Oct 31 2009 	You pay a little but you get way less than what you paid for!!!	It was a bad stay start to finish. The staff are not friendly at all. The rooms were filthy, the sink does not drain, the beds were uncomfortable . When we tried to check out because of the filth they were very rude and charged us 3 nights cancellation fees although such a policy was not stated anywhere. Not only that although we paid the 3 nights cancellation fees in cash and when we got home we realized that they charged us twice!! once the cash we paid and the other on the credit card!! I would defiantly not recommend this hotel to friend or even an enemy!!	
Oct 30 2009 	The worst hotel I have ever stayed in - book somewhere else	26-28 Oct 2009 I would not stay here again.Stupidly booked this hotel after reading ok reviews, after booking then found more acurate reviews, but it was too late to cancel.Reception - Pleseant enough area but no smiles and barely a word uttered to us from the man at the desk. Our room wasn't ready, why ask for your arrival time, if it makes no difference? We were told we could leave our bags in the luggage room, a scabby room with no lock and no concierge.The room - you leave the bright airy reception, when the lift doors open, you get some idea what you're in for. At once you are hit with the smell of stale tobacco smoke.The room was small, which isn't the end of the world, but the bathroom was VILE, the grout black, the light fighting above the mirror was rusty, the hairdryer pathetic and wrapped with duck tape. The sink didnt have a grate and didnt drain properly, there was dirt behind the taps. The toilet didn't flush everytime.The radiators in the hallways were on high - with the thermostat knob broken.Breakfast - Continental? Really? Whilst there was nothing wrong with the breakfast, it does not qualify as continental. Toast, tea, cereal - when there is milk in the jug and spoons in the pot. Fruit juice and one choice of yoghurt.	
Oct 26 2009 	Don't stay there no matter how cheap!	This place is a negative 5-star! I was shocked how dirty it was. With such a low rate, I was not shocked when I saw cracks on the walls, stains on the carpet and bed, broken lamps... However, I could not stand a filthy bathroom. When I checked in, the toilet was not flushed and that means the toilet had not been cleaned since the last guest checked out. The next day the bathroom was again not properly cleaned. I was totally grossed out by this place.I often stayed at low-end hotels and in most cases, the price justified the quality. However, I feel that I overpaid at Eden Plaza Hotel. I have never stayed at a place so disgusting as Edan Plaza Hotel.	
Oct 23 2009	worst hotel ever	How i wish i'd read these reviews before booking this hotel. From the photos on their website it looked a fairly decent hotel, certainly looked clean and fresh.On arriving we noticed how dirty it was in reception. Things didn't improve once we got to our room on the 4th floor. We were meant to be staying for 2 nights, we only stayed one, deciding instead to spend 2nd night in another hotel. That 1st night I don't think either I nor my mum managed to sleep much. Mum was afraid to go into the bathroom in case there was anything scurrying around. I don't think the bath has ever been cleaned, the walls were filthy, there were cracks in the windows and I was cold, due to there only being a sheet and a very dodgy looking brown blanket which I didn't really want near me. We didn't bother with breakfast, deciding instead to go out very early and go to a local Cafe Nero instead.Please do not stay here....	
Oct 5 2009 	This place is atrocious. Do not stay there under any circumstances	My husband and I stayed here on Saturday 3rd October. We arrived in the morning before check-in was possible so we left our bags in the luggage room. The receptionist wasn't exactly full of smiles and nor was he very helpful. The entrance hall was basic but it seemed ok.We returned later to check in to our room and were given our room key for a room on the lower ground floor. When we got to the room, we found that it had not been made up and the bed had the covers off and the wet towels from the previous guests were on the floor. So we alerted the receptionist staff of this and they gave us the key to an alternative room on the second floor. We walked in and were disgusted....the bed was a small double and there was barely enough room to walk around it. The walls were damp and the room stank as a result. The walls were not painted and had dirty marks all over them, there was a hole in the plaster board on one side of the room, the bathroom was disgusting - mold on the tiles, grotty taps - absolutely apalling. It was too late for us to find anywhere else as we were due out for a birthday meal with friends. We stayed out as long as possible so as to avoid spending any more time than was absolutely necessary there.Breakfast the next day was also a joke. The rate we had paid included breakfast but they didn't have us down for breakfast the next day and tried to charge us an extra £6 each for it. Luckily, I still had my confirmation of booking with me so I showed them that....although there wasn't much point. There was hardly any choice for breakfast....some stale cereals or toast, tea or coffee and seriously watered down fruit juice.	
Sep 1 2009 	horrible and smelly	Don't bother staying here, the bathroom was covered with black mold,the walls were filthy with dirt,the breakfast was so basic,should not be 3 star.I think the owners are money hungry because I would never take money from people and give them a room that was so dirty and mouldy and smelt through-out the whole hotel,it looks like no money at all has been spent on this hotel,maybe just in lobby certainly not in the rooms.do not waste your money on this hotel you will be disapointed..	
Aug 31 2009 	totally disgusting	continental breakfast was one and half slices of cheap toast no continental what so ever .first set of rooms disgusting, switches hanging of the wall, small, dirty shower, doors were hanging off black mould around the toilet and shower most umwelcoming.second set of rooms -slight improvement -safety checks on electrical items out of date again very small, receptionist admitted that this was not a three star although they are advertising it as such. coffee disgusting never had a drink the whole time we was there. staff most unwelcoming. no snacks available at all during the day. asked to get us a taxi they wanted to charge us double to what it cost us to flag one down outside. to sum up you would have to be deperate to stay in a hovel like this.	
Aug 25 2009 	MOST DISGUSTING HOTEL I HAVE EVER SEEN	I have never been to most disgusting,dirtiest and smelly place like Eden Plaza at 68.Queensgate,London.It should not be allowed to advertise as 3 star hotel,as it's noteven 2 by the lowest standards.This place should be closed down,before any more people have to go through the horror of staying there even for one night only !!!Do yourself a favour and stay away !!!!!!!!!	
Jul 22 2009 	disgusting!!!!	This is the most disgusting place I have ever been in. I was given a room like a shoe box with the dirtiest shower, broken tiles and rusting pipes, so depressing. I went to reception and they took me to the dungeon and I also refused to stay there!!! Next came a room that had cleaner facilities which I tolerated. How can they be allowed to exist. The brakfast had no fruit for the cereal, the staff could barely speak or understand english and the table clothes were plastic cellotaped together, hygenic, I don't think so, yuk!!! As for the older man at the front office, well, he needs a lesson in hosting guests rather tha thinking he is doing a favour. He is so rude I would be ashamed to be associated with him.	
Jun 22 2009 	Dirty! Do not go!!!	From the outside this hotel looks great and the location is lovely, but that is all I can say good about this hotel. Our room was dirty and mouldy. the corridors and stairs are also filthy. We went for breakfast on the first day and all there was was cereal toast and rock hard bread buns, the drinks were disgusting. The breakfast was served from 7.30 till 9.30am but by 9.10am everything was cleared away. The staff were not helpful either they were quite rude at times! Do not go!!!	
Jun 5 2009 	A more than adequate place to stay	The reviews I'd read of this hotel prepared me for the worst. After arriving and our toilet didn't work I feared we were in for a bad experience. However, after mentioning the toilet, the front desk staff was very helpful and switched us to a different room in the basement that was clean, updated and even a bit larger. The rooms are small but that's not unusual in the UK (a fact many North American travellers forget) and you don't spend much time in the room anyway. Our washroom was updated and the linens and the room itself were clean. The hotel has been renovating and are still updating their facilities so, other than some cosmetic damage, they seem to be attempting to modernise.I would definitely stay here again as the value is good, the location is great, the staff was friendly and our room was quiet and clean. Don't believe the bad reviews, this was an adequate place to stay.	
May 24 2009 	Definitely not a 3 star hotel!!!	Our travel agent booked us into this hotel as part of a 4 day stay in London after we stayed in Ireland for 10 days. I had been to London before and wanted my boyfriend to see it. Our agent gave us a choice of 3 hotels and &amp; I did pick this one due to the fact that I was familiar with the South Kensington area and knew it was safe. The hotel was billed as a three-star hotel,, but it certainly was not. It was very disappointing. The outside looked nice but that was about it. Staff was not very friendly or helpful. I have been to London before as well as other major European cities, so I knew what to expect (small, usually narrow rooms, most decor not matching,etc) This was so beyond even my lowest expectations. The double bed was barely big enough for two people and we are not big (5&quot;1 &amp; 5&quot;11). The bathroom was gross, mildew everywhere in shower and drain did not work well. I read in another review that you jumped in just long enough to get clean and got out as fast as you could-that hit the nail on the head. My boyfriend was so disgusted, we tried unsuccessfully to find a room at another hotel. On the good side, the hotel was in a very nice area of London. Although it was a walk, we walked to the end of the street and went through Hyde park and Royal Albert Hall. It was located near lots of good restaurants and the tubes. It was also right across the street from the British Museum of Natural History (highly recommend visiting)It is too bad that this hotel wasn't kept up better. We felt deceived due to the fact that is was billed as a nicer hotel. Travelbound needs to look into this and to some extent, I fault the agent for even recommending this place. Isn't that why you have one? Our hotel in Dublin was fine and we expecting the same standard here.	
May 20 2009 	It served a purpose	On arrival the hotel looked ok, I think the staff could have been a bit more friendly on arrival, the first thing they want is your money, we were giving a basement room and trying to enter with a bent key, the room looked out onto a load of decorating used materials broken wood, used paint etc, along with looking out onto the pavement, so the curtains had to stay pulled, no net curtain or blind, where you could have some natural daylight, tea and coffee was in the room but this strange stuff what they call milk, a sachet of vegtable fat and sweetners yuk. Down the corridors holes and cracks in the wall, carpet seen better days, a whole refurb is what is needed, continetal breakfast consist of bread hardly toasted, tea with this disgusting milk, and cereal if you want it.wouldnt stay there again.	
May 18 2009 	Don't stay there	On Saturday the 16 May 2009 (for my Birthday treat) my wife and I were booked into The Eden Plaza Hotel at 68-69 Queensgate, South Kensington,London, SW7 5JTAt about 17:15,we arrived at the Hotel and were promptly charged £90.00 for a room.The room was situated in the basement of the hotel (room8). Our first observations were that the room was not in a very good state of decor, and was not very clean, but we were running late, so left the room quite quickly. As we were leaving to go out on Saturday night, I reported that the bathroom light was not working and also there was no sattelite television as described on their web site. I was told there was a light in the shower which the gentleman on reception would show me how to turn on later, as for the sat tv, this was apparently only in he refurbished rooms (we booked this room in October 2008 and get a sub- standard room).In the Morning I went to wash my hands and found no hot water at the sink and after letting it run for 10 to 20 minutes without result, decided to have a shower. I spent about 20 minutes trying to get it working, then got dressed and went up to reception to tell them. The receptionist said he would be down in 10 minutes, and, when he arrived, he could not get it to work either. By now I was very upset and complained about their lack of standards stating that I would make a complaint to the local council. This merely prompted the reply &quot; I will send the maintenance man down&quot;. The maitenance man duly arrived whilst my wife was in the bathroom, so he said &quot;run the water for 10 minutes and it should get hot&quot;. I explained that I had done this; he just shrugged his shoulders and so I started to complain to him. He told me to go upstairs as it wasn,t his fault. By this time we were at a loss as to how to get a morning wash let alone a shower! We got dressed and went up to reception where my wife asked for the invoice and this was duly printed off. No apology was made, as I pointed out upon our departure and there was no comment made from the receptionist (the same man who has been on duty all evening and so was more than aware of the complaints).Main points are as followers1) Main light in Bathroom not working so they left the light over the sink on2) No Hot water at the sink3) No water at all in the Shower4) Room not very clean and matress too worn for comfort.5) The windows did not work properly and did not lock6) No Nets at the windows so had to keep the curtains closed so no one could see in7) At no time did we receive an apology from the staff.8) Not offerd a change of room or discount/refund9) Had to ask for a copy of our invoice.	
May 7 2009 	good value for the money	Was very unsure what we would find after reading reviews. Bonus. We booked a doubleroom en-suite and was given a family room instead which consisted of two double bedsthat had fresh linen on. It was like a little appartment. Separate shower and toiletwhich was very clean and fresh. Tea and coffee making facilities were there inabundance. The bonus was that we arrived at 3.p.m. Saturday afternoon and drovearound to the back of the hotel to find that there was free parking from 1.30 p.m. untilSunday evening. Saved us a fortune on car parks. The hotel was bang opposite theNatural History Museum which we visited on the Sunday morning before travelling home.Excellent value for money. Ten minutes walk to Harrolds and very near the tube station.Would recommend if you only need a sleeping place. Good base.	
May 5 2009 	Don't put yourself through it.	We were redirected to this hotel after the one we were booked into had over booked their rooms, I am digusted that they even had the nerve to send us to this place. Supposedly 3 star?? I really don't think so, it was more like a hostel. We didn't even stay the night we stood in the room for 10 minutes then left. If you need somewhere to stay desperately I'd consider it but apart from that don't bother	
Apr 15 2009 	Ridiculous	Cheap but it's not really worth the price. Dirty bathroom and disgusting bath curtain. Dirty rooms. Don't try to ask the receptionist because you won't really get any facial expression from him ( the one in a day shift). Just a statue talking to you. NOT FRIENDLY at all. Hotel has nice facade but it's all they got.	
Apr 2 2009 	dont do it	From the outside it looked ok!! All downhill from there! Supposed to have a double bed, eh no it wasnt, comfy for one not two! Clean blankets and sheets. Room small wouldnt swing a cat.Bathroom, small but looked clean till you went to get a shower!! shower full of mould and mildew. You literally got in and showered as quick as you could and made sure you didnt touch off anything. not much to do in the area but tube is just up the road we literally slept there n that was it. walls must be made from paper to cos we heard every conversation the people in the next room had, we could have joined in without leaving our room!! staff were friendly though, just a shame they didnt put more effort into the up-keep of the hotel. just goes to show sometimes the cheap deal isnt always the best.	
Mar 8 2009 	being redecorated	Having read the reviews after being booked by friends we was dreading staying, checking in was ok, approaching our room, you could see into room 107 which was in the process of being redecorated, we was in 108, opening the door revealed a very small room which had just been redecorated, new matteress, bedding, carpet, flat screen tv, bathroom, everything all new. Result!our friends were in room 208, straight above which also been redecorated, however our other 2 friends were in rooms 210 and 406 and they was horrid, exactly as everyone had described, so it would appear that the eden plaza is getting a long over due refit, so make sure that you get one of the refitted rooms, the downsides to this room are the fact that they are small, and the satellite tv kept on cutting out, but then I am not there to watch tv.Continential breakfast was ok, as for the noise aspect, yes you can hear the traffic, but this is central london, its not the countyside, so we was not expecting a particulary quiet room	
Mar 3 2009 	A Big Mistake	My partner had arranged a romatic weekend for us bith an we booked for 3 nights in this hotel. We had arrived an the customer service gentleman on the front desk was rude an not very helpful once we had arrived to check in. We thought nothing of this as we had a long day travelling. We were given the keys to our room only to walk up the stairs walk into a box room with no room to swing a cat. There were suspicious stains on the wall an the bed sheets were dirty.Both my partner an myself were gutted so we tried to upgrade with each room being worse than the other, the bathrooms were covered in mould an the beds we all dirty... So we decided to stay in the original room only for my partner to get an electric shock from the lighting.If it wasnt for the lack of vacancies elsewhere then we would have booked dtraight out but as we had come a long way we decided to bare it only have in to spend 2 hrs cleaing the bathroom ourselves... This is not wat we would have called a pleasant stay by any means.	
Feb 28 2009 	Cesspit	This has to be the worst hotel in Europe. There was mould running down the walls and another guest had vermin in the room. Sleazy, nasty, dirty.	
Feb 27 2009 	The outside looked ok but the inside.....	We had decided to visit London as a treat for my wife. We looked at Hotels on the web via our mobile phones, then looked across the road and saw the Eden Plaza had vacancies.My wife went in to ask for rates etc, and came out to say its £65 a night for the two of us.We went in, the man said we pay in advance, and an Asian man asked for my details and asked how I was going to pay. I handed him my visa, but instead of just putting it through the machine he took it to the desk and examined both sides of it. I asked why he did this and was told he was checking the signature was the same as in the register. He then proceeded to put it through the machine.We were given our key, and as I am disabled he said it would be one floor up. We went to the room and had problems opening the door. The room was a single room with a double bed, meaning you had to climb over the bed as it was against the wall. The tiles in the bathroom were terrible, with eleven small tiles missing and sharp edges on the ones near the space. The shower head was loose and when turned on only a dribble came out. The window was broken and the carpet badly stained.I went to reception and complained and the man said he was surprised as the room should be ok, I asked when he checked but he could not remember. His colleague had just arrived and said give me the key I will give you another room. This time we were below ground floor with the dustbins outside the window. The room was even smaller, but a nice shower cubicle until you turned it on, there was scalding hot water or cold but nothing between. Needless to say it was a bad experience. We went for breakfast which was a good choice of cereals and fruit, there was cheese but the rolls were stale &amp; hard. None of the staff understood english very well.I was so glad it `was just one night. Two weeks later Barclaycard rang me to say £2500 approx had been spend on Limousines , Night Clubs etc whch were purchased over the phone. I used this card in London to pay for the room &amp; buy fuel only so very suspicious who had the details.The Credit card Company luckily, refunded the amounts and were not interested in taking it further until now as the details are still being used even though I have a new card.Outside the Hotel looked like the others in the street, but inside it needs a total refurb.Certainly would not recommend this one. Even hotels in Budapest &amp; Hungary were better...............	
Feb 26 2009 	Worst experience ever!	I cannot understand how this hotel can be passed by whatever authority checks on health and safety. I was afraid to close the curtains in case they would fall off the rails and also they were so heavily laden with dust I didn't dare dislodge it. The bathroom was tiny and smelly. I was suspicious of the bedclothes and didn't dare walk in my bare feet on the very worn carpet. Never again. Why is this allowed? Do the owners ever read what Trip Advisor clients have to say?	
Feb 25 2009 	Don't believe the good reviews!!	Don't use this place at any price, worst place we've ever stayed at. Very small rooms, small beds dirty linen, only good thing the front door to get out!!	
Feb 23 2009 	What ever you do dont stay here - the worst hotel I have ever stayed in no matter how cheap it is not worth it	I have stayed in many hotels of varying quality in the past, I did not however expect to find a filthy version of a second world war air-raid shelter nestling in the middle of Kensington.My room (out of the 4 we booked) , was particularly rank. The room was marginally wider than the bed - fortunately the brooms had been removed - I half expected to encouter Hong Kong Phooey living there.. The bathroom was the awful thing I have ever seen in my life, and the question arose whether I was cleaner before I got in the shower.The highlights (other than leaving), were 1. - the costa coffee cup full of cigarette ends outside our window, and 2. The hand painted lamp shade - no, not a mad piece of extravagance in our room, but some rather slap dash re-decorating.AVOID THIS HOTEL AT ALL COSTS	
Feb 21 2009 	It's been unfairly treated	The Eden Plaza wasn't that bad! Yes, it was very run-down and scruffy and all the rooms were pretty rough - everything was scuffed, didn't fit or a bit broken. But they had been cleaned and the bed was OK. The telly worked, there were coffee facilities and hot water. There were no troublesome guests as you sometimes get in very cheap places.Although the desk staff would benefit from a short customer service course, this was more than made up for by the charming girls who served the breakfast. And that, though simple, was nice.The location was absolutely brilliant - right opposite the Natural History Museum and within easy reach of everywhere. How else could you have that convenience for a rock-bottom price?	
Feb 16 2009 	Don't go there	Pity we hadn't visited trip advisor before coming to this place. We were booked for 4 nights, but only stayed one. Had to get out. The website gives a totally wrong impression. and Sattelirte Tv muct have been switched off it only have 4/5 cha	
Jan 26 2009 	not happy	1st room way to small 2 single beds with a half wall in between bit like a cell asked for another room.2nd room in day time didnt seem bad but on returning from theatre to go to bed / was a double but it was 2 singles pushed together and one was rock hard and very stained yuck. linen was clean but only 1 bottom sheet no mattress cover so you could see the stains through it and we did not us the blanket this was well.the bathroom was redone and nice good showerone window would not shut so had to have heating on all night we where on the ground floor and didnt realise next door was the electical mains room all night a loud humming that never stopped both had hardly any sleepBreakfast continental was 2 pieces of toast cerial if you wantedand a EMPTY bread roll basket had to complain to the reception staff to get this filled as the staff did not understand us(we are english) asked for tea never arrived so juice.The location was perfect lets hope they manage to get the hotel up to scratch	
Jan 19 2009 	Don't let the few good reviews fool you. This place is a slum.	There is only one good thing about this hotel and that's the location. Don't let that in any way sway your decision to stay here though. It will ruin your entire experience of visiting this wonderful city.My double room was relatively small. It was dirty and i'm sure it broke several health and safety codes. I know it would fail an electrical inspection. Electrical wires taped together, broken light switches and lights falling off the walls. In the bathroom, the shower screen was hanging off and the light had no cover. There was also damp on the floor and tiles and parts of broken wall fittings left on the walls creating sharp pieces of plastic which are just waiting for a lawsuit.I thought i'd try this hotel to keep the cost of my trip down. I usually stay at the Abcone hotel just around the corner. It's a little more expensive (approx £10 a night) but it's where i'll be booking again on my next trip. I urge you all to look elsewhere too.	
Jan 14 2009 	This place is a DUMP!	I booked my son into the hotel for 2 nights over Christmas and found it to be appauling! The bathroom was in deplorable condition with tiles having fallen off the wall, mildew on the ceiling AND NO LIGHT!!!! Worse yet there was NO HOT WATER no matter how long he waited! When he needed to have some clothing pressed he summoned the concierge waited at reception for 20 minutes. Noone every arrived! I would advise NOT STAYING IN THIS HOTEL. It may sound like a good price for accommodations, but you get what you pay for. This place is a DUMP!!	
Nov 4 2008 	NASTY HOTEL NASTY PEOPLE - BIG BIG DIVE (and i'm not fussy!)	I may sound like im going off on one and i never complain but....I booked this hotel for my Fiancee's birthday weekend for one night, using it as a place just to get our heads down after a night of seeing the killers in concert. We are used to no frills and after staying in a variety of hotels in the past, seeing various gigs we consider ourselves not really that fussy!I dont know where to start really...we arrived and were greeted by a nasty little frenchman going by the name of 'Marty' or 'Martin' couldnt really understand him whatsoever, he gave us a cold welcome and asked us to pay upfront (we now know why) which we thought was quite strange, but we did anyway. he threw the room keys at us and we made our way up to the temple of doom. In the room the first thing that jumped out at me was the state of the walls, they were disgusting! when i say disgusting i mean HANGING! fingerprints, scuff marks, the occasional lump of phlegm...happy birthday dear...Nice (!) The lampshade had been on fire at one point, there was a nice big burn mark in it, the electrical sockets were loose, as was the telephone point hanging out the wall, the bathroom ceiling was covered in mould, although apart from that the bathroom was quite clean i must say. and there was a broken spring in the bed, which not being funny, could do someone some damage if not seen. I went to reception to complain, lampshade in hand and was promised to be moved - which after many attempts never happened - i gave up and we went to the concert.The next morning we checked out with our lovely host monsier marty mc.[---] and i decided to let them know about the problems which he proceded to scribble down on a bit of paper and after doing so, looked at us blankly - NO apology, NO 'is there anything we could do for you?' Just a thankyou for bringing it to there attention. I asked for the manager's name and he said to write to him. I asked him if he was the manager, he said no, so i then tried to get the manager's name out of him, would he give it to me..would he feck.At that point i was really frustrated and we left - where do these people get off??????!!!!!!Please, please, PLEASE DO NOT GO HERE, spend an extra £30 and stay somewhere nice, do not give them anymore business! NASTY HOTEL, NASTY PEOPLE i'd rather stick needles in my eyes and sleep with my dead grandmother.	
Oct 22 2008 	Excellent location for Imperial College business	Stayed for 2 nights, and just loved the location, the hotel and the place. Excellent to conduct my visits to Imperial College. Will come back!	
Oct 20 2008 	Room Rates by the Hour?	Words cannot describe how bad this hotel really is. As a frequent business traveller I have stayed in accommodations ranging from poor to fantastic. I had not ever actually been in a hotel where I was afraid of catching Ebola just from touching the carpet in socked feet...oh yeah it was that bad. To start I realized this would be a dump when I had to book last minute for business. I took one for the company to keep costs down while still getting into the centre of London. Three times I was given keys to rooms that had people staying in them, and was priveledged to see some &quot;tenants&quot; evicted. Basically I tried to ignore the authentic dog-hair blankets and unusual smell from the toilet ( I now realize it's the smell of fear). Breakfast just was not going to be an option. Probably not a bad hotel if you are 1. A Rodent 2. A John 3. A politician seeking discreet privacy	
Oct 2 2008 	Disappointed in the Eden Plaza..	We have just come back from London where we stayed 3 nights at the Eden Plaza hotel. We chose this hotel as we stayed there in May 2002 and were happy with the location, how clean it was and because they had a good continental breakfast that was included with the room. I was disappointed when we arrived at the hotel (after travelling for 12 hours ) to be told we couldn't check in as we were 1 hour too early. When we finally got into our room we were both disappointed to find out that the shower room walls were so dirty looking (the grout was black) that we were debating whether or not to use the shower. The walls in the entire hotel room looked like they needed to be cleaned and one of the tv's did not work which wasn't a big deal but when you pay almost $300.00 (Canadian money) per night. Also, the continental breakfast didn't have half of the items included as the last time we stayed there. All in all, for the price per night, we will find a different hotel the next time we are in London. Kim C. New Westminster, BC, Canada	
Sep 27 2008 	DIRTY NOISY BROKEN ITEMS IN ROOMS MISERABLE STAFF!	This so called 'hotel' may be convenient but it is more like a convenience inside! Miserable staff on reception, dirty room access, room even worse, dirty shower room, toilet seat broken, chairs and beds broken and uncomfortable, nasty damp smell in room, unable to open window unless you bring a crow-bar. Breakfast was supposed to be continental but it must have come from a starving continent judging by the minimal content. Still want to book? You must be suicidal.	
Sep 10 2008 	The guy who named it "Eden Plaza" had a very strange sense of humor	It is the worst hotel I have ever been to in my life, by far.Very dirty for the first place. I did not dare to sit on the toilet, and going barefoot in the room would have been equal to suicide.The room was extremely small, and practically all furniture and equipment were in a ridiculous condition. The door of the room could not be closed.Their website is misleading. It shows the image of a decent, clean hotel, which is by far not true.The receiption was okay, but seriously, who cares about the receiptionist being kind if you would not let your dog sleep in the room you received.After like 20 minutes we decided to check out. Fortunately, there are plenty of decent hotels around. We did not even care about the financial loss our decision caused.	
Aug 27 2008 	A disgrace!	I booked 2 nights in this hotel as I was attending a Proms concert on the Saturday. When I arrived,I knew things would be bad because I was directed to my room through 2 fire escapes.For a single room,it was like a sardine tin. The TV had poor reception and no satellite channels(although this was included on the hotel's website). There was no hot water at any time of the day and cracked light fittings,tears in wallpaper and dirty light switches. Also,the door chain was ineffective. The website indicated there was a coffee lounge serving snacks all day.....not true! The manager was taken aback when I complained and said &quot;do you want me to magic a coffee lounge out of nowhere?&quot; in a very aggressive manner.I have now written to the hotel to ask for a refund and also contacted Trading Standards.On the positive side,breakfast was quite acceptable.However,the taxi ordered by the manager cost me £18......to drive me one mile to Victoria Coach Station.DO NOT STAY HERE......it cost me £115!!!!!!!!!	
Aug 20 2008 	What a dive!	I stayed in this dump for 4 days . It looked O.K. when I checked it out on the net before I left for my trip, it looked good from the outside, but what a shock when we were shown our &quot;rooms&quot;!I had to change my kids room 3 times on the first night, we moved 2 times before we found something that wasn't too small, filthy, hot, noisy and semi-sanitary. Dirty walls, holes in doors, filthy carpet, no A/C, tiny rooms,lousy showers(my kid's room had leaks from the tiling which washed dirt onto the floor) and very noisy from the traffic. We left for 4 days, but unfortunately it was all too hard to change our final booking for 1day back there before leaving the country. Will be complaining big time to the travel agency very shortly. My advice is don't even contemplate renting at this hole. I have stayed in much better youth hostels!	
Aug 7 2008 	I'd rather stick needles in my eyes...	than stay a single night at this &quot;hotel.Never in my life,have I encountered such a filthy wreck.Hotel Rawanda more to the truth.We were to have 2 rooms on the second floor.Smoked filled,stain covered,mold infected is really the best I can say.Also toilets did not flush in either room.Needless to say,we got the hell out .We were billed in advance for 4 nights and did contact our agent at home for a refund.we ended up at The enterprise Hotel a bit further up the street.It was just lovely,wonderful service and restaurant, very close to Earl Court Tube.Just a bit more in price but well worth it. Trust me,Eden Plaza,is like an insane science experiment,you'll going to catch something really bad if you stay there.	
Jul 23 2008 	Simple but good!	I stayed in the Eden Plaza hotel for a week at the beginning of July. I was originally worried after reading all of the reviews on trip adivsor but once we arrived the worry disappeared.Firstly, the location is great! There are two tube stations about 500m in either direction and also lots of sights/shops within walking distance.When you stay in central London the room is going to be on the small side but there was really nothing wrong with it. On arrival it was clean and tidy and we weren't disappointed at all. Our linen was changed every day, along with the bathroom being cleaned. There was breakfast available and you could choose to have the rates inclusive breakfast or pay a couple pounds more if you weren't satisfied. The staff there were not rude or unhelpful - they weren't the warmest, friendliest staff that you will find at some hotels but there was nothing else to hold against them.We booked through otel.com which was around 20 pounds cheaper than the website. Would stay there again if in London.	
Jul 22 2008	A Nightmare- you deserve better!	My mother and I checked in mid afternoon. My mother was booked in for 6 nights. I was just going to stay 2 nights. We expected that my mother would be allowed to stay in the same room all week We had asked our travel agent to book this. They could not guarantee this. Nor would they assure us that my mother would not be kicked out of one room once I left, unable to check in to the next room for half a day. The only decent thing about this hotel was the street appearance. Two male employees watched my mother (aged 76) and I struggle to lift our suitcases up the front steps into the entrance hall. They did not even move to open the front door. This should have warned us but we continued to check in. Here we disageed about the booking as mentioned above. We were truly dismayed at the room. We could not bring our suitcases into the room easily. Once int the room there was not the room to lay down and open even one suitcase. The room was tiny. The bathroom was dirty with broken tiles and suspect plumbing. The TV set was perched on a shelf at head height. near a bed. The final straw was the poor security. The door lock was a simple key lock which would easily have been opened with a credit card. The &quot;safey chain&quot; was flimsy and alllowed the door to be opened wide enough for a finger to unlatch it. Most men could probably opened the &quot;locked&quot; door by leaning on it. I would not confidently have left any valuables int the room.We checked out within an hour of arriving. Look elsewhere- no one deserves to stay in a place like this.Sue Australia	
Jun 10 2008	Was not bad for the price...	Was nice and clean in reception, spoke to the manager who was cyproit nice and polite very chirpy chap!Room was cleaned with clean sheets every morning, toilets bleached, floors hooved and shower head cleaned but in london things like there never clean properly due to poor water standards, so cannot blame the hotel... Cleaning staff friendly and chatty...Tea, coffee and sugar sachets was replaced daily, no scale in the kettle, very unusual for london!!!The internet computer was out of order :( had to use a internet cafe and my room phone was missing (not that I wanted it)Nice euro breakfast, but paid for the full english, enjoyed both (greedy git, like to get my monies worth!!)Some of the previous reviews i've just read seem a little petty!! but it was 2 years since i visited...But willing to go again on my own experince, I've been in hell of a lot worse hotels in london!!Overall was a good stay!!!	
Jun 4 2008 	NO NO NO NO..............Don't go there!	What can I say? I can't even begin to tell you how apallingly disgusting this hotel is!I have grave concerns about the standard of this accommodation. We had booked for 5 nights but checked out after the 2nd night. We booked in London and paid on-line through gtahotels.com - which should be delisted for including this place on their books.To add to the inadequacy, the twin room, which had been confirmed in an email by gtahotels, was not available on our arrival. The hotel said it was nothing to do with them and they would put us in another room for that night only, but we would have to change rooms for the second night. Both rooms were a disgrace.The accomodation was so shocking it was beyond belief, like something from a horror movie. Walls were filthy and chipped, smeared with dirt and who knows what else, carpets so threadbare they were dangerous, there were broken globes or no globes in the lights, no bedside reading lamps, it was dark and dingy, ceilings were stained and holes in the ceiling had been plugged with.....wait for it...... toilet paper. The bedspreads were covered with stains, no underblankets on the beds, sheets so thin you could see through them and the mattresses just disgustingly dirty. The bed head was covered in stains and head grease. We had a window view into a lightwell, outside which was a mess of wet, rotting, rubbish with hundreds of cigarette butts.The bathroom in both the rooms in which we stayed was a disgrace. The shower was covered in black mould, the floor of the shower filthy and fittings were caked with black and brown dirt. The toilet cistern leaked, the toilet bowl was loose, the shower screen black with mould around the edges.Breakfast was basic but adequate so we ate quickly (let's be honest we didn't exactly feel like lingering over our coffee) and the unhygenic sheets of plastic on the dining tables -there were no cloths- were taped down across and under the table with old and grimy sticky tape. It was a joke. I have never experienced such apalling conditions in my years of travel. It was third world standard. Reluctantly we agreed to pay for the two nights we did stay. Now we're working on getting a refund for the other three nights. Do not stay in this establishment, it is not fit for human habitation. Why it hasn't been closed down by the health department authorities just beggars belief.	
Jun 1 2008	only if you are desperate- not worth a two star rating	Where shall I start. the nearest Tube station which is Gloucester Rd and the hotel is diaginally oposite the Natural History museum I walked into the reception area and that was fantastic and clean, staff all spoke english and were clean and dressed well. and that is as good as it gets.! dont expect much from this place. The first thing that annoys me is that dispite I paid a deposit before hand they made me pay all the bill up front before i had started my stay,.on each floor the foyer was scruffy with scuff marks on walls, and with carpets that didn't match wall paint, and in the rooms, were the same. my coffe cup and saucer was dirty and my shower had serious mould on it , with bed head, chair and lam shades with massive staines. on it. I asked for no smoking, and each morning smoke from other roonms could be smelt in my room.the fixtures need painting and paint had chipped away the toilet rarely flushed and teh sink was off it fixtures and could have tiped over if i had lent on it.MY OPINION ALL IS ONLY STAY IF YOU ARE DESPERATE.THANKS KAREN	
May 28 2008 	Dank Dirty Dingy DONT	Me and my boyfriend stayed here the second week of May. We are young and our budget fluctuates. So we were just looking for a good location and a reasonable room that was CLEAN HAHAH. This was our first trip to Europe and our first European hotel but i still didn't let Eden Plaza effect how i felt about our stay in London. This place is a laughing joke.Upon reading the reviews for this place we were freaked out because we had already booked the room. We sorta knew what we were in for. I would have NOT booked if i saw this site. As we were arriving it looked pretty swell from the outside, and the recpetion area was a far cry from the reality that was about to set in. The place is probably the most disgusting place I have ever stayed. The bathroom was really dirty, had a musky smell. The walls were really dirty, hand prints, god knows what other bodily fluids were on there. Very small room but I don't really care about size. I have learned that the rooms in Europe are typically smaller then what we are used too. I just care about cleanliness. Really small though. The TV was ghetto, again who cares, you might. No cable TV just some BBC 1 and 2, so they advertised wrong, among other things. The maids just had all their supplies, clean towels, dirty towels , just strewn about in the hallway, on the floor, with all the other rubbish, that was gross and of course we didn't even bother with the breakfast..... The shower tiles were falling out and i had to wear flip flops, because well ya know it was gnarly. And i'm pretty sure that there were bed bugs, bring a sleep sheet or better yet Don't stay here. I put a towel down on the carpet cause i didn't want to even step on it.  One thing about this place is the amazing LOCATION . Perfect. Such a great safe area. So if you can find something for a few more bucks DO IT. Me and my boyfriend and young and we aren't to prissy, really laid back but this place is just plain gross and diry dirty dirty. I guess the upside is that you don't want to be trapped in your room so you stay out all day and night. Not a relaxing place to come home too but hey we laughed about it while being robbed for how much it was a night. Yea this place blows. Here are some photos. Just don't stay here. There seems to be a nice Hostel just across the street. For the money its just not good enough, on any level. So spend more or stay at the clean looking hostel.	
Apr 18 2008 	Diirty Scruffy Disgusting	I was fooled by the pristine photos of this hotel and booked 2 nights - for a visit to a trade fair. As travelling alone I wanted to feel secure in my hotel &amp; in relative comfort.The door to my room was rickety and the lock was loose, the safety chain didn't work, there was dirt and grime all over the walls, light switches and shabby carpets. The bathroom was filthy with black mould and dirt in the shower. I felt sick.I refused to stay and as a result had to endure an hour of arguing as I demanded a full refund - based on the grounds of the misrepresentation on the website, filthy unsafe room - and who wouldn't. The staff on reception was stubborn and unapologetic - I just refused to leave without a refund.Be warned.	
Apr 11 2008 	Mistakenly Named Eden Plaza	Stayed there. My opinions: regretted it, staff unfriendly, hotel was dirty, small and had poor ventilation. Found a dead mouse just outside our window. Cleaning staff also doubled as servers for breakfast, so same people who are cleaning your toilets are handling your food if you choose to partake of the &quot;free&quot; breakfast. Close to Gloucester Road Underground stop and within walking distance of Kensington Palace. Nice man who runs the place seems unaware of how the rest of the staff handles guests when he is not looking. Or maybe he thinks you are entitled to get what you pay for. Pity that. Will encourage my travel agent to delist the accomodation due to poor experience.	
Apr 7 2008 	Cheap 	We should have realised that the price per night was a good reflection of what to expect. We stayed in a twin bedded room with private facilities. The whole room needed a thorough clean - the bath was so dirty you could have scraped it off with your nail. The divan beds were ripped and torn but covered with pristine white sheets. The filthy windows had broken glass. The hairdryer was stuck together with tape draped in cobwebs. The toilet flush did not work properly. The walls were brightly painted and covered with scribbles/scuff marks/ and dust/dirt. A great location, very basic but certainly not clean! The staff were mainly foreign and a general air of lassitude and could-not-care-less prevailed.We certainly would NOT recommend this hotel.LewisNewportApril 2008	
Apr 3 2008 	Very friendly and Helpfull	We had a plesant stay in the Eden Plaza Hotel. Stayed for 2 nights, room was small but adequate (afterall this is london). location was perfect; quiet, felt safe enough to walk back to at night and close enough to the main attractions. Staff were very friendly and helpfull which makes all the diffrence.	
Mar 17 2008 	Typical low level london hotel	London has a lot of these hotels. Nice on the outside on good location but really cramped and kinda dirty rooms.Bathrooms, with sinks that might work and shoddy workmanship that will cause mildew to develop quickly. A lot of problems are due to the fact that bathrooms are shoddily built - straight on top on wooden boards without any waterproofing in between, a lot of drillholes straight thru the tiles without any santarysilikon to stop water going thru.We had three rooms, one bathroom had mildew, in the other the sink fell away from the wall.Rooms are small and not so clean.TV did not work unless you held the power button pressed in.Location was excellent!	
Mar 9 2008 	Do Not Stay There- Very Dirty Place	I am usually not a complainer when it comes to hotels but this place was pretty bad, it was just plain dirty. The floor wasn't vacuumed, you could tell the bathroom floor and the bathtub probably hadn't been cleaned in a couple of years.The walls were filthy . The box springs were all ripped up and ripped pieces were just hanging on the floor. The hot water in the sink didn't work, only the cold. It was nice to be across the street from the V&amp;A museum but it wasn't worth staying there.	
Mar 1 2008	sneakiest hotel in UK	We booked this hotel through Hostelworld.com after stupidly checking out the fabulouse pics of the lobby and mapping the location. The location is terrific, right in the heart of Kensington near several nice boutique hotels. BUT, this dump has to be one of the worst hotels I have ever experienced! I am 58 and travel with a backpack so my standards are pretty low. My friend and I had just finished 3 weeks in Croatia walking in Istria and staying in Sobes so we were not expecting the Ritz, but this place is unbelievable. The room was 5 1/2 feet wide and 9 feet long. The toilet didn't flush and when we mentioned it to the &quot;concierge&quot; he said, so? The bed was a 3/4 size, not even a double! The breakfast was disgusting. We chatted to other guests and the consensus was that this was the very worst hotel anyone had ever stayed in. We complained to the desk about our one bed accom when we had asked for 2 and they told us to shut up or go elsewhere.	
Feb 29 2008	Hated the Eden Plaza	Our room was so tiny that we couldnot even pass each other without a collision. One of us had to sit on the bed while the other passed. The hot water was scalding and cound not be cooled with any means availble in the room--you could resort to using ice if there had been an ice machine. When these issues were pointed out they were catagorically ignored. We stayed here in 1999 so it has been a problem for over a decade.At the time this was a Best Western Hotel and I booked on phone through the 800 number.	
Feb 29 2008 	Disgusted by the Eden Plaza	I had to book a hotel, without having time to do any research, and I unfortunatley booked the Eden Plaza through Late Rooms. The place was a TOTAL disgrace.	
Feb 24 2008 	Cheap and Nasty	This hotel was booked for me as part of an arrangement for several business colleagues because it was in a convenient location. After less than an hour four of us checked out and booked into another hotel. It was so bad. The room was scruffy in the extreme. The shower curtain and tiles in the bathroom were mouldy. There appeared to be a hole above the shower stuffed with tin foil. It looked so run down and dirty I did not entertain the thought of using the bathroom. The hotel looks good from the road and the reception is not too bad, but the bedrooms (at least, mine and my colleagues) were awful.	
Feb 23 2008 	Their website is a con	This hotel's website is a con is my opinion. The hotel, let alone their rooms are not like they are advertised.Shame, as its very central, about 5 mins walk from Gloucester Road underground station and practically across the road from the Natural History Museum.The room door looked like a prison cell, toilet did not flush. The whole experience put me off purchasing breakfast there which was extra.	
Feb 17 2008	would not recommend this hotel	the room we stayed in was tiny.its more of a hostel than a hotel.the shower door was falling off and the shower itself needed a good clean.the location is ok...a bit away from the centre of london but if u dont mind getting the tubes everywhere its ok as the hotel is very close to the tube station.for the price we paid i suppose it was ok but i think id pay a bit more and stay in a nicer hotel the next time im in london	
Jan 28 2008 	The worst hotel I have ever stayed in	We booked this hotel on the advice of a major travel agent (with the initials of T and C), and I won't be doing that again! This place is the pits - the info on the website, especially the photographs, are incredibly deceptive (some might say deliberately so). We arrived admittedly an hour earlier than expected (12.00 noon, check in from 1.00pm) and were told we could use the secure luggage room. Then we were told we could not check in until 3.00pm, which I queried and was just told &quot;No, three, No, three&quot;. We returned to the hotel at about 4.00pm to check in and get our bags - the &quot;secure&quot; room was unlocked, our bags were in different spots, and when I checked my bag a securely packed insulin syringe was snapped in to and had leaked everywhere - the bag had taken a heft wallop to do that. I queried it, and got a blank look.We headed to the lift, which was rather grubby, got out on the 1st floor to be greeted with a display of grafitti on the hall wall (well done to whom ever &quot;Bad Boy 07&quot; is....), and then went to our room (109). I wouldn't have kept a dog in there....Apart from the musty, dusty smell, the place was tiny. The bed was shoved up against the windows so the only way in and out was to climb over the other person. Between the windows and the external glass doors there were piles of rotting leaves that absolutely stunk, obviously hadn't been cleaned out for months. The carpets were dirty, the bed was a wreck. Best of all was the bathroom. The shower smelled of vomit, the shower head was filthy, the shower curtain was black with mould. The sink was &quot;secured&quot; to the wall with a single rusty screw and was loose from the pedestal, the pipes running from it were covered with or packed with what appeared to be old wettened toilet roll, the toilet cistern was hanging at an angle from the wall, the whole place was a deathtrap.When I brought up my concerns with the concierge, I just got an inane grin and a shrug. Isn't is strange how a language can evade a person when that language is being used to complain....Avoid this place at all costs - it may have been a beautiful hotel at one time, but now it's an overpriced hole. I've stayed in some dubious places all over the world, but this ranks as The Worst I've ever been in.	
Jan 24 2008	Disgusting	I wish I had read the reviews on this hotel. I like many people judged the hotel by its outside and lobby pictures and was sorely disappointed. The location is great, but the hotel room was so disgusting that I was tempted to sleep in the lobby. The first room we were given had questionable stains on the bed cover and there was no room to place our luggage so we asked for another room. Although the second wasn't any better we decided to stay the night in there. I refused to walk anywhere in the room without shoes, the shower and shower curtain were completely moldy (there was no tub and the shower was simply separated from the rest of the bathroom by a shower curtain) and I refused to touch anything in the room before I went and bought disinfectant spray and sprayed the room and sheets down. The next day we checked out and went home even though we were supposed to stay another night. At first the hotel insisted on charging us for the second night, but after a few minutes of argument we were able to make our point and not have to pay. In addition to the condition of the rooms the front desk staff was rude and unhelpful. I recommend staying further out of London for the same price and just stay close to a tube stop, or pay the extra money for a better hotel.	
Jan 20 2008	How Can This Place Stay Open	We actually stayed there in 1989, but the conditions were exactly the same. The outside of the hotel is lovely, the lobby is fine, but then.... We got in the elevator with the bellman, who pressed the button -1. We wound up in a basement room which had a window that was over our heads; a bright sign glowed through the transparent curtains. There were six twin beds for the two of us, and when I sat on one the mattress sank so low my shoulders became almost level to my knees. We told the bellman we were not staying, and went back upstairs to insist on a new room. (Evidently everyone who stays there has to go through this ritual.) The bellman and the man at the front desk appeared truly amazed that we didn't like our room, but gave us a new key; for a room above ground this time. The bellman opened the door and waved us in, which seemed like such a gentlemanly gesture until we got in the room and realized traffic was strictly one way -- the room was so narrow that you could use the floor walking in, but to go in the other direction you had to walk on the beds (you also had to climb over your luggage and anyone in the room with you). We had just gotten off a long flight, it was late at night; we felt we had no choice but to stay. The bathroom was dirty with a drain in the middle of the floor...the whole room was the shower. No shower curtain, no door; just the sink, toilet and shower head. The water was either hot enough to raise blisters or cold; there was no way to combine the two. No soap, no tiny bottles of shampoo -- this was bare bones.The twin beds were lined up head to toe. There was no bedspread, and the sheets and blankets had seen better days (those days had to be many, many years before). We just lay on top of them -- these were not welcoming beds, no matter how weary the traveler. On the wall opposite the beds was a door with a full length mirror. When we went to hang up our traveling clothes we found the closet was so shallow it had room for only one wire hanger -- if you put your dress on the hanger the closet door wouldn't shut all the way.We spent most of the night flipping through the phone book trying to book another hotel for the next day. When the sun came up we went down to the desk to tell them that we would be checking out as soon as possible, and the staff seemed genuinely dumbfounded as to why. We went to the dining area for the breakfast that came with the room, and it was every bit as lovely as the rest of the experience at the Eden Plaza. Cold, hard, burnt toast served in a toast rack that was ever-so-slightly bent out of shape. The tea was cold....the best thing you could say about breakfast there was at least it got you out of your room. To stay at the Eden Park you have to pay the bill upfront -- we were much younger and more naive in those days -- but we did get all our money back. I have stayed in many hotels in my lifetime, and most are long forgotten. All these years later our memories of the Eden Plaza remain fresh, and I still entertain people with stories of this hotel of horrors (now that I have found this website I can prove to the doubters that I did not exaggerate). The end of this story is a happy one; we checked into the Cumberland, which was everything the Eden Park was -- is -- not. How can this place stay in business? The majority of the reviews posted here are virtually identical. I understand that it is usually chosen by inexperienced travel agents because it's a relatively inexpensive place to stay in a great neighborhood in a major city (where did they take the pictures for their website???), but there are serious health violations that really should be looked into. There are inexpensive hotels all over the world that manage to be clean and comfortable; there is no reason that a hotel that charges close to $200 a night can't offer the same.	
Dec 2 2007	Run Down 	On first appearance this hotel looks OK from the outside and the website of the hotel leads you to believe that it is a 3 Star hotel with &quot;elegantly decorated rooms&quot;.On checking in you are handed a business card with the hotel details and your room number is written in marker pen on the front. Sounds impressive?!!!This sets the scene for arrival in a small and pretty awful room that you would expect to find as a poor quality B&amp;B rather than a 3 Star hotel. Decoration was weary and abysmal-looks like at least 20 years since any decorating has been done.The bedroom is fairly clean and like a railway carriage rather than a bedroom. There is a TV which only seems to have Channel 4 although the hotel claims to have satellite channels. I only stayed 1 night so it didn't matter as I was only there for a short time.The bathroom again was fairly clean, but the shower structure had fallen off the wall and I had to repair that so it could be used.Bed was comfortable and clean and the rate was reasonable, but for the same money you could get a chain hotel such as Travelodge.This is barely passable for a 1 nighter, don't go for longer and don't expect much-you then will not be disappointed.	
Dec 1 2007 	Good Location.... Hotel MMMMMMMMMMM	For starters Eden Plaza is not a hotel.A hotel would have a bar the edel plaza did not have one.first the bad :stayed for 4 days midweek tue to fridayits aint the ritz but it is closer to the pits.rooms very small you could not swing a cat in it was so smallshower door was broken and hasnt been cleaned for yearssmell in the bathroom and the paint was peeling everywhere in the rooms.if you have breakfast be warned , coffee is awful and the orange juice would make you vomit and under NO CIRCUMSTANCES do not buy the full breakfast for an extra £3the good:staff at the front dest were helfullwas leaving early friday and was able to leave luggage till i was ready to go to the airport. great location the glouster road tube is 5 mins away and all the sights are close by like Harrods.want to buy cheap theatre tickets buy them at Harrods dont go to Covent garden you will get fleeced.would i stay in edel plaza again ? yes i would if your not too fussed about accomadation it worth it lets face it the bed was clean,tv worked and so did shower.Vincent O keeffe Corks 96 and 103fm radio -Rep Of Ireland	
Nov 14 2007 	Very Grubby Indeed	We complained about our room because it was very grubby, so they moved us to a 'better room'. This was just as bad, only a but bigger.If you have to stay there, sleep in the foyer it's much nicer than the rooms!Look at the photos on here!!!!!	
Oct 30 2007 	Eden Plaza almost spoiled our break.	I wish I had read the reviews on this site first. A grubby awful place with miserable unhelpful staff. The room was poorly decorated and the walls covered with stains. The bathroom was very grubby.The breakfast was served by an unhelpful waitress in conditions best described as an upmarket transport cafe. The pictures of this hotel bear little relation to the actual condition.This hotel almost spoiled what was a good short break.There are far better hotels in a similar price bracket in this area of London.	
Oct 24 2007	Don't stay here- not even if you're desperate	This was the most disgusting hotel I have ever seen in - to say it is dirty would be an understatement. Do not under any circumstances be fooled by the hotel photos ( I was and they bear no resemblance to what the Hotel is actually like). We booked to stay for 2 nights and checked out early it was so bad!!! We were greated by a less than friendly man on reception who spent more time outside smoking than he did at his desk, the walls in the corridors have paint peeling from tham as well as dirty hand prints everywhere. In our room we were met with stained mattresses, a broken window, mould and damp patches on the walls, stains on the headboard of the bed and a TV that didn't work!!!	
Sep 25 2007	bring disinfectant	Don't let the photo of the outside or lobby fool you. The room that I was given was seedy. There was mold in the bathroom, a hair in the sink, an overall feeling of grubbiness. If I'd had more than 36 hours in London I'd have found somewhere else to stay.The staff was pleasant enough but when I left I asked the desk to call a cab for the train station. They called a private contractor who asked for almost double what cab fare had been to get to the hotel!The one good thing about this hotel is it's location but if I were you, I'd find another hotel in the area.	
Sep 22 2007 	Never Ever Stay here!!!!!	This is the worst place I have ever seen, we changed rooms three times...the first because it was full of smoke from the last guest, the second was due to the bathrooms smell and the mould growing on the walls. Finanlly we settled in what the owner called there BEST room, still shocking and the bathroom smelt.... My advice is to tell everyone you know never to stay here and dont stay there yourself... I have camped in africa I can handle dirt but this was disgusting. Least I mention that cranky guys on the desk an absolute joke.	
Aug 28 2007 	Most disgusting hotel ever	This hotel is the most disgusting place i have ever stayed in my life and as a frequent overnight stayer in london i should know. I booked this hotel as it was ideally located for the major attractions and not far from town which, to be fair, its not. The photos on the website appeared to show the room as reasonable as for the price you dont expect luxury. On arrival to the hotel everything seemed adequate until you stepped into the lift which must have been made in the 1930's!Step of the lift into a corridor that is no more wide than the width of my shoulders and your heart sinks. On entering the room i was shocked to see what was supposed to be a double bed jammed into what can only be described as a cupboard with a dangerous looking TV hanging over the bed. There was literally no room for our luggage.The bathroom was appaling, there was no soap and the shower curtain was minging. The water leaked all over the bathroom which was extremely hazardous after showering.On the first night I could hear the people in the room above as if they were in the room with us it was so bad and the view out of the window was a wall.To top of a dreadful 2 night stay the staff on the morning rudely called at the room cos we where a couple of minutes late checking out, I was ready to hit someone!In all I would advise anyone thinking of staying here to keep well clear!	
Aug 14 2007 	Horrific!	The only good thing about this hotel was its location. The Science museum and Imperial College situated nearby. The hotel itself was not up to standard. Our room stunk of stale smoke and damage to the walls (holes) was evident. The room was filthy, dust / dirt everywhere and mould / grime could clearly be seen around the shower head and basin. Shower water was warm, no hot water whatsoever. Bed Pillows were dirty.Breakfast was simple. You basically get bread, tea / coffee,Cornflakes or yogurt. If you want a Hot English breakfast, you have to pay an additional amount. This is the worst hotel Ive ever stayed at. Will choose alternative accommodation next time I visit London	
Jun 27 2007 	Dire	Quite simply the worst London hotel I've stayed in. Noisy, dirty and uncomfortable. The only hotel room I've stayed in where there has been graffitti on the walls - and those were the bits that had not been replastered to keep the damp out (unpainted). No hot water in the morning. The double glazing is superfulous as the outer windows do not shut. This is a huge issue as many of the rooms face straight out onto the &quot;racetrack&quot; of Cromwell Road. Breakfast miserable. Avoid at all costs.	
Jun 22 2007 	The only thing nice about this hotel is the location.	The rooms are tiny so tiny .....in fact that if two people want to get ready at the same time....you have no chance...my husband had to get ready first then go downstairs then I was able to.........and filthy .....tell me about it.......there is a build up of grime in the bath, the walls are stained as are the fabric headboards. The lights didnt work. The TV is an out dated titchy little thing. The cupboard to hang your clothes in is a tiny hole in the wall with a mirror on the front. The furniture if you can laughingly call it that...consisted of one chair and a rickety old set of drawers with a too small drawer leaving a gap in one of the drawers. The dressing table had two very dangerous screws pointing upwards through woodwork. The net curtains were filthy I could go on and on,....the waitressess were as miserable as you can get.....and the whole holiday was spoilt because of the condition of this terrible room. The only good thing I can mention is the location.Come on Eden Plaza, you call yourself on the website a 'luxury hotel' Stop kidding yourself..shape up and give your paying guests at least a bit of cleanliness and repair your delapidated furniture.	
Jun 15 2007 	no dont do it	the location is good but the hotel is not. dirty rooms, smelly pillows ans everthing stinks of tobacco. its not nice	
Jun 4 2007	good value for money	Enjoyed our stay at the Eden Plaza very comfortable bed , nice and clean , very quiet room,and with breakfast included very good value for money.Situated in a lovely part of South Kensington close to the museums and Albert Hall. Will stay there again when in this part of London.	
Apr 6 2007	Were we just very lucky?	Oh the PANIC!!! Stupidly I booked this hotel from their website and THEN checked out the reviews. Aaaaghh!!! I was horrified and was dreading the stay, especially as I was joining my mother there whom I hadn't seen for two years!Well - we arrived to a clean bright reception, broad smile and news our two single room bookings had been upgraded to doubles. Nice start. Room 208 and 210 weren't huge but they were clean. The bed linen was crisp and clean and the beds reasonably comfortable. Tea and coffee facilities and T.Vs in good working condition. The bathrooms were in ok condition. The toilets and sinks were clean and there was soap and shampoo in both. The shower - mmmm - not up to scratch. Clean enough but there was mould around the tile grout and shower doors and the plumbing definitely needed upgrading. (electricians tape holding some parts together!) But the water was hot and neither of us thought 'I wouldn't step in there' We had 5 breakfasts throughout our stay. Every morning was the same - good continental breakfast in clean surroundings served by three very busy but smiling girls. (we didn't opt for the cooked breakfast, but it looked fine)The downsides?Well not many to be honest. Some of the front office staff did not have a good grasp of english. Luckily this didn't affect us but I can appreciate how frustrated I would have been had I had an issue not being dealt with professionally and in good spoken english. The lift is dirty. The showers need upgrading. It's a bit noisy as both rooms face a busy road. The rooms were a bit small.Overall we were quite happy. If you're fussy don't stay here. If you want a cheap hotel in a superb location, do. In fairness, for the price and location I certainly wouldn't have expected anymore.But then again, maybe we were just lucky...Marty, NZ and Ireland	
Mar 6 2007 	Nightmare	We stayed at Eden Plaza for three nights in late January 2007 and have to say we've never seen worse than this place.On the first night we returned to our room (tiny box of an excuse for a double room) to find our door ajar, one suitcase slightly open (had a security cable around it) and stuff dragged out the side of the case.We called management and staff up to confront them but were met with total denial that it was even possible for anyone to have entered the room. We don't know who entered the room but we do know someone did and to be told by staff, in the most rude and objectionable manner, that we were simply imagining it really made our blood boil.Avoid this place at all costs.	
Mar 5 2007	Caution Do not Book this Hotel	My husband and I have just retruned from a one night stop in London and thank God it was only for one night. I booked the hotel through the interenet and thought I had a good deal. The location is was perfect, the hotel on the other hand is not. On arrival the reception area was bright, modern and acceptable. We duly check in and was given the key to Room 105. We left the reception area and enter into a very dirty and non welcoming stair well. The door to 105 was not inviting, but I thought I would be positive about the room. How wrong was I. This room was dirty, small, and resembled more what I thought prison cell would be like. I went back to reception and they offered me another room. This was also unaceptable with paint peeling off, electrics looking doggy, dirty walls etc, etc. I went back to reception again. This time he gave me two keys, for two different rooms. Although these were not very much better, time was ticking on and it seemed that this was the best it was going to get. I checked the bed linen and it was cleanly laundered. We decided to make the best of a bad lot.Dont ask me how the breakfast was - we didnt stay around in the morning to find out. I caught a glimpse of the kitchen and decided that it was not wortth the risk.	
Feb 13 2007 	poor	I stayed at this hotel with my family. I was there for just one night but that too i found not amusing. Our room was somewhere between 2nd &amp; 1st floor and that too in a corner. if we take lift to 2nd floor then we had to go down some fleet of 10 stair to reach our room &amp; if we use the lift till 1st fllor, then we had to climb some 10 stairs to reach our room. With my kid's buggy, it was a problem. Thank god ..we were there for just 1 night. The only advantage i had was that the French consulate (where i had some work) was some 2min walk from our hotel. Cud'nt sleep at night as our room was facing the main road..WHEW!! wud never ever stay here again!!!!	
Jan 28 2007 	Worst I have seen	I have stayed in a lot of hotels, and this is the worst I have ever experienced. The fact that Hotwire gave this two stars is obscene.I'm not sure I can add much to the discussion that hasn't already been said.	
Nov 29 2006 	Avoid at all cost	My friend booked us in to the hotel, and when I read the reviews I tried to cancel but failed. Now for the simple factsStaff - OK, but not good, receptionist was Eastern European needed a shave, looked more of a hit-man, but did try, Manager was an Indian who was only interested to help if he could charge you for it, breakfast staff didn't want to know.The room - Horrid. Twin room, very small, in dire need of paint and was dirty. Carpets were torn and dirty, bathroom was dark and dirty, our room looked out on the Natural History Museum, but you could hear every car and bus that drove past. The corridor to room was the worst I have ever seen, 3rd floor and the carpets were more holes than carpet, walls and doors damaged and dirty. All the stairways dirty. Get the picture by now?Breakfast was a farce, on checking in we were told breakfast was served from 7.30 till 10.00, we sat down at 9.15 were given a dusty pot of tepid week tea and a rack of toast. When we tried to order a cooked breakfast we were informed that they were out of most things on the menu, and all they had was sausage and egg, and as even that appeared too much hastle for the staff so we declined, apparently the kitchen was closing even though by now it was only 9.30.I felt sorry for an Italian family next to us with young children, what kind of impression they left with of London Hotels and the UK god only knows. In summary, A tatty dirty run down hotel with nothing going for it, if I could give zero stars I would. Search the net and you will find much better hotels for this money, if in doubt stick to a travel lodge.	
Nov 9 2006	worried for nothing too	same story than few lines before. I booked a room for two nights in that hotel and read only after the comments about the hotel on trip advisor. i tried to change my booking but it was impossible. Moreover it was for a week end with my lover so i stayed anxious during 5 weeks, trusting this week end would become hell!!! In fact it was correct. rooms are small, but ours was clean, not too noisy, and for a week end it was ok. the receptionist was not that horrible. we did not taste the breakfast. I have stayed in many hotels in london and this one is far from some horrible hotels i have visited. moreover it is cheap in regards of the street where it is located. So i think you have what you pay for, really.	
Oct 13 2006 	Fine	Well, it wasn't that bad after the reviews I read. Although the staff was very kind and my room had the window with a good view... There are some details to bear in mind.I didn't dare to have a shower that night (I only stayed there for a night and I came back home)... The idea of step in that floor... If only I could have had my flip-flops with me!! The tap of the shower also was a bit... :S And the dryer... that was funny, it's better not have any if it's going to be like that, LOL. It could be in a museum, so imagine how old and weird it was (pics)...But the bed was very nice and comfortable, and I felt very lucky of being so close to the museums, it was a very nice location.Oh, and just for laughts... unfortunately, in the moment I was there, there were some building work at the facade, so when I woke up I had some workers at my window!! (I got a funny fright...)By the way, I followed some advices of reviewers and I asked for NO ground floor or basement rooms.	
Oct 13 2006 	Where to start?! Too disgusting for words!	My husband and I stayed at the Eden Plaza the weekend just gone, for two nights.That is the last time I trust Octopustravel!The rooms shown on the websites do not exist, unless the owner has had one room refurbished for the purpose of luring people in. I wouldn't let my dog stay in this hotel, and this isn't hyperbole; I really wouldn't.From the outside, it looks pleasant enough. Then you get into reception and get that sinking feeling; where are all of the nice flowers and sofas that were shown on the website? Then you get into the lift and your tummy sinks even further! By the time we got to the room, I wasn't expecting much so at least I wasn't given a coronary by what awaited us.The door wasn't even a fire door, so that made us uneasy to begin with. The carpet looked like it was last vacuumed sometime in the 18th century, and was coming away from the skirting boards. The bed was pushed up against a wall and then there was about half a metre's gap between the bed and the other wall. My husband had to climb over me in the night to use the bathroom! The 'headboard' was a rectangle of carpet glued to the wall behind the bed. It was filthy. The bathroom was also foul. I felt dirtier after using the shower than before using it. We hated it so much that on both nights we didn't come back in until the early hours and then we left the room as early as possible. I couldn't face breakfast as I dread to think what state the kitchens were in. If they don't care what the rooms or reception look like, what are the back of house areas like?!How this hotel got 3 stars is a mystery. The hotel owner must be paying someone off at the tourist board because I wouldn't award it one star. I usually stay at the International Students House in Great Portland Street. Trust me, this place is cleaner, cheaper and has bigger rooms than the revolting Eden Plaza. It needs closing down before someone catches typhoid or some other disease.There were no good points about this hotel, I'm afraid. I'd urge anyone thinking of staying here to seriously consider staying elsewhere. I would happily pay an extra £50 a night to never have to stay in a hotel of this sort again. Don't let your stay in London be ruined by staying in such a dump. It's not worth it.	
Oct 12 2006 	Worst hotel we ever stayed at...	We stayed there in August of 2000. It was overpriced, dirty, the rooms were small compared to the pics online, the service was way below what it should have been. The area is excellent, but do yourself a favor, don't stay there. I waited a long time to take my family to London, which is fabulous. Don't ruin your trip by stayind at the Eden Plaza in Kensington	
Aug 24 2006 	Stay Away	Booked with Lastminute. Very disapointing, the worse I have never seen in my whole life. Please see attaches pictures.A conseiller à votre pire ennemi, oui ! Les photos parlent d'elles-mêmes.	
Jul 7 2006	Please Don't Book a Room at the Eden Plaza Hotel	Please think twice before you stay at the Eden Plaza Hotel. Yes, it is located in a great section of London with impressive museums and the tube station close by. We were fooled by the on-line photos of the hotel. The reception people were not friendly or helpful. The only people who smiled at us were the breakfast servers each morning.We were shocked to find out how small the rooms were. My son and I shared a room, and I literally had to step on the bed in order to let him pass by me to get to the bathroom. Speaking of the bathroom, there was mold in the shower, and clean towels were not provided on a daily basis unless I called the front desk to complain. There was no ventilation in the room, no air conditioning, and being on the fourth floor in 90 degree weather made sleeping at night next to impossible. The entire room needed re-decorating and a professional cleaning. I really don't know how this hotel stays in business. I think guests will go there once and NEVER AGAIN!	
Jun 28 2006	Really Unpleasant	We've chosen this hotel by its great location -- between Gloucester and South Kensington stations... what a bad choice! :-( In the 'lastminute' site we've paid fully for 4 nights around 50 pounds/day what was a good deal for London (we've stayed there early this month). Honestly, we've not slept at all as it was extremely noisy and the room was claustrophic, really tiny. Also, that week was very hot in London, around 30 C, so our nights were even worst since there was no ventilation in the room. Big holes in the carpet, construction outside, small double bed. The only think that worked well was the shower.Well, think twice before going to this place!	
Jun 6 2006	Worst hotel ever	Internet pictures on Eden Plaza shows a nice entrance, red carpet, flowers etc. and interior pictures goes in the same direction.You get the impression of a small, nice hotel.The truth is complete different and I have not seen a better example on falsh marketing.I enclose pictures from our tripple room and I dont think they need further explanation.Just a couple of completing details.The room is very narrow and there is not much space to put luggage or move in, the double bed is small and squeed in a small space.The room are worned, schratches on the walls, carpet is shabby, damp damages in toilet and shower.View zero as construction is going on outside.I talked to the manager Mr Ansoor Popat and tried to make him understand that entice customer with nice pictures on Internet and then deliver the opposite is falsh marketing and I wanted a compensation. Mr Popat tried to get round facts and answered that this was my opinion and that the Internetpictures was taken before construction, he also said that the price was very attractive etc etc.We got no compensation, left the hotel after one night and was also forced to pay for an extra night.They also charge in advance!The only positive thing was a nice and freindly staff and I hope they get a better job and management.Stay out of this hotel!	
Jun 6 2006	Worst hotel ever visited	Eden Plaza is market on Internet and hotel sights as a small freindly hotel, red carpet in entrance, flowers, interior pictures shows nice lobby and room.The truth is the complete opposite!The hotel is worned down, outside is under construction, rooms are in a terrible condition.Mr Mansoor Popat is the manager and responsible does not take responsability for the fact that he is marketing a product that does not exist.This is a school example on falsh marketing and I am surprised that hotel sights have bought this!Eden Plaza charge everything in advance????We moved after one night but were forced to pay an extranight, Mr Popat was not interested or willing to compensate us in any way.Enclosed pictures explains everything but just som additional details.Dust all over, dump damages in bath and toilet, holes in ceiling, schratches on wallsThe tripple room does not give room for 3 persons it is narrow, dark, unpleasant and scruffy.The sattelite TV has approx 4 channels.	
May 16 2006	DUMP would be a compliment to this place	I decided to take a trip around Europe, stopping in London, Rome and Paris.Eden Plaza was the first stop on my trip, and man was this place HORRIBLE, I know what people in the Jewish concentration camp felt, it was NASTY, DARK, UNFRIENDLY STAFF, especially the Indian staff, and I am Indian.DO NOT even go there on a DARE, its like something out of a horror movie, they put you in the basement and call it a room. I was expecting spiders, rats and roaches we run pass as at night. Can't sleep in that trash of a hotel.When I was there, in 5 minutes two groups that checked in came down, complain, and ask to change their room.Well I did the same, change my room, from the basement to the 6th Floor and let me tell you, the room in the basement is the same as the room upstairs, they all dumps, u can stand in the middle of the room and stretch out your arm and it will touch all 4 walls in that room. It is that small.RUN is the appropriate word when it comes to this place.If you see it in a package deal, do not take it, spend a little more and stay somewhere nice.	
May 10 2006	A Nightmare	This Hotel is announced by Ryan Air. And they entitle themselves a LUXURY HOTEL. It's the first time we understand that LUXURY means NIGHTMARE. We asked a twin bedroom. It has been supplied. Underground level, no window or natural light. Beds were twin. In a room looking like a corridor, beds head to feet, not side by side. No change of linen or towels everyday. Wake up call forgot. Deposit of 10,00 pounds for lending a battery charger. Air conditioned not working. Remote control for TV set (that was up there, in the wall almost out of reach), non existent.IF YOU WANT TO KNOW HELL GO THERE. IF YOU DON'T, STAY AWAY.	
May 9 2006	Leave well alone	My wife and I have over 12 years of flight attendant service between us, therefore we've stayed in many hotels, we stayed for 3 nights in Eden Plaza, if it weren't for the location I think we'd have left as soon as we got there. The room we stayed in was tiny. The carpet had a hole in it with the torn edges folded back, surely a health and safety issue. The shower cubicle had mould, the drain in the shower must have collapsed at some point and been very badly reinstated. The light above the mirror was covered in rust. The whole room was dirty. We were both extremely unimpressed with the hotel and would advise all travellers to stay well away from this dank hole.	
Apr 7 2006	Worried for nothing	I booked one night at the Eden Plaza the night beforemy stay and paid in full.When I saw the reviews I felt sick. Knowing there was no chance of getting my money back I couldn't decide whether to just book somewhere else {It was my own fault for not checking tripadvisor first}or risk it.I decided to take a look.I stood outside and thought it looked ropey but when I went in everything was fine.The staff were lovely ,the room (402) was ok a bit shabby but spotlessly clean,breakfast was plentiful.The location was brilliant.I got what I paid for and I was quite happy.	
Jan 30 2006	Give it a miss	This hotel is dirty, cramped and unpleasant. Our room was just big enough to allow 2 people to stand up in. There was a 6inch gap between the bed and the wall (one side only). The carpets, soft furnishings and walls were dirty. The bathroom was filthy and and there wasn't enough room in the showerroom to put the bathmat down. Stay away unless you aer desperate. The only plus points are the location -next to Nat History Museum - and it's cheap, but not enough to recommend going into this hovel.	
Jan 21 2006	Stay Away from This One	We stayed here for one night (thank goodness it wasnt longer) We were a party of 7 so booked x2 double rooms and one triple. The triple was a double bed in one small area and a single in a separate &quot;room&quot; divided by ensuite. This would have been adequate except that the toilet didnt flush the shower didnt work and there was no ventilation. The two double rooms were severely cramped with a bed which took up all the floor space. Again the bathrooms were disater areas. Tiles were missing from the shower floor and the ones that remained lifted as they stuck to the bottom of feet while attempting to shower with a drizzle of water. Windows wouldnt open and the heating was up so high that the rooms smelt offensively. Two of our party (from different rooms) became physically sick by morning and our complaints regarding the heat were essentially ignored other than a waft of the hand and explanation that the heating had just been fixed because the week earlier all rooms were freezing. The lobby was fine so we spent most of our hotel stay in the lobby. The original booking staff member was friendly but he disappeared shortly after we paid and the rest of the staff were &quot;silent&quot; on all things.The location was excellent but would only recommend this hotel if you are prepared to sleep in the loby.	
Dec 21 2005	Cheap and good location but damp and delapidated	I am really disappointed in this hotel where we stayed last Saturday night. Yes it was cheap and yes it had a good location but the first room we were allocated had one entire room covered in damp and the window looked into of a storeroom with a very offensive sign on the door... nice! To be fair, they did let us change rooms, to a very small staircase room, which was clean but very delapidated - tiles beginning to come off the showerroom wall, some of the wall lights not working and the wardrobe door was hanging off.On the positive side, the continental breakfast was plentiful and tasty.We won't be staying there again.	
Nov 4 2005	It depends on what you want	Let's be realistic here. If you are looking for a clean, cheap room in a great location, you might want to consider the Eden Plaza. If you use their website and book with one of their cheap online rates and if you can stand a small room, this is not a bad choice. But if you want more than hostel standards, go somewhere else. I did not have the bad experience with staff or lack of cleanliness that several people complained of in other reviews--and I looked at three rooms before accepting a twin which they gave me at the single rate because I was so unhappy with the size of the single. (It reminded me of those stacked cages in Japan with room for a cot and an alarm clock, except in this single there was not room for a bedside table on which to put an alarm clock.) The staff tried their best to make me happy.Just be forewarned that if you want a pleasant or charming English hotel that you will enjoy returning to at the end of the day, this is not it. If you want cheap, clean, and well-located and you can tolerate a small room, this is worth considering.	
Nov 1 2005 	Was told was better than the Stuart Hotel	Well I should no by now, after reading the reviews wasn't expecting much but just had to experience it for myself. Thank god was only for 1 night, well what can I say but is on par with the Stuart hotel, i.e a dump. Dirty carpets, dirty showers that look like school showers, beds with holes in sheets, tremendosuly noisy too with noisy backpackers.On the plus point does have a lift though is covered in swear words.Again, stay away. Only reason I stayed there was that had no where else to stay and was checkin in at 11.45 pm anyway.	
Oct 25 2005	Careful book and cancellation	Thanks for writting the reviews about this hotel. I booked for go in September but the next day I read the reviews and decided cancelled the reservation with 15 days before check-in day!!!!! 15 days after the hotel blocked my credit card for the total amount I couldn't used. I booked in ----	
Oct 10 2005	Not recommendable!	Stayed there with my family for 3 nights, we were just happy to get a same day booking budget hotel, due to sudden unexpected reasons for our stay.We had one doble room and one twin: The inventory was worn and some items missing, but the bedclothes were clean and the beds OK.Bathrooms: Both bathrooms had a mouldy smell, and in the twin room there was no mechanical extract ventilation, and that explains it all.Breakfast: was not included in the price. Cont. breakfast 5 pounds and english 7,50 pounds. Found it a bit pricey for the quality. The breakfast room was clean, though.There are better hotels in London at this price category (50 pounds per room + breakfast), so I would not consider this hotel prior to another planned visit.	
Oct 3 2005	crampy durty noisy = nightmare	This centrally located London Hotel has 62 elegantly decorated, compact en-suite rooms with all modern amenities, including tea / coffee making facilities and TV with satellite channels and a lift to all floors, to mention a few. That's said about the hotel but it is definitively NOT TRUE!!! For the money you pay, you'd never ever get the value!!We were given a room on the 2th floor (room 205) which was a matchbox size room with a double bed - it was scruffy, dirty and the tiny shower/toilet was a health hazard. We thought that we had gone to the slums!!The next day while having breakfast, within 2 minutes the wallet of my boyfriend had been stolen and nobody of the staff or the guest had seen anything. It seemed that they weren't really interested in what had happenend and it gave us the impression that such thefts might happen on a quite regular basis. We were only given help by the receptionist but he simply forgot inform his successor.I fully agree with all the reviews.	
Sep 20 2005	I've never been treated so badly in my life	My two sisters and me booked a room for three for a one night stay. Indeed the hotel looked rundown from the outside but the entrancehall looked nice. We checked in but we're told we could not yet see our room as it was not ready yet. Fine. At 11pm we came back and we were treated like unwanted irritating people when we asked for a key to our room!!! Apparently the clerck at the check in didn't do anything (no paperwork was filled out) and we were 'ofcourse' to blame that things were not in order for the administration. Finally we got the key and were refered to the basement. It was dark, small, stained, .... We didn't dare sit on any of the chairs. There was a big brown stain on the wall that the bed stood against. 1 blanket and holes in the sheets. Morning breakfast was fine. Check out, again, was agressive and very very unfriendly. I've never been treated so badly in my life. Don't go there, it's not worth the humiliation.	
Aug 18 2005	Do not book this Hotel	I booked this Hotel through Hotel-Club on the internet for my 2nd Wedding Anniversay. The pictures looked nice and was given a 3* rating so thought it would suit, boy was I wrong....... on check in, they never had my details but was told it was OK as they kept rooms for emergency cases! We were given a room on the 4th floor which was a matchbox size room with a double bed - it was scruffy, dirty and the tiny shower/toilet was a health hazard. My husband complained and we were moved to room 106 on the first floor, which was a million times better than the previous one but not the kind of standard you expect for a hotel. They should be ashamed. I wish I had seen this site before I booked!!! DO NOT BOOK THIS HOTEL	
Jul 4 2005	Never Never book this hotel	Having checked into this hotel on the evening of Live8 and paid in full - we came back to find that the Eden Hotel given away our room and we were told to leave.	
Jun 1 2005	Terrible	This hotel is a disgrace and the many online sites which list it as a possibility to stay in should be removed from the internet.	
May 31 2005	Would not wish this upon my worst enemy	Booked this hotel through AAA via DER, who said that it was a 3 star hotel. They must have a different rating system in Europe, because by US standards this would rank down there with some hole-in-the-wall motels in some far outlying areas, if you catch my drift. All of the pictures in the brochures for this place must have been taken about 15 years ago after a decent makeover, because the place, even on the outside, looks run down. Even getting to your room is an experience, since the &quot;lift&quot; is very dinky and probably about the slowest I've ever been on. We stayed in room 310, which ended up being as big as our master bathroom. The room was about 8.5 ft. long by about 7 ft. wide. With two of us in there we were actually tripping over each other. The bed was a queen size thrown on top of a full size box spring, so one side of the bed just kinda flopped there. The headboard was stained from many greasy heads leaning against it. The bathroom had a stench of mildew to it, probably coming from the growths of it in the shower. The next morning, after asking for a wakeup call, we noticed we had no phone in our room (granted, there was very little room for one). Complained to the front desk, but was unable to get a phone (Sat. Night), since he did not have the keys to the phone stash. Had some friends try and contact us many times, but since we had no phone, they tried to leave messages. The reception began getting snippy and rude with them because of the multiple phone calls. Also, only one message was ever given to us, even though at least 3 were supposedly left. Breakfast was OK, but for what you pay, you should at least get something to write home about that is positive. I would not recommend that anyone stay here, and I would verify pretty much all of the other reviews, except for the neutral one. There must only be a handful of rooms on the ends that are of the size pictured in their brochures or that this person stayed in, but I will grant you that there are not many of them and the chances that you will get one are slim and none. I wish I would have read the other reviews before booking, but I did read them before I went, which lessened the blow slightly. In summary, try another hotel in South Kensington. There are MANY others to choose from.	
May 9 2005	what an awfull place	We had booked this hotel for a 3 night stay through an agency. It was listed as 3 STARS.when we arrived we were shown to our room. We looked in shock to that tiny depressing dark basement room. And instead of two beds there was only a small bed. The bathtube was covered with mold. When we complained to the reception they sais they were fully booked. So we asked the agency to relocate us in a decent hotel.I fully agree with all the reviews.Do not stay in this place.	
Mar 30 2005	Horrible rooms	Even though the lobby and breakfasts at this hotel (close to the Museum and Nature and Science and the V and A) were acceptable, the rooms are old a state of disrepair. They are hot and it is not advisable to open the windows (if you could) because of the outside noise. THey also seemed dirty and had an unpleasant oder.	
Mar 21 2005	No eden to be found here!	Owner seems to believe that travelers can be lured by a hairdrier, or TV set, or coffee pot in the room. What I look for when I travel is a clean place. THe carpet here was so filthy I didn't dare walk barefeet! The shower curtain with humidity stains ... a nightmare! The hotel has a good location opposite the Natural Sciences Museum, but that's it. I should have read Tripadvisor before booking!	
Feb 26 2005	Must have been lucky	Having read the other reviews on this website I was on the verge of cancelling my one night stay at the eden plaza but went through with it.£50 for a double room off lastminute for me and my partner. This is no way a 3 star hotel. but I was happy with my stay. The room was massive!!! In fact it was like an appartment with two bedrooms in it (room 307) and a perfect view of the Natural History Meuseum. The room was basic, hole in the carpet, shower room in need of decorating, but for one night I think it was money well spent.I must have been lucky, but if your looking for a perfectly positioned place to stay on the cheap then the eden fits the bill. I agree that it's more of a hostel feel than a hotel, but if you'd rather spend your money on London fun than a fancy hotel then this is for you. Ask for 307!!!!	
Jan 22 2005	The Memory Stays With Me	I agree with all of the reviews here. This hotel ruined what could have been a great trip even though I was only there for a few hours. Upon walking into the hotel, I thought that it really WAS a nice hotel and worth the money. And then I went upstairs to my room. I thought that I had gone to the slum hotel upstairs but no....I was indeed still in the lovely Eden Plaza Hotel. If I hadn't come across the hotel down the street, I would've spent the night on the park bench across the street. To this day, the memory of the Eden Plaza makes me sick to my stomach. Thank goodness I hadn't gotten sick there, because the toilet in the mildewed bathroom was not working. I hope against hope that this review saves someone else's trip from becoming what mine was. DO NOT GO TO THE EDEN PLAZA!!!	
Nov 21 2004	Only for single occupancies	I agree with most of the previous reviews. Rooms and beds are very small. It's ok if you're alone, it's a problem if there are two of you. Breakfast is basic. Staff is not that bad, after all, but it's true that Customer satisfaction is not paramount. Recommended only for very short stays, for single travellers.	
Oct 19 2004	Listen to the reviews - they are true - Don't Stay Here!	Please listen to the reviews of this hotel - Do not stay here - I have just returned and have read the reviews of this hotel - and what every review says is true. My room was small, the phone ripped off my wall, dripping, dripping dripping tap - which i complained about - nothing was done - a toilet that still had the last person's remains in it! and was obviously blocked (this they fixed!) - my hotel stay was pre-paid so I had no option but to stay...I then went off on tour and had to come back to this hotel. This time I had a phone in my room - but it wouldn't ring when they tried to connect calls to my room.....friends called the hotel stating my name and they told them there was no person by that name at the hotel. Run down, run down, run down....not of hotel standard - backpacker standard yes....but not hotel. Do NOT stay here. Listen to the reviews they are true!	
Oct 15 2004	Backpackers Only	The Eden Plaza website says it has 62 elegantly decorated compact en-suite rooms. Elegant only if your taste is mouldy walls, cracked tiles, views of brickwalls, and curtains that look like the previous occupant used them in the bathroom ! Hot and cold running water that didnt drip all night would have been good also. Very cheap but also very smelly, dirty, hot, and cramped. Your best bet would be to sleep in the very clean and tidy reception area.London has too many hotels on offer to have to endure this, do yourself a favour and keep looking	
Oct 11 2004	Hostel masquerading as a hotel		
Oct 5 2004	Listen to the reviews		
Sep 25 2004 	Oh my God This is in Kensington????		
Sep 23 2004	Please read the reviews I was 		
Sep 19 2004	Don`t waste your money!!!		
Sep 8 2004	Crummy smelly and small rooms; noisy hotel		
Aug 1 2004	Not worth it		
Aug 1 2004	Not So Great hotel....GREAT NEIGHBORHOOD		
Feb 18 2004	Don't stay here		
Sep 10 2009 	Vergonzoso		
Sep 8 2009 	Hotel deprimente		
Sep 3 2009	Zimmer sehr klein neu renoviert und sauber		
Aug 6 2009 	C'est cheap mais pratique		
Jul 26 2009 	Excelente ubicación atención y calidad del hotel		
Jul 23 2009 	volveria		
Jun 5 2009 	Santo cielo!		
Apr 23 2009 	Desastroso		
Dec 31 2008	Vieillot modeste mais commode		
Aug 29 2008	Un hotel penoso que no os engañen		
Aug 20 2008 	hum hum... hôtel vraiment limite....		
Aug 16 2008 	Hôtel très moyen		
Aug 12 2008 	Menuda mierda de hotel		
May 31 2008 	Menuda luna de miel!		
Feb 19 2008 	Il est où l'eden là-dedans ??...		
Jan 27 2008 	el peor hotel de mi vida		
Jan 6 2008	A EVITER c'est une horreur!!!		
Nov 26 2007 	Un engaño de hotel		
Oct 29 2007 	lo mas asqueroso que he visto		
Oct 19 2007	Hotel horrible igual a una pocilga		
Oct 15 2007	Pas horrible ni merveilleux		
Oct 8 2007 	Horroroso y asqueroso		
Aug 18 2006 	Mauvais choix :(... Heureux de partir :)		
Jul 5 2006	Decepcionante		
May 29 2006	no vayais		
