Nov 25 2009 	Reasonable quality for London	Was given room 202. The room itself, for a central London hotel was very good. Unfortunately our room was on a level with a large expanse of flat roof, which in turn housed the extractor fans. Some were cutting in and out especially in the early hours. Then again a day in London is exhausting so personally I got used to the noise after a night and slept like a log in a luxurious bed.The room was clean and tastefully decorated. When you book, include the breakfast which is continental. £5 extra will see you with a full English. Otherwise a full breakfast will set you back £25. One other thing regarding breakfasts - the 'full English' plates are laughably small and more like side dishes. They certainly don't want you to get much. Reception was excellent and very helpful. Staff were nice. The tube is about 300 metres away. Harrods is just around the corner All in all, for a central London hotel (apart from the usual extortionate London price), I'd recommend it.	
Nov 21 2009 	OK - but nothing more.	Overall the experience of staying here was OK, but the air conditioning didn't work, meaning that our room was too hot. I'm always amazed too, when 4 star hotels do not have basics like an iron and ironing board in the room - just a corby trouser press! In fairness, these were delivered promptly on request.The property itself is not one of the better examples of the Millennium estate and is now beginning to feel somewhat tired and dated - particularly at GBP 200+ per night.	
Nov 11 2009 	Excellent Food Great Staff	This hotel sits in an outstanding location (walk to Hyde Park, V&amp;A, West End, Sloane Square and other highlights). The rates are competitive and the food is outstanding- breakfast offers a comprehensive array and MU Restaurant is most innovative in terms of tapas across a broad spectrum. Chef Knight (?) deserves wide recognition for his creative flair.	
Nov 4 2009 	Small but comfortable great location; BYOB (bring your own blow dryer!)	Overall this was a good stay; I have few complaints. The Knightsbridge Millennium was on a short list of hotels recommended by our London business colleagues. We chose it for price (a good online rate relative to similar hotels) and location (close to work, but also, luckily, a good spot for shopping and sightseeing, too). Like most hotels in Europe I've been to, the room was small by American standards, but except for a bit of minor wear and tear, it was a very good business-class room. It had nice furniture, plenty of mirrors, and an adequate number of electrical outlets (including one 110V outlet) under the desk plus one by the door. The water pressure in the tub/shower was fantastic, as was the bathroom lighting and magnifying mirror. I was next to the elevator, and yet I never heard it. The hot pot was excellent and I enjoyed my tea! The only in-room coffee was instant -- not for me. The small mini bar had enough room to store an extra drink or a yogurt. The room temperature was comfortable, though my colleague in a corner room could not seem to get warm. Two blocks from Harrods (don't miss the Food Halls!) and the Knightsbridge Tube stop, and one more long block to Hyde Park -- plus all the shopping and dining options on Brompton Street (and Sloane Street if Gucci and Prada are your speed). Drawbacks: #1. The 1000-watt blow dryer is in the desk drawer. This would not be a big deal if you could just take it out of the drawer, but the cord is permanently attached there. Worse yet, you have to continuously hold the On button down for it to work. Move your finger/thumb, and the power goes off. Who wants to start every day with a hand cramp from holding down a button?! #2. Although the desk staff were great, some of the other staff were over-eager. The bell staff whisked my bags away while I was still paying my cab fare. Made me pretty nervous to have my bags disappear from my sight like that without my permission. The housekeeping staff entered my room on three separate occasions without so much as knocking first -- quite disturbing -- sure glad I was dressed! (The first two times were within minutes of each other and the third was when I was just leaving for the day). I learned quickly to use the chain lock while in the room (there is no deadbolt). BTW, I also noticed the teacups and spoons were not always clean. I think they are just being rinsed out in the bathroom sink. #3. Prices for internet access and breakfast are exorbitant. Yes, of course hotel meals are expensive and in London everything is even more expensive, but $45 (U.S.) for breakfast blows my entire meal budget for the business day. Fortunately there are plenty of nearby markets and cafes for a bite to eat at more reasonable prices, and the Gloucester pub across the street is great for a basic lunch or dinner. Other than these few drawbacks, I had a very good stay.	
Oct 29 2009 	good for shopping!!	i went with my boyfriend and stay 4 nights. The room was small but very clean and with fastastic view(louis vuitton) hehehehehe!Harrods are nearby and all the boutiques are in front of you..i think that is a good hotel but not something special without noise and in a very good street for shopping!	
Oct 12 2009 	Poor Rooms	I regularly travel to London on business and always try and a range of hotels dependent on location and price. I paid £130 for a double room at the hotel and have to say I was disappointed. The positives are the location which is great for shopping or a nice walk and the reception staff are friendly and the area is very modern and clean. The negatives lie with the actual rooms. The room itself was very small and the bathroom is also very cramped. The room had a stale smell which was quite offputting when entering. The internet is very expensive when you are paying so much for a room and the TV had few channels on and the reception was poor.	
Sep 13 2009 	Great Location Can't beat it for Shopping	Can't beat the location if you like to go to the shops. Harrods is 2 blocks away. Room was clean and comfortable. I typically stay in Keningston, but this hotel was so easy to find and everyone at the desk was so easy to deal with. Did not opt for the breakfast as it was expensive, same with internet use. Definitely would stay here again, good deal for the moneyt	
Sep 9 2009 	An Incredible Experience!	What a magnificent hotel and located in the most perfect place in London. Central to all attractions and so easy to get to anywhere you want to go. The best thing about this hotel is the staff - really friendly and efficient - always ready to make your experience at the hotel one to remember. I can highly recommend this hotel to anyone coming to London!	
Sep 1 2009 	5 Star Service at a 4 Star Hotel	Impressed at effort and courtesy provided by reception staff to make me feel comfortable, as well as service I received at restaurant - everything seemed very well organised. Internet facilities not up to scratch, very poor for modern hotel.	
Sep 1 2009 	Very happy stay	Great location, smart reception and clean bedrooms. I saw a few when they were being cleaned and they looked similar, unlike some hotels that mix up old and new.The staff were fine and really pretty friendly. Didnt have dinner there but breakfast was a good choice up on the first floor up a flight of spiral stairs.I was abit worried because of the reports on here and it's not the cheapest 4 star hotel in town but I guess that is because of where it is.I'd go back for a weekend in London and was quite surprised to think that after reading here. I'd be happy to go back.	
Aug 28 2009 	Needs Update and a bit of TLC	Overall it was an OK experience. Solid deal when booked through a 3rd party booking agent. However, be aware at that an 11m room is tiny. A double bed her is also quite small, so for two persons with luggage (more than one bag each) you may not fit in this room.The rooms are tired. It's time for some attention to detail. Paint, carpets and overall maintenance. Halls have areas where pictures once hung, but are now gone. Doors are scuffed adding to the overall feeling of needing a good scrub. My personal pet peeve is the anti skid texture in bath tubs.. when you can see the pattern in brown.. it's not clean. It's time for a good scrub. 2 rooms we occupied had that same issue.Staff is distant and friendly if engaged. After a stay exceeding a week, not a good morning or happy hello from anyone. Averted eyes and busy work at their desk or watching you as you come and go. Such a missed opportunity to engage guests and make sure their stay is good.Internet here is expensive with the current exchange rate, and not dependable. There is even a charge to print boarding passes... Not a hotel centered on service.A couple of pluses are the location and the one kind desk clerk who checked us in at 8 am... many hotels would not do this.	
Aug 27 2009 	not great!	Stayed here last month, had previously stayed in the Westbury Mayfair and thought we'd give this place a try, staff on front desk were below average in the costomer relations dept, room &amp; bed were silly (more like a single room), I asked at front desk if this was the correct room and was met with a blunt &quot;yes&quot;, having payed £160/night the experience was very poor. If your looking for a hotel with poor staff and a tiny room then this is the place for you, otherwise checkout the Westbury! Also worth noting is the hotel caters mostly for middle eastern guests.	
Aug 22 2009 	Hotel with theives as visitors!	I stayed one night in this hotel as it was close to the tube station and in a supposedly posh location. The hotel room was small and the internet was not working. The next morning while checking out my laptop bag gets nicked in the middle of the hotel lobby! The bag was right next to me and I was holding on to it. I just leaned over the reception counter for a few seconds to see some brochoure and in this time my bag was gone. When I alerted this to the hotel authorities they went inside to check the CCTV footage to see if they could find out who was standing around me at that time. Apparently a man had entered from one enterence of the hotel, followed me around and then stood right behind me while I was settling my bill at the reception. Just as I leaned over the reception he picked my bag and literaly walked out of the hotel! All this had happend in a time span of 3 minutes - from his entering the hotel to the time he left the hotel with my bag. I was later told that this has happened before as well. I will never ever even think of staying here again where thieves can walk in, steal things and then walk out. All in the middle of the bloddy lobby!!	
Aug 12 2009 	Not what we expected	We were looking forward to spending the last night of our long European vacation in this hotel. Upon arrival, we were greeted very cordially by the concierge. We were given the two rooms that we had booked, but the rooms were not what the hotel had confirmed and not what we had asked and paid for. Instead of two rooms with two twin beds each, we were given two rooms with one full size bed each. This was barely enough space (my husband is 6'2&quot;) and we spent our last night in London in discomfort. To compound the situation, doors slammed loudly all night, beginning at around 2 a.m. We were due for an early, 11 hour flight back to Los Angeles and this was not appreciated. We complained to the front desk about the room/bed situation, but the gentleman was not only unwilling to help, he was not very polite. We showed him a copy of the confirmation from the hotel, but he shrugged his only shrugged his shoulders and said there's nothing he can do, the hotel is booked. So why promise a room type when you can't deliver? We will definitely not stay at this hotel again and would not recommend it.	
Aug 1 2009	Shame we could not get any sleep!	I booked this hotel as a treat for my mother's birthday. I was taking her to Buckingham Palace and thought it would round our trip off to stay the night in London. Unfortunately we did not get any sleep. The banging of doors seemed to go on all through the night , and we lost count of the number of times we got out of bed and went to look to see if we could work out what on earth was going on. On one occasion there was a women stood in the doorway of the next room and when we asked if she was bothered about the banging she said she had not noticed. We were surprised and wondered why she was stood in the doorway. Eventually at approx 5am I gave up and rang down to reception to complain. They said they would send someone up but we did not hear anyone come.On check out the receptionist printed our invoice and handed it to me. I waited for her to ask if we had enjoyed our stay but no, not a smile or comment was made. So as I passed the invoice back I made my complaint and was asked to wait to speak with the duty manager. He proceeded to apologise and say it was the summer season and there were lots of families staying but , as I said ,it was doors banging shut we heard no voices! Funnily enough the room next door had a do not disturb sign on it when we left. As a foot note as we waited for the lift down to reception a chambermaid was entering a room and she just let it slam shut behind her with a bang!The manager did reduce our bill but sadly our trip was ruined and we left for home early as my poor mother was exhausted.	
Jul 30 2009 	Fantastic Location Tiny bed	We booked our stay via Lastminute.com and got a very good deal.The Hotel is in a fantastic location, and is smartly presented.It is a great base from which to do all your shopping, and is close to the tube, so you can reach the all parts of London very easily.On our arrival the concierge was extremely helpful, and was a credit to the hotel. The ladies on the desk when we arrived were a little too involved in tasks to welcome us, and a smile wouldn't have gone amiss. The service was sufficient, but not what i would of expected from a 4* Hotel.On entering the room we were pleasantly suprised by the decor and bathroom. Unfortunately, the bed was tiny. It was a fraction bigger than a single bed. Niether myself or my partner are particularly wide or tall but it was a bit of a squeeze!The choice of Breakfast was extensive, and it tasted great. The only concern i have is that the staff are so keen to tidy up that you daren't leave anything half finished or lying around. On checking out the lady on the desk was really pleasant, and attentive. Overall, we enjoyed our stay but would think twice about booking again simply because of the size of the bed, which is a real pity as it is ideally situated for future visits we have planned.Anthony M	
Jul 28 2009 	BRILLIANT!!!! Nice and Cosy - Good Location	We stayed here for two nights. It was a wonderful weekend and the service we received was excellent. The staff were very friendly and extremely helpful. The size of the room was ok, but cosy, very comfortable and clean. The hotel is located in the heart of bustling Central London where the mainstream shops and restaurants are, and a minute walk to Knightsbridge station. Taxi's were readily available upon request, or alternatively you could hail one down with ease by merely standing outside the front. Breakfast was good with a broad selection for all tastes. the atmosphere was peaceful and again the staff were very helpful.We would definately come back and would recommend anyone to stay here.	
Jul 10 2009	Great location and service	We found the Millennium Knightsbridge to be a very pleasant place to stay. The location can't be beat wtih easy access to the Tube, restaurants and shopping. The concierge desk was outstanding and helped us with restaurant suggestions, directions and advice during a Tube strike. We found the front desk to be polite and helpful, and we did not have problems with our room key. The room, while admittedly a bit tired, was clean and comfortable. We had plenty of space for two people.	
Jul 5 2009 	A very nice stay	Stayed for work - great location in Knightsbridge. Upon check in which was efficient, I was upgraded to one of the suites on the 14th floor, and although it seemed a little small considering it was a suite, it was probably quite standard size for London. Furnishings were nice - if a little tired. Bathroom was good - with a spa bath. The only surprise came when I ordered a cappacino instead of the standard coffee with my breakfast they wanted to charge me a supplement - a bit rich when breakfast was already 25 pounds! It's a fairly pricey hotel overall, but I guess you are paying a premium to be in Knightsbridge.	
Jul 1 2009 	Shockingly bad service	I have stayed here several times over the course of the last 2-3 year as it is convenient for my London office. Each time the check in is tortuous and the reception staff so indifferent that you wonder if they do actually work there. When they don't have that 'rabbit in the headlamp&quot; look about them - they are just downright rude.The hotel lives off its location - which is superb and for this reason alone I guess we would stay there again. If only we could check in on-line and avoid that particular frustration.To counter this the gentlemen manning the concierge desk are always helpful. Breakfast is a bunfight - and I would highly recommend popping across the road to Harvey Nics Daylsord cafe (5th floor - open early).Finally, rooms pretty grubby (especially the window area) and small - but then quite often the room rates are 120 ish and so what do you expect. Interesting that the management is now taking interest in the reviews - I always felt that it would be a waste of time speaking to them whilst I was there. I look forward to my next trip to see whether check in/check out changed. Oh and did I mention room keys.....forever needing to be taken back to reception for re-programming.	
Jun 12 2009	We would not stay there again	The positives: the room was nice and rather large. The restaurant and bar staff was phenomenal and very pleasant. Location was great.The negatives: One Concierge was extremely helpful and made great recommendations during our stay. Others were rude and could not speak hardly any English. The front desk employees were rude and indifferent from the start. They had a difficult time with processing basic credit card payments, entering expiration dates, etc. During the time we were there, we noticed several other customers having similar problems with the front desk. Our hotel keys had to be consistently recharged because they wouldn't work (which was one more annoyance, especially when you are tired and just want your key to work the first time). There were no sheets on the pull out couch for our daughter. I give this place a C- at best, only because of the restaurant/bar staff.	
Jun 8 2009 	Reasonable Hotel Reasonable Price Great Location !!!	Neat and tidy hotel in a good location, my room was a little dated and had shocking TV reception. Quick check in service although I specified a room away from the lift I was given a room directly next to the lift, I put up with it and it turned out to be a non issue.Front desk hotel staff were pretty useless, when they weren't arguing with each other in a foreign language they were sure to have their eyes pointed at the floor to avoid having to greet you each morning, I found this a little off putting as even the cheapest, dumpiest hotels will usually greet you in the morning and when you return of an evening. The only time I was greeted on our 4 night stay I was asked if I was there to check in when I was trying to ask a question about wireless internet usage - go figure. (and i'm from Australia so I assume there was no language barrier) Concierge desk was fantastic helping efficiently with the organization of Maps, tours etc - all went off without a hitch.Great location steps away from Harrods and other quality shops, pleasant 15 minute walk to Oxford street, Marble Arch and a few minutes in the taxi from just about everything else. There is an underground station about 20m away, but unfortunately we didn't have time to explore the underground system.You'll get a warmer welcome from the Taxi driver at the airport, but apart from that I can't complain about this hotel.	
May 25 2009 	Great location...but that is about it...	I booked the hotel through Last minute-top secret hotels. It was advertised as 4* Knightbridge hotel.It is on Sloane Street and is less than a minute from Knightsbridge underground station-which was ideal. It is also only 2 min walk into Hyde Park-so that was great too.On arrival, we were issued our room (without being asked if we were smokers-which we are not) and when we got to there-we found we had been given a 'smoking room'. So we had to go back down in the lift to get another room. This time we were given a room on the 'club floor' (although I am not sure what this means and it didn't seem very 'special'). I don't normally suffer with claustrophobia, but I found the corridors to be very closed in and dingy. The hotel just did not have that airy feel and it was very hot throughout.The room was very small-as was the bed. The air conditioning was ineffective and the room was very warm. The bathroom was also tiny. There were tea and coffee making facilities as you would expect-no biscuits though! Our booking was 'room only', but we did think about having breakfast at the hotel-but it was going to cost us £50, so we nipped over to Hyde park for a coffee and a pastry by the Serpentine for £10!I don't feel the staff on reception did not put themselves out, but we found the guys on Concierge very helpful and friendly. We paid to park our car (hotel parking) which cost us £42, but we knew this before we went and it was very convenient for us to travel in by car.Would I stay there again?, probably not I think there are far better 4* hotels for the same amount of money.	
Apr 11 2009 	Not thrilled	I stayed at the hotel in March 2009. I was surprised by the small room and not very comfortable beds. The AC was also starnge and did not work properly. In addition the shampoed the carpets while I was out and the room had a very strong smell for 2-3 days.On the plus, the location is excellent, and the facilities reasonable. If you are paying 120euro its worth it. But but note the rooms are SMALL.The bathroom ceeling had partially fallen when I enetred the room, the internet access cost was extortion, the TV was bad in both picture quality and content.Overall this is not a Millenuim Hotel standard at all, I would class this as a 3 star at best.	
Mar 20 2009 	Absolutely awful	After having a guaranteed reservation for late arrival I checked in to find they had no rooms. At midnight they sent me to a sister hotel. The next day I went to check back in and they told me they did not have a king bed (which was guaranteed) only 2 singles they would &quot;zipper&quot; together. I went to work for the day and on returning found 2 single beds pushed together w/ rollers on each. Needless to say I fell in the crack as the beds rolled apart. I tried to cancel my next months reservation along with those of 2 colleagues. They refused and had already taken 1 night payment. The front desk said they change their booking policy every 2 weeks - reservations refused the refund even with 30 days advance notice. I have contested the bill with Amex. The location, however, is good.	
Mar 17 2009 	Fantstic location for Central London	We stayed for 2 nights at the Millennium Hotel to celebrate my husbands 60th birthday and loved every minute of it! We arrived at 2pm on Saturday 14th March and were given an immediate free upgrade to a Jr. Suite! A HUGE room (with balcony) at the rear of the hotel - very quiet. Enormous and very comfy extra king size bed. Room service - reasonably priced and very quick! All staff very courteous and couldn't do enough for us. Continental breakfast provided us with a good choice. The location could not be better for designer stores (we window shopped!) We can recommend Gordan Ramseys Boxwood Cafe round the corner, for that &quot;special dinner&quot;!	
Mar 14 2009 	Nice location but...........	A colleage of mine staysin this hotel when he stays in London and given his repeated stays I decided that was god enough for me. The hotel is in a prime location and the reception and resturant are smart. The rooms are equally clean and tidy and the in room catering well presented but........What I was not expecting to have included in my price was the noise of the air conditiooning ducting which was frankly awful. The noise was akin to that experienced in a transatlantic flight when sleeping over the wing. The noise persisted until 01:30Hrs and then re-started at 5:00. Any prospects of sleep during the night were extinguished by the television from next door. I think it is reasnable to expect to sleep when paying in excess of £100 per room. I stayed in room 331 and may have been unlucky. My complaints came to no avail with the duty manager who could only promise a note my file. My respnse was naturally terse.	
Mar 14 2009 	Comfortable hotel in convenient central location	I stayed here in early March 2009, and having read reviews before booking the hotel, was pleasantly surprised by the standard of the hotel. Check in was speedy and efficient, but having booked online and specifically requested a non-smoking room away from the lift shaft, I was rather disappointed to find that I was in a smoking room directly opposite the lift. That said, it wasn't a problem - the room was fresh and clean (without any trace of cigarette smoke), and I didn't hear a peep from the lift until the morning.I'm unsure as to whether other travellers have experienced the same problem, but the walls in my room did seem to be a little thin (or the person staying next to me was very loud)!Overall, my stay was very comfortable, and the location of the hotel was excellent - particularly for those in search of retail therapy! Oh, and the choice at breakfast was vast, which is always a good thing!	
Feb 22 2009 	Absolutely Fantastic	I stayed here for 6 nights, through Go-today.com's Four Star London On Sale. The room is so small but oh so charming. Nice, big window that spans wall to wall, and gives a great view of the Knightsbridge district. Loved the chiffon curtains. The bed was so comfortable I didn't want to leave it! The bathroom while small was a delight! I didn't understand another poster's comments that their bathroom was dirty and the floor had other people's hairs on them? Surely that must not be up to their normal standards and an anomaly. There is an outlet for US plugs--very convenient as I forgot to bring my adapter. Here comes the best part--you can hang a menu tag, on which you can check off your preferences, outside your door by 2am, and they'll deliver breakfast to your room the next morning! Good thing to have if you are shy to eat alone out there like me. Right to the left is Gucci, across the street is Louis Vuitton, Prada is down somewhere on the right, and tons more high end shops on the street. A shopper's heaven. Absolutely loved this hotel. Felt so pampered there, and I had traveled all year and stayed in my share of hotels.	
Feb 9 2009 	Rooms OK staff not professional	We choose this hotel because of its location and its price. I think that the hotel meets the price / quality relationship. The rooms are rather small but clean. The bathroom is also small but not as small as some reviews tell you. It's more a compact bathroom. The room is not too warm and I like that. The hotel is somewhat dated but if you not demand too much, it will meet your expectations. Nice is that the hotel is about 3 minutes walk from metro Knightbridge (Piccadilly Line, exit Sloane Street).We didn't use breakfast because it was 24,50 pound and I found that too expensive. Close by the hotel there is a nice little Lebansese restaurant that offers also breakfasts. It's called Noura. The address is 12 William Street. Very nice people, fresh food and coffee and all fresh. Check in was awfull. The lady on the reception was like a machine. She gave us the key of a room that was still in use by other guests. Checking out was awfull too. Appearantly she was new because it took a long time to check out and after all the bill was wrong. They charged us for a not used breakfast. She was friendly but I think the staff is not professional enough for this type of hotel. If the management of the hotel would do some more effort to skill there staff a little better, I would recommend this hote absolutely, and mostly because of it's excellent locationl, but now I think it's OK, but not too good.	
Feb 2 2009 	Great Location	I booked this hotel as we were going to the Royal Albert Hall and it was convenient. For the price we paid it served it's purpose, but i would have been very dissapointed if we had paid full price. We had a standard room with the smallest bathroom i have ever seen, neither myself or my husband are small, but we had trouble sitting on the toilet without our shoulders either hanging over the bath, or leaning into the sink. I also found the previous guests socks behing the bathroom door, perhaps he couldn't bend down to pick them up without hitting his head on something?The staff were really helpful, polite and welcoming, breakfast (the only food eaten in the hotel) was nice, but if it hadn't have been in the price of the room, then i certainly wouldn't have paid £ 24.50 for a fancy fry up. Continental was £19.50?Just be aware, when checking out the receptionist tried to charge me for £20 of items from the mini bar that i hadn't had, when i questioned her, she said that someone else must have booked it to our room? The area is dripping in money, the hotel is next to Gucci and opposite Louis Vitton, so if you want a shopping break this is ideal, if you want a spacious airy hotel, them don't go here.	
Jan 17 2009 	Excellent Hotel Service Location!	Booked through Travelzoo at £99 for a double room with free breakfast and internet access.The location for this hotel is superb in the wealthy Belgravia shopping area just 4 minutes walk from Knightsbridge underground stop.The reception staff were friendly and efficient and the hotel looked modern and well kept.Our room though a little small was of excellent quality with all you would normally expect in terms of mini bar, TV channels, Corgi trouser press!, nice little bathroom, everything worked was clean and was to a high standard.The bed was comfortable and we had an excellent free breakfast the following morning.We left our luggage with the hotel to do some shopping after at no extra charge.Unfortunately when we got home my wife realised she had lost her camera, I rang the hotel to ask if the cleaning staff had found it by chance? They had! and it was handed in for us to collect when next in London. We were actually contacted by someone else from the hotel later in the week to confirm they had it as well.So add honesty to the list of qualities this hotel has!Would definately stay here again!	
Jan 6 2009	Location Location Location	Quite arguably the best location in London, right between Gucci and Fendi in Knightsbridge, a block from Harvey Nicks, two blocks from Harrod's, and centrally located for shopping, sightseeing, culture, or whatever you have in mind to do. Room was quite comfortable but tiny, and don't get me started about the miniature &quot;closet.&quot; Continental breakfast, included in the price, was more than adequate with fresh fruit, cold meats and cheeses, but the large crowds, with the hotel at full capacity, were poorly managed and unless you got there early, before the greedy ones, the fare tended to be a little sparse. Nice bar and restaurant, friendly, but not overly so, staff and overall a pleasant stay. I'd stay there again if for no other reason than the location.	
Dec 21 2008 	Great location	A pretty good hotel in an excellent location in London doesn´t come cheap, and this is no exception. We booked a Queen bedroom on the hotel´s own website well in advance and so obtained a reasonable price for London (130pounds). For this we got a small, comfortable room, a small, comfortable double bed, and a small, comfortable bathroom. On the negative side the soundproofing was poor (I spent one night feeling sorry for someone next door with a terrible cough), traffic noise was evident after 06.00, the heating fan archaic and noisy, the woodwork scuffed and showing its age in places, and some of the staff on the check-in desk hadn´t been told they worked in the service industry and so were distinctly unsympathetic to their clients (not me especially, but I observed them with others). On the positive side the hotel is within walking distance of Harrods (not that you would catch me there), Hyde Park, the South Kensington museums, Buckingham Palace, and several excellent pubs (notably the Star Tavern in the mews behind the west side of Belgrave Square). For those who enjoy exercise one can walk through Hyde Park, Mayfair and even to the wonderful British Museum (very enjoyable - allow an hour or so each way). There is a good, unpretentious curry house (Great India) down the other end of Sloane Street (past Sloane Square).	
Dec 16 2008 	Gem of a hotel in ideal location	Stayed for one night whilst attending a course - very impressed with location, accommodation and price - would highly recommend.Hotel is on Sloane St so perfect for Harrods, Harvey Nicks,gazing at posh people and walking to the fabulous Winter Wonderland in Hyde Park.Paid £130 for a mid-week, one night stay which I was very happy with in this location.Continental breakfast was included and there was a large selection of breads, cereals, meats, cheeses etc to choose from.Room was small but clean and had everything I needed. I was on the 3rd floor and it was very quiet with only a little bit of road noise from Sloane St outside.	
Nov 16 2008 	Fantastic ****	We loved it, Mother and daughter break for xmas shopping stayed 2 nights , 2 mins from Harrods and Harvey Nic's. Hotel room was clean and nicely decorated - wanted a bit bigger room but we were to tight for suite. Staff were fantastic, reception very friendly a rarity in London, breakfast in MU fab and staff very efficient. Door men and conceirge approachable and friendly. We loved this hotel even the young girl who cleaned the room happy and chatty stayed on 14th Floor which is non smoking - def recommend this hotel	
Sep 29 2008 	Excellent	I stayed at this hotel on business for 5 days in September 2008. Overall I was very impressed. The staff were very friendly and helpful, and this applied to everyone, from those working at reception to those working on the bar. The room was very clean and a nice size, (based on the reviews posted on this site I specifically asked for a 'quiet' room), all food was of a very good standard and the overall value for money was excellent. Knightsbridge is a very nice area to stay in as it is very close to Central London, yet offers much in the immediate area. So all in all I would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to stay in London, whether on business or for pleasure.	
Sep 25 2008 	A big disappointment	A big disappointment.Booked my stay through my corporate travel agent. This is barely a 3 star. The only thing it has going for it is the great location. Rooms were small and elevators slow. Also, the internet did not work (or work with many of the others who attended the same meeting). When I requested assistance from the front desk, they handed me a phone while eating breakfast to talk with a &quot;help desk&quot; that was &quot;no help&quot;. They said the problem was my computer....well, it worked at Starbucks around the corner, and I had to leave the Millennium hotel and walk several blocks to another hotel lobby where the concierge was kind enough to let me use their internet - for free - and it worked their also. The front desk person (s) were rude to me and when I asked for a refund of the &quot;internet card&quot; they sold me....her response was &quot;I will have to talk with the manager&quot; and made me feel like I had the problem. They did not take the charge off my bill. Can you believe that ! These folks need a crash course in customer service. My advise is to stay away from this one, there are too many other hotels in London that are better for the same price.	
Sep 23 2008 	Very disapointing experience...	Very disapointing experience...in our experience if a place asks for feedback when you leave it has nothing to hide when they don't then it usually means something.. This place was such a let down....due to hectic lifestyles we don't often get the chance to go away but when we do tend to do it in style....this was not it.....dirty bathroom - doesn't anyone clean under taps any more..types of hair in the bath and on the floor (we'll leave that to your imagination)...bedroom small, carpet threadbear, dust everywhere, can probably boast 1 of the most disintersted consierge's we've ever come across. There were some pluses - location, location, location - which was really good because our wanting to stay in was somewhat diminished given the previously mentioned points...2 very polite and helpful porters (interestingly niether Brits...).....umm but that really was it...if you've got this much money to spend on a hotel room go for County Hall next door to the London Eye...	
Sep 11 2008 	Could be better	A real mix of the good and the bad. The plus points are that most of the bad could be easily fixed.Excellent location, entrance, general decor and service from the staff.Door was really rattly, had to wedge something against it to get it too stop and I expect better for the price.Secondly need to work on sound proofing the rooms. The couple behind me decided to have a bit of a domestic at 3AM, they were not yelling but I heard Every word.( They both thought the other had a problem when they &quot;did&quot; alcohol. The don't be like that because I really like you... no I love you! Ha-Love you do not know what love is)Still gave them about half an hour and went quiet after a efw bangs on the wall.Breakfast was included in my rate but was amazed to find they would charge £19.95 for continental. I was always asked if I would like to upgrade to cooked for an extra £5. If not included please go out for Breakfast as there are much better offerings on the doorstep at a fraction of the cost.	
Jun 27 2008 	Good location	We'd been to an event at Wembley, so I chose to stay here, as it was a short walk from the tube station down a nice safe street, and an easy trip down the Jubilee line then changing to Piccadilly line for a couple of stops.We had a quiet room on the 8th floor, nice air conditioning, and a good view. The room and bathroom were pretty small, but nice furniture, comfy bed. The curtains could have done with a good clean though, as they were shabby and stained!Check out isn't until 12pm, so we got a lie in, and the breakfast was superb! Well worth the £110 we paid for the 2 of us!There was a bit of a wait to check out in the morning at 11am, but apart from that, we had a nice stay, and would probably stay there again.	
May 17 2008 	Good room good area	Stayed here for 1 night on business. Pleasant area near to tube.Room was larger than I expected given other rooms. Clean and comfortable. Good shower in bathroom.Had a very quiet room on 6th floor. Seemed to be good soundproofing as I wasn't disturbed even though I was opposite the lift.Breakfast selection quite good. It wasn't made clear that the only reason you needed to order the cooked breakfast was if you wanted eggs other than scrambled. Bit of a delay because they lost my order for poached (even though only 3 people eating at 7.00 am) - would have just helped myself to what was there if I had known.Despite this, would stay again. Not bad for the price.	
Apr 28 2008 	Good location sub-par accommodations.	Very average hotel -- tiny, dated rooms with old, cigarette-burned curtains. Ancient hair dryer burned out and not working. Worst of all, charged 80p at checkout for a newspaper I didn't even ask for! Bloody hell!	
Apr 18 2008 	Good choice for a London Weekend	We stayed over a weekend in April 2008 to take in a West End show and the Tutankhamun exhibition at the O2.We used a promotional offer from Travelzoo and were charged £99 per night for a double room inclusive of a (reasonable) Continental breakfast.On our booking we asked for a quiet room above the fifth floor, non smoking and away from the lifts. This had all been recognised at check-in which was a good start!Also we were able to access our room immediately on arrival (11.30 am) which was a bonus.The room was modest in size but very comfortable. The hotel is only 200 yards from the nearest tube station (Knightsbridge) and is near to Harrods and numerous designer label shops.The staff were friendly and efficient. On checking out it was possible to leave our bags with the concierge until late evening when we left London.For the price we paid we were very happy with this hotel and will certainly use it again.	
Mar 30 2008 	Good hotel	Booked a good deal via 'travel zoo' promotion web site. Stayed in a Club Plus 1 King Bed; cost £109.00 inc VAT inc. continental breakfast, h/s Internet access, free newspaper, free welcome drink per person, free mini bar (inc. 2 cans of larger,3 can of fizzy drink,2bottles of water,1 chocolate bar, one orange juice,one crisps). Supposed to have slippers and dressing gown each, but only one gown in cupboard (could have asked but didn't need one anyaway). Very pleasant reception staff. Bar staff ok, but slow and visibly unenthusiastic. I've stayed on business here before so knew it basically. Food good quality but quite expensive - better off eating out. Close to tube stations and Harrods/Havey Nicks (if you're in to that). We went in to Soho to eat at Cafe Emm, 17 Frith Street. An unassuming bustling little spot with delicious hearly food and friendly service. We followed by a visit to karaokebox next door - what a 'stress buster' - great fun and a totally different experience!! Next day we took in the London sights with an off peak (not before 9.30) all day tube ticket (zones 1/2) for £5. Excellent base for an excellent break.	
Mar 16 2008 	Would stay again	We stayed here for 2 nights while on business but would gladly stay again if on pleasure trip. The food was excellent and the staff really nice the only downfall where the rooms, for a hotel of this stature they where dingy in size as was the bathrom. there was no flatscreen TV which should be the norm in 4* hotel	
Feb 5 2008 	an excellent choice	We have just returned from a weekend in the hotel.(got a better price from Superbreaks than the hotel website)Location: A few minutes from Knightsbridge Tube station and bus routes,close to the big stores and the designer shops of Sloane Street. We walked to the Apollo theatre Victoria in 20 minutes and to Oxford Street in 25 . You are in some of the most scenic parts of london. Reception: Very friendly and helpful at all times.Room : We had a room overlooking Sloan Street.It was compact but generally well furnished,clean and quiet.I did not like the light switches which we awkward and the wardrobe for hanging clothes was tiny.Overall we were very happy with the room.Breakfast : We generally don't eat a cooked breakfast and what was on offer was excellent. A choice of cereals and organic yoghurts/a wide choice of breads and pastries/ cold ham and cheeses/ fruit and fruit salad made with cut up fruit not tinned.Overall the food was of a very high quality.Last time had dinner in the restaurant and thought it was very good. For eating out would recommend Racine on the Brompton Road.We also had the pre theatre dinner on Saturday at the Brasserie Roux which is the the Sofitel St James in lower Regent Street/Pall Mall.Could not recommend it highly enough£15 for 3 courses £20 for 3 courses and 2 glasses of wine, Excellent food ,value and service.Overall would highly recommend the hotel.	
Feb 4 2008	fantastic location 	The staff at check in were professional and friendly, room was small but clean and had great views on 9th floor. had room service which was quick and the food tasted great, recommend the chips, best ever. the location could not be better for Harrods, only a couple of mins walk and is near to Knightsbridge and Sloane square tube stations. The restaurant Mui was reasonably priced if you eat before 7pm, 2 courses at 18pp and 3 courses aroiund 23pp. Would definately recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jan 24 2008 	A very nice stay	I was booked in to this hotel for 1 night for work and it was very nice indeed. It's close to Sloane St Tube station (Exit 3, turn right and it's about 150m); opposite Louis Vuitton and next to Gucci. The reception staff were very pleasant and efficient and my single room was a good size and quiet with a small but clean bathroom. Requests were quickly dealt with. The breakfast was cooked to order and there was a lot of choice. My only complaint was the lack of low-fat spread (no choices, just butter).Would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 2 2008 	Excellent Stay	I was very pleased with our recent stay at this hotel. Below are a few things that satisfied us most :- Early check in. We arrived at 8AM on our day of check in and they kindly let us check in then. And they were able to fulfill our room request of a room on a high floor. (they also let us check out late on our departure date)- Very friendly and accomodating staff. The front desk staff was very pleasant, and the concierge was extremely accomodating. We went to him multiple times a day for reservations, and advise on places to go.- Rooms. While they were small, they were spotless, and the bed was so comfortable!- Breakfast. We had a free continental breakfast every morning, and it was filling and tasty. And they offer it from 7AM - 12 noon. Most hotels offer it for only a 2 hour window. This was extremely accomodating.- Neighborhood. We were not there to shop, but the neighborhood was very quiet and quaint, with very convenient access to the Tube, and within walking distance to many attractions.- Decor. The hotel lobby and bar had a bit of a boutique hotel feel.Truthfully, I have nothing negative to say about this hotel. It was extremely satisfying accomodations.	
Dec 14 2007 	Far better in London	As usual with this type of hotel the entrance lobby does not match the quality of the rooms and the service. Room was OK, but with strange light fittings and nowhere handy to charge my mobile. Not too bad a nights sleep, but then no breakfast! Gave up waiting after I ordered poached eggs, reminded them twice and then had to leave for my meeting (20 mins later) - reception were not interested in my complaint. As someone who stays in lots of hotels on business - give this place a miss!	
Dec 14 2007 	Good location OK hotel	The Millenium Knightsbridge is in a great location if your goal is to shop the most expensive shops in London. It's also in a great location for most tourists in general. However, as a business traveler I needed somewhat better access to the main train stations. I typically stay at the Millenium Gloucester Road, which I feel is the better location for it proximity to tube lines with quick connections to Victoria and Paddington, along with several other positive attributes. However the Knightbridge location is good for tourists who have more time to move around town.Millenium Knightsbridge is nice but well worn and the rooms are a bit cramped. The rooms are loud as you can hear people chatting at normal levels in the room next door. The elevators are inadequate if the hotel is at all busy and you will end up waiting for a very long time or resorting to the &quot;employees only&quot; stairs, while any employee nearby will gladly help you understand very clearly that the stairs are for FOR EMPLOYEES ONLY. Nevermind you can't get up or down to your room any other way.All-in-all the hotel is OK but on a price/value basis I would have to say I wouldn't stay there again. The same quality can be had more cheaply elsewhere or you can pay the same and find a much nicer room.	
Nov 2 2007	Disappointing hotel	I stayed one night at the Millennium on business and was extremely disappointed. Arriving after dusk it took me 10 minutes to work out how to turn on the light switch in my room ( there are strange fittings on the wall) which was hardly an auspicious start. The decor was very tired and in need of modernisation. I had to prop a chair againt the curtains to keep them closed. The grouting in the bathroom was disgusting.Breakfast was not good. Full English breakfast is cooked to order which took an age to arrive ( not good for people in a hurry).They actually lost my colleague's order and then presented her with a meal which bore no relatioj to her order.I am only glad I was not paying. Next time I will request a room at a Radisson Hotel.	
Sep 21 2007	Was NOT fun	Tiny tiny rooms. Shower is way too small. Seriously overpriced for what it is. This is NOT our idea of a room you can spend any time in whatsoever. TV channels are a disgrace.4 channels in English and its News and Sport or nothing.If you are coming by tube,beware. You will need to carry your luggage up and down the stairs of the tube station.Not my idea of fun. Only saving grace is its location to Harrods and HN. Loads of restaurants to choose from in the area.	
Sep 3 2007 	Great location	I visited London from 8/29/07 to 9/2/07. Hotel:My husband and I stayed at the Millennium Hotel on Slone Street, Knightbridge. The only thing I like about this hotel was its location. Very close to the tube station, and of course, many shops like Gucci, LV, and the famous Harrod’s. we had a standard room on the 10th floor. It was very small. If I sit on the edge of the bed I could turn on the TV without using the remote control. Don’t bother to bring electrical adaptor, they have 110v outlet. Room was quite noisy, we can hear next room and traffic from the street, and it’s dusty everywhere in the room and we did not have enough towels to use although we’d left a tip and a request note to the cleaning person. The hair dryer in our room had a overheating problem--it stopped working after a 4-5 sec usage and we waited about 5 minutes for it to be working again! The continental breakfast in the restaurant Mu was alright. Nothing fancy and after the second day it was quite boring. The hotel staffs were helpful, but not friendly. Phone:Verizon users beware: UK does not support CDMA. I brought my old GSM phone and purchased a SIM card (5 pound) at Vodafone. The airtime was 30p per min (incoming calls are free). I also bought a 5 pound phone card at WHSmith and that gave about 150 min to call NY from my cell phone, but remember the airtime for the cell phone is 30p per minutes. Transportation:Gatwick Express Train to London Victoria took about 30 mins and cost 26.8 pound return per person.I use the Oyster card, unless you plan to visit a lot of attractions that include in other type of travelcard. I think the Oyster card is cheaper to use.Tips: London underground has lots of stairs and lots of walking if you transfer from station to station. If you see a lift (elevator) -- use it. Watch out for the change of train schedule on weekends. Departure from London:Plan more time getting to Gatwick airport. It was especially true if you plan to do shopping at the duty free. We’d planned 2 hours ahead but the airport was over crowded and took us sometime to find US airway counter, and long waiting time for the security check point, and left us only 15 mins to shop. Tips: if you plan to buy Harrods famous shopping bag, teddy bears, candy and tea, buy them at the duty free at airport, it’s cheaper. The duty free shop has most designs of the bag you can possibly get from the Harrods store. Food: Indian: Masala Zone (Convent Garden) inexpensive, good service, good food, but waiting time for food was long. Chinese: Wong Kei (Wardour Street, Chinatown) the cheapest restaurant, fast service, and tasty. E.A.T: almost everywhere, inexpensive, good selection of sandwiches, and friendly. Tips: Be aware of double tipping. Some restaurants charge 10-15% of service on the bill without telling their customer, so just keep in mind the price of your plate.	
Sep 1 2007 	gone down hill- would not reccomend	i stayed here back in 2001 and the hotel was great nice rooms lovely breakfast.So my husband and i booked this for 2 nights as the location was close to all the attractions we anted to go to this time.We checked in and they gave us a room on the corner which was so small not airey and a funny smell, 1 person could hardly fit in the bathroom never mind 2.The bed for a queen was very smallThere was also damp on the wallsthe tv channels not very good catered more for arabic channels rather than english.Lets just say we spent as little time in it as possiblethe brekfast was not 2 nice either at over £150 a night this is not cheap and defianetly not worth it, they need to redecorate and bring the rooms into the 21st centuary we will not be back at this hotel	
Aug 11 2007 	Would be happy to stay again.	Stayed while on business in London, but would have been an acceptable hotel for a holiday break. Small room and bathroom but nicely furnished and adequate space for one. Room was on the 12th Floor, overlooking the side of Sloane Street, the roof gardens of some very nice apartments and the side of Harrods. Hairdryer, safe and trouser press in the room also a mini-bar with room to squeeze some items of your own to cool. (minor niggle was the hairdryer cutting out after a while a certain temp until it cools, which could be a problem if you had very long hair). Didnt try the bar or restaurant but the prices looked very reasonable, and on checking-in I was given a voucher for a free drink/cocktail in the bar and another for 20% off the food bill so would have been even cheaper if eating in. Good location - 2 mins walk from Knightbridge tube station. Couple of mins from Harrods and surrounded by high end fashion shops (e.g. Jimmy Choo next door) and would be heaven for keen (and wealthy!) shoppers. The reception staff were friendly and welcoming and efficient check-in and out, no problems there. Would certainly be happy to stay again.	
Aug 7 2007	Shopping Spree	Not the best room on the plannet but not a poor one either. Stayed here during a Shopping spree with the mrs, ideal for all Desogner stores, Gucci, Gina, Harrods, Harvey Nics etc etc Food was ok too and not too over priced. Overall it did the job.	
May 24 2007 	Good value and excellent location	I was pleasantly surprised at my recent stay at the Knightsbridge Millennium Hotel. While not a bargain, for London and this neighborhood, I found this to be of good value. The room was large for London standards and included a very good and abundant buffet breakfast. The staff were very accommodating and polite. We had to leave the hotel at 5:00 am on our last day and they insisted on delivering us continental breakfast at 4:30 am.(Room service was not included in our fee). Although I prefer smaller more intimate hotels, I would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 14 2007 	Excellent experience at the Millenium Knightsbridge	What an excellnet choice! Stayed from Apr 6-9, great location: 3 mins from the tube, 5 mins from famous Harrods and other shopping stores (expensive of course), felt like I am on Rodeo drive. Service was excellent, especially consierge, help a lot with attractions, restaurants reservations, recommendations, etc.Room was small, of course, for our standards, but very clean, comfortable, besides, you do not spend anytime in the room, only for sleep, otherwise why did you come to London.We had a non smoking on the 6th, facing side of the Sloane street. Again great location: lots of cafes, restaurants, Mark &amp; Spencer, 30 mins walk to Famous Piccadilly Circus, 10 mins to Hyde &amp; Regent parks, lots of bus stations around to get you anywhere you like.My friends are planning to visit London in August, I already told to stay only there. PS we paid 135 pounds (cheapest in their category) which in $ is plenty, but we enjoyed it so much it did not matter.	
Mar 22 2007	Great Location	We stayed at this hotel in March having found a good deal on London Town.com.I thought the hotel was in a great location, 2 minutes from the tube station and in a really nice area. Walking distance to Buck Palace etc.I thought the rooms were a bit on the small side, they were basic but fine for a couple of nights. Wouldn't stay if it had been for any longer.Breakfast was good but rather hectic, must have been understaffed as we had to keep asking for cups/spoons etc! Staff were helpful though.All in all a good hotel however wouldn't advise ordering a Jack and Coke from the bar as it cost more than a tenner!!	
Mar 12 2007 	Wondeful luxurious hotel!	Very close to tube station and Harrods, surrounded by designer shops! Friendly, helpful staff.There's a great sandwich shop out the back door of the hotel and along to the right too!	
Mar 1 2007 	Had a great weekend here (thanks to EBay)	Stayed here for 2 nights over the weekend 23 -25 Feb. Picked up a super EBay deal and that might explain why we found this to be a good experience! All of the staff were very welcoming and cheerful. Room small but clean and perfectly adequate. Breakfast in the hotel restaurant MJU's was fantastic (but try to get a breakfast inclusive deal as it is expensive otherwise)Luckily, our EBay package included dinner one night in MJU's - absolutely wonderful food. Service maybe a bit fussy for some and obviously not cheap, but this is one meal I would actually pay £40 per head for (never thought I'd say that).Pretty good location during the day - lots of hustle and bustle and great shopping of course. Very quiet once the shops closed, but it is only 100 yards to the tube station and then all of London is yours.Overall, we had a much better experience than some and can recommend the hotel if you can get a reasonable deal that includes breakfast.	
Feb 19 2007 	Not good!	This was the third time we had stayed at this hotel and i will not be staying there again. The night receptionist had given someone else the same room as us. At about 4am, someone was trying to get into our room, luckily we had the chain on so they could not get in, but we had to tell the man at the door that he had been given a wrong room. We complained in the morning as was offered 20% off our room bill, which worked out about £30. this is not very good, who knows what could have happened in the chain was not on and we were not in our room. This should not happen. The receptionists were not very polite.	
Jan 22 2007 	I have been to better!	My booking was actually made via ebay - there were various Christmas breaks advertised for which I secured a voucher at a reasonable rate.The company I bid with (somewhere in Germany) failed to recognise that I had made payment and therefore wouldnt release the voucher until three weeks after the booking restricting my time of travel.I had previously read reviews about the Millenium Hotel on this website and had concerns about the rooms, in particular the bathrooms. As it tuned out the rooms were quite dated but actually not too bad for a cheap break 100 yards from Harrods.The circulation areas of the hotel and bars were reasonably nice but quite expensive; likewise the minibar in the hotel room - £3.50 for a can of coke.The nearest car park was opposite but charged £43 per day which if your looking for a cheap weekend deal soon adds up - go by train!On departure the hotel also included the charge for the room but they quickly corrected this having pointed this out.	
Dec 5 2006 	great location	I booked this hotel because i had friends staying there at the same time. I must say i was a bit worried after reading all the bad reviews. The Hotel has clean, nice rooms, but the bathrooms are very, very small. Nice bar area on the first floor with friendly staff.The concierge service was great.I really love this area of London. Good for shopping and nice restaurants nearby.Sure you can stay at much better hotels in the same area, but that would be the Berkley, the oriental or Jumeirah, and i can assure you that would be much more expensive.If you are not looking for a great romantic hotel break, but more for a shopping and fun weekend...this hotel will do just fine.	
Sep 28 2006 	Left earlier than planned	This hotel is in a posh neighborhood with so many designer shops on the street. The hotel must put all their money into the lobby, restaurants and meeting rooms because the rooms were sub-par.The rest of the hotel was old and smelled it. The beds were the worst of the 4 hotels we stayed at while on this trip. No mattress cover, just a loose sheet covering it and it was an old ,hard, lumpy mattress. The linens had hair stuck to them that were not mine! One of the pillow cases was so wrinkled, they must have dug it up from the bottom of an old pile of linens. There was no blanket. The only cover was the duvet.The room was small, the bathroom tiny and they refilled the complimentary shampoo with water. The bathroom had an old sliding door which didn't even close all the way. The shower was funky and it was hard to get the temperature right. When a lightbulb burned out on a lamp, I called to request a new one. It took the maintenance person 4 trips to my room to replace it. There were 3 roomy elevators, yet they were extremely slow. The continental breakfast was fine, but the staff was slow and unattentive.We left a day earlier than planned because we did not like the hotel. Upon departure, the billing was incorrect with a charge for the minibar that we never used. Also we were to be given 2 ten-pound vouchers to use in the restaurant. They did not have them ready when we checked in, so just wrote it out by hand. The waiter did not credit our bill, so we had to correct this at check-out also. I was disappointed, but just glad to be out of there. I would not stay there again and would not recommend it to anyone.	
Sep 18 2006	Flag Poles !	I stayed in this hotel for a night last week and had a terrible nights sleep - I had room 416. Outside the window there were three flag poles which bounced off the pole all night long making a loud clanging noise throghout the night. Good hotel apart from the noise outside the window.	
Jul 30 2006	Good Location	The room was very clean and tidy. the hotel was in a good location as we visited buckingham palace and kensington palace and it was right in the middle of them. the only disappointing aspect was the breakfast, although nice we did not want to pay extra for a cooked breakfast, the croissants were dry but the rest was very nice.	
Jul 16 2006 	Hotel California?	I was moved to this hotel because another Millennium didn't have a room for me even though I had a confirmed reservation. I found the location to be a little dreary, on an alley. The room was generally fine - it had AC which is great for the UK.Breakfast was expensive and slow - limited buffet options. The big problem was checkout. I had to give them my CC to run through again and their systems were having a problem. It took 20 minutes to check out! Because of this I was 15 minutes late for a business meeting.	
Jun 8 2006	What a let down	I love the area of Knightsbridge and when a friend wanted to come to london for her birthday and had chosen the Millennium I was so excited. 4 of us stay on a saturday night.I found the staff on reception to be really rude. It felt like they could act as they wanted becuase the of the name above the door. Its in a 4 star area but the hotel was far from it.The rooms were clean but very old and tatty.We went out to eat as the menu in MJU wasn't all that great. We arrived back to the hotel around 11pm to find the hotel bar was shut. The only drinks on offer was the over price mini bar.Not very good at all. I've stayed in much nicer hotels in London which carry a much lower star rating.	
May 4 2006	good experience	Small but well designed rooms, clean, great location, good atmosphere. I would stay there again. Continental breakfast is weak but ok.	
Apr 26 2006	Lazy Housekeeping	We stayed at the Millennium Knightsbridge with our French guests last month and I could literally write a message in the dust on top of the dressing table in our bedroom, I complained to Reception and when we returned from shopping it had been dusted but I'm a bit &quot;iffy&quot; abour cleanliness and wonder what the standard of cleanliness is in the places you can't readily see. The mosaic floor pattern on the floor is also looking a little tired. But a good base for sigtseeing and shopping. HOWEVER, the great thing about this hotel was the food in Mju restaurant, the most wonderful black beef I have ever tasted, great to be able to order decent wines by the glass. Efficient unobtrusive staff, - a gem. kerry pape	
Apr 21 2006	let down	We booked 2 nights here for the bank holiday weekend. This was our first time in london and we thought this place would be ideal for our base. The hotel staff were helpfull all of the time and the cleanliness of the place could not be faulted. However the size of the room left us feeling claustraphobic. This was so small it was a struggle to move around and impossible to relax. You can literally touch all four walls whilst sat on the bathroom toilet. The prices at the restaurant and bar are a bit steep, at £20 for an english breakfast we thought it best to eat out all of the time. The hotel parking is expensive too at £40 a night on top of the standard room rate, made for a pricey stay. We thought that being on sloane street it would have bars and restaurants located near by, but unfortunately the nearest nightlife is a tube ride away. Although there are designer clothes shops near it is like a ghost town in this part of london, and you would be better off staying elsewhere.	
Feb 27 2006	Just OK	We have stayed at many London hotels and the Knightsbridge was just OK. The rooms are very small but clean. The staff was simply awful - very haughty and generally unhelpful. While the area was beautiful, there are almost no restaraunts or inexpensive shopping facilities nearby. With a continential breakfast running about $40 (20 pounds) per person at the hotel, the lack of other dining facilities can be a problem, especially if you are with a family. The hotel does not have a sundries shop so finding some extra toothpaste or a light snack requires a tube trip. The hotel was very close to a tube stop and Harrods (literally just steps away) and the area was very safe.I doubt that I would stay here again with much better hotels available for the same price.	
Feb 17 2006 	Large Black Mouse	I got quite a shock at this hotel when I switched on my bedroom lights and a large black mouse shot out from under my bed and disapeared through a gap underneath the mini-bar cabinet. Not a good sign! I phoned reception and to be fair, they moved me straight away (to a smaller room, which was apparently all they had available). However, I was not offered any compensation of any kind. Not even a reduction in my bill.The rest of the accommodation was okay and the hotel is in a good location but I would not recommend it if you are worried about rodents!	
Jan 17 2006	Good Value in a Great Location	Stayed here for 6 nights w/ a companion. Hotel was located down the street from Harvey Nics and a couple of blocks from Harrods in Knightsbridge. Most of the shops on Sloane where the hotel is located is higher end (LV, Chanel, etc) and b/c of that the neighborhood is quiet and safe. Hotel is only a quick walk away from the Underground station and 20 steps away from a bus line. Continental breakfast(that was included in my room rate) consisted of lots of pastries and breads, fresh fruit, yogurt, cereal, and a few cheeses and a plate of sliced ham. You have the option of upgrading to a &quot;full english breakfast&quot; for an add'l 5 pounds, you basically get some eggs, sausages and more bread. The rooms are small but clean and maid service is efficient. Heated towel racks are included which made for a welcome surprise. Only downsides w/ the hotel is that there is no restaurants on Sloane Ave. and nearby cafes and restaurants require a 5-10 min walk. Also no gym in the hotel or nearby...nearest gym is a 10 min walk. However Hyde Park is a 5 min jog away so you can run in the park if the weather permits. Hotel staff was friendly and professional, no complaints. I would stay here again if given the chance to do so.	
Jan 8 2006	Clean Quiet Roomy and a Long Walk from Restaurants	I stayed here solo for 6 nights. After asking if I could check in early (8 AM), they were ready for me. My single room was sizeable by London standards, clean, warm, and quiet. Breakfast was uninspired, but tasty enough and filling. All my questions for the concierge were answered fully and promptly. There's a pub across the street (The Glouster) serving good pub grub, a chain cafe across from Harrods, and all the other restaurants are an Underground ride or a long walk away. Sloan Street is all high end retail, so no noise and no nearby coffee/restaurant/snack shops. The hotel did everything I expected. I got good value for my $$$.	
Dec 29 2005	Good value and location . Staff not helpful	We stayed at Millennium in December over Christmas. I have to give the hotel a mixed review. The furnishings were sophisticated, the beds extremely comfy and the location was grand. In a very expensive city, the value was good. However, the rooms were small, even the bigger rooms. 2 people could not walk around at the same time. It cost 5 lbs to use the Internet and the closest cafe was at Victoria. My biggest complaint was the concierge and the staff in general. Everyone was impersonal and not particular helpful. So you must balance the value and location with your other needs. In any case you will not go wrong as the feel of the place is very nice and you will sleep well	
Dec 2 2005	Location location location!!	My wife and I enjoyed a second honeymoon in London over last New Years week. We booked a special thru Go-Today.com and was upgraded to this hotel from the less expensive one we had picked. What great good fortune! The hotel is tucked away down Sloane street with Gucci, Fendi and Harvey Nichols. Nice neighbors! Harrods is an enjoyable walk around the block. Admittedly, we didn't purchase at any of these places except Harrods (great time of year for bargains there!!), but it was fun to look!Yes, the rooms are smallish, but cozy and very well appointed. We enjoyed room service several times from the excellent fusian restaurant down stairs. The rate included a continental breakfast which was not served in the main dining room. We did feel a little like we'd been sent to outer Siberia when directed upstairs to this meeting room set up each day for the &quot;tourist trade.&quot; But, hey, it was free, so who's to complain? Just be aware of this. Note, there's a very nice automated tea/coffee service on the mezzanine with comfy chairs in which to rest your tired, travel feet during all hours of the day.The concierge was excellent and secured for us some very hard to get theatre tickets at a decent price. Tube station nearby for running around the city.All in all, a very nice place to use as your base while touring London.	
Nov 6 2005 	Extremely clean Perfect location Staff okay	My wife, 2-year old son and I stayed here for one night. The hotel is beautiful and immaculate. The rooms, as mentioned by several other reviewers, are fairly small but extremely well-maintained, and they are just large enough for basic needs - probably ideal as a business hotel, really.The only reason I marked this 4 instead of 5 stars is the staff. While not terrible, the front desk staff was fairly aloof, and the concierge did not go out of his way at all to help us find places to go. They answered our questions, but no more.The Mjo restaurant is superb, and they offer a continental-style buffet breakfast that is second to none: a great selection of fresh fruits, juices, cheeses, cold cuts, several types of cereal, and outstanding coffee.The hotel is obviously in an ideal location, less than 10 minutes walk from Buckingham Palace, Hyde Park, Piccadilly Circus, and all of the central London sights. Harrod's is just around the corner, as are several other posh shops. The pub across the street, just to correct another review, is a great place to grab a pint, with some superb ambience, but the food is nothing special - I would look elsewhere for lunch or dinner. Chinatown is only 5 minutes by taxi.All in all, a wonderful hotel in a wonderful location. For cleanliness, location, and accomodation, definitely 5 stars. The service and room size brought it down to 4.	
Oct 25 2005	Great Hotel	This is a great place to stay if you want class and status. It's comparable to staying at the Four Seasons in Beverly Hills with all the great stores on the same block. And Harrod's is either a block and a half away it you go one way or it's a block if you go down Basil. The restaurants are expensive but there is a real cute pub across the street called the Glouchester which has good food and another cute cafe around the corner off Basil that has good food and breakfast, so it's worth staying there and you can also not spend so much if you don't want to. The staff is very helpful. I plan to go back when I visit again.	
Sep 24 2005	Small posh rooms. Try the seafood at Mju	The chef at Mju restaurant does amazing things with seafood. Try the lobster fettucine with Japanese and Malay herbs. Or his new set meal, 7 courses, and the Aussie sommelier paired the wines exquisitely. One of the best meals of our trip to Paris-Bordeaux-Florence-Rome. Hotel is located in designer boutique row, and very near Harrods. Husband loved the car-watching when having breakfast at nearby Cafe Rouge.	
May 12 2005	Great choice in a great neighborhood	My wife and I were very happy with this hotel. The location couldn't be better. On a very upscale shopping street, right near Harvey Nickolls and Harrods, the park, and an underground station. Rooms were small, but clean, and the breakfast buffet in the morning which came w/our room was great. Staff was helpful and professional. We would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting London.	
Apr 29 2005	Excellent location	Fantastic location for touring London; under 5 min walk from Harrods, right next door to designer shops. Expensive though - £150 room only, which I expected. What was a surprise was £39 for valet parking - I actually requested a parking space when I booked, but that wasn't available when I arrived. They looked after our bags after checkout until we were ready to leave London - but they charged us a further £23 for valet parking. Double room was quite small, but comfortable. Bar was lovely and we expected that to be expensive so we weren't surprised. I'd stay there again - if someone else was paying!	
Apr 26 2005	Great Location	Stayed one night here with my husband and 3 yr old son. We had standard twin room. Room was smallish and needed refurbished - i.e. woodwork was a bit chipped, stains on curtains, wallpaper marked. TV reception not good. Bathroom also small with sliding door - in need of modernisation but functional. Everything very clean however. Would not give the room a 4 star rating. However, the location on Sloane Street is excellent. Safe area, Armani, Gucci, Cartier next door and Harrods and Knightsbridge tube short walk away. Great base for a weekend stay.	
Apr 20 2005	somewhat disappointed although very glossy	I appreciate all the reviews that helped me on my decision to choose this hotel for my trip to London so I will report back to return the favor.Cute little clean rooms and posh safe location. Ugh! The elevators in this hotel hardly worked. Most of the staff do not speak comprehendable english and the atmosphere a little too glossy and slick which gets annoying after a while when you just want to bring a cup of coffee up to your room in a to-go cup and they look at you like you're nuts, not sure because this was unfashionable or the Euro-language barrier, which was odd, because it is England. Basic food not very user-friendly or affordable. But if you are a shopaholic, this is your place for a tryst, baby! Harvey Nics, gucci, chanel...you name it, it's there. Definitely would not stay here again though.	
Apr 14 2005 	Great Location	great location for shopping and designer shops on Sloane Street.Hotel staff are very friendly and efficient with serviceRecommend this to anyone wanting to stay in knightsbridge area	
Apr 12 2005	Great stay	I recently stayed at the Millennium from 28th March to the 4th April 2005 and I was a bit nervous as some of the reviews had been critical of the hotel. I found it to be an excellent experience. I was a single female traveller and I was met with courtesy and friendly staff throughout my stay. My room was compact but very tastefully furnished with a good bathroom. The continental breakfast (included in the rate) was excellent - lots of fresh fruit, cereals, yoghurt and fresh bread. Housekeeping was very efficient and to a good standard. I had a very good promotional rate of 94 pounds a night. The hotel is in a fantastic location - I could walk to Hyde Park, walk to Harvey Nicks and Harrods and jump on a bus or train to anywhere else. The restaurant was a bit expensive for dinner and I did not eat there - the only drawback. I would definitely stay there again and have no hesitation in recommending it.	
Feb 19 2005	Excellent	My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights on 27th July this year. we are both Londoners but now live in the USA. I decided on the Millenium purely for location initially and it was perfect. Everything is on your doorstep. Sercice at reception and the bars were very good and while it is expensive it must be remembered that this is London............and Knightsbridge. You get what you pay for and we payed well and got excellent. I have decided that this will be our base from now on whenever we decide on a mini break back to the homeland.	
Feb 10 2005	Good Food	I visited the above for a New Year's Eve Package which included one nights accommodation and a 9 course tasting menu in the acclaimed restaurant &quot;Mju&quot;. The service in the restaurant and the food was excellent. The cocktails were fantastic. On departure the reception staff were very confused over the package offer i had booked and took agaes to get it right. It seems that the promotions side of the hotel doesnt communicate with the reception. The bedrooms were small but comfortable and the bathrooms certainly needed updated - the door to the bathroom was sliding and had no lock so privacy was a no no. I feel that the £280 it cost was a little excessive. 	
Jan 11 2005	Over price	The Millennium Knightsbright Hotel is on Sloane Street in central London. The area is probably the best for shopping and it is closest to the palace and the tube. The rooms are extremely small, housekeeping and service are okay. If you stay on the higher floors and have a room facing the front of the building, the view will be incredible but the wind howler all night and room seem to shake. It is just way over price. Restaurant and room service is too expensive. There is a nice pub across the street. I find out when I check out that they charge 1 to 2 pounds for calling my friends in another room and they charged 39 pounds for parking each day.	
Jan 6 2005	Loved the Millenium at Knightsbridge	We just got back from a week in London. The Millenium at Knightsbrige was an excellent choice on our part. We went there as an upgrade to a package deal so I am not sure what the non-package price would be, but I can say the hotel was magnificent. The service was wonderful and the hotel was beautiful. The location was within two blocks of the tube which was convenient. I would highly recommend it. A continental breakfast was included and was very nice.	
Jan 5 2005	'Absouletly Fabulous'	We stayed at this Hotel for 3 nights from 29th December 2004 until New Years day. The Hotel is in an idea location for shopping and site seeing. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful. The concierge did everything asked including the arrangement of flowers on arrival for my girlfriend’s birthday. The room was very clean and well furnished, and serviced on a daily basis. The room service was very efficient and the food was excellent. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone on business or pleasure.We enjoyed the stay so much that we have already booked another stay in February 2005.	
Dec 7 2004	Great Stay	We couldn't be happier with our experience at the Millennnium. The staff is efficient, helpful, and friendly. Although small by US standards, the room was more than adequate for our needs and even had a comfortable chair for relaxation after a day of site seeing. The continental breakfast, included in our package, is excellent. I sent an Email in advance to let the reservation staff know that we would be arriving early, and was pleased to find a room ready for us when we arrived at 11:00. Two tube stations are nearby, and the Piccadilly Line provides a direct trip to Heathrow. We sampled Polish, Indian, and English pub food in neighborhood restaurants that are within walking distance of the hotel. We had a great stay!	
Dec 2 2004	Wonderful Experience	Our family of four stayed at the Millennium Knightsbridge over the Thanksgiving holiday for four nights. The hotel was elegant and immaculate, staff very helpful, conceirge the best I've experienced, the location was ideal for using busses and the Tube. The Tube is within the same block of the hotel. Harrods is around the corner, and Harvey Nichols is on the corner. The hotel is on Sloane Street, also known as the Rodeo Drive of London, Fendi, Versace, Tiffany's, etc. surround the hotel. On the down side, we did not eat at the hotel due to exorbatant pricing. The bed, even for European standards, was hard and all our backs sufferred. The rooms were very small. All of which did not dampen our overall 4-star rating of the hotel.	
Nov 30 2004	Pleasantly surprised	I spent the last weekend at the Millenium Hotel and I was very pleasantly surprised at the high standards as I had read the negative reports by previous visitors who posted here on Tripadvisor. The staff were courtious and helpful. The room was not huge but more than adequate for our needs. The decor was modern and chic. The full english breakfast, which was inclusive in our deal, was one of the nicest I have had. There was an excellent selection of fruits, cereals, breads , meats and yogurts to choose from, followed by an adequate cooked breakfast. All served by attentive and polite staff.I would thoroughly recommend this hotel for its service and excellent location in Knightsbridge.	
Nov 5 2004	Surprised by the positive reviews	I am very surprised to read the positive reviews for this hotel. I found this hotel to be WAY substandard for a supposed 4 star hotel. The room was tiny, decorated in a tacky 80's style, and not terribly clean. The hallways were dimly lit and gloomy. I found the reception staff to be a bit brusque, and the downstairs bar staff was unhelpful. The upstairs bar area is pretty nice and the staff was more pleasant.The location is great, of course.I would not want to stay here again.	
Nov 4 2004	Convenient for Shoppers	We stayed here in May of 2003. The hotel is in a convenient location. The tube station is right around the corner and we were able to take the tube everywhere in London. The buses are also very easy to follow and many stop closeby.Our room was VERY small. The view from our room looked into a run-down building. The lobby is also very small. Everything was clean, modern and well-kept. Breakfast was included in our rate; it's not worth paying for.During the day, there are many stores to browse through. However, I didn't think there was much to do around the area of this hotel at night. After the shops close, the whole area seems to shut down. For dinner, we would take the tube to other areas.We chose this hotel because we found a reasonable rate. If you're in London to shop, this is a good hotel to stay at. However, if you are looking to spend a lot of time in your hotel room, I would suggest somewhere else.	
Oct 3 2004	Ok	Hotel is in a good location close to shopping area of Knightsbridge. It is also in walking distances of other areas buckingham palace and oxford street around 20mins. Hotel it self was OK we got a discounted deal off a reputable website but would not pay the full price. Felt that room was clean but could do with a lick of paint. Ideal for business trips.	
Aug 30 2004	Great Location But Pricey	This is a great location for shopping, but that is the trade off, the rooms are small and the resturaunt in the hotel is pricey-£95 each for a 4 course meal. The pub across the road &quot;the Gloucester&quot; nice for a drink but don't eat there, my girlfriend got food poisioning from it.	
Aug 25 2004	Try another hotel	Just came back from 6 days at this hotel. Was very disappointed. Other than its location in a very desirable section of london (Buckingham palace was within walking distance and designer shopping was literally next door) the hotel is simply not worth your money or time.The room was extremely small, so small that two people could not walk around it at the same time (one always had to move into the bathroom to allow the other one to pass). Our room by the elevator was noisy. Readers should understand that in the summer, families from desert countries come here to vacation, which means that you have kids and families hanging all over the hotel, day and night (with nothing to do mind you). While the concierge was helpful, the evening desk employees need more training. Our room did not contain an in room safe despite the hotel telling us it did. The small lobby safe deposit boxes were either full or broken. Finally the manager on duty was able to get us into a box.We loved London but will not stay here again. Our internet price did not include breakfast, and the hotel charges a ridiculous amount to purchase it. The cafe, Arco around the corner was a pleasant place to visit and we went there several times for breakfast and lunch.	
Jul 10 2004	Comfy and convenient	I've stayed at a few hotels in London and would recommend this one over others in the 4 star category. If you can afford the price, the location is tremendously convenient. Not only is it close to Harrods and the tube, once you are on a train, many locations on the tourist agenda are just a few stops away. Also, you can pick up a double-decker tourist bus right in front of Harrods, just a block and a half away. This bus stops at major tourist spots and you have off/on privileges. The room and bathroom itself are average-sized, but having a huge picture window makes it more pleasant. Skip the room-service and get your meals from Harrods' enormous food halls. Taxi to Victoria station cost us around 5 pounds and train from there to Gatwick was about 12 each. All in all, a comfortable and convenient place to stay!	
Jun 20 2004	Not so hot.	If you're after the shopping, you can't beat the location. Just around the corner from Harrod's, and in the midst of a lot of tony shops. But the rooms are shabby and cramped, it's ok for business traveling, but not so nice for holidays.	
May 27 2004	Good hotel great location if you don't mind the small bathrooms	I highly recommend the Millenium Knightsbridge. It's extremely convenient with Hyde Park, Sloane Square, Knightsbridge within walking distance. You can also easily catch the bus or the tube to Oxford Circus. The hotel offers a lot of amenities, especially compared with other 4-stars. The bed is extremely comfortable. I was able to catch more ZZs here than other hotels I have stayed in London(and that includes luxury boutiques). The only drawback is the small bathroom and closets. The bathroom could also use a little updating, but I guess this is why the hotel is listed as a 4-star only. I would definitely go back!	
May 3 2004	I'll never stay there again	I stayed in this hotel recently for the very first time and there is no way I will ever go back. The staff were quite rude, we were quoted a totally different price on the phone to the one they expected us to pay and when we questioned it they basically said we were liars! The food was disgusting and overpriced. The 'Full English Breakfast' was more like 'Half an English Breakfast' as most of what you would expect to get was classed as an 'extra'. The room was alot smaller than you would expect from the amount they charge for it. Judging from the other reviews I must have just been unlucky this time but I still wouldn't go back.	
Apr 29 2004	Excellent Hotel	Stayed here for a week in mid April. Fantastic location, small but pleasant room, excellent service. Reception and concierge staff could not have been more helpfull.Bar prices are a little expensive, the pub across the road is better to drink in.Will definitly stay here again.	
Apr 18 2004	Great location	This is a nice hotel...friendly and helpful staff. The location is great being close to Harrods and other shopping. Tube stop is minutes away. The pub across the street was nice for an evening drink. Street noise was minimal. This was our first time staying in a hotel in London (have rented flats on past trips) and the room seemed to be on the small side even for European standards. However would still recommend this place.	
Apr 14 2004	great value	Wonderful hotel. Very efficient and friendly staff.The location is as good as you can get, only one minute from the tube.Stayed total of 6 nights, paid a bargain rate of 99 pounds per night (not including 17.5% tax).The toilet is a bit small, but the room is quite large for the price paid.	
Mar 12 2004	First stay in London	We stayed at the Millennium Knightsbridge over my birthday (March 2004.) It was my first time in London and I had a fantastic time. The hotel was well located - only a block from the tube (which was importrant for a quick return to the hotel after several long days of site seeing.) The room was very clean with white linens and the basics you need. The location is a definite selling point. It's across from many swanky shops - (Cartier, Armani, Gucci and of course Harrods - and has several smaller shops and restaturants very nearby. Also, it's quite close to Kensington and Hyde Park, both beautiful places to stroll. Our room was small (just as many reviews stated and is normal in European cities,) but very well appointed. If you desire large accomodations, this may not be the place for you - but if you are looking for a lovely place to stay that is a step or two up from a standard hotel, the Millennium Knihtsbridge is a great place.	
Jan 13 2004	Great Location....	5 night stay during the New Year's holiday break. Excellent location to tube and shopping. The restaurant was undergoing renovation during our stay, so food service was limited. There is a nice pub directly across the street. Received excellent service from the friendly staff...the concierge was great! We would stay here again!	
Dec 20 2003	stay at this hotel !	stylish hotel, very well located for Tube and buses and lots of good restaurants nearby. Excellent shopping location a 10 min walk to Harrods and 3 mins to Harvey Nichols not to mention Gucci next door. Staff friendly and very helpful. Rooms are very comfortable and clean, although agree that they are on the small side. The room service menu is lovely...............	
Nov 12 2003	Great Hotel Great Location		
Oct 18 2003	A pleasure		
Sep 5 2003	A Pleasent Experience		
Sep 1 2003	Lovely Hotel		
Aug 23 2003	Great deal		
Jul 26 2003	Excellent hotel and good price		
Jul 10 2003	Great hotel best location!		
Jun 10 2003	Great Stay Overall		
Jun 10 2003	Fab Hotel great location		
Jan 27 2003	Great hotel even better location!		
Sep 28 2009 	troppo caro!!!		
Jul 4 2009 	Business		
May 4 2009 	No merece la pena		
Mar 30 2009 	mi sono trovata benissimo		
Jan 13 2009 	????????		
Dec 12 2008 	Hotel chic ed elegante		
