	Marriott calls this a 5 star hotel---it is not even close!!!	We just got back from this hotel. What a disappointment. Its Website represents it as a 5 star hotel, claiming robes and slippers in room, turn down service and daily newspapers. None of that proved to be true. The website features a hotel that looks very contemporary and well kept up. The rooms we were assigned were very small (web says spacious) and in need of renovation. The carpet was almost bare, the wallpaper was dirty and the wood work was banged up. The bathroom was so small that the door to it could not even open up wide as it would hit the toilet when it was about 1/2 open.Service was spotty. Several times we came back to the room and still had dirty glasses that were not replaced.We were charge 3 pounds each to print off our boarding passes. I have never heard of that!The only good thing about the hotel was that its location was fabulous. The neighborhod is great to walk around.One of our friends is an employee of a Marriott subsidiary. He asked to pay for an upgrade as his partner was celebrating a birthday. He was told the hotel had NO rooms available-right! He wasn't even offered a complimentary breakfast. I am glad I don't work for the Marriott chain!Don't go here unless you don't intend to spend time in the rooms.	
	Great reliable hotel experience.	I travel often for business and enjoy the Marriott London Grosvenor Square. The hotel is very comfortable with nearly all the standard amenities. The hotel gym is small and there is no pool but the surrounding area is very safe so outdoor cardio is easy. The hotel is also convenient to lots of restaurants, shopping, and the tube when I'm not working. The only criticisms I have are that the wireless internet connection can be very flaky and the hotel restaurant / bar are not easily accessible. If you want to get a drink or a nosh at the hotel bar after a long day, you will likely have to find a pub because the restaurant (Maize) will be booked, even the bar stools.	
Nov 13 2009 	Great Stay at Grosvenor Square	This is a great hotel and really good location. Quite spot, but not too far to walk to Picaddily Circus. Maze is a great restaurant, be sure to make reservations early, it fills up. The rooms are very nice, great bed, very nice large bathroom. Overall a wonderful stay and would definitely stay there again when in London.	
Nov 3 2009 	Complete disaster caused by noisy function	Arrived at hotel. Concierge suggested park own car so what's the point of the valet? Told that there would be noise in ballroom until 11pm so requested room change to quiet room. Returned to room at midnight noisy function still on. Told mistake by banqeting. Staff promised quiet function still on at 1.15. Couldn't sleep so asked for car which had been eventually valeted at car park 500 yards away. Told no-one insured to get car so left hotel to look for it ourselves leaving behind smirking front office staff and ineffectual duty manager and uninsured hall porter. RECOMMENDATION Stay at a cheap guest house rather than the Marriott and park your own car you'll get better service.	
Nov 1 2009 	A royal stay in London	My first trip to London and was very pleased to be in this location proximal to many sights and easy access to transportation. This was a lovely hotel , very spacious room with many ammenities including warming towel rack, immense shower head, bathrobes and slippers. The bed was king sized , very comfortable with very white , clean crisp sheets. The staff were very friendly efficient and helpful and took care of any issues quickly. I would recommend this hotel very highly and would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 18 2009 	Fab Hotel Excellent Location	I have recently just returned from the Marriott Grosvenor Square Hotel staying there for a two nights to attend a conference and awards gala dinner with my husband.Check in was swift and the receptionist very friendly.Our room was lovely - nicely decorated, very clean with enough space. The bed was huge and the most comfortable bed I've slept in - only downside was the pillows were very soft. The bathroom was small but had eveything that your wanted. A hairdryer was also in the room. There was lots of wardrobe space, also iron and ironing board. There was also an electronic safe, tea and coffee making facilities and mini bar in the room. The mini bar was very expensive. My husband had to contact reception for our tea and coffee to be stocked up and they brought some more within minutes of his request. A duty manager then contacted him to make sure that he was happy with everything.We were booked in for breakfast in the Maze restaraunt which was included in our price. Breakfast was amazing - lots of choice - well presented with very attentive staff. My husband went sightseeing whilst I attended the conference. The hotel is in an excellent location to be able to walk to many of the famous sights ie Buckingham Palace, Houses of Parliment, Downing Street, London Eye to name but a few. We were only just round the corner from Oxford Street, so brilliant for any shopaholics. Bond Street tube is the nearest tube station, but when we were travelling back to Kings Cross we found it easier to walk further up Oxford Street for the tube as you then didn't have to change tubes. There are several little restaurants just round the corner from the hotel. We ate in Bella Italia on our first night - food was fantastic, and so was the atmosphere.Only downside to the hotel was how expensive the bar was - we had a bottle of beer and vodka and tonic came to £16 which we thought was excessiv, even for London prices.Overall we had a relaxing time in London made special by the very friendly staff who couldn't do enough for us. Would certainly go back again.	
Oct 18 2009 	The most disapointing breakfast ever	As I went to go the breakfast, and saw Gordon Ramsey's name on the restaurant, I was pretty excited. There was no buffet offered, just ala carte items. I ordered the French Toast. Four of the flimsiest piece of bread came out that I have ever seen. If this meal had come out during a taping of Hell's Kitchen, they would have been thrown out of the kitchen! A serious rip off.Location is great. Rooms are clean. Music blares until about 1 am.	
Oct 17 2009 	Superb location Great value and service--highly recommend	We would highly recommend the Marriott London Grosvenor Square Hotel. We stayed 7 nights and enjoyed our stay immensely. Our room was quiet, clean and spacious--a wonderful oasis of calm to return to after a full day and evening of museums, concerts, dining and exploring London. (We upgraded to a superior park view room and loved it)Staff are extremely professional and concierge are very helpful in every way (Harry especially). Loved the neighbourhood with Allens across the street for a great breakfast and latte and Bella Italia down the street for excellent value meals,open til late hours. Grosvenor Park is lovely and worth a stroll. Ask for a room on the upper floors overlooking the Park. The hotel's location is amazing---very classy neighbourhood and accessible to everything you might want to visit. Our stay was the best. Many thanks.	
Oct 12 2009 	We keep coming back for more!!	Stayed for the 4th time for 7 nights. Used reward points. Nice room on 4th floor overlooking Duke Street. Very nice as always. Barley Mow pub next door is good place to relax, fish and chips etc. Central to everything. I run in Hyde Park every day and it is close by. The little store across street is nice for snacks etc. Room service is expensive. Did not use. Lots of restaurants close by. Food court a Selfridges great for snacks for the room. Coffee bar across street. We are planning our next trip and will continue to come back.	
Sep 27 2009 	Marriott Mayfair and Maze	Stayed on business but accompanied by my wife partly as it was also our wedding anniversary.Ideal location just off Oxford street and Bond Street surrounded by restaurants with Gordon Ramsey's Maze within the building.We had a Club room that had its own patio garden within the hotel's central courtyard.Semi-private quiet outdoor space in Mayfair! (admittedley overlooked by many of the rooms)The room is &quot;contemporary designer&quot; style recently done (2008). The wall between the bathroom and bedroom slides so that if you are in the bath you can be in full view of the bedroom and sitting area if you so desire (actually a full length bath would have been more practical but less noteworthy.There is an executive lounge for those in Club rooms and those who wish to pay for it, that provides complementary drinks and snacks through out the day and an honour bar for alcohol day and night. Breakfast which was excellent (smoked salmon and scrambled eggs was served daily with never more than 10 people present.Maze restaurant which is a seperate business within the structure of the same building was &quot;food as art &quot; £60 for a seven course tasting menu, good value (BLT sandwich was actually semi-liquid in a glass!). There is an excellent Bella Italia 50m away which was also full when we ate there (£10 per head).The only downside is that the function rooms transmit their noise thru the airconditioning vents to the ground floor premium Club rooms. There was an Indian Wedding on the Bank holiday Sunday until midnight which we could live with but this was followed on Wednesday with a bar mitzvah until 12.25am. The manager responded promptly to our complaint and offered a very good discount but this must be causing them big problems. Be specific when you book if you want a quiet room ,we were told noise does not effect the upper floors.	
Sep 26 2009 	Over-priced and nickel-and-dime ripoffs from there! Avoid this!	Even London's Pret-A-Manger outlets offer free WiFi/internet these days. Yet this Marriott wants $15 pounds day (say $26 USD a day!) for in-room internet connectivity. There is NO free internet access in the lobby. Forget their business center - that is just as expensive (and who knows what additoinal charges will accrue once you've wandered into their business center). This greedy Marriott wants 5 pounds per minute to make a local call (to somebody's local mobile/cell phone).  I'm appalled. I cannot begin to cover the massive, obscene list of nickel-and-dime ripoffs at this Marriott. For any number reasons, along any number of dimensions, this is *NOT* at all like any Marriott property in the U.S.A. Beware! This property works like one big mini-bar. Beyond the nefarious ploys to extract additional dollars/pounds, this Marriott has problems on every other dimension. We requested a Taxi one day. The doorman told us to hike down to Oxford street and flag one down ourselves. Just great!  I don't see how they get away with calling themselves a Marriott. I suppose there is some kind of Marriott management gap due to the Atlantic Ocean. Maybe they get some slack since they have a really nice location (in the Mayfair district - near the U.S. Embassy and Grosvenor Square). Be careful about using Marriott rewards points to stay here. If you do, they will stick you in the oldest/smallest room, remove any/all breakfast options, fail to deliver the morning newspapers (that everyone else gets) and so on and so on.  Even worse, they will claim that they are some sort of super-exclusive, high-end Marriott (level 6 or something). Don't be fooled. This is basically a Holiday Inn Express - with a ridiculous panoply of ploys to soak customers for endless pounds/dollars. It amazes me that they can call themselves a Marriott. In the U.S., I've never had a problem with a Marriott property. In London, I'd rather try the Lanesborough Hotel. I haven't seen their rooms, but their English Tea Service is spectacular. They are right at Knightsbridge (next to Buckingham Palace, the Wellington Arch, Hyde Park and the Wellington Museum).	
Sep 24 2009 	Great Location	Great Location,walkable to most of the city centre shopping and sights,Room tad small but comfortable and clean.Had one of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in.Breakfast good,though room service very overpriced.Front desk and concierge very freindly.Overall Very Good!	
Sep 5 2009 	Fabulous location	I stayed here for a long weekend in July and really enjoyed the experience. We booked a room overlooking Grosvenor Square, and it was truly a pleasure to look out the window every day and see the lovely trees and the well-maintained park. We arrived early in the morning and I didn't expect the room to be ready at that time, which it wasn't. However, the very charming lady who checked us in, took my mobile number and said she would call when the room became ready, so we set off for a coffee nearby. Sure enough, around 11 am, she called to say we could check in, and I thought this was a great service.The room itself wasn't the largest room I have ever stayed in, but it was perfectly adequate and the modern decoration and comfortable surroundings certainly made up for the size. My only small niggle was that there was one of those signs in the bathroom saying that in order to save the planet we should hang up our towels and re-use them. I would have been quite happy to do this, except there was no towel rail in the bathroom to hang them on, and the hook on the back of the door was already occupied by a bathrobe. So we had no option but to chuck them on the floor, or in the bath tub. Bit daft not to have a towel rail.Location-wise, it is possible to walk everywhere from here. We walked to Bond Street, and on to Regent Street, then on to Trafalgar Square, ended up in Covent Garden and then down to the Strand and over the bridge (I think it was Waterloo Bridge). It was a long walk, and we took a taxi back, but Grosvenor Square is certainly very centrally located.All in all, I loved staying here for the premium location (couple of blocks to Selfridges), the lovely view from the room and the friendliness of the staff. The concierge was a hoot!I would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 1 2009 	American style in London	Hotels in London are a challenge - usually small rooms that are very expensive. Therefore, when visiting for just one night at the end of a 2 week holiday, we burned some Marriott miles and splurged at the Grosvenor. Proved to be a wise decision. We had a Superior room with access to the club lounge (which provided breakfast). The room was spacious, with a lovely, large bath. The location is reasonably convenient - only 2 blocks from the Bond St. tube stop and close to lots of Oxford Street shopping. The feeling of being in London was palpable. I'm just glad we did it on the cheap!	
Aug 31 2009 	Great location poor service	I certainly can't fault the location. Within a stones throw of Oxford Street yet located on the relatively peaceful Grosvenor Square, The room was also excellent, a club room with terrace area. However, there was a wedding reception taking place on the night of our stay. The music from the reception was extremely loud and clearly audible from the lobby. However, we were alarmed that we could hear it loud and clear from our room. We expected that they would have the sound turned down in the evening but by 11.30pm it was still thumping. I rang reception to complain and the music was eventually turned down. No guest should be put in a position to ask for loud music to be turned down, particularly in a 5 star hotel. We also had breakfast delivered to our room but a couple of items were substituted with other things. We thought that b'fast was included in our rate but upon checking out we were told that breakfast was only included if we ate it in the club lounge. Nobody informed us of this and we were charged the full amount for breakfast when we had only expected to pay a room service fee. We had to stand firm at check out and insist that we would not pay for the breakfast as it was not made clear to us that we could only eat in the club lounge. We also mentioned the noise problem at time of checking out only to be told that we booked a club room which is located on a low floor and therefore close to where the wedding receptions are held. How could we have known this..? One member of checkout staff also acted unprofessionally by interefering while we were discussing our concerns with the receptionist at check out. Overall, a great location, great rooms but lousy customer service.	
Aug 20 2009 	Had a great time staying at this beautiful hotel	This is a wonderful hotel. We found it very peaceful even though it is very central in London and close to some very busy shopping and tourist areas.We had a large room with a bed for our children. The room was clean and everything seemed perfect- no problems at all with the room. The bathroom was large and very well appointed.We upgraded so that we could use the lounge in the basement which was a big plus because we could then have breakfast there each morning as well as water and drinks throughout the day. The decor in the lounge is odd but it is overall a nice plus to have access to it.The restaurant (the Maze) is a Gordon Ramsey restaurant and very difficult to get into- i suggest booking as soon as you book your room at the hotel if you want to eat there. It is pricey and the food was too exotic for our children.The staff were great and we had a wonderful experience at this hotel. I would highly recommend it to anyone traveling in London and wanting a quiet retreat at the end of the day.	
Aug 17 2009 	Brightest part of my day	When I checked into the Marriott London Grosvenor Square Hotel, I had had one of those days where when someone asks you how your day was you bluntly tell them. So I was super appreciative to the welcome staff who changed my room to give me a king size bed, smoking room with a view. I was there fore only one night, but it was the most comfort right when I needed it. Great bed, nicely appointed room, tasty and fast room service, and quiet. I would, and will, stay again.	
Aug 7 2009 	5 Star Hotel	The London Grosvenor Square Marriott is a top notch hotel, from the doorman to the concierge to the front desk. Everyone is extremely helpful, and the service is excellent. Free internet would have been nice, but thats ok. Everything about this hotel is 5-star.	
Jul 27 2009 	Expensive but worth it!!!	Excellent Location- upscale location a few blocks from Bond Street tube station. Near Hyde Park and Kensington Gardens. Spacious rooms by European standards (a bit smaller than our US Marriott rooms) with luxurious bathrooms (completely tiled). Breakfast was included and the food was great. I would stay here again on my next visit.	
Jul 11 2009 	Awesome London hotel	This hotel is wonderful. The location is ideal being just a block from all the shops on Oxford Street including Selfridges (right on the corner) and Topshop (a few more blocks away.) The room was large by London standards and up to Marriott quality levels in the States. The room service is delicious since it comes from Gordon Ramsey's restaurant in the hotel and it's available 24 hours a day which is convenient. Only drawback was not having an affordable breakfast option in the hotel, but there are plenty of places to eat nearby. Also, the wireless internet is quite expensive.	
May 21 2009 	Fabulous location and staff	We simply cannot say enough about the Marriot Grosvenor Square. Located ideally -- across from the American and Canadian Embassies, three blocks from Bond Street station, Hyde Park, or the Connaught, and a short walk to Berkeley Square, Buckingham Palace, and Saville Row. Beautiful new renovated tooms (on 3d and 6th floor as of April 09), and a very nicely appointed club room with good food throughout the day. Most importantly, the concierges were among the best we have experienced. They searched for, and found, just the right restaurants for us (not easy with two kids under 10 but still a desire to eat well); they even found us a very good French restaurant that was not outlandandishly expensive by calling their colleagues at other hotels. Wonderful all around.	
May 21 2009 	Fantastic Hotel! Excellent choice for a short break!	We went to the Marriott London Grosvenor Square with our 4 year old son for a long w/e. Location is amazing; just off Oxford street, close to BOnd street tube station, walking distance to bus stops and Selfridges. The room they gave us (Superior I think) was absolutely fantastic, HUGE for London standards (in a previous stay we were appointed a tiny small room where we could hardly fit our luggage and cot bed) and decoration was new and very nice. It was on the 4th floor overlooking the hotel open terrace. For breakfast we had access to the business lounge; business lounge was very pleasant with internet access, pc, newspapers, magazines, quite small and intimate. They also served a breakfast there which had a small selection indeed but wasn't too bad; I must admit that they could do better there but it was truly ok (they had coffee, tea, juices, scrubbled eggs, some cheese and cereals and fresh fruit).If I need to go back to London, I would definitely go back there!!!	
May 10 2009 	Terrific Hotel and greatlocation	We stayed for 7 nights and I can't say enough about this hotel. The location,ambiance, friendly staff and being close to transit all made for an ideal stay. Three of us in a double room and it was big enough for all. A tip-choose to pay for the use of the executive lounge.It's worth it! Food galore and the best capuccino machine around.This was our first trip to London and the hotel added to a memorable experience. I've traveled much for bothbusiness and pleasure, this hotel ranks quite high for the value you get for the price.	
Apr 23 2009 	A great place to stay to visit London	My husband, 10 year old son and I just returned from a 5 day trip to London. We stayed 4 nights at the Marriott Grosvenor Square and couldn't have been more pleased. We had a room on the third floor, which we were told had been renovated fairly recently. The room had two comfortable double beds, enough space so that we weren't tripping on each other, and a nicely appointed bathroom with a good shower. It was very clean, pleasant and comfortable. All the staff we dealt with were friendly, pleasant and helpful, particularly the concierge. The location was great too. It was an easy 3 minute walk to the nearest underground station (Bond St.) and walking distance to lots of great shopping and restaurants. The area felt very safe to walk around in, day or night. We got a pretty good deal on our room (about $300/night) and would happily go back.	
Apr 22 2009 	exellent location for everything	very nice easter holiday, i stayed with the children in a newly renovated roomthe bathroom was not renovated at the floor level as it shows in the photo included, quiet and close to everything in the city of london.has access to lounge club with brekfast and snacks all day.it is a 5*	
Apr 14 2009 	Nice looking hotel - good location - staff was just ok	I decided to stay at this hotel after attending a conference in London and staying at the Crowne Plaza St. James (see separate review). My friend and I wanted just a few extra days in London before leaving to see some sights. I was not pleased with the first hotel I stayed in so I was really looking forward to moving here. My first experience was not that great. I went to check-in and was told they could not find my reservation. The lady who was helping me did not at all seemed concerned. When I asked if there was internet in the lobby so I could pull up my reservation on my laptop I was told it'd be 5 pounds! Finally she gave me a slip to go down to the business center so I could look it up. I went down to print it out and by the time I got up somehow they had mysteriously found it. It was just a little odd. The room itself was nice - I was in room 308 with two double beds and a nice view of the Grosvenor Square. The room had been recently updated and was beautiful - nice, comfy beds and very clean. The room and especially the bathroom was on the small side but nicely appointed with marble, dark wood finishes, and good amenities. The location was great too - we were very close to the Bond Street tube station, Oxford Street, Hyde Park, Bond Street - I would say if you are in London to do some shopping this would probably be a great place for you to stay. It's definitely a very crowded area but that also means lots of stores and restaurants nearby. We did not eat at the restaurant. I peeked into the gym - very small, nothing special. They did have wireless internet but it was 15 pounds a night which is very pricey. The &quot;business center&quot; was just a tiny room with two desktop computers and a printer - so I would say this not a business friendly hotel.Overall though it was a nice hotel with a good location, but the staff is where they could improve - it was one of those places where if you walked up to the front desk or concierge, you had to be the first one to actually speak - they didn't exactly go out of there way to help you. If I stayed in London again, I think I'd try another place.	
Apr 1 2009 	Convenient Location Poor services and very expensive	The hotel location was great and the beds were fabulous but everything else fell down the wayside. The service was very poor and they failed to meet my requests on every occasion. They advertise fridges being available for your room but there weren't any it took 2 hours and 4 attempts to get some ice in the room and on the last attempt the receptionist finally had the common sense to tell me that there was an ice mackine that you could go to. There is no bed and breakfast option as the only bar and restaurant are franchised out to Gordon Ramsay so unless you want to pay over £20 each for breakfast you have to eat out which quite frankly I find unacceptable especially when I asked for a bnb rate at the time of booking. We only drank once in the bar as one glass of wine and one bottle of lager was a rediculously stupid £17 with an expected 12.5% service charge. You expect London charges to be a bit OTT but this hotel is taking the michael. The bedroom was nice but the bathroom was very small and dingy with a tiny bath. Oh and they wanted £15 to use wifi its about time Marriott came in line with the rest of the world with free wifi. WEhen you pay these room prices you dont expect to be ripped off with everything.	
Mar 28 2009 	Construktion Noise Around The Room Without Any Notice	The staff in reception where rude when we have prebooked a non smoker room and say that they couldn't give that garanty to us as this named 5 star hotel.First night was in a room where we've been wake up with lot of noise from workmen in the early morning.The reception have not warned us against anything. Have to move room.Cold not get a tabel in the restaurant even we where custemer at the hotel.	
Mar 28 2009 	Very nice quiet but close to stuff	You wouldn't know that you are only a couple of blocks from Oxford street shopping. Really big department stores and lots of people. I think the room prices are a bit on the high side, but we were using our Marriott Rewards points. Several places to eat within walking distance. Bond St. is the closest tube station. No traffic noise, but the hotel seems to be popular for events, like wedding receptions, on the weekends. We did not make it to Gordon Ramsey's restaurant, which is attached, but the menu looks nice. A couple of good antique malls are close by as well if you're into that kind of thing.	
Mar 27 2009 	Great location Terrible Staff	The hotel is fine, the staff were very unhelpful &amp; sometimes rude. There were works going on in hotel, but we were not advised of this while booking in. Thought that because of the expensive rates, this should have been advised. Enjoyed the weekend in London, but if going next time, would chose another hotel.	
Mar 23 2009 	Gorgeous Place!!!	This hotel is not cheap, but it's worth every penny!The staff was excellent, the location is convenient, the rooms were clean, and the food was terrific - Gordon Ramsay's Maze Grille is in this hotel! I cannot ask for a better hotel!	
Mar 16 2009 	Best Valentine"s Day in the Best Hotel	We spent 2 nights in this wonderful and lovely Hotel with my Love.This was our first Valentine's Day together.Everything was exelent,and our room was so romantic,and beautiful. Our favourite was the Marriott bed with the pillows:) Hope we will come back one day again.	
Mar 12 2009 	Very nice hotel a bit pricy	Visited London and stayed at Marriott during summer vacation. Very nice hotel, good location (Mayfair). We were very satisfied with the service.However, consider your budget, because it is a bit costly. If you are not cost-sensitive, you will leave satisfied.	
Mar 4 2009 	Will make for a special trip.	Upgraded myself to a club room at it was the best decision. Rooms are GORGEOUS! With garden tub, faux fire places large 4 post bed and lots of room. Even had a terrace. Perfect for a romatic weekend!	
Feb 22 2009 	Lovely stay!	We stayed in this hotel for a short weekend visit. We were upgraded to an executive room which was very spacious, extremely comfortable and looked as if it has undergone a recent refurbishment. The hotel is also conveniently located with many major attractions, such as Hyde Park, Oxford Street and Buckingham Palace, within walking distance. We would not hesitate in staying in this hotel again.	
Feb 7 2009 	The New Look	We love the new look 'Club Rooms' which were very contemporary and comfortable. Suit the classy location and status of the hotel.Breakfast in the rooms was yummy too. We'll be back.	
Feb 6 2009 	great hotel!	We loved our stay at the marriot hotel! The hotel looks beautiful and the service is excellent. It's also very clean. The rooms are big and everything you need is there. The breakfast was also very nice, there's a lot to choose from. The location is also very good, it's just a few steps away from oxford street! We would certainly advise other people to go there.	
Feb 3 2009 	feeling the experience in a luxury chic and classic hotel	I stayed at the hotel with my friend. When we entered the hotel we were embraced with this touch of chic and clasic that offers the hotel. Its location is excellent, being situated in fashinable Myfair near the famous Oxford Street. The hotel athmospere was very warm and our room was cosy and confortable. Nevertheless, the strong point of the hotel was its personnel. They were very friendly, offering always personalized service and showing a lot of passion for their work, which lead us to live a great experience in this hotel. I would for sure repete when I will be back to London, an amazing city!	
Feb 1 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	This is a great hotel in a fabulous location.All the staff were exceptionally polite and helpful from the moment out taxi arrived to the moment we left; they took the trouble to make us feel special.The hotel is beautifully maintained and absolutely spotless with great attention to detail.We dined in the Maze Grill, on site and had a wonderful meal. OK, it's basically steak, but well prepared and the starters and desserts were exceptional with attentive and discreet service.The rooms are a little small and the walls maybe a little thin, but this was only a problem when the couple in the next room had a blazing row!Just a short walk from the hotel is the designer shops on New Bond Street or the more affordable ones of Oxford Street. The square itself is a haven of peace and nice to walk around and have your photo taken with Eisenhower!Can't recommend it enough.	
Jan 21 2009 	Lovely hotel in the heart of London	I stayed in the hotel for two nights, for a quick city trip to London. From the moment we walked into the hotel we felt we were special, all the staff was extremely helpful and attentive. The check in was very smooth and we were upgraded since the hotel was not fully booked, how good can it be. The room was in the traditional Marriott style, which I personally like. Also the club lounge was looking very good and you can see it is taken care of with great enthusiasm, my regards go out to I believe it was Robin, we got a very warm welcome and a you can tell it is a person who is passionate about his job. I felt bad I had to leave after two nights already, but after my stay in this hotel, Im sure I will be making short visits to London more often in the future, and no doubt I will be staying in this hotel again!	
Jan 11 2009 	Great Location for the London Experience	Location of this hotel is the real winner on why you would choose to stay here. It is located just off Oxford St. where any shopper would be at home, with all the other great London shopping areas along with Piccadilly Circus within 30-45 mins walk, if you don’t get caught up sight seeing en-route. Bond St underground station is also only 5 mins walk so access to places further a field via the underground like the London Eye is all accessible from this hotel.Hotel service upon arrival was pleasant and friendly with some good advice given by the concierge on London sights. Room itself was small given previous Marriott hotels I’ve stayed at, though this is probably due to the age thus layout of the building, therefore cannot be compared to say the new build hotels in the US I’ve stayed at. Apart from the size the room had all the amenities you would expect at a Marriott and was very comfortable.We didn’t get the chance to try any of the hotel restaurants but recommend you find a nice restaurant on St Christopher’s Place which is a quiet haven from the Oxford St. bustle. We also loved the trendy steak house named Gaucho near Tower Bridge which was pricey but worth it!Overall, a great hotel for any London sightseer or shopper!	
Dec 26 2008 	Great hotel	My wife and I recently spent 6 pleasant nights at this fine hotel in London. We had booked another Marriott hotel but changed to this one because it is closer to the places that we wanted to go to. We arrived on Dec. 13, 2008 (a Saturday) around 2:45PM and was given a room on the 2nd floor. I have requested a higher floor room when I booked our room on Marriott's website and asked the young lady if we can get a higher floor room. She checked and told us she would not be able to give us one for about another hour. We told her that we would like a higher floor room and would just wait in the lobby. Less than 1 minute after we sat down, one of the staff members came over and asked us if he could offer us something warm to drink as it was cold and wet outside. We took up his offer and got a cup of coffee and tea. Less than 15 minutes later, the same young lady that checked us in earlier came over and told us our room is ready. She gave us the keys and our breakfast vouchers and also showed us where to take the elevator (lift).We found our room at the end of a hallway on the 5th floor. It was very clean, nicely decorated, equipped with a flat screen TV and spacious for the 2 of us. Best of all, it was quiet, the rate of 205 GBP and includes daily full breakfast for 2 at the &quot;Maze&quot; Grill. Since we just flew in from California, we were both very tired. We went out. got something to eat, and returned to our room and went to bed. The next morning, we found a note from the night maid telling us that she couldn't turn down our bed because we had the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign out. What service! We also receive a newspaper every morning.Overall, we enjoyed our stay at the hotel and would definitely return again. The hotel and restaurant staff was very friendly, the room was clean and quiet and the hotel was just where we want to be to go to different places. We couldn't find anything to complaint other than a false fire alarm at about 7:45 one morning. There was some construction going on next to the hotel, but the workers were just removing the scaffoldings and were not too loud.	
Dec 16 2008 	DO NOT STAY HERE	This is an appalling hotel, does not live up to marriott standards, was very disappointed. Had reserved a club room. When arrived at 10pm there was a function on with very loud music. All the club rooms are on first floor. The club room was extremely small, no bath in bathroom, no room around bed to move. The music from downstairs was very loud. We returned to reception immediately. We had to downgrade to a room on an upper floor. This room had not been refurbished since the 70s or 80s. We also tried to book dinnner in either the Maze restaurant or Maze grill for sat night. We were told both were booked out. We couldnt have dinner in the hotel restaurant even though we were residents!!!! On the saturday we returned to the room at 2:30pm and the housekeeping had not yet attended the room. We had to ring for the room to be cleaned, We ordered two sandwiches for room service which were soggy and very unappetising and were charged 40 ponds sterling. We ordered breakfast to the room, we got pancakes, juice and tea, 44 pounds sterling!!! On departure they tried to charge us for the original club room that we never stayed in for an extortionate amount of money. Usually marriott hotels are a safe bet, but definitely DO NOT STAY AT MARRIOTT GROSVENOR LONDON!!!!!	
Dec 13 2008 	Pleasant Great location Friendly staff	We had a very nice stay . We were returning from a 2 week stay in Africa and stopped over on our way home. It was pleasant, staff was friendly and helpful, breakfast was nice. Rooms were clean, a little small but efficient. Breakfast room looked out to the park across the street close to the US Embassy. Bed was comfortable. We used points to stay and enjoyed our visit. London is great and the hotel is convenient to everything. We would stay again !!	
Dec 12 2008 	Romantic weekend with a bit of Christmas shopping	From the moment we arrived to the morning we let we knew we were somewhere special. The doorman let us in and took our bags the warm reception and warm welcome by the staff helped us to relax after our flight, train and taxi journey. The room was luxurious and very comfortable. The location of the hotel for shopping is unbeatable, with in 30 seconds your in Oxford Street. I think my wife returned to the Hotel loaded down with bags at least three times. The executive lounge is a get place to relax and have a drink after a days shopping before getting ready to join in the nightlife of London. Great Hotel, great staff, great location, I'll go back again.	
Dec 2 2008	A little piece of Heaven!!!	Just back from a three night break from The London Marriott at Grosvenor Square London. (Fri Sat and Sun) To give you an idea of the type of person I am and what floats my boat. I'm a 40 year old professional who like reasonable quality things especially good food, pleasant surroundings and good manners.I was very taken with this hotel. (I go to London at least one a year) The room my friend and I stayed in was a deluxe room (No 230) It was on the second floor and was not as modern as the newly renovated rooms on the club floor. However to me a hotel bedroom is for sleeping washing and storing my purchases and our room although a little small did everything it said on the tin. It was clean the beds were comfortable and it had one of the better showers I've used in hotels. The décor was non offensive but having seen the pictures of the club room it did seems a little dated. We were given toiletries, robes, slippers and it had a nice flat screen TV a good hair-dryer and was fitted with worldwide plug sockets. Our room was on the second floor at the front of the hotel and on one evening there was a Jewish wedding but we never heard a thing and my friend is a very light sleeper. The hotel is located seconds from Oxford Street and 5 minutes walk from Regents Street when walking.The two best elements of this hotel for me were the Gordon Ramsay Grill room which served breakfast every morning. Waiter service with no buffet which I liked. If you like to fill your plate this isn't the place for you but if you like good quality food served with good service and a pleasant smile then this is the one.The staff in this hotel could not be faulted they were well mannered helpful and took the time to chat which made the holiday for me. Would I go to this hotel again YES YES and YES and now that I have the Concierge's business card I hope to dine in the restaurant for dinner which books out months in advance. That is how good it is.Score out of 10.......... 10 without a doubt.Marriott Grosvenor Square see you next year!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Nov 9 2008 	Great efficient hotel - watch the front though	Great efficient hotel. All details correct, 2 upgrades for colleagues.Warned by reception that a party/disco still had an hour to go and was offered a higher floor room.Would suggest that a room NOT on the front is better - general noise all night and lorries/trucks from 0600 hrs.Will go back though - lounge for Gold Elite good and Club rooms nice.	
Oct 21 2008 	A messed up Marriott	I have stayed in Marriott Hotels all over the world and this one really does not live up to expectations. The good news is that if you want a location that is in the Mayfair area then this fits the bill. The bad news is that there are a lot of other hotels from which to choose and you just made the wrong choice!I have stayed at the hotel several times over the last three months and each time there have been issues. One time I was told that I was being &quot;upgraded&quot; to one of the &quot;recently renovated rooms&quot;. The renovation was so recent that there were guys still painting the corridor! The room was OK but overlooked one of the side streets. The noise was constant. If it wasn't a garbage truck it was construction.More recently I stayed in one of their &quot;non-renovated&quot; rooms which was OK with one minor exception; namely the bathroom. It was smaller than my walk-in closet and trust me that isn't that big either! I have never seen a bathroom that small.As for Maze I must admit I was rather put off when my colleagues and I went to sit at the bar to be told &quot;you can't sit there unless you are having dinner&quot;. No, &quot;excuse me&quot; or &quot;can I help you&quot;. Maybe it's part of the Gordon Ramsey &quot;attitude&quot;???? All-in-all I would not recommend this hotel to anyone who has a choice. Unfortunately I don't at the moment ... it's on the company's &quot;preferred vendor&quot; list!	
Oct 2 2008 	Plenty better places	We were booked into a Club level room, and were pleasantly surprised by the size and decor (we had one of the newly-decorated Club rooms, with a small patio). Our parents (in their late 50s) were previous fans of this hotel, but were rather disappointed that the Club rooms were now very modern, rather than their previous &quot;Chintzy&quot; style. I had booked them the same room category as us, but their room was tiny in comparison - barely enough room to fit round the bed, and a very small bathroom (no bath) which could accommodate only one person.Our problems began at 10:30pm, when the music from the function room below us woke me up. I called Reception and was told that it would be going on until at least 1am. Attempts to reduce the volume failed, and eventually we had to be moved - the music was so loud there was simply no chance of sleep. The Duty Manager said he would send room keys for an alternative room up to us. Ten minutes elapsed and no room keys materialised - I called to query this and was told that he had posted them under the door of the room we were moving to! By this time it was 11:30pm. Eventually another member of staff showed us to the new room. The room was dirty, with bedding everywhere - obviously housekeeping hadn't been in to clean the room. We were then moved to a suite on the 4th floor which was positively ancient in decor and furnishings. The bed was supremely uncomfortable and the facilities dated. Still, by this time we were simply desperate to sleep, and took what we were given.At check-out we asked to speak to a Manager, as I certainly wasn't paying the full £350 per night charge only to be moved at virtually midnight. After a lengthy delay we simply could wait no longer, yet no Manager appeared. In the end, the hotel charged us a half-rate, which was some compensation.I don't understand why the newly-refurbished rooms have not been adequately sound-proofed - that would certainly have avoided our problems. Also, why place your more expensive Club rooms directly above your function room? Why not allocate rooms above the function room to those attending the function? Still, even if the room had been perfect, there were still too many niggly problems, like service at the front desk being slow and housekeeping being incompetent and rude. Allegedly this is Marriott's flagship hotel in London. I can't understand why - they are resting on their laurels and making no effort to give the customer a good experience. It's certainly not worth the prices they charge.Go somewhere else. We went to Brown's Hotel (also in Mayfair) this weekend and the difference between the two could not have been greater. The price differential wasn't huge, but the service and experience as a whole was just so much better at Browns.	
Sep 7 2008 	Typical Marriott Experience	Our recent stay at the Marriott at Grosvenor Square was to be expected for a large Marriott. The location in the Mayfair neighborhood is perfect, providing walking access to thoroughfares like Oxford and New Bond Streets, and neighborhoods like Marylebone, Soho, Knightsbridge, Westminster, etc. Marriott Grosvenor Square is also home to a Gordon Ramsey restaurant, Maze. The rooms are extremely dated, although the hotel apparently updated a floor of Garden Suites. Highlights include the very comfortable beds, hair dryer, &quot;American&quot; 110V outlet, and lowlights include construction noise during the day, grimy bathrooms, and extremely expensive wireless internet (20 pounds/day...). If you are looking for luxury, this is not the place; if you are looking for location, look no further!	
Sep 7 2008 	I want to live in this hotel!!!	Stayed in this hotel for only a couple of days but wish it had been much more. We used our Marriott points to book a room and were upgraded to a suite on check in. The suite was fantastic- huge living room and lovely large bedroom and bathroom, lovely molton brown toiletries finished off my excitement with the room. The concierge- Harry was fab. He helped us to get a table at the Maze grill for lunch and remembered our names when we left the hotel, wishing us a good day out- we were there only for one weekend but felt like regulars- fantastic service! The Executive lounge was also great, stocked with the normal soft drinks and an honesty bar but also ad lovely deserts available in the afternoons and home made brownies, flapjacks. Breakfast in the lounge was also more than acceptable. As well as the usual selection of cereals and yoghurts, there as a choice of scrambled egg and bacon and also cheeses, hams, along with pastries, bread etc.I would definitely come back again to this hotel. It is just off Oxford Street, Selfridges is literally two minutes walk away and the nearest tube is just around the corner!	
Aug 17 2008 	Good spot in Mayfair	Stayed here on Marriott points, arrived in the morning, and were not impressed at reception being told we could come back later to stay in an inferior room. However, the supervisor sorted it out - and found an already free room for us, which was great. Our room was fairly small and had thin walls, but was very nicely furnished, and looked out onto the Square. The hotel restaurants seemed overpriced - but the street to the North has some decent eateries not far away. The proximity to Oxford St and Bond St is great. For central London, this is a very quiet and pleasant location. We think this hotel compares well to other hotels in Mayfair where we have stayed - and would come back to have such convenience and peace in London.	
Aug 2 2008 	disappointed	We were very disappointed in the Marriott Grosvenor SquareBeing platinum members you get used to upgrades, we were not upgraded. They said the hotel was booked.The safe did not work, the shower head leaked all over the floor and there was a huge wet brown spot on the carpet. We asked for a different room and was told there wasn't any available. We asked that the problems be fixed and left for several hours. When we returned nothing had been done. We complained again and finally the shower was fixed and eventually the safe. As for the spot they said nothing could be done. The staff was friendly but the room was not worth cost	
Jul 11 2008 	Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves	I paid $ 575 for one night in a &quot; DE LUXE SINGLE ROOM &quot; and they placed me on the first floor upon the rubbish dump of the hotel and stuck to the scaffold with the rubbish slope. Realized all this when at 7,30 a.m. the suppliers truck started parking under my window. I complained about it and the manager said she could do nothing about it because the room was already prepaid. In addition to all this they tried to charge me breakfast twice at the check out. Avoid it. Plenty of good hotels around the corner.	
Jun 24 2008 	fantastic	Had a short Business Trip to London and just got back and felt that I should share this with you. This Hotel is simply FANTASTIC! I only got to this Hotel as the City is sold out due to Wimbledon and therefore I managed through the company to get a suite in this Hotel. The Suite itself was amazing. It had a beautiful view and you could sense the care to every single detail in the room. The Bed! Just a dream to dream in it - unfortunately I had to wake up due to my meetings. Rarely have I seen so impeccable service. From the Reception to Departure it was just a warm smile and sincere appreciation to all guests, although the Hotel being full (especially with many Middle Eastern big families), they were never too tired to great and assist. The food was fantastic and really worth a stopover for whoever comes to London.	
Jun 9 2008	Gorgeous Hotel Would Highly Recommend	Stunning in every way. Rooms and bathrooms are luxurious, in the traditional old-world English style. Location is quite good on Park Lane, though a bit further from the tube. Breakfast is fantastic, though pricey. Service is quite nice, and the lobby area is a great place to relax and have a drink. All in all a really gorgeous hotel, would highly recommend.	
May 3 2008 	Beautiful Hotel GREAT Location!	Stayed at the Marriott Grosvenor Square in late April. All went well. To get to the hotel, we took the Tube (London Underground). It was a little long (45 minutes from Heathrow), but was just $4 GBP. That was different than the $50 GBP it would have cost to take a taxi and when you are coming from a weak U.S. Dollar at the time, every dollar counts. I would recommend the tube if you don't mind taking the train.The inside of the hotel was GREAT. Upon check-in I was upgraded to a suite due to my Marriott Platinum status - nice touch. The room was huge and more than my wife and I could have hoped for. If you can, ask for a view of Grosvenor Square, which also includes the U.S. Embassy.The hotel is just minutes from Oxford Street, which is a HUGE shopping area. if that's your cup of tea, I would suggest staying here.Everything in this hotel was wonderful..... Great location, great time and Easy to get around. I would STRONGLY recommend this hotel and would stay there again in a heartbeat.	
Mar 29 2008 	I don't recommend this hotel	We stayed at the Marriott Grosvenor Square for an entire week over the Easter holiday 2008. They are undergoing extensive renovation and did not warn us prior to our stay. There was no restaurant for breakfast and there was extremely loud construction the entire stay. I was extremely disapointed by the lack of concern for the guests. The hotel is very expensive and the rooms are very small. The front desk hostess was very rude and gave us wrong information regarding our travel on two ocassions over the week. To be quite honest, the only positive about this hotel is the location. I do not recommend staying at this hotel. There are many other hotels in London with much better service and concern for guests.	
Mar 28 2008 	This Marriott is terrific!	We just returned home from a two-week stay at this hotel. It provided a First Class experience for us. Our room was a nice size with a seating area plus a lovely bathroom. We've been to London many times and were not there to &quot;tour&quot;. This Marriott's convenient location in Mayfair was central for our many train trips in various directions from London. For others, the area is lovely with easy access to good shopping, restaurants and public transportation. We are Marriott Gold Members and were entitled to use the Executive Lounge which apparently is a privilege that also comes with staying in certain rooms in the hotel. It's a nicely furnished and outfitted haven for hotel guests. The continental breakfast there is more than adequate and a major savings over having to eat breakfast elsewhere in the hotel or in the nearby area. Unlike Concierge Lounges in U.S. Marriotts, the evening fare here is not as substantial. They offer small canapes and bite-sized desserts that could never substitue for a meal, but are delicious beautifully presented snacks. There is a free wireless connection in the Lounge which is a significant savings since internet usage is often not available free in the U.K. There is also one free public computer there for use by everyone in the Lounge.  But the best part of this Marriott is the wonderful service provided by ALL the staff. You'll be treated like royalty at this hotel! The Concierge services are excellent. Every single employee was kind, caring and helpful during the two weeks we were there. Anything we requested was acted upon quickly.  We would HIGHLY recommend this London Marriott!	
Mar 23 2008 	Beware Under Construction	Construction had started when I stayed here in December 2007 but on this recent trip in March 2008 it is in full swing. Workers and scaffolding on the outside front and side of the building, boarded up areas in the lobby area and the noisiest part (jackhammers/electric saws for brick and stone work) is in the center courtyard. There is nowhere within the hotel that is not affected by the noise and vibrations. (seriously, that jackhammer ......) The Mayfair location of this hotel is convenient but I would stay elsewhere until work is completed.	
Feb 24 2008 	Superb location can't wait to stay again	My husband and I, and our two children (8 and 5) stayed here in the summer. We have stayed at many amazing hotels and I must say, we were pleasantly surprised at the fantastic location this hotel is situated in. We walked everywhere from here - all over London to the Eye, Hamleys, straight through the parks to Buckingham Palace etc. The lobby area is not stunning as it is small, but I would prefer it be the rooms that are the best thing rather than the lobby. The bed was the most comfortable I've ever slept in and everyone was very polite and accomodating. Yes it does seem expensive, but for its location I think it validates it. I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again with the children later this year.	
Feb 7 2008 	Expensive but worth every penny	My husband and I have stayed at the Marriott countless times and are schedulled to do so again in May 2008. It is the Marriott's flagship hotel in London and very expensive but well worth it, particulartly if you are only in London for a short time. It is 2 blocks from Oxford Street, Regent Street and Piccadily i.e Selfridges, Marks and Spencer, Fortnum and Masons and every other conceivable store. Buses run directly from around the corner to places like Harrods and Piccadily Circus, both of which you can easily walk to, although it would be a fair hike. Hyde Park is 3 minutes away, so if you like to jog, it is wonderful.My husband and I have found that frequently when you stay at upscale hotels in London, if you are not English, they tend to be very snobby. My husband is Canadian and I am English, so we can judge this fairly accurately. One of the wonderful things about the Marriot is that you never encounter this. It is run in a very efficient North American way. The hotel concierges are very helpful and will gladly organize last minute tickets to shows. The Marriot has been renovated since our last stay. Previously, the bathrooms were very luxurious and a joy given that bathrooms in most U.K hotels are not up to North American standards. So I am presuming that they still are. The following are the negative things I have to say about the hotel: The cost of breakfast is crazy but there are many places close to the hotel to pick up something cheaper to eat. The lobby can be quite busy in the evenings, as the hotels has numerous functions but we have never bee disturbed by the noise. Because of the cost of the hotel, if I am in London alone, as there is no single rate, I usually stay at a cheaper hotel.	
Jan 23 2008 	Great hotel!	i had read reviews about this hotel and they all said it was nice but i was surprised that it was even nicer than i thought. the room was lovely, very clean and all of the staff was very nice and helpful. the location was great because it was very convenient to lots of things like shopping, restaurants and the tube. i would definitely stay here again!	
Jan 23 2008 	Just okay	I stayed in the hotel courtesy of my employers. The staff were polite, the lobby and room were clean. The room was &quot;typical London&quot;, meaning that even though is was in a five-star property, it was fairly small. The decor was a bit dated for my taste, but nice enough. The bed was incredibly comfortable! They are carrying out a renovation downstairs currently and it was pretty noisy even a few floors up from the action. If you're out most of the day though, it shouldn't affect you too much.One little niggle, the room had notices all over about what do to if you were being &quot;Eco&quot;. I was annoyed to find that whilst out that during the turndown visit, my drying towels had been switched out for clean, dry towels. There were no major gripes with the hotel or room, but then there was nothing to make me rave about the hotel to my friends.Personally, I wouldn't have paid the amount that my employers paid for the room.	
Dec 30 2007 	Poor price/value	The first room they put us in was right next to construction and the heating sounded like an old Buick about to throw a rod. When I politely complained, they did upgrade us to another room that had a window - a small one overlooking the park. I thought that the price for the room we had was too expensive but when I looked at the regular rate for the room they moved us to, I was stunned. I couldn't imagine paying almost $800 for the room they upgraded us to. The staff was great and the location good, but we wouldn't stay there again.	
Nov 21 2007	Marriott quality	This hotel lived up to Marriott standards. Service was exceptional. Public areas were a bit disappointing, very small lobby. Location was in a very upscale safe area, convenient to multiple metro lines and in walking distance to wonderful restaurants of all price ranges.We paid extra for a room with a view. Don't, the other reviews are accurate. A low brick ledge/wall outside the window obscures everything but the tops of trees, roofs and sky (seeing the sky is nice, but not really a view).	
Nov 6 2007 	great location but very expensive	I've stayed here a couple times before, and the location is excellent- just a couple blocks off Oxford Street and all the shopping, very close to Hyde Park, tube stops, etc.As for the hotel itself, the room &amp; bathrooms were smallish compared to other Marriott properties I stay at, but the bed was very comfortable. The staff was very friendly and helpful too.My biggest complaint is the charge of 20 pounds for one day of internet service- $40/day!!!! That's just a ripoff. For example, I often stay at JW Marriott hotels in Asia, and the cost there is much much less (~$15/day). The room itself was nearly $600/night, so you'd think some things would be complimentary...oh well.	
Oct 28 2007 	Ideal location	Stayed here with my family for one night and all enjoyed the visit. We had a room sufficiently large enough to sleep four of us (one massive main bed, a sofa bed and a &quot;rollaway&quot;) and also had access to the excellent &quot;executive room&quot; which allowed drinks and snacks within the price. Room was immaculate and service superb. Watched &quot;Sound of Music&quot; at the Palladium which was a short walk off Oxford Street. Hotel is ideal for the Oxford Street shops too. A staff were very friendly and welcoming and there is really nothing negative I can say (aside from the loud event that was taking place in the ballroom but this finished at c1am)	
Oct 26 2007 	Very Comfortable Stay	One of the nice features at the Marriott Grosvenor Square is that they offer rooms with 2 double beds. This is quite difficult to find in the higher end hotels in London. The room was large, as was the bathroom. The furniture is traditional.The beds are unbelievably comfortable. The location is wonderful; a quiet street just a 5 minute walk from Oxford Street.The one thing that is unfortunate about the Marriott and many other London hotels, is the high cost of phone calls from the hotel room. The Marriott Grosvenor Square charges 5.5 GBP per minute to call North America. In Canadian dollars, that is close to 15 dollars a minute, and that price does not include the VAT. A 3.5 call to Canada ends up costing 22 GPB, more than the cost of 3 English breakfasts at the Cafe around the corner from the hotel. The English breakfast runs about 17.5 GPB inside the hotel. I highly recommend the Grosvernor Cafe on North Aubrey Street, 1 block west of the hotel. Their English breakfast costs 4.95 GPB, including coffee.	
Oct 9 2007 	Great location good service breakfast good but don't eat there at night	We stayed here for two nights using Tesco deals tokens, which was good value en though you can't take advantage of any special rates, you just pay the rack rate. Room was a standard double and was a little on the small side but average, I guess, for a London hotel. It was quiet, nicely fitted out, and clean, though the bathroom could do with a bit of updating and was also on the small side.Staff were all lovely, very pleasant and helpful. Check in / out very efficient and we were able to check in even though we turned up at midday when official check in was not until 2 or 3 o'clock. Breakfast was good, though expensive (I think it was about £20 ) so if it's not included in your room rate, in which case you might want to try one of the eating places nearby. We had dinner in the hotel restaurant (not the adjacent Maze restaurant) on our second night due to lack of time to find anywhere else. The food was ok but not very inspiring and not great value for money. We stayed pre-smoking ban which meant we had smokers sitting next to us while we were still eating, however that won't be a problem now that the ban has come into force.All in all, a good standard of hotel in a great location.	
Sep 25 2007 	Just Ok...but awesome location!	I stayed here for 4 nights using points. I'm glad I didn't pay retail which was over 200 pounds per night. The conversion to US would be over $400 per night. For this hotel...that would be a huge waste of money. The hotel location is terrific. We were able to take a cab to Harrods that was around 7 pounds. We could have walked it in about 20-25 minutes. We did walk to other shopping and Picadilly Circus with ease...if you're a walker...it's easy. If you're not...these things were close enough and cab would be give or take 10 pounds. The lhotel LOCATION reminded me of being in Beverly Hills. There were exotic cars and people with drivers all over the place. The shopping in the area is also very high end and it's in a very good part of town...very clean and quiet.The hotel was OK by Marriott Standards. The lobby was remodeled...that was nice. Our room was nice but not any nicer then some newer Marriott properties here in the US. Again, it wasn't awful...it was just &quot;fine.&quot; The room had a king bed, desk, armoire with the TV and a bathroom which was not that large...but well appointed with granite on the walls. Very nice looking. The room had all the necessary amenites too. One of the highlites after 3 weeks in Europe...this hotel had the best Air Conditioning around. Our room was always freezing. This hotel also has a &quot;Executive Lounge&quot; and I used that with my Marriott Membership. It was just like in the US except nothing hot for breakfast and no small bottles of water to take back to your room. The concierge leaves little to be desired. We asked for help twice. We wanted to eat at Nobu for sushi which is a short walk. He had the phone number memorized...which was great...however the directions he wrote down for us to walk there were about 3 blocks off. The second time he gave us info that was OK but his attitude is that we were bothering him. The front desk staff was fine too.Ultimately, the location is great, the hotel was spotless clean, everything worked and there were not major issues. However, I'm glad I used points instead of paying so much for a hotel that was like several other hotels in the US. I know London is expensive....I guess I just expected more.	
Sep 20 2007 	Wonderfjul	What a great hotel! The rooms were lovely, the location was ideal. We are big Marriott fans and have stayed at four Marriott (or Renaissance) hotels in London. Solid service, good food, all good.	
Sep 19 2007	Poor Service and quality at the Marriot	My husband and I stayed at the this hotel for four nights in September. We had been to three locations in Europe, all at Marriott's. My expectations were high for this hotel and unfortunately I was disappointed from the beginning until the end. We arrived and it took them 30 minutes at the counter to get us checked in. We got to our room and we were given two twin beds when we had reserved a King. We called them and they said they would move our luggage while we were at dinner to a different room. We then spent the next two nights in another room that shared a wall with a construction area where the hotel was putting in a new suite. We were awoken each morning before 7 AM. We are platinum member guests and no one, regardless of status, should be put in a room next to a construction site. In addition, the Iron didn't work in the room, and the air conditioner barely worked. In addition, none of the rooms we stayed at had a hair dryer. We then demanded the next morning that we be switched for the next two nights. At 10 AM we left the hotel and were assured that they would move our luggage AGAIN to a new room. We got back around 5PM and had not been moved. They had not even given thought to getting us to a new room. We waited another 30 minutes to get another room with 2 twin beds. We said that was fine because at this point we were tired and just wanted some rest. We got to the room and the keys didn't work. We called down and it took them three tries to get the keys to work. We also moved our own luggage because we had dinner plans and didn't want to wait any longer. They had only had 7 hours! We also had access to the executive lounge. They offered no variation of snacks and rarely even had bottled water. The last two nights were better, except for a wedding taking place in the hotel and a massive party occuring throughout the hallways. The location of the hotel is good but so are many other hotels in London. For the price and for our experience I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Aug 31 2007 	Great Location	I stayed at this hotel based on tripadvisor reviews, I have to admit the location is perfect, next to oxford street and super location to many attraction areas be it walking or through the underground. The room was spacious, which is something you don't usually get in england, and the service was prompt.the price is on the high side, but ain't all hotels in london are, i stayed at the executive floor that was a plus, especially i have kids who love to snack every while and then.the staff are friendly and the hotel is kind of causy. I actually liked it to the point I am returning back to it soon for a business trip.	
Aug 16 2007 	Great Hotel Location and Service	We had enough Marriott Rewards Points to stay any where in the world for seven nights. It was my 50th Birthday and we decided to spend them in London. I had looked carefully at all the Marriotts in London and decided on the Grosvenor Square location.At this time in my life I am very picky about hotels, so the fact that it was &quot;free&quot; has nothing to do with my opinion about this location. I was not dissappointed at all.Getting There: Since there are over 1000 hotels in London, it did not surpise me that our driver did not know exactly where this hotel was located. I had a good idea where it was. I let the driver know that it was one block from the American Embassy. Once he had us there, I said, turn left on Duke St. and were at our destination.The Room: We were in a 'first floor room'. That is up one level from the lobby. Upon entering we found ourselves in a spacious room. The ceilings were 14 feet high, a large window overlooking Duke St. (and the convenience store across the street), a large king bed that was very comfortable. The bath was marble and full of luxury soaps, shampoos, etc, the shower excellent, great towels, robes, slippers and heated towel racks. There was a safe, fridge, and umbrella in the closet.The Service; Upon arrival, we were greeted by the door men. Our room was not ready. (Which we anticipated.) The reception was quite courteous and let us know it would be a few hours. They took our luggage and we went to explore the area. After we were in our room, we were given a complimentary internet access in the business center to 'let the folks back home know we had arrived safely'The Concergie: OUTSTANDING!!!! We inquired about various tours to Stonehenge, Bath etc. They arranged these for us. The tours were charged to our room which of course earns us more Rewards Points!The Location: EXCELLENT!!! There is a small convenience store across the street. When you exit the hotel and turn left, there is a small pub literally 50 feet away called the Barley Mow. In the next block, there are 10 or more restaurants: Pizza Hut, 2 Italian places, Garfunkles, a couple of Coffee Shops, a Mid Eastern place. We saved a lot of $$$ eating in these establishments. The Bond St. Station is a 4 minute walk. It is in a mini mall that has shops, a McDonalds, and other ammenities. At the end of the Block is Oxford St. It is loaded with stores, restaurants etc. One Sunday morning, I took a two hour walk. I was at Piccadilly Circus at mid point. I felt totaly safe.This is a great hotel. If you are paying out of pocket and from the US. it is expensive with the current exchange rate between the U.S. Dollar and the British Pound.	
Aug 14 2007 	Dont take the kids!	We were attending a wedding at this hotel so decided to book a room for the family ( 2 kids - age 5 and 3 ) to spend the night. My preference would have been to book a room with 2 queen beds however even though this was available it was unavailable for us as the max occupancy is 3! We then had to book an executive room which was £100 more expensive and the kids had to sleep on a sofa bed!We also prebooked a baby sitter , when making the reservation, for 3 hours 9-12pm - told the rate was ~ £10-15 an hour and that they would call back to confirm the details. We never got that phone call plus when we checked in we were told the babysitter wasn't ordered. So imaging our surprise and panic when a baby sitter does indeed show up at 8:50pm. So we went out for 2.5 hours - back at 11:30pm - signed a timesheet for the babysitter who told us the rate was £7 an hour.On checkout we were presented with a babysitting bill for £87!!!Min 4 hours - £52 ( were never told of a min charge )Taxi £20 - ( never told about this !)Booking Fee £15 ( never told about this either ! )Overall, hotel room was fine - little small for a family of 4 considering how expensive it was. Breakfast was nice.Parking was also disaster - no parking available in the hotel - only option was to pay for street parking or ncp ( bit of a walk away ).	
Aug 6 2007 	Multiple stays over the years	I've stayed at this hotel at least 10 times over the years and can say it was the best hotel I stayed at in London. The rooms are very comfortable and the staff is friendly and helpful. The location is wonderful as you are just a short walk from Marble Arch, Hyde Park, Oxford Street and Regent Street. If you can afford it, I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jun 28 2007 	Great Well Priced Hotel	Booked the hotel through Priceline's bidding site for $225 per night. It was excellent value and the hotel is worth much more than this. Staff very helpful and knowledgeable, rooms are a good size for London and the location is fantastic for the West End.	
Jun 28 2007 	Thought it was great!	i was concerned because some of the reviews on this hotel were mixed, but on our 3 night stay in early June we found the hotel to be superb.The rooms were average size but beautiful. The bedding teriffic. Bath amenities great. The location is great especially for shopping and local eats.The only negative I can note is that like everything else in London, it's terribly expensive.. The concierge floor is useful with snacks/drinks/free internet connection during some periods of the day.The service at the hotel was terrific both in the hotel and the restaurant area'sI would definately stay at this hotel again.	
Jun 26 2007 	amazing!	Amazing hotel..highly professional staff and spacious room!Great location. Would highly recommend.	
Jun 16 2007 	Location!!!	This hotel's location was great.It's located in Mayfair just about a two minute walk to Oxford St.The hotel lobby is small but nice and modern.THe restaurant was small but good.The rooms were really small, specially the bathrooms. They were nicely decorated. The best thing about the hotel were the beds, one of the best beds I have sleep at.Staff was the best about the hotel,they werte really nice and friendly (except the concierge).Befor staying here check the rates at the Claridge's which is very elegant and has great rates; both hotels are very near.	
May 22 2007	Great Service!	Hotel was centrally located. Lobby had been recently renovated and the rooms were very adequate. What sets this hotel apart is the service provided by the hotel staff. They were warm and very accommodating--some of the best service I've experienced.	
Apr 25 2007	Very Nice	We stayed at this hotel over Easter break '07 and found it very comfortable for a family of four. The location was excellent. The hotel was very clean and the staff was attentive. The restaurant is VERY VERY expensive (breakfast buffet $48 per person), so eat off-site. I paid about $100 extra per night to have access to the executive lounge for continental breakfast and snacks. I'm not sure that it was worth that much money but we did utilize it. We had the King executive room and our children slept on the pull-out sofa which was made-up for us every night during turn-down service. The sofa mattress was not that great and the executive lounge was not always well-stocked, but otherwise we did not have any complaints.	
Apr 24 2007 	Great location great hotel but you pay for it	Stayed here for 5 nights, using my Marriott points. Great location, close to great shopping, good places to eat and close to transportation to Bond Street Tube and all sites. My room on the third floor was modern, small, but very comfortable. Bed was comfortable, bathroom was very small, but again no problem. The hotelis great, very, very expensive (U.S. $500 + per night), so great place to use points. Watch out for all other charges, like internet charge, phone charge (by the minute) and food charges. At the current2 to 1 pound to dollar rate, hotel in dollars in not a great value for the dollar paid.	
Apr 24 2007	good location maybe next time stay elsewhere	The location is wonderful. Couple second walk to the tube, good food in walking distance, and great shopping is all around you. You are very central to almost everything, seems to be a safe part of town. (I hear London is actually not so safe these days, surprised me). I know rooms in London are pricey, but for $500/night, I was a little dissappointed. Breakfast was not included. The coffee kettle in the room did not work. The shower drain did not drain so we had to call someone, but by the time you figure that out, you're usually in the shower. The beds are very very comfy though. Next time I will probably stay at something with a little more character. off the subject. We ate dinner one night at Roules which I guess is the oldest restraunt in London. I was sooooooo good. Best sticky toffee pudding ever, save room for it.	
Apr 16 2007 	This is a very nice hotel on a great street	This hotel is very nice, recently renovated and a great location. The hotel is 2 blocks off of Oxford Street, so great if you are interested in shopping. Metro access is also fabulous. The street also has several great restaurants, many wonderful for families. Overall, a great, clean very well located hotel. We did stay also at the County Hall and I must say if you can get a room on the top floor, nothing compares to the experience of that view. Also, note this property does not have a pool which is key when you travel a lot w/ kids and they often need a cultural break.	
Apr 9 2007 	Well Appointed but Small Rooms	We stayed at the Mariott Grosvenor Square this past Easter weekend. The hotel is very stately in a great location at Grosvenor Square. We took a short 5 minute cab ride to the Apollo Theatre at Victoria Square. Our deluxe room was very small, but well appointed. Bed was advertised as queen size, but was a double; however, it was very comfortable. Television is set in a nice TV cabinet, but is set at bed height level and can only be viewed by the person closest to the TV. We were told our 1st floor room had a view of the rock garden - our view was of a screen hiding a table and chair in front of the Executive Lounge. Looking sideways you could see the rock garden. The bathroom, as reported in other reviews, could only hold one person at a time, but was lovely with granite tile, nice fixtures and a lovely selection of high-end aromatic shampoo, lotion, bath gel and mouthwash. We had booked a Dinner/Breakfast Escape package. The dinner was less than outstanding; however, the breakfast buffet the next morning was excellent. For the price paid, we will probably not stay at the Mariott Grovesnor Square on our next trip to London.	
Mar 20 2007	Location excellent but there are tradeoffs - Room 350 reviewed	My husband I and stayed here for three nights as we had early meetings around the corner and didn't want to stay at the &quot;Radiation Millenium Hotel&quot; where the Russian spy was poisoned with polonium around the corner. US$485 a night doesn't buy much in London, especially not at this hotel. While the location can't be beat, the neighborhood was relatively peaceful, and Barry the concierge was great, our room was small - the only way we could open up two suitcases at the same time was to rearrange the furniture in the room. The room came with a tiny bathroom that only one of us could be in at a time, unless one person was in the bathroom. Granted the bathroom was done up in nice marble and had free shampoo and mouthwash, but it was just too small especially considering the prices we've paid to stay elsewhere - far less for far more spacious bathrooms and guest rooms. Quality control is a problem with this property - the sheets had holes and tears in them and the problem was reported twice before new ones were put on. Then the complimentary bathrobe was falling apart - again reported twice to the desk and maids before it was replaced. We did receive an apology note and a complimentary bottle of wine, but we ask, why should a hotel of this so-called calibre have such problems in the first place?The third floor hallway smelled of mold, and then strong cleaning solutions to cover up the mold and the smoke. We asked for a non-smoking room and were assigned a smoking room that had to be aired out (windows only open a few inches, and then sprayed down by housekeeping while we went out to do errands). Carpet in 3rd floor hallway was heavy with stains - a hotel of this so-called five star calibre should be able to do better. Climate control wasn't great - room was stuffy and hot without the windows left open. Also the duvets on the beds would work just fine in the Arctic Circle, but are too heavy for a heated hotel room - we took the duvet out of the cotton sheet cover and finally got a decent night's sleep on Night 3 without waking up from being overheated.Breakfast food was ok but not worth 24 pounds/US$47 a person, plus the menu was monotonous with the same items every day. The service was spotty in dining room with staffers actually running the vacuum as people were dining (get a mechanical sweeper for crumbs please) and also carefully washed off table tops spraying cleaning solution onto the salt and pepper dispensers and brushing crumbs into chair seats which had to be removed by guests before sitting down.We got a special rate that included breakfast and credits back toward mini bar and restaurant purchases and our effectively daily rate still came out to US$400 per night/202 pounds. Would we stay here again at this price - probably not. If your company is paying the tab and you need to be near Grosvenor square, then look at the Connaught, or wrangle a deal from the hotel and inspect the room before accepting it.Taking a taxi headed south of Grosvenor Square is best done by walking south to the Connaught hotel taxi stand vs. paying 5 pounds to essentially go around the block, up and across Oxford Street and then back down across Oxford Street to go south of the hotel and Grosvenor Square.	
Jan 5 2007 	Average	We have stayed at this hotel on several occasions now, due to its great location. We were very pleased to have been upgraded to an executive room, this time, which was quite nice. However as we had our daughter staying with us, they forgot to make up her bed, despite being called at 6pm before we left for the Theatre, to be reminded. We arrived back to our room at 1145pm and then had to wait 20 mins for housekeeping to come.Our biggest disappointment however, was with breakfast. Due to the opening of Gordon Ramsey's 'Maze', there is only a very small eating area, and the quality of the food was terrible. It always used to be such a nice breakfast, and at £24 each, it was a complete waste of money, not only were we all cramped together in a small space, but the choice and quality of the food was poor, the bacon in particular was very fatty and looked like it had been there for a week! We did pass these comments on to reception as we left.	
Jan 3 2007 	location location location	Stayed there for a whole week from 27 dec - 3 Jan, rooms on the third floor needs to de refurbished. Wireless internet expensive, and room service dishes needs to be more developed. Hotel staff was very professional, and the location is really the best off Oxford street.In one word if you are going for shopping this is the hotel to stay in.	
Nov 28 2006 	Comfortable stay	We stayed in this hotel earlier this year and had no hesitation in returning during the weekend of 24/25 November. On the first visit we were upgraded to an executive room which was very nice and spacious. On our recent visit we were in a &quot; quality &quot; room with two double beds and although not as spacious was still more than adequate. The room, overlooking the gardens, was very well equipped and the new Marriott bedding was very good. The TV reception on the BBC and ITV channels was a bit ropy and needs a bit of fine tuning.The staff here are great. Very efficient, friendly and professional. Housekeeping is to a very high standard. Grosvenor Square is very quiet at night so no problems at night from traffic noise. As has been mentioned before this hotel is extremely well situated and is only a couple of minutes walk from the hustle and bustle of Oxford Street. I agree with other reviewers that breakfast prices do not represent value for money so try and get a bed and breakfast inclusive rate. If you do obtain this the breakfast offers a good choice of top quality produce.All in all I have no hesitation in recommending this hotel whatsoever.	
Nov 25 2006 	Wonderful hotel - Room 605 is great.	This hotel is very has tasteful, modern furnishings. The common areas and the rooms both look great and are very clean. Wireless internet is provided in the rooms, but it is expensive (20 pounds for 24 hours). A business center is on the ground floor. A fitness center is also in the hotel, I think in the basement. I had Room 605, on the top floor overlooking Grosvenor Square, which was fantastic. Overall, this was a fantastic place, and I highly recommend it. I booked it through priceline. The location in the Mayfair area just a few blocks south of the Bond Street underground station is fantastic.	
Oct 12 2006 	Great service and location	This Marriott is just off Oxford Street, so we enjoyed lots of shopping and good restaurants nearby. The concierge service was excellent -- they were extremely helpful in suggesting tours, providing airport information and getting us a cab to the airport. Two thumbs up!	
Sep 19 2006 	Fantastic Again!	This is my second stay in this hotel in 12 months and I would move into the hotel and live here if I could. I love it here. We booked a standard room and were upgraded to the executive level king which has a small sitting area. The whole hotel has just completed construction and it is beautiful. Our room also included breakfast in the main dining room or room service for a small fee. The staff in excellent and I really have no complaints about this hotel. I reviewed this hotel last August as well and loved it then and still love it now. The beds have all been replaced with the new Marriott bedding and the new linen package. The bathrooms are very large and all marble. It is really a beautiful place in a more laid back, less touristy residential location. I truly wouldn't stay anywhere else	
Sep 19 2006 	The Good the Bad and the not so cool	Just returned from a week's stay at this hotel. The Good: great location, just a couple of blocks from the Bond Street tube, very helpful staff, new updated building, clean, modern, good bathrooms, great bed, plenty of hot water, ice machine, mini-bar etc. The Bad: everything in London is expensive, but breakfast at this hotel was not included and when I asked, it was $50 each! The doorman (all of them were great) directed us across the street to a little cafe where prices were considerably more reasonable. The restaurants in the hotel are also very expensive. The rooms are small and we had a Queen size bed. I doubt a King would have fit in the room. The price was 182 pounds plus 17% tax! That's $425 per night. The internet in the lobby was $8 per half hour. There was no access in the rooms, but there was a keyboard on the desk, but I couldn't figure out where the screen was. It must have required a laptop. The not so Cool: If you are travelling in hot weather, the air conditioning in this hotel leaves a little to be desired. September was very warm for London (85 degrees one day and 82 another). Our room was warm despite running the air full blast. We asked about it and they sent up an engineer. He said it was running at capacity. We were on the 6th floor. It was at least 15 degrees warmer than the lobby. Several evenings we gave up and opened the windows for the entire night. If you are driving a car, security around the American Embassy (just around the corner) makes for some congestion. One mapquest I searched had the wrong location for this hotel. As the name suggests, it sits on the edge of Grosvenor (pronounced Grove-nur) Square, just south of Oxford Street, not north as shown on a map service attached to a discount hotel website.  The Concierge desk was very helpful with arranging tours. It was charged to the room and we were picked up by a shuttle service at the hotel and taken to the Victoria bus station where the tours all began. The Evan Evans all day London tour is $120 per adult and worth it. It included several major attractions, no waiting in line, no extra admission fare, nice lunch in a historic pub, a boat ride on the Thames that ended right at the Tower of London. The guide was the greatest (her name was Trudy if you have a chance to pick your guide). The concierge also has access to theatre tickets. Taxis were always waiting at the door. I might stay at this hotel again. London is such an exciting city, you really shouldn't be staying in your room much anyway. With the tube available to nearly all of downtown, there are probably cheaper places to stay. Our cab ride to Gatwick Airport was $180! That would be true of most downtown locations. There is a very reasonable shuttle to the airport but you have to schlep your bags to the taxi, transfer to a train at Victoria Station, fight the crowds and stow the bags on the train and off the train at the airport. People that took the subway from Heathrow lugging their luggage said they would never do it again. We had to attend several meetings in business attire and several social events so we had a lot of luggage. For that reason we opted for the taxi. There are also car services, but I assume the price would be about the same. Gatwick is pretty far out and took us about 70 minutes on a quiet Sunday morning.	
Jul 27 2006 	I couldn't fault this hotel!	I have just returned from a week long trip to London and i was lucky enough to have stayed at the beautiful Marriott hotel Grosvenor Square for the first time. Everything from arrival to departure was brilliant and the staff were so courteous and attentive. I was in London for meetings and some shopping, and was amazed by the closeness to Bond street tube station meaning that i could get to my meeting in the city easily and also walk to Selfridges my favourite london department store (about 3 miutes away!!!!!..... however with everything so close by the hotel was peacful and felt like 'one of those family run' hotels where everybody seems to knows your name!!!! There are two restaurants, one really swanky and another which is more geared towards hotel guests - i enjoyed the views and the food was great, again the staff were always attentive and very helpful. My room was large and was very funky with a great bed.I will definately use this hotel again, highly recommend!	
Jul 24 2006 	Nice Hotel	I stayed at this hotel on a 24 hour stopover while returning to the states from a business trip to Africa. I found the staff to be very helpful and the property very clean and newly renovated.When the taxi driver had trouble authorizing my credit card for my ride from Heathrow (due to a computer glitch) the doorman graciously intervened and immediately offered to pay the taxi and have it put on my bill. My room rate included breakfast, which was a nice full British breakfast at the Cobalt restaurant.I had no complaints. My room -- with a King Bed -- which was on the first floor (one floor up from the lobby) was very nicely furnished and had that special Marriott bed. FYI: The lobby is small and there are few chairs to sit in.The room was very clean and at least my floor was very recently renovated as I think the entire hotel had just been renovated judging from prior reviews. The concierge arranged a car service for me back to Heathrow the next day, which I paid for on my room in an effort to avoid the glitch I suffered the previous day.Like earlier reviews noted, the bar is rather small, but service was good. I also noticed some good looking sandwich plates coming out late for people who were having a late night bite around midnight. My room also looked into the inner courtyard, so it was very quiet. I did notice early in the morning some plumbing noises from a lot of the showers being on, but it was nothing really bad. I would stay at this hotel again.	
Jul 13 2006 	Prime location excellent service and facilities	The hotel is in a prime location to e.g. shopping at Oxford Street and to enjoying Hyde Park on a warm day. Prompt, friendly and courteous service.Excellent and extensive breakfast menu in the Cobalt restaurant.For more space and a nice view of Grosvenor Square you may go for an executive room or suite on the 5th floor.	
Jun 28 2006 	Don't be fooled by the great location	If you want to stay at a hotel in a great location and you don't care about the service you receive, this hotel might be for you. The location is great for shopping and accessability however hotel staff is rude and the service is disgraceful.There is almost no lobby and the bar is tiny which turns into a breakfast area in the morning. Try paying the lowest possible rate on the internet because whatever you pay you will get the same small room. Don't belive in their room description on the internet (they say a queen bed or 2 double beds) as you might end up with two single beds. It happened to me twice.If you are expecting an attentive or helpful staff don't try this hotel.The restaurant is good but don't expect a decent table as it is run independently.I have stayed in this hotel a few times and never had a good experience. There are many other hotels around Mayfair you can try and receive great service.	
May 9 2006	Anniversary to remember	Visited this hotel for our 20th anniversary on 6th May and have to say that I can begin to understand how royalty must feel - the hotel went out of their way to make our visit memorable.We arrived at 10.30am expecting to leave our luggage and wander some sights until check in time...not so, were greeted with 'welcome mr White, your rooms are ready'. Rooms? we were taken to the most incredible suite, huge rooms, huge bed and all the trimmings that you would expect of 5 star.After wandering for a couple of hours we were due to have lunch at Gordon Ramsays maze restaurant in the hotel (another incredible experience) and returned to our room to find a complimentary bottle of champagne on ice with a congratulations card from the hotel.The executive loung was really well stocked with everything you could want and the whole experience was one of relaxed &amp; informal but top rate service. Even the location was superb with the river, covent garden, oxford street and Buckingham Palace in walking distance.Despite being a major American chain hotel, this truly was 5 star service at it's best and would reccommend this hotel highly.	
Apr 20 2006	Lovely Marriott	Stayed for 4 nights in April 2006. Family with 2 teenage boys. We stayed in an Executive King room with a queen sofa bed. Very spacious room with access to the Executive Lounge. This worked very well for giving us extra space and an extensive continental breakfast and snacks and drinks throughout the day. This Marriott has been recently refurbished - rooms are nice, bedding is luxurious and all is very clean and well-cared for. Mayfair area was a great location. 2 blocks off of Oxford Street and tube. Lots of nearby restaurants that are &quot;reasonable&quot;. Our favorites were the Spaghetti House on Duke Street, Chungs also on Duke and Carluccios Cafe in St. Christophers Place. Would stay here again!	
Apr 18 2006	awesome hotel	great hotel...big comfy beds...clean, great amenities, big rooms, restaurant downstairs in the lobby looked good (though I never ate there)...close to a super duper cute row of restaurants, orchard street, close to the tube, and a plethora of taxes always on hand :)	
Jan 28 2006	A good hotel	A very comfortable hotel. If the renovations were still ongoing we saw nothing of it. Very nice room with access to executive room. For London this was a very large room, with a very comfortable king bed, large marble bathroom and separate sitting area. Tea and coffee facilities in room as well as water, dressing gowns and slippers. Usual internet connections. The room overlooked the interior courtyard so was quiet, which the rooms overlooking the street probably weren't. The bar was expensive though efficiently run. Breakfast was good quality though thankfully included in our rate. Marriott staff were all, without exception, courteous and helpful. However the greatest plus, and the main reason we chose to stay here is the Maze restaurant which is in the hotel. Gordon Ramsey's latest success and it is simply brilliant. So good to visit the restaurant and not have to leave the building.	
Nov 30 2005 	Disappointing	Based upon some of the more recent positive reviews, we took our chances and stayed at this hotel for a night during a layover in London. Unfortunately, the reviews indicated the worn down nature of the hotel turned out to be more accurate. The hotel is an old pre-war building. The lobby floor and restaurant are nicely finished and the staff is courteous and helpful. However, once you get to the room floors, the view changes. The hallways (not the rooms) have a strange pungeont odor and the carpet and wallpaper look as if they should have been replaced about 10 years ago. The rooms are in a little better shape. They have a comfortable bed and large bathroom. However, the carpet and wallpaper is a bit worn. The walls are extremely thin and there are doors connecting adjacent rooms that are even worse. The noise passes through the walls and the connecting room doors like they weren't even there. The hotel is a good 5-10 minute walk to the nearest tube station which is a bit inconvenient if you are carrying bags. Restaurants, sites and nightlife are limited in the area but within a short tube ride from the hotel. In defense of the hotel, they are currently undergoing renovations which will eliminate some of these problems. However, I would recommend waiting until the renovations are complete before staying there.	
Oct 13 2005	Fabulous Hotel	I stayed at this hotel the last week of August and I couldn't have been happier. At the time we stayed, I believe that all of the rooms had been renovated. We stayed in a recently renovated executive King room and had access to the excutive lounge. Our room contained a seating area witha couch, table and 2 chairs. The room was absolutely immaculate and very large, as was the bathroom. The bathroom was recently renovated as well and it was done in all marble. A word of caution though, be very careful getting in and out of the shower because it can be slippy. The staff was fabulous and we were granted check in even though we arrived hours before the standard time. The room service was timely and quite good.The location is perfect as long as you don't mind walking around. If you want to walk out the door of the hotel and run into Big Ben, then this is not the right location for you. We didn't mind taking the tube and all the main attractions were a few tube stops away which was fine with us. The Bond Station stop is within easy walking distance. You will also be a block away from Oxford St shopping which was very nice. There a bunch of restaraunts in the area and great accessibility to cabs. There is also an AVIS car rental a block away.I am an incredibly high maintenance traveler. I am a sales executive and have mostly stayed in 4 star properties for most of my travel.I have traveled extensibly for years and I can tell you that this is one of the nicest hotels that I have stayed in. This is definitely a 4 star property. I have not traveled much in Eurpope but this hotel was much nicer then most of the places I have stayed in the US.That being said, a few hints- The execuitve lounge gets picked over fast so if you want breakfast you should get down there at a reasonable time- they do refill everything but the best stuff is there early. There were renovations going on in the lobby- I couldn't have cared less because I didn't go to London to hang out in the Hotel lobby, but for those of you who do be prepared. As I mentioned above, the bathroom is pretty slippy so be very careful when you get in and out of the shower. There is a great Italian restaraunt 2 blocks past the hotel and a Starbucks around the corner. There is a really nice corner store across the street.Overall, I would never stay any place else and I couldn't have been any happier with our whole experience. I don't have any to complain about and I am complainer :)Enjoy!	
Sep 14 2005 	American Style Business Hotel	If you are an American business traveler you will feel right at home in this hotel. Large room, large bed, large bathroom, large closet, 115v outlets at the desk, even an ice machine down the hall. We usually stay in small tourist hotels with a lot of charm (and much cheaper) but this time we were in town on business. Also, our previous hotels were always on the picadilly line, or the Circle/District line and those are the best lines for tourists. You'll have make tube transfers if coming back from the tourist areas. They are simple enough, but it is a slight inconvenience. Make sure your rate includes breakfast, if not included you would pay £18.50 just for a continental breakfast. About the construction: Some final touches were still going on in the lobby: tiling, plastering, sanding, painting. We stayed on the top floor, no construction there, and had decent view of the city, including the London Eye.	
Sep 12 2005	terrific hotel	We stayed at the Marriott Grosvenor Square in mid-August... and yes, the renovations were still going on. Other than some loud noise while we were checking in, however, the work did not bother us at all.The rooms were very spacious and well appointed, with an especially large and comfortable bathroom (lots of counter space). Our room overlooked the courtyard, and so was very quiet throughout our stay. The staff were friendly and helpful, and we had no problems at all redeeming our Marriott reward points.If you want to see the London tourist sites, this hotel may be a little out of the way, but if you want to actually see/experience the city, it is a great location. Very close to excellent restaurants, parks, shops, pubs (we enjoyed the Punch Bowl)... and the surrounding Mayfair neighborhood is great for wandering.	
Aug 30 2005	Nice hotel	In mid-August we stayed at this Marriott for 4 nights. Despite the massive renovations being done in the lobby it was a pretty nice hotel. My only complaint is the fact that the air conditioning in our room was not working. Luckily the windows opened otherwise the room would have been unbearable. The room was very nice and staff was very courteous. If you are looking for a hotel with easy access to most of the tourist attractions in London I would probably stay somewhere else. The underground line that this hotel is on does not provide easy access to most sites (most require connections). In the future I would prefer to stay somewhere along the Circle District line.	
Aug 21 2005 	Great Hotel Great Location....	I travel to London approx. once a month and the Grosvenor Square Marriott has become my 'home away from home'. It's location provides a quiet retreat yet is only a two block walk to Oxford/Upper Bond Street Shopping areas. There are several very nice restaurants within walking distance also.The rooms are excellent and if you can afford, the Executive King is quite nice. Business travelers will like the broadband in each room though a bit 'pricy' at £15 per day. If you book your room on the Marriott website, make sure you get breakfast included. Though a very nice breakfast, hardly worth the £16 you pay for basically a buffet.If your using any of the main train stations such as Victoria or Paddington (Gatwick/Heathrow Express), it's only a 10 minute £6 cab ride, I've left the lobby and been at airport check-in at Heathrow in 40 minutes, 1 hour to Gatwick....The only down side is the renovation that's been going on 'for ever' it seems, but on the up side, it's almost complete....	
Aug 13 2005	A Wonderful 	We arrived just after they finished extensive renovations and our two night stay was great. The hotel staff was very friendly and the room was beautiful. After traveling to London for the past 20 years, this was the nicest hotel I have visited. Very convenient to so much of London.	
Jul 20 2005	mixed feelings	First of all, this Marriot will not confirm your reservation. So when we arrived early evening and were told they could only accomodate us if we payed an extra 200 pounds was very frustrating. In the end, we ended up paying a total of $480 more for 4 nights because they don't ensure your reservations. The hotel itself was very nice, air conditioned and comfortable. It is a little bit funny because they had almost 10 doormen at the same time once. For the first time in our month in Europe, this hotel did not include breakfast. And their restaurant breakfast was 18 pounds for one continental breakfast. Go to Ponti's down the streat. Pretty good location, one block to Oxford Street and the Bond St. tube. If you are going to the theater, no matter what they tell you, if you are rushing a little bit, don't walk!!! We took the &quot;10-15&quot; minute walk w/a Londoner who helped us and still had to wolf down dinner in 20 minutes so we didn't miss our show!! ( If the front desk tells you _mn, double it!!) It would have been excellent if not for the room confusion, because we had to change rooms and pay almost $500 more. I suggest calling them direct, (not the Marriot 1-800 number) and confirming.	
Jun 25 2005	Just Average	It looks nice really from the outside but the lobby and most of the first floors are being renovated. This means noise during the day and easily until 6/7pm at night. Also it seems to be a popular spot for weddings / parties so expect noise on the weekends.I found it centrally located ... you can easily walk up to Oxford Street or to the Theatre District. Its also on a central subway line.The rooms are just average...I obviously was in a pre-renovation suite. Not modern and very much like your standard-issue motel. Tap handle was broken....for (GASP) $1800 Cdn for 4 nights I would expect a lot more!!	
Jun 20 2005	nice hotel but...	Stayed here over the weekend with some friends. Had an executive room on the 1st floor. Nice room, little small. Good free lounge for drinks through the day.There was a party directly under our friends room with very very loud music going on until 2am. Despite several calls from them and from us too, the hotel would not get the music turned down (although they told us there had been many calls). And the hotel told our friends that they would be offered compensation. None was forthcoming, until we checked out and caused a scene. Neither of us paid anything for our rooms. So a bit of a result there, but still, the problem was unacceptable.	
Jun 14 2005	Nice Hotel but location a little out of the way from sites	The hotel and the renovated rooms were nice. The location was very quiet near the American Embassy. It is near Hyde Park and a 1.5 blocks from a lot of shopping but otherwise it isn’t near the sites so that you have to take a taxi or use the Tube. There is another Marriott at City Hall that looked to be as nice and more in the middle of the sites	
Jun 2 2005	Too Snooty	Plan: Our stay at this hotel (5/05) was arranged by my brother, a Gold Marriott Rewards member, as a gift for our 25th wedding anniversary. At the time of booking, they also requested an upgrade payment of 85 pounds in conjunction with the rewards certficate. This may have been because there was only an executive suite left to book. He had a confirmation from them &amp; Marriot to put the upgrade charge onto his AmEx card. The reservation also included a 'Healthy Start' Breakfast. This is their middle of the road breakfast - a step above the continental - but not quite the full deal. We were staying for one night, our family of 4 &amp; then heading off on the trains to see Scotland.Actual: I assumed this was a well established hotel and just about any Londonite would be able to point us in the right direction. Not so, no one we asked - this being the 'information' booths, had ever heard of it. Even after showing them the printed sheet with the address. Luckily an Underground ticket agent pointed us in the right direction - only because he knew where the American Embassy was.When we did find the place, we found the desk staff to be snooty. They knew nothing of the 85 pound charge being confirmed onto the AmEx card; assuring me that my brother was mistaken, as they 'just don't make them.' In the morning, they called to argue about the Healthy Start Breakfast - then only bringing it for 2 adults - not the kids. An alarm had sounded at one point, where all the guests were asked to evacuate to a park across the block and await a roll call (never done) &amp; when returning to the hotel, one of the workers joked to another &quot;That's how you get a 20 minute break - just hit the alarm!&quot; Knowing it was our 25th wedding anniversary &amp; our daughter's 10th birthday - we were lucky enough to get 2 complimentary bottles of mineral water - not quite the bubbly the other reviewer mentioned; but, as I wasn't expecting anything, I was happy with it. Summary: As an ex-airline employee, I've been to alot of hotels in alot of countries. I am acutely aware of all the little etiquette intracacies, politeness and manners required; as is my family. I have never been made to feel more unwelcome than I had at this hotel and found myself apologizing to my family the entire trip for my error in judgement. Luckily, in all our other hotels - none costing more than 50 pounds a night w/a breakfast - we had a great time.	
May 4 2005	Great value for the price	We stayed at this hotel 2 different times in April 2005 - regardless of what they tell you on the Marriott 800-line, this hotel IS undergoing renovations, expected to last through July 2005 according to the sign in the lobby. We were in lower-floor rooms both times, and there is a lot of construction noise between 9 am - 5 pm. In spite of this, the hotel was quite nice, and compared to the rates for other Marriott hotels in the area we thought it was a GREAT value. Our rate included a full English breakfast for 2 - which is on the menu in the restaurant at 23 GBP per person - yikes! I can't imagine spending $45 USD per person for this breakfast, but with the choices of hot entrees, fruit, yogurts, cold cuts, breads, juices and other beverages it started out day off well - we generally weren't hungry again until dinner, and with the exchange rate between the british pound and the US dollar that's a good thing!Ask for a newly renovated room - the bathrooms are bigger - but in both cases we found the room size to be generous, the staff was friendly (especially Claudia in the restaurant every morning!), the location was very convenient. We would definately stay at this hotel again.	
Apr 27 2005	Great Location Wonderful Hotel!	Stayed at the Grosvenor in early April for 6 nights. Found the front staff to be very helpful. My husband wanted to watch the NCAA tournament, and they researched the chanel it was on, and made sure we could get it in our room. We are Gold Marriot reward members, so we were able to eat breakfast in the member room every day, along with snacks, and desserts later in the evening. Always well kept, fresh fruits, etc. Close and convenient to the Bond St. Tube stop. Mini grocery across the street for water and drinks. Gros Park across the street is a nice place to take sandwiches and feed the birds. The U.S. Embassy is right across the street. Beautiful neighborhood with lots of Italian restaurants close. Lots of shopping two blocks away. Within blocks of Hyde Park too. The hotel is being renovated, we were lucky to get a room that had just been done. Very nice. Spacious room. Great towels and shower! Had read lots of reviews about poor quality rooms in London, size, cleanliness etc. Decided not to save on hotel, and go the safe route. Well worth the price. Would definately recommend and stay here again!	
Mar 15 2005 	Good Hotel Great Location	We stayed at the Marriott Gosvenor Square for three nights on a Marriott Rewards certificate March 9-11, 2005. This was our seventh stay at this hotel...which is easily our favorite in the city.The hotel is an outstanding property in its own right, with a friendly, accomodating staff that goes out of its way to treat returning guests like family. I spend over 100 nights a year in hotels and can't think of a single one where I consistently feel more at home. All of this is reason enough to keep coming back, but the real clincher for us is the location. The hotel is in the well-heeled, quiet residential Mayfair neighborhood, but only a five minute walk to Oxford Street shopping, or the Bond Street tube station....a handy connection to all the major tourist attractions. You can be practically anywhere in Central London within 20 minutes or so. Needless to say, there are plenty of excellent restaurants and pubs within a few minutes walk....everything from upscale to neighborhood hangouts. There's a handy convenience store on one corner across from the hotel entrance, a dry cleaners on another corner, and a neighborhood pub on the third. Lots of basic needs right at hand!As for the hotel itself, the rooms are clean and well-appointed. Travelers used to American hotel rooms should be warned that standard rooms are &quot;standard&quot; in the European sense, and thus can be quite small. If you want or need more space, ask for an executive room. These are much larger and include a sleeper sofa along with a generous seating area. In all cases, however, the bathrooms are medium-to-large sized and well appointed. Beds are extremely comfortable and soundproofing is more than adequate.Because of the small standard rooms and lack of a swimming pool, this probably wouldn't be the best choice for families travelling with smaller children on a limited budget. Likewise, those looking for &quot;round the clock excitement&quot; might find the residential surroundings a bit TOO quiet.When we stayed at the hotel, an extensive remodeling project was in progress. It might be a good idea to inquire about the status of this when booking a room here. A number of rooms are being redone and there's also remodeling taking place in the lobby and restaurant. Try to see if you can get a room that will be away from the noise...which generally goes from about 8:30am-5:30pm M-F. Otherwise, once you've settled on the type of room you want, ask for one with a room overlooking Gosvenor Square (you can open your window and &quot;say good morning&quot; to Ike and FDR).This brings me to the on-premises food and beverage services. The excellent on-premises restaurant, &quot;The Diplomat&quot; is gone. Its replacement is something called &quot;Cobalt&quot;. I can't comment on the new incarnation because we did not visit it during our stay. The Diplomat blended in beautifully with the hotel and neighborhood surroundings and was known for excellent dining....especially their outstanding (if expensive) breakfast fare. Hard to imagine that being improved upon, but perhaps other reviewers can comment on how &quot;Cobalt&quot; has done. On the other hand, the bar attached to the Diplomat was overpriced and boring, so it wouldn't take much to improve upon that!Those familiar with the Marriott conceirge lounges will find a good one here. If you're not a Marriott member entitled to free access, it might be worth a few extra pounds for an upgrade in order to get in on the contiental breakfast and evening snacks here. Especially true if there are two or more in your party.Finally, a word about the concierge here. This hotel has the best in the business. The best I've encountered in 25 years of business and personal travel. They're friendly, they're responsive, they're experienced, and they really know their stuff. A huge plus for first time visitors looking to &quot;learn the ropes&quot;.If you're looking for pure luxury or non-stop excitement, go elsewhere. But if you're looking for a very nice hotel in a very nice neighborhood from which to explore and experience London, this is the place!	
Jan 21 2005	Good service Great Location Top Breakfast	Stayed for the first time at this Marriot and was not disappointed at all for the price from the Marriot web site. Initially got a smoking room, even though asked for non smoking, but this was changed after some deliberations and got an excellent Exec room which was recently renovated. It was an anniversary of my wife and I, and a complimentary bottle of bubbly was provided by the hotel (I just happened to mention this in the booking!). Overall excellent stay, and great breakfast as part of the package.	
Jan 8 2005	Great Location good place for a family but need a smile...	We're a family of 4 and stayed at one of their Executive Rooms which was quite spacious by London standards. It had a double sofa bed plus a king size bed. The location was perfect for shopping and is just about 4 blocks to the Bond Street Underground station. Breakfast was ok, but served in the cramped &quot;Club Lounge&quot; which could get quite noisy when full of American tourists.  Our only complaint was the snooty reception desk clerk whom we found to be quite unfriendly and who made a bad first impression for the hotel. We had asked for a rollaway bed as our children do not like sharing beds, and were told &quot;we do not have rollaways in this hotel&quot;. Surely another more polite sentence with an &quot;I'm sorry&quot; added would not have hurt her to say! In any case, we had requested the rollaway in the Marriot reservation website under the &quot;Special request&quot; box. Someone should have replied earlier to inform us about the non-existence of rollaway beds at the hotel. Overall, the hotel was a good place for families but they need to re-train this particular check-in clerk to at least smile a little bit.	
Dec 30 2004	Still a great hotel but what happened to breakfast????	We've stayed and/or eaten at the Marriott Grosvenor Square many times over the years and it's always been one of our favourites. Fantastic location just yards from the shops of Oxford Street, but quiet and with nice views of the Square. Comfortable, beautifully decorated rooms, and professional and efficient, but still friendly, staff.However, fans of the fabulous breakfasts in the Diplomat be warned! The Diplomat restaurant is closed, and breakfasts are now served in the bar area. Queues, cramped, no hot buffet, and 50% more expensive than before. Really disappointing, as a long, leisurely breakfast in the much-larger Diplomat was always a highlight, and the perfect preparation for hitting the shops.Additionally, the old Regency Bar has been refurbished. It's still nice, but the bar prices are expensive for the location - the Mandarin Bar at the Mandarin Bar, or the Library at the Lanesborough, are much tonier, and there is little difference in price (especially as service is included at the Lanesborough.) That said, if breakfast or bars are not a big thing for you, we would still recommend the Marriott on the strength of it's rooms, location and staff.	
Dec 2 2004	Really nice place....	This was a really nice place to stay and definitely a cut above most Marriott hotels. The location in Mayfair can't be beat. The front desk people and concierge were all very helpful. The rooms were a bit small but the fact that they were renovated and had marble baths made up for it. The breakfast served in the small dining room, although expensive, was exceptionally good. I would definitely come back to this hotel again.	
Aug 19 2004	A perfect place to stay	Our family stayed here in July. It was a wonderful, perfect hotel. We unanimously agreed that they were the most comfortable beds and bedding ever. The neighborhood was perfect. You could easily and very safely walk everywhere, any time of day. Beautiful park and embassy district on one side of hotel and great restaurants and tube station on the other side of the hotel. Window boxes and pots full of flowers everywhere. The front desk was very helpful with all our &quot;tourist-y&quot; questions. Impeccably clean and beautifully decorated hotel. We felt very pampered! Just like you should on vacation!	
Aug 6 2004	Expensive but superb	I stayed in the Marriott Grosvenor Square in January 2004 for 4 nights. Traveling with 3 friends, we booked a suite with a king bed, pull-out sofa, and two full bathrooms. The room was enormous by both British and American standards; perhaps four or six times the average room in a London hotel. Having two bathrooms was ideal with 4 women. The room was very expensive (around $700-800/night); but you get what you pay for, especially in London. Both the room and bathrooms were immaculate and tastefully furnished. The service was excellent, responding promptly to requests for extra towels, etc. We arrived early on a flight from Boston, and the staff was nice enough to give us another room to freshen-up until our suite was ready. At most London hotels, you can drop your luggage off before the official check-in time; however, it was especially accomodating to have a room to use after an overnight flight.One of my standards to judge a British hotel is the breakfast, and the Marriott's breakfast was fabulous. We were quickly greeted by pots of tea, and enjoyed the buffet of eggs, sausages, toasts, pastries, yogurt, cereals, fresh and dried fruit, and waffles made to order. There was such a selection that each morning's breakfast could be different.As for the location, it was ideal. The hotel is on a quiet street, perhaps a 5 minute walk to Oxford Street and the tube. A pub and small grocery are nearby. The area is perfectly safe.Of course the Marriott isn't the hotel for British charm, but if you want to want to stay in an &quot;American quality&quot; room in an excellent location, this may be ideal.	
Jul 21 2004	Mariott Grosvenor Square	Recently spent the weekend at the Mariott Grosvenor Square. I arrived with my daughter in a taxi, and the doormen and porters, failed to open my door, or assist me with luggage, (as I was travelling alone with my Daughter, it was a struggle). Check-in was slow, as reception was in chaos. Room in general was quite pleasant, but Air Con was noisy and in-efficient. Breakfast was good. Location is fantastic, the only reason for my choice, of this hotel. Again on check-out, the porters didnt assist with luggage or open my Taxi door. Poor Show. Will stick to Dorchester next time!!!!!!	
Jun 24 2004	Great Location Beautiful hotel		
Jun 14 2004	Upscale - Excellent in every way		
Mar 23 2004 	Excellent property 		
Jan 15 2004	Really Superb Room!		
Dec 18 2003	Great Hotel		
Oct 18 2003	Loved this hotel		
Oct 17 2003	Pleasnt hotel near High Street Shopping		
Jun 29 2003	Better than other review		
Aug 22 2002	Good quality for $350 per night		
Nov 21 2009 	super hotel		
