Aug 15 2008 	Perfectly "English" Hotel	We arrived at Heathrow from New York on August 8, 2008 at 8,30am We had arranged for a car from the hotel to pick us up;the driver was there when we came through customs...he was very kind and helped us load our 6 pices of luggage into the vanWhen we arrived the staff was very very kind...they allowed us to have breakfast even though it was past the 10,30 am deadlineThe hotel is very very clean, beds are comfortable , and the decoration &amp; furniture are very&quot; English&quot;!The common room downstairs seems like the living room of your own house...very cosy...we even entertained some friends before dinner, having drinks brought in from the bar.Rooms are average sized..my husband and I had a room with queen bed, the bathroom was too small but very nice, green marble, lots of mirrorsMy sons had a suite, w/2 rooms, a huge bathroom and a kitchenette that included refrigerator, microwave, dishes ,etc for four...so if necessary one can cook one's meals! We never got to that since we stayed only 2 nights...but it can be interesting for longer stays. Frigobars are loaded with all sorts of drinks, spirits and candy/cookies.As I said, staff is very friendly and willing to advise on any subject...we had them book our restaurants every day,and they even advised us which ones to go to...both times they made very good choices.I would ABSOLUTELY go back to the Parkes if I returned to London. Prices are on the low side (compared to other 4 star hotels).	
Aug 14 2008 	A Home away from Home	My husband and I have stayed at Parkes Hotel several times over the past few years. Each time we have planned a trip which included a stay in London, we have contacted Parkes immediately to ensure that we could have a room. The staff at the hotel have been constant throughout our time there and are always extremely friendly and welcoming, ensuring that we have everything that we could possibly want. The location of Parkes is fantastic: only minutes from Hyde Parke, the Victoria and Albert Museum, etc. etc., and we have found the rooms to be excellent value for the money - they are spacious, comfortable and attractively decorated. While breakfast is the only meal available at the hotel, we have not found this to be a problem as there are many restaurants of all types within an easy walk of the hotel, and we enjoy sampling what London has to offer both in that area and in other parts of the city. We are extremely saddened to hear that Parkes is closing and very much hope that the owners will find a new property in which to create what we know would be another delightful &quot;home away from home&quot;. We are very grateful to the management and the staff for the many wonderful times we have experienced at Parkes.	
Aug 3 2008 	Let's hope there's a Parkes II very soon!	In the last year, we have stayed at Parkes about 6 times and are due to go back in September. Sadly, from an email we and other guests will have received, 30 Sept will be the last night that guests will stay as the lease on the building has run out and the landlord is turning the property into more 'luxury apartments'.In the last year or two, we have stayed at the Oriental at Hyde Park and the Capital in Basil Street and Parkes knocks spots off both of these for value for money, charm and staff attention. The Capital has a fabulous restaurant, and only a couple of minutes walk from Parkes, but it is much more expensive and the rooms smaller. The Oriental is far more expensive and absolutely not worth the money even at half the price in our view.Parkes offered (and still offers for the next 2 months) very large rooms in a small and friendly hotel (which has an air of Agatha Christie's Bertram's Hotel about it, without the dead bodies of course - although we always checked the little communal lounge as we left to make sure that was true!). Every room has extremely comfortable, large sleigh-style beds with crisp white linen, a minibar large enough for a cocktail party for all your friends (as everyone says), delicious toiletries, lots of fluffy towels and gowns, large plasma screens with plenty of choice of channels and movies. Some rooms have little kitchens, fridges, microwaves and crockery if you want to make a simple meal for yourself (after a few days of restaurant eating, this is often welcome - and cheaper!).The downside is the carpets in some rooms are rather well-worn, the air con not v efficient, the plumbing a little creaky in some rooms and the lift makes a strange huffing noise as it travels which you can vaguely hear in some rooms and there's only a breakfast service (which is not especially good). However, these things are more than counter-balanced by all of the positive things about this charming place and with great staff (esp Christine, Juliana and a charming German man - sadly, name escapes me - who work on reception). There are many restaurants around Parkes and cafes like Brompton Quartier and Cafe Rouge for lovely breakfasts.So, if you get chance to stay in London before 30 Sept, we would thoroughly recommend Parkes. And we do hope that there wlll be Parkes II rising from the ashes in the Knightsbridge area very soon!	
Jul 19 2008 	great stay	What a beautiful hotel,great location,comfortable rooms...and fantastic staff. We were treated like king and queens. I would reccomend this hotel to anyone!We felt like at home and we cannot wait to go back,we love YOU Parkes Hotel....	
Jun 18 2008 	GREAT LTTLE HOTEL	Cannot fault this hotel.Staff everywhere very friendly, the rooms are large and well appointed and of course very clean.Amazing mini bar, enough drinks to have a party with 50 people.Best thing is hotel is round the corner from Harrods, H.Nicks and Sloan Street, with great walks round Belgravia and Chelsea.Great little Thai restaurant in Beauchamp Place round the corner.Only problem was that breakfast, served in a beautiful room, took forever to come. My wife had ordered two soft boiled eggs over and above the Continental breakfast rate, she was then charged the full cooked breakfast rate, which i did not complain about, I did however expect the Continental rate when i informed them that the eggs arrived at the table and were as hard as golf balls.Any only a small hitch in a very, very enjoyable stay. Keep up the good work.Happy Customer.	
Jun 16 2008 	Absolutely excellent couldn't wish for anything else	From the moment we decided we would like to stay at the Parkes we couldn't have wished for better service. All the details of our stay were so lovingly arranged. We arrived early so we could take full advantage of our stay in the capital and on arrival our ajoining rooms were already available. With our two children with us the staff made us feel so welcome . The rooms were beautifully decorated, the beds extremely comfortable and every possible requirement met from the plasma TVs to the gorgeous bathrooms and showers.Although stunningly beautiful, the rooms were only part of the entire experience, the service of all the staff was stunning. The attention to detail magnificent, whilst all the while ensuring that you felt totally at ease in the hotel. This is especially important with two children who were going to their first rock concert and desperate to explore the museums and shops.All of this luxury and only a stone's throw from Harrod's and other Knightsbridge shops, the museums and Hyde Park.A throughly enjoyable experience!!!	
May 13 2008 	Exceeded expectations	We stayed here for one night to celebrate our 1st wedding anniversary. Absolutely loved it! Could not have asked for anything more. We arrived early (11am), not expecting our room to be ready but the lovely lady on reception said we could go on up. She also said they had arranged a surprise for us. We had booked a standard double but the room they gave us was amazing! It had a chandelier in which blew me away and also a terrace which over looked the street below. At night time this was lit with fairy lights which was so cute. They had also put complimentry champagne and chocolates in there which I couldn't believe. The service from all staff was wonderful; everyone was so helpful and friendly. I echo all the other positive reviews. The room itself wah extremely comfortable, with a massive bed (so great to come back to after walking around the city all day), a 42in (at least) plasma tv and the shower was the biggest I had ever seen! Location was great, off the main road so quiet but only a short walk to harrods/hyde park/tube station so perfect for us. I only wish we could have stayed longer. We would definitely return.Thank you Parkes Hotel for a really wonderful stay.	
May 11 2008 	Best Hotel in London!!!!	First of all, I can not even say enough good things about this hotel!!! I wish it had all five stars (and dont know why) so I would have found it sooner on tripadvisor. It is truly the best!!!! I have stayed in some really nice hotels before (Ritz in Central Park, Grand American in Salt Lake City, etc) and this hotel was perfect!!!! I didn't want to break the bank, but I also wanted a nice, clean, pretty place to relax after long days touring London. The hotel staff could not have been more WONDERFUL!!!! From the moment I walked into the door, they always said hello, knew my name, and were kind and so helpful! Please do not even think of staying anywhere else! I looked and looked at hotel reviews for probably a month to decide where to stay in London. Then I randomly did a search for best romantic hotels and this one came up. I KNEW I HAD A GOOD HOTEL WHEN I FIRST EMAILED THEM - they were kinder and nicer than any other hotel to which I had inquired. They went above and beyond the call of duty and made my London trip FABULOUS. I know that if I had stayed somewhere else, my trip would not have been half as good. It is about 2 block down (3 min walk) from the Knightsbridge Tube stop and Harrods. In a safe, quiet, clean neighborhood. There is a Marks and Spencer’s grocery store (really nice stuff) and a Sainsbury’s within feet. There is also a McDonalds 1 minute away (which was a nice thing to have on the run – only 6 USD for a full breakfast and it doesn’t taste as greasy as they do in the US). The best thing is that the Knightsbridge stop is on the Piccadilly line – thus, you get on at Heathrow and get off once right at this stop – so please don’t book a car or bus or something – the Tube was perfect and especially when on a budget. I had a single room, which I was a little worried about noise since it is next to the elevator. I think I only noticed the elevator noise a few times in the whole 10 days I was there – not a problem at all. I am a pretty light sleeper, but it did not bother me at all. The TV was great and had some neat options to pay for movies and such if you were going to be staying in. Also, they did room service through a few restaurants nearby (all of which were delicious and at no extra charge to deliver it to your room). They even brought up the food in this amazing basket, along with plates, bowls, condiments and such (because single rooms don’t have kitchenettes in them). The mini-bar had NO mini about it – it was the largest mini bar I have ever seen and although I did not use it, it was nice to know it was there! What else can I say…oh, the breakfast I had ordered to my room. It was good, but I think this was the ONLY thing remotely negative that I can say – it was not worth what it costs. Granted, I never went downstairs and had breakfast in the breakfast room, so it could have been more of a feast down there. I CAN’T TRULY SAY ENOUGH WONDERFUL THINGS ABOUT ALL OF THE STAFF!!! THEY MADE MY STAY!!!! Also, I was worried about phone calls costing too much, but I would dial home for a few seconds and have them call me back – most of the phone calls cost about 29 pence (50 US cents) – so definitely reasonable. Also, DON’T make “toll-free” or “1-800” calls, cause they cost 2 pounds each (4 USD) – and I think this goes for all hotels over there, so don’t look on the Parkes badly. The shower was a tidbit small, but for one person it was perfect. The shower head, if not for all of the other reasons above, is reason alone to go here. It really was the size of a dinner plate and great water pressure. I wanted to get one to put in my house back home! The bathroom was gorgeous marble and really beautiful. I felt like a queen in it! It is not the same size at the Ritz bathroom, but this is London and nothing is the same size. But I do have to say, the marble in the bathroom was JUST AS NICE as the marble bathrooms in the Ritz I have been to. I JUST COULD KEEP GOING ON AND ON – THIS IS THE BEST HOTEL IN LONDON – STAY HERE!!!!!!!!!!!!	
May 6 2008 	Love the location..	Location is excellent, staff is unbelievably helpful. Hotel is very off the radar in an amazing part of London (Knightsbridge). Close to the tube, so work was easy - close to the sites and nightlife so fun was easy.Hotel has no bar or restaurant, would I would argue is the only downside.Bathrooms are AMAZING.	
Feb 15 2008	Another lovely visit	We stayed at Parkes as part of a treat for my parents Golden Wedding Anniversary.I have stayed at Parkes several times previously and one thing I knew about them was that I could rely on this hotel not to let us down for a one-off celebratory weekend. Sure enough Parkes did not let us down.Once again we were pleasantly greeted on arrival with that personal touch that makes you feel welcome, something you should expect from a 4/5 star hotel but you rarely seem to get.We had two junior suites and they were lovely. The rooms at Parkes are all different, not the usual duplicate boxes, so every visit tends to be a new and pleasant surprise. At least it has so far and I suspect that will not change.I love the little touches like the handwritten welcome note in a sealed envelope waiting for you in the room.The junior suites were both lovely. I gave my parents the larger room, and there was not much 'junior' about it. A large room that permitted the deep red painted walls without any sense of claustrophobia. A walk in wardrobe and large lcd tv together with a soft king size bed with luxury beddings.The other room was also lovely and typically quirky with the front door leading to a small mezzanine area overlooking the rest of the room with steps down to it. The mezzanine had a desk area with the bed and sitting area below.Everything is typically classy, distinct and unique just as the owner demands. Furnishings are luxurious and the bathroom toiletries are Molton Brown, just like you would find at the Mandarin Oriental :-)The hotel itself is located in a quiet leafy side street just steps from Harrods. At night the area is tranquil and silent with no through traffic to disturb you so even the front rooms are quiet at night.The one drawback, for some, will be the fact the hotel does not serve lunch or dinner, although it does serve breakfast. But London is on your doorstep, with wonderful Knightsbridge restaurants just minutes away.The people are lovely, friendly and they smile making you feel welcome from the moment you enter to the sad point of departure. Parkes is not cheap, but for a special weekend in the city, I wholeheartedly recommend it.	
Feb 12 2008 	A Fabulous Find a Little Gem	We (7 of us) have just got home after a 2 night family stay at the Parkes Hotel and it was fantastic.....honestly, I couldn't recommend it highly enough. It was a special occasion and they made the weekend even more memorable with their excellent service. We found and booked this hotel as a 60th birthday treat for our parents. Our parents regularly holiday in 4 or 5 star hotels so finding the right base for this weekend was a task I didn't think I would enjoy. We arrived early and 2 of the 4 rooms were ready so we checked in and they took the luggage to the rooms and allowed us to explore the area. Harrods is just a couple of minutes walk away, there are a great selection of cafe's, patisseries, restaurants and a couple of local pubs within 1-2 minutes walk. There is a taxi rank, bus stops (our big bus tour tickets were valid for 48hrs so we didn't need to use the tube) within seconds, I don't think we could have found anywhere more convenient for our weekend. The area feels very safe to walk around in the evenings and within 15min walk to Royal Albert and Hyde Park.We had a single room for my 83yr old grandmother, 2 std doubles for my brother and his partner, and myself and my partner and a suite for our parents. The suite had a large lounge/dining area, small but v functional kitchen, and an additional bathroom for guests to use. It was a perfect space for the 7 of us to congregate in the mornings and evenings and to relax when we got home from our evenings out to enjoy a final night cap together.As a guest of the Parkes hotel you are treated as VIP's. As its a smaller hotel they know your name as you arrive and address you by it each time they see you, giving you helpful pieces of information as you require. Most of the larger hotels we have stayed in previously know you by your room number and you are 1 of many guests passing through their reception area on an hourly basis. But not at the Parkes you will be please to know. All the staff were very friendly and knowledgeable and were happy to assist where ever they could. A couple of times my grandmother came back to the hotel by taxi alone whilst we continued to enjoy the sights of London and each time they escorted her to her room and ensured she had coffee and refreshments. The hotel has a guest lounge also which is very comfortable and relaxing.Our father's birthday was on the Sunday 10 feb, and as a special surprise they arranged the most delicious birthday cake which they delivered to their room at the arranged time.At the end of the weekend both our parents were still in shock at what we had arranged for their birthday treat and agreed that their room was the best they had ever stayed in. I wouldn't call them overly fussy but they certainly know what they like, so well done Parkes, we hope to stay with you again some time!! Thank you.PS afternoon tea at the Park Lane Hotel was lovely too.	
Nov 27 2007 	Another birthday treat	This was our 2nd stay this year and it was just as good! The staff are all so helpful and really care.This was an 88th birthday treat for mum in law and we had invited our number 2 son and his fiancee to join us. We had booked a deluxe double and adjoining single and a standard double at a special rate arranged after our last stay.We arrived early and only the deluxe double was ready. They then found that the other double reeked of smoke (smoking is not permitted anywhere!) so whilst we went to the Albert Hall for the Classical Spectacular they rearranged the rooms so we ended up in a one bedroomed suite and the kids had the deluxe double. Fantastic service.The suite has a kitchenette area so that we could prepare tea and coffee and the lounge area was the meeting place for predinner drinks.The bathrooms are small but delightful. The shower is so refreshing after a hard day with Moulton Brown toiletries.They also arranged a complimentary gateau from Patisserie Valerie (just round the corner on Brompton Road.Breakfast next morning was taken in the basement. Adequate and OK value at £12.50 for continental.Mum travels in a wheelchair but can walk a little so access to the hotel was OK. It is not wheelchair friendly I'm afraid.The Albert Hall is 5 minutes taxi ride or 15 minutes walk. Harrods is 5 minutes walk.Euston Station has the taxi rank below the main concourse and there is no lift evident. At the top of a flight of stairs is a yellow phone for help. Used it, waited 10 minutes - nothing!Saw the new St Pancras station. Visually stunning but sooooo cold in there. The longest champagne bar in Europe does not need to ice the drinks!	
Nov 21 2007 	Great Boutique Hotel	Very welcoming and nice staff. We had a 1 bed suite (room 44). Bedroom tiny but sitting room a better size with tiny kitchen (fridge, microwave, etc.). Great minibar. Great location and definitely stay there again, possibly in a room with an outside terrace.M &amp; K, Edinburgh	
Nov 9 2007 	OK but disappointing for the price	We stayed at the Parkes in London in late October. The hotel is loced in the heart of Kensington, in quite street near Harrods. The property is a period residence, however is really past its prime and needs restoration. Both rooms we were in had problems.For the money I think there are much better options unless the location is critical to you.	
Nov 9 2007	Wonderful comfort	We have just returned from a short stay at this boutique hotel, which is just a few short strides from Harrods - so not so far to carry all those bags back - before looking for the next purchase. It is magnificent and we have never experienced such caring service before. The rooms are huge and lavishly decorated, indeed they make it so attractive and comfortable that one could almost decide not to go out visiting all the sites and sounds. I believe Harrods will deliver !. The General Manager - MrsShaw - and her team looked after us from the moment we stepped into their reception. The Breakfast table offers a huge choice. We recommend dipping deeply into the fresh fruit salad bowl, and the freshly baked pastries - YES for breakfast. This of course can be followed by the 'excellent full english'ENJOY YOUR STAY	
Oct 21 2007 	What a wonderful stay!	Well, what can I say... Wonderful Parkes Hotel!My partner and I had the pleasure to stay at this lovely property a couple of weeks ago and I have to admit, I am still thinking about it.On arrival we were welcomed by the lovely Italian girl at the desk who made us feel at home straight away. The check in was smooth and best of all we were given a free upgrade to a deluxe room. What a great way to start our weekend!We were escorted upstairs by Joseph the porter who was very friendly and professional.The room was big and spacious with a large bed and a sitting area and all the best amenities you could ever ask for.But the best thing about this deluxe room was the bathroom with marble floors and one of the biggest shower head ever seen...real luxury.What makes this small boutique Hotel special are not only the beautiful rooms but indeed the staff who were so professional and friendly and were able to satisfy all our requests.So, well done everyone and thank you so much for the unforgettable stay.We wil be back!	
Oct 18 2007 	The sweetness of London.........	The hotel has made even more already a fantastic magnificent experience. you/he/she has been as to be cuddled by the colors of a place that it makes you feel to house even if you are not him/it. The sweet personnel has been able to make reality all of my dreams, with the maximum professionalism but with the heat that only people of great value know how to give you. Giuliana is a fantastic person that I hope soon for rincontrare in my life. The memory in London is cradled by the memory of the Parkes Hotel.....the sweetness of London	
Sep 18 2007	Misleading Pricing Watch Out	I booked the &quot;Romantic Package&quot; through them at an adverstised price of 275 Pounds for two nights. They even sent out a confirmation to me that says the stay was for that price. When I checked out, they charged me double. When I complained to them, they told me it was a per person price, No where on there email mentioned that. Warning: Get them to send you some kind of invoice that shows the exact total and not the nightly rates. It is very misleading. I have travel extensively and I have never run across this ever before. Even though the stay was enjoyable, even though the walls are paper thin, we left feeling very cheated about the whole situation.	
Sep 10 2007 	Blissful Escape	My partner and I have been fortunate enough to have stayed in many hotels over the past 4 months and can absolutely put this one at the top of our list so far. From the moment that I entered Parke's cozy reception until our very sad departure this place felt like home. A slight glitch in our request for a superior suite was swiftly and smoothly overcome and despite the fact of an early arrival I soon found myself whisked to the top floor and left to discover the beautiful suite that we had been allocated. Looking across the rooftops and chimneys of central London from the large windows is an experience that neither of us shall ever forget and the opportunity to go outside onto the small balcony just added that extra something that is not normally found in other hotels. The rooms themselves are extremely well appointed. Our suite was approx. 60sq.m in size. More than enough for two people. We felt that we could very comfortably live in this suite forever!.The bedroom had an en-suite shower room, large enough to easily accommodate two people due to the largest showerhead I have ever seen! There was also a separate bathroom with a deep bath which we did not get time to use but was useful in the evenings when the two of us were preparing for the evening/day ahead. Both bathrooms were fitted out with top quality fittings with marble floors and walls. Very luxirious! What you see in the hotel's website's pictures is what you get in this fabulous place. (Why isn't this the number one hotel I ask myself?) Bed is very large and comfortable (although one mattress would be better than the two presently found on the bed). Windows look out onto the lovely gardens at the front of the hotel and the room is quiet despite the fact that the hotel is situated in the busy Knightsbridge area just of the Brompton Road. The living room has a dining area and small kitchenette which is discreetly found behind twin doors and not an intrusion. Encouraged by all of this we decided that we did not want to leave our suite. I sent said partner out to the local corner shop (Harrods) with strict instructions to buy everything that we could need for our two day stay. Returning with everything apart from the special green tea I had requested we settled down and cosseted ourselves in our wonderful suite. We also made use of the Hotel's detailed Takeaway service menu for dinner - much more intimate than sitting in a restaurant with other diners in our opinion - which was swiftly delivered to us (washing-up taken care of by maid service the next morning, this hotel really does provide everything). Requests were almost anticipated and discreetly handled before we could ask; the mark of true service. We booked this suite through the hotel's website and feel that by doing so we were offered the best rate possible. All in all our stay at the Parkes Hotel was remarkable and we shall certainly consider it again in the future. I must finish this review by saying that special mention should go to each and every member of staff at the Parkes who made our stay such an extra special event.	
Aug 27 2007 	Great Location	Had a brief but excellent stay at this hotel, waitress was very friendly at breakfast (claire i think was her name).	
Aug 14 2007 	Great location for a London Vacation	Our travel agent recommended the Parkes Hotel as a perfect spot for our family group of five in London. We had a very comfortable suite of two bedrooms, two full baths and a living room with fold out couch which served as our base of operations for our five days in London. The rooms were freshly decorated and very attractive with large flat screen TV's and modern bathrooms. A delicious daily continental breakfast at the hotel was included in our room rate, but we also had the option of a hot breakfast for a small additional fee. The Parkes' Knightsbridge location is less than two blocks from Harrods and within walking distance of Hyde Park, the Victoria and Albert Museum and several tube stations. With the guidance of the very helpful concierge, we made reservations at a number of restaurants in the area and thoroughly enjoyed the convenience of walking to our appointed dinner spots. Given the horrendous exchange rate and the generally high expense of a vacation in London, we found the the Parkes to be a tremendous value and would definitely stay there again. It is quiet, comfortable and perfectly located.	
Jul 16 2007 	Good Location not my first choice...	Stayed one night at this hotel.Hotel was very well located in great quiet square off knightsbridge. Very well located for tourists to visit the sights, museums, shopping etc.Staff were very helpful. Property is 'classic' old english design set in converted large London townhouses.Somewhat tired communal areas. Bedrooms well equipped. Bathrooms very well equipped but TINY. I seriously think the bathroom with sink, shower, toilet was maybe 4ft x 4ft.. it was very well done, clean and cunningly designed but for a longer stay i think would've started to infuriate me.All in all an ok experience but perhaps rather expensive compared to other hotels very nearby.	
Jun 1 2007	My home away from home - Great Gem!!!	I have stayed at this great little hotel from Jan 2006 to May 2007 for a total of 11 business trips (81 days in total) and it became a home away from home for me because of the people, the attitude, and the hotel.People at the Parkes: Fantastic is all I can say. Friendly and helpful in every matter, and they make you feel like you are part of their family. Always providing great recommenations, and sound advice to get around London.The hotel itself: Great small hotel, I stayed in a single, double, and a one bedroom suite. the single is great size for European standards, the beds are extremely comfortable. They do not have a restaurant, but they have a room service menu that you can order from a variety of great restaurnts in the vicinity.Leave your shoes out at night, and they are cleaned and polished every day for you. Rooms are nicely done and very clean. Great location to Harrods and other dept stores. walking distance to Hyde Park.They do not have a business centre, but the staff will print , fax things for you. The internet works fine in the rooms, but I had colleagues tell me that they had trouble connecting. Overall I would say its a great hotel for business travel, but an even great hotel to take that significant other one.	
May 29 2007 	Amazing Hotel	Stayed 2 nights with my wife, amazing hotel, fantastic staff and service. Looking forward to staying again.. simply perfect!	
May 6 2007 	Fantastic hotel	Stayed two nights with my girlfriend in this hotel and we ended up not wanting to go out. Eventually we stayed most of the weekend in the hotel and just enjoyed the pleasure of living in a perfectly furbished environment with firendly service. If you want to spend the night in - make sure to check out the DVD classic corner in the lobby!	
Apr 22 2007 	Almost perfect	Stayed here for the second time, this time for five nights in a superior one bedroom suite. The hotel's location is superb - a few minutes walk fromt he museums, Hyde Park and just next to Harrods. The suite was finely appointed, with all the amenities one could require. The bedroom was of a good size, and quite comfortably distant fromt he living room. The living room was quite large, with a small dining table for 3 next to the small but well equipped kitchennette, and good sized (and quality) LCD TV. The hotel staff give consistent and very personal quality service, making you feel at home.As in my previous stay - the only slight disappointment is the relative small size of the bathrooms. However, they are extremely well fixtured (including very useful under the floor heating) with a wonderful &quot;rain shower head&quot;.For some reason - I have twice encountered problems with the car service arranged through the hotel. Given the quality of their service in other areas, I tend to believe this is more bad luck than anything else.All in all - a wonderful experience, which I intend to repeat sooner rather than later.	
Apr 10 2007 	Forever spoiled for the rest	My husband surprised me by arranging three nights at the Parkes Hotel. We were taking our three children, ages 12, 9 and 7 to Europe for the first time and had a two-night voucher at the Royal National Hotel as part of our British Airways ticket package. The plethora of scary reviews of the Royal had us all scared. My husband came to the rescue. The Parkes arranged for us to be picked up at Heathrow - a Mercedes minivan, the first I had seen. In the lobby we were warmly greeted and quickly whisked upstairs. The porter showed us to rooms 43 and 47, a suite and room that can be connected, and we were instantly awed. The suite had two bathrooms, both marble from floor to ceiling with lovely heated floors. The first had a deep, luxurious soaking tub and the second had an enormous shower with the biggest rainfall shower head I had seen - about a foot in diameter. Beautiful full-size Molton Brown toiletries - including two kinds of bath gel - made showering a wonderful treat. The kids couldn't believe the five-foot plasma television in the living room. The bedrooms were lovely and ample. Linens were thick, the duvets soft and cozy. We loved having a living room and small kitchenette. In the morning we ordered coffee delivered to the room and it was strong and delightful. They were also helpful in supplying and setting up an adapter for my laptop and digital camera. The location couldn't be beat. Harrod's is a block and half away and the Underground is an easy, pretty walk. There is a fun Lebanese restaurant right around the corner that is open late. I am quite sure we will never stay anywhere quite so nice and friendly again. We are now spoiled for the rest. Though it is expensive, it felt worth every penny.	
Mar 12 2007 	Nice breakfast limited space small bed.	We stayed a weekend on the Romance Package. Reception was good and we were quickly shown to a junior suite. The living room portion was nice with a large flatscreen tv and a small kitchen with fridge, microwave and kettle.We had two large suitcases and two small ones. Unfortunately there was no storage for our suitcases except to put them on the floor in the living room. The adjoining bedroom was very small. It contained a double size bed only. There was very little room to move.The bathroom was nice with a good shower. The bathtub was not very comfy for reclining. The hotel is a modified house and as such when other guests came home late it was quite noisy. The view from our windows [they opened] was of the backs of restaurants on the next street over. There was a smell of food cooking. A smell of smoke came from other rooms.The morning breakfast was in a nice lower level room and was excellent. Lots of choice in cereal and fruit. That lovely English yogurt and excellent latte.	
Mar 12 2007 	Rude and unhelpful	Completely flabbergasted!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Never met staff who are so rude or unfriendly. If this is one of the best hotels in London then I would hate to see one of the worst.	
Feb 26 2007 	A little disappointing	Following numerous positive reviews I booked the Parkes Hotel expecting the No 1 status of London Hotels. On arrival the reception was small and insignificant and the reception staff were cool and detached although we were allowed to check in early. To request a credit card prepayment for extras and to mention that all cooked beakfasts were extra (even including a boiled egg as the receptionist stated) was petty and totally uncalled for. Our room (no 62) was disappointing for a deluxe double and smaller than displayed on their website. As you go through the room door you immediately decend 6 stairs to the main bedroom/bathroom and totally unsuitable for the infirm or after a couple of glasses of wine. The ceiling was low and although well furnished throughout, the bathroom was very small and claustrophobic with brown marble tiles. There were no tea/coffee facilities but there was an extensive and as you can guess, expensive minibar collection. In hindsight I should have complained, but as we were only staying 1 night and as we would be out most of the time I let it pass. Breakfast was excellent ( I passed on the boiled eggs!) . The residents lounge is ok if you like dreary depressing dark oak wall panels continued from the reception. Overall I don't know what other travellers rave about. It's a good hotel, well situated but what is the wow factor that made it no. 1 in the ratings of London Hotels?	
Feb 20 2007	Fine but Limited Facilities for Price	The Parkes Hotel is pleasant hotel, the staff are responsive and in general the stay was satisfactory. The facilities however struck me as limited for the price. A &quot;Double Room&quot; was closer to what I would have expected in a Single Room &amp; was beginning to show signs of wear and tear. The bathroom was particularly small. No serious attempt was made to assist me in procuring a taxi and a 15 minute walk up Knightsbridge with luggage ensued. I believe that this B&amp;B charges more than the equivalent full service hotel and represents poor value.	
Feb 18 2007 	The most amazing hotel imaginable	Last stayed here in November and am looking forward to an upcoming trip in March. This is where I always stay when I'm in London! Have tried various other hotels but none of them live up to PARKES. From the first class service - everyone makes you feel as though you're the only guest and nothing is too much effort, to the beautiful, spotless, rooms. You can't go wrong! Roll on March, when I can look forward to another luxurious stay and thanks to everyone who makes it so special!	
Feb 12 2007 	This is the best	This is personal, the feeling we had for this intimate charming home away from home...we stayed here for nine nights this February . The staff including Christine, Andrea, Juliana, Lucas, Vincent, Joseph were helpful, humorous, energetic and personal. We felt we were welcome guests in their luxurious home. The rooms were charmingly decorated, warm, cosy and spotlessly maintained.The bath was clad in marble.and Molton Brown toiletries. The rainhead shower and heated marble floor were really welcome after walking in the cold.  The location is on a quiet street, Beaufort Gardens, one block from Harrods and other stylish shopping boutiques. The hotel is halfway between the Knightsbridge and South Kensington tubestations making it easily accessible to all of London.	
Feb 2 2007 	Delightful	Just back fom a two night stay at this fabulous small townhouse hotel. Together with my Italian guests we were able to move around London very easily as the hotel is well located near all the tourist sights.. and Harrods is just round the corner.. Rooms very comfy and all the latest high tech - beautiful bathrooms with underfloor heating.. a delight..... Staff very kind and helpful - can arrange tickets for most things! Would highly recommend a romantic weekend for St. Valentines!!	
Jan 25 2007 	Fantastic hotel	I took my parents to London just before christmas to see carols at the Royal Albert Hall, we took Trip advisors advice and stayed at The Parkes.what can I say? no hotel I have stayed in has lived up to this place! I absolutely loved it. when we arrived, I had paid for an upgrade for my parents room but they also gave me and my partner a free upgrade too!the staff were so friendly and the rooms were absolutely gorgeous, massive with big windows overlooking the quiet tree lined street below. everything was clean, and the concierge assisted us with finding a great restaurant nearby too.The close proximity to Harrods and a busy shopping street may seem off-putting but you won't even notice it once you turn into Beauford Gardens, it is unbelievably quiet for somewhere so close to so many shops.It was quite pricey for a hotel but as a treat, it was worth every penny.	
Jan 8 2007 	Expensive but	We stayed at this hotel for one night and really enjoyed our stay. We were greeted on arrival by Joseph and Christine who were pleasant and very helpful. We had a 1 bed suite on the ground floor. It was spacious with really high ceilings, exceptional decor and good quality furniture and fittings. The suite comprised of a lounge area with bed settee, which faced onto the beautiful tree lined street, a useful kitchenette area, Marble bathroom and double bedroom. Two 42&quot; LCD Screens, fully stocked Mini Bar, Molton brown bath products and fluffy robes.The best thing about this hotel is its location, Its a really nice part of london and everything is close at hand. Take a day to walk down the street and visit the V&amp;A, Natural History, and Science Museums. They are all free and about 10mins walk away. The only thing I would say that might put me off returning to the hotel was the duty manager, she was rude to one of my guests and generally had a bad attitude.	
Jan 8 2007 	wonderful	My husband and I stayed at the Parkes Hotel for a long weekend in Nov. Located in a great part of London city. No complaints...Agree with what the last few posters have said so dont want to duplicate but highyl recommend it	
Dec 12 2006	Fantastic -- reviews here are spot on	We had a great stay at the Parkes. Outstanding staff, great room (Deluxe Double).Upon an early arrival, we asked about theater tickets, and the staff was able to get us seats for that evening, text us the details, and bill it to our room -- prices weren't at all outrageous, even given the broker's fee. Room was great, a little neighbor noise but never a problem at night.I'd recommend it to anyone going to London... especially nice if you're arriving at Gatwick, as it's quite close to Victoria Station, which is the first and only stop on the Gatwick express.	
Dec 8 2006 	Gem of a Hotel	The outside of the hotel looks just like any Georgian house around the Knightsbridge area but it's when you go inside and greeted by really friendly staff and when you see the room you won't be disappointed. I stayed in a double/suite and ok it's not massive but it's very clean and the bed is amazing. Bathroom is fantastic. Service is very good. I walked in with some flowers which I bought from outside, the staff asked if I would like them sent up to my room in a vase. My wife was very impressed ( she thought I bought them from the hotel - you kidding me!) It's only 1 min walk from Harrods and their are plenty of shops on the main road. You won't hear any noise as the hotel is situated on a side road. As it's a small hotel and not chain run, the staff do go out of their way to impress and give that more personal touch that is needed in most hotels I visit.	
Oct 10 2006	Parkes Hotel - A great find	My husband and I stayed at the Parkes Hotel for about a week. This hotel is an oasis in busy Knightsbridge. The room is really well appointed, the beds are comfortable and it is small enough to offer personalized service.The bathroom, shower and heated floors were a real treat.The staff was polite and helpful - especially Christine and Joseph.	
Oct 6 2006 	a sweet retreat	Little known but highly exceptional, The Parkes is everything one could expect from a boutique hotel. The bonus is Chris at the reception desk. She should have the clefs d'or, as she is certainly one of the best concierges I have met, and I've seen more than my share.WE were so sorry to have to leave after just one night, but hope to return for a better stay sometime soon. Bedrooms and bathrooms were exceptional. And, I always worry about &quot;kitchenettes&quot; in the room, and fear the food smell would pervade. Not true.Thanks, Parkes, for a lovely retreat from the world.	
Sep 18 2006 	Oasis off Old Brompton Rd.	My husband and I spent 6 nights at the Parkes Hotel in early August. We had been to London twice, both times as a family with our son, and both times during the Christmas holiday. Our first stay was at a hotel off Gloucester Rd., and our second in an apartment in Bayswater. We preferred the 1st location, so I decided to try to book a hotel in the Kensington/Knightsbridge area. My husband asked only that the room be large and that there be a kitchen, if possible. The Parkes fit the bill; though pricey, it was in the right location and had a kitchenette. The photos looked lovely, the reviews were great, so I took a chance and booked the room -- and I am very glad I did. I would highly recommend a stay at the Parkes to anyone wishing to experience a (very luxurious) home away from home.We arrived in London after a 6 day visit in Paris, so we took the tube from Waterloo to the tube stop closest to Harrods, turned left (fighting the crowds all the way, and lugging our very large L.L. Bean rolling duffle bags), walked two blocks, made another left, and found ourselves away from the hustle and bustle of Old Brompton Road and approaching the Parkes. The building is very unassuming, and my very particular husband was harrumphing as we thumped our luggage up the 4 or 5 steps to the lobby (he is pretty particular about his digs). However, once we were introduced to our room, he quickly changed his tune. I had booked the largest 1 br suite. Our room, on the 3rd floor, consisted of a full-sized living room, with a couch, coffee table and several chairs. There was also a desk, a dining table with four chairs, and inside a closet, the kitchenette with a refrigerator/freezer (apartment sized), microwave, and coffee maker, as well as the full complement of plates, glasses, and utensils. Off the living room was a walk-in closet and a green marble bath with a soaking tube and heated floors. The bedroom had a king-sized bed, lovely linens and pillows, a generous closet and dresser, and a bath with an overhead rain shower. We appreciated the two baths and my husband became quite enamored of the Moulton Brown bath products (in full-sized containers -- they are not to be taken from the room but may be purchased for 13 pounds ea.). My husband was so impressed that he took photos of the room (sorry I don't have them to post). The room was very quiet -- you would hardly know that one of London's busiest shopping areas was a block away. The temperature in the room was easily adjustable and very comfortable even though London was experiencing some very warm weather. The flat panel TV was great, though if you are used to 200 channels, you'll be disappointed. There was a DVD player, but the bellman admitted they had no DVDs (we actually had brought our own to watch on the plane, so we were set).We did not have breakfast, do laundry (at 10 pounds a bag) (we actually found a landromat in S. Kensington and did a few loads), or rely on the concierge for any assistance. We ate out only one night, at a very good Chinese place on Brompton Rd. Otherwise, we went to Patisserie Valerie (two locations within 2 blocks of the hotel) for &quot;elevenses (eggs/salmon, scones, yummy Viennese pastries). After long days of sightseeing, we bought good takeaway from Harrods, Marks and Spencer's, and Harvey Nichols, all very close by. We thought the best selection and value was from Harvey Nichols. We had soup, bread, cheese, wine, salads, etc. -- so saved a bit on the expenses since we were spending so much on the hotel. All in all, a lovely experience, and a great way to end a 15 day European sojurn.	
Sep 16 2006	Wonderful Spot	We just stayed at the Parkes Hotel last week, and truly loved it. The place is small and the rooms are very comfortable and beautiful. The staff was very nice and helpful, the two drivers we had were terrific and the location is great! What more could you ask for?Alittle pricey, however, the exchange was almost 2 to 1. Highly reccommend the hotel.	
Sep 15 2006	Top Quality Hotel. Ideally situated	We have just stayed here two nights on one of their &quot;Romantic Weekend Breaks&quot; paid for in advance by our daughter. Upgraded without asking to an enormous suite. Champagne,Choclates,Flowers and gift on arrival. Top quality accomodation with nothing spared in terms of expense on fittings etc. Great bathrooms and huge comfortable bed. No problem having no restaurant or bar. Good restaurants within close walking distance (we recommend Racine for top quality french) and room was stocked with enough drink to keep us going for months. In any case Harrods is very close and we enjoyed their take away. Hotel is set in a quiet atmospheric old London street. Highly recommended.	
Sep 9 2006 	Great Personal Attention	We arrived in Late July 2006 for a special anniversary and stayed in a standard 1 bedroom suite. We received great personal attention from the staff that was friendly and knowledgeable. They all knew us by name and arranged for great theater tickets with 1 days notice. Great location, 2 blocks to the tube, 1 block from Harrods, 10 minute walk to Hyde Park. It’s also on a clean, quiet cull-de-sac. Small surroundings, but what we expected for London. It had a flat screen TV in bedroom and living room, and a good wireless internet connection that was complimentary. It had a small but adequate kitchen, tiny elevator. The huge rainfall showerhead and marble bath room were luxurious. Overall great experience, highly recommended.	
Aug 3 2006 	Quiet/Quaint	After reading all the reviews, we decided to stay at the Parkes Hotel for our first trip to London and our 25th wedding anniversary.Prior to arrival, the Parkes arranged for a driver to pick us up at Gatwick, and even managed to get us tickets to the opening night of the Eric Clapton tour! We will say our seats were excellent.Upon arriving to the hotel, we were greeted by a friendly staff and our luggage was taken to our suite (room 67) whereupon a bottle of champagne was chilling on ice with a congratulatory/welcome note from management.Having traveled all night, we were exhausted and ready to freshen up before we ventured out around the city. The master bath (there were 2 in the suite) was fabulous -- heated floors and a shower with an incredible rainsfall showerhead. Bathrobes and Moulton Brown bath products were provided.The suite overlooked the quiet street and we had a view of the dome from Harrod's. The suite offered the comforts of home and it was nice not feeling like we were living in a hotel for the 10 days we were there. We looked forward to returning to our room at the end of our busy days, and adding to the comforts were the highspeed, wireless internet (free of charge), movies (free from the library and pay per view), and being able to use our American products with the converters which were available.The Parkes is located on a quiet cul-de-sac, with Harrods and the tube close by. There are numerous shops, restaurants, and even a grocery store nearby. Although the Parkes does not have a restaurant, there are several close by which delivered.The breakfasts at the Parkes were wonderful, and the choices of food was widespread. By the time we left, the staff knew our room number and our preferences without having to ask!Throughout our stay, the staff was very friendly, knowledgeable, accommodating, and eager to meet any of our needs and requests. They made us feel special and we weren't treated like a number.Although pricey, we were glad we chose the Parkes to make our first trip to London and our wedding anniversary more memorable.	
Jul 16 2006	Is this the best hotel in London?	I chose Parkes as it was rated number one on Tripadvisor. It certainly is an excellent hotel. The staff were incredibly good. We were upgraded without asking. Parkes is also in a perfect location - very near Harrods and in a quite cul-de-sac in Knightsbridge. I would certainly stay here again, and hope to bring my children with me next time.A couple of tiny niggles. The fridge in the room offered UHT milk instead of fresh, pasteurised milk - why? The extractor fan in the bathroom didn't work and there was some irritating plumbing noises from a room above.But, Parkes is definitely a 'find' and I would recommend it to anyone. Bear in mind that it is a very small hotel so doesn't offer lavish dining rooms and spas, etc. But the staff can arrange all this! Harrods' food hall is just a few steps away.So, is Parkes the best hotel in London? Throughout the world, I've stayed in better - but not many!	
Jul 7 2006	Would not stay here again.	As usual we were guided by the reviews on tripadvisor. A mistake on this occasion it seems. My wife and I booked a non smoking deluxe double for a couple of nights during Wimbledon fortnight. When we arrived we were left standing in the tiny lobby for 20 minutes while both receptionists and the porter were trying to extract credit card details from another guest. When we were eventually acknowledged no apology was offered for the delay and the porter disappeared leaving us to make our own way to our room. A short journey in the cramped 3 person lift took us to the creaky floorboards of the narrow corridor leading to our room. Once inside it was apparent by the smell that it was a smoking room complete with ashtray, complimentary matches and cigatette burns in the carpet. We returned to reception and were told that the hotel did not have a smoking policy and all rooms were smoking rooms, we were also told that no other rooms were free. The bed was two single matresses pushed together. Hanging space was very limited and in room safe didnt work. Bathroom had been elegant once but needed a good clean. Turndown service hit and miss. Bathrobes had hairs on them! Breakfast was only average with sour milk for the tea. I could go on but won't because it will be boring. My advice is look around, there are far better hotels in London. Beware, this hotel shows prices exclusive of VAT. Remember to add 17.5% to room rate, breakfast etc.	
May 19 2006 	Simply wonderful!	The Parkes is now the standard by which I measure other hotels! That's a pretty strong statement coming from someone who has traveled all over the world and stayed in many hotels over the past 25 years, however, it is the simple truth. I read about the Parkes on TripAdviser and decided that I and my girlfriend should see if it was a good as the reviews said. Not only did it live up to the reviews, I have to say that it was even better than the reviews indicated. The staff were incredibly welcoming, knowledgable and helpful. We found ourselves talking to them every time we came and went simply because they were such genteel and interesting people. The staff at other hotels could learn a lot from the staff at The Parkes. We reserved a small suite on the ground floor. It was exceptional. Within a few short hours we felt at home and even though we truly enjoy London, we actually looked forward to returning to our suite each night. As most experienced travelers know, that is a rarity. The bathroom in our suite was extraordinary, not only for its style but also for its size and convenience. In addition, The Parkes has the hottest showers in all of London. If I had to sum up The Parkes I think the phrase &quot;understated elegance&quot; would come as close as anything. The location of The Parkes was also exceptional. The hotel is tucked away on a side street that is centrally located, yet still quiet and low key. It was very easy to get just about anywhere in London from the Parkes. I could write several more paragraphs about our experience but by this point I think you probably get the general idea. The Parkes is an exceptional hotel. There is one caveat, however, I was reluctant to write this evaluation because the more people who find out about The Parkes, the more difficult it will be for us to get a reservation the next time we go to London - and we've already decided that there will be a next time.	
May 14 2006	Elegant friendly hotel	My friend and I booked a one night stay in this hotel based on the reviews on this site. It did not disappoint. We had a super room with a king size bed and wonderful white, soft bedding. Normally I do not sleep well in hotel beds, but here I slept really well. The bathroom was stylish and the shower was like Niagara! The breakfast was appetizing and well served. In fact the staff are very friendly and helpful.The location is excellent, with Harrods only minutes on foot. Our view was of the back of the hotel and was like a scene from Mary Poppins with all the roofs and chimneys. The front of the hotel looks onto a quiet, tree-lined street (like in My Fair Lady!) so in future I would ask for a room at the front of the hotel.I would recommend it to anyone looking for a small , elegant hotel.	
Apr 28 2006	Keep it a secret	One of the problems with providing great reviews on smaller hotels is that the secret gets out and the place gets too popular....and pricy. Yet, after just spending a truly wonderful 4 nights at this exceptional hotel I feel compelled to add to the growing list of positive reviews. We booked a one-bedroom suite (#67) over Easter weekend and were treated to several unexpected, and very pleasant surprises: Two bathrooms (complete with heated marble floors), two large flat screen TVs, a kitchenette, free high speed wireless internet, an exceptionally comfortable bed, and the best bathroom shower in London. Julia, Mike, Christina and the rest of the staff are superb. The hotel's location could not have been better for us. Although located on a quiet residential street, dozens of fine restaurants, small shops, boutiques, and other amenities are all located within a 5 minute walk. We will, most certainly, return to this remarkable hotel on our next trip to London.	
Apr 26 2006	Absolutely loved it.	On the recommendation of a friend, we stayed at Parkes in January. After having just stayed at the Berkeley, we were so impressed by the charm and ambience of Parkes. (The hotel is located on a quiet little street, in a beautiful building near Harrods) The staff was friendly and knowledgeable, providing us with candid (and accurate) advice regarding London's newest and best restaurants and sights. The rooms were well designed and luxuriously appointed. Even the hotel's breakfast was Euro-magical. Overall, I can't see why we would ever bother with any other hotel in London. It was a perfect stay.	
Apr 12 2006	Top quality 	It seems a bit unnecessary writing a review on Parke's given that all the reviews on tripadvisor are so positive, but after staying there for four nights earlier this year, I just wanted to add another seal of approval.The hotel has a real quality feel, with wonderful fabrics and fittings, excellent staff and a superb location. We had room 47 - a lovely one bedroom suite with own kitchenette, perfect for making up late night snacks from the local corner shop (Harrods!).Breakfast was excellent - proper fried eggs &amp; the most wonderful bacon.Just one tiny criticism - the butter at breakfast was served in those little plastic tubs - a pot of fresh butter on the table would have been perfect.	
Apr 4 2006	Getting it Right	Stayed at the Parkes for a girls shopping trip. As soon as you enter you feel welcome. The staff are friendly and pleasant. Our room was medium sized and the bathroom tiny. But what a bathroom. Fantastic shower,robes,proper hairdryer, molton brown toiletries and soft white towels. Very nice breakfast and lovely cosy comfortable lounge. Bliss after a days shopping. The biggest most luxurious hotels can get it wrong. The Parkes is all about getting it right. Loved it and will always stay when I visit London.	
Mar 6 2006	the best	I also stayed based on the reviews and it was everything that i expected but more. we were their on a girls shopping trip and stayed in a superior suite it was great. I had found a lower rate on line the night before we left, emailed the hotel to see if they would match it and when we arrived they immediately told us they had changed the rate, what service. The staff was exceptional and you saw the same familiar faces regularly. We did not have coffee or breakfast with them instead went out. There is a patisserie very close, awesome pastries and offered full American style breakfast at a reasonable price. There is also a Starbucks behind Harrods and fresh croissants and krispy kremes in Harrods. The tube is very close and convenient. I wrote a positive review this summer on the Mandarin but would never spend what i did their if i had known about the Parkes. The Parkes was great i hope it never changes.	
Feb 15 2006	Excellent value and top service	Booked solely on the reccomendations seen on Trip Advisor and definately not disappointed in any way at all. My fiance and I stayed here for one night on Monday 13th after flying in from New York. All the extras I had asked for - Limo pickup from Terminal 4, flowers, champagne, chocolates in the room on arrival - faultless. Even though we arrived late, getting fed wasnt an issue, the staff went the extra mile and then some.Room beautifully equipped and presented, spotlessly clean.I cannot find any fault whatsoever with this hotel and would not only reccomend it to anyone, but would also like to say that it could teach a number of larger establishments, (particularly in New York City!) some humbling lessons about what top customer service is all about. Will definately go back, without question.	
Feb 14 2006	top hotel	We booked on the basis of the hotel's place at the top of the TripAdvisor list and weren't disappointed. Our room was very spacious and well furnished. The location in Knightsbridge is superb.	
Feb 14 2006	Perfect in London	The Tripadvisor top-rated hotel in London lived up to its billing. Great location (near Harrods and Underground); quietly elegant with staff that knows you from the moment you step inside. And large, well-appointed rooms. We went in January and benefited from special rates (they were helpful in e-mail correspondence about this). We'd stay there again.	
Feb 2 2006	Fantastic Hotel and Staff	I never write reviews, but I just had to as this is one of the most magical places I have stayed in. It was my partners 40th Birthday and the staff went over and above what was expected to make the occasion memorable. The hotel was wonderfully grand without being stuffy and nothing was too much trouble for anyone.Our room was unbelievable and was the height of luxury.I cannot recommend this hotel and staff highly enough.	
Jan 30 2006	** MOST AMAZING HOTEL AND SERVICE **	The Parkes Hotel London is 10 star service!First of all look at the review ratings of tripadvisor, it doesnt get any better, its amazing that this hotel can make even the most negative people happy, I do not see one bad review on this site for the parkes, that says alot, because even the satisfied people will look for something to complain about. Let me say that this Hotel, and the service is like it used to be, everybody wanting to help you, and being there for you if you do need it. They insisted they would go to Mc Donalds for me, so they did, they insisted they would get us a raincoat, and umbrella.They talked with our touristy questions forever, and really had a friendship with all the staff at the Parkes hotel. The service is almost too good to be true till we stayed there for last week. I normally dont write reviews, but just had to for this excellent hotel. Its not like a Marriot over by the London Eye, where you have lots of people. This hotel is in a expensive neighborhood near Harrods, and all the resteraunts here are wonderful, you are further away from the tourists and all the people here on this street. The subway is real close to walk too. I have attached images of our room, remember that this is just a standard double, and it was absolutely the most gorgeaus room I ever had.This was for our honeymoon stay, and all the staff was very kind to us, they didnt want us to go.The bathroom had a heated marble floor, wow it felt so good, I looked forward to using the bathroom and the huge shower head, all the shampoos and lotion were big large colorful bottles of real good stuff, you can tell good stuff because it smells good and works great. This room had more alcohol that I have ever seen, even though we dont drink, there were lots of candy and soft drink goodies for us in the stocked mini bar. Plent of room to walk around, The Parkes hotel is not one of those hotels that you hear are small rooms, look at my image of our room, it was huge with seperate sitting area, the bed was the best part, a huge cal king with the softest of linen.This hotel has real maids and butlers, they are not just hotel maids. They do it all for you, they speak great english too. Most of the staff are foreign from delightful countries such as Italy and England.The only reason it cant be a 5 star is because they dont have a resteraunt, but thats better because they in room menu shows about 10 different resteraunts that they can go to for you.This hotel and the staff were amazing, we would recommend this over any hotel in London, the service is way beyond 5 star here, I cant see any other hotel paying so much attention to their guests then the Pakes.Please, If you are looking to stay in London, stay here, you will love it like we did,Expect about $300USD a night, about 145GBP.You can email me if you want more info, We went to alot of great resteraunts near by that I can recommend too.	
Jan 22 2006 	Unstuffy luxury	A week's visit made us feel as if we lived there. Wonderfully friendly and accommodating staff, the highest standards of cleanliness and thoughtfulness with the comfort of home. Relaxed luxury without pretention.	
Jan 18 2006	Parkes is a gem	With a professional and accomodating staff, delightful well furnished rooms, superb amenities such as fluffy towels, Molton &amp; Brown toiletries, reliable wireless internet access and a perfect and quiet location, it is difficult to find anything missing. It is small, there is no 24 hour in-house room service or lobby bar but those are all things I like. The prior reviewer would be happier at a Hilton, Marriot, or other large chain. Parkes is small, accomodating, steps from the V &amp; A museum and charming. We will be back.	
Jan 15 2006 	Parkes is THE number one for the money!!!!!	Had read the #1 rating on this site and wanted to try. Was bowled over. Parkes is the real deal. Huge deluxe room, great bed, fantastic location. I've stayed at the Berkeley, the Connaught, the Grosvenor, Blakes (atrocious) and an assortment of B&amp;B's in my youth. I'm happy to report that I'll return to Parkes again and again. Service was top notch. Staff was on target re bookings, car service, finding taxis, locating phone numbers, etc. Didn't have the breakfast, but who's got time for that in London? I also loved the bathroom. Efficient, beautiful and hey, there's wi-fi that works. And yes, it's on a lovely QUIET street, just off Brompton Road a stone's throw from Harrods and the V&amp;A Museum. For the money, 220 quid nightly, it's THE BEST!!!!	
Jan 9 2006	number one in london?	Having stayed at a few shockers in recent months thought i would play it safe and book the # 1 ranked hotel on this website in for our Xmas theatre trip to London. v nice welcome, accommodating staff but personally cannot believe there are not hotels with better rooms, and with more comprehensive hotel facilities in London.Aside from the staff being very friendly and the hotels location, was really disappointed with the following: toilet in our suite would not flush (despite their attempts to repair, and no other suites available) the underfloor heating in bathroom was faulty and the aircon in bedroom kept us awake at night (slept on sofabed in lounge).also no 24 hour room service, we ended up having domino's pizza at 11pm :(I appreciate most hotels have their faults, but the best in London?	
Dec 18 2005	Better than 5 stars!	From the welcome at reception to the friendly farewell, the Parkes deserves all the praise it gets. We spent two nights there and would recommend it to anyone wanting something different in London from bland chain hotels. The room was spotless, service faultless and we didn't want to leave!	
Dec 1 2005	Delightful experience!	I just spend two nights at Parkes Hotel in a single room. Compared to other small boutique hotels in the area, the rooms were larger and much nicer. The finest products were provided and fantastic rain shower! I will definitely stay here again.	
Nov 25 2005	Informal Luxury to die for	On the recommendation of a friend my wife and I stayed at Parkes as a treat to ourselves on a weekend visit to London.The suite we took was absolutley fantastic, overlooking a classic London square, very quiet, yet right in the heart of Knightsbridge and just a couple of minutes walk from Harrods which we used as our cornershop all weekend with countless visits to the Food Hall.If the large formula luxury hotel bores you then Parkes really is a welcome breath of fresh air. Small enough to be intimate (It really was a townhouse once) and the staff were excellent with just the right balance of professionalism with informality.After we'd done our homework we reckoned the cost, though not cheap, was still great value when compared to the larger and rather grey London luxury hotels.	
Nov 21 2005	Ideal B	Given that London is rip-off central and that you can have a week in Dubai for the cost of two nights in Parkes, this little B&amp;B can still be regarded as good value - we paid £200 per night for a deluxe double, Room 42, which was very spacious with a real kingsize bed, a sofa and armchair, large coffee table, writing desk, Zoffany-style drapes and venetian blinds. We thought the lighting excellent. The small bathroom was lotions-and-potions generous and imitation green marble (maybe Amtico?). On the debit side, the sink had a slight crack and the bath had serious mould in the crevices. They also left a tray of dirty tea cups in the room for a full day. Otherwise, service was very friendly from the multi-national staff, though the receptionist, when asked by a fellow guest, appeared uncertain about which days the Congestion Charge did not apply (Sat and Sun). Breakfast is in a dullish and chilly basement - a fair buffet with cheese, cold meats, proper fruit salad and nice breads. Eggiwegs cost extra. The hotel is 5 mins from Harrods, a 40 minute walk to the National Gallery (for instance) and there are dozens of great restaurants nearby, such as The Capital and Racine where we ate our dinners. We parked for £32 a day at the NCP in Cadogan Place, where every other car is a Ferrari or Aston Martin.	
Nov 8 2005 	My new favourite London hotel	My husband and I just returned from a 4-night stay at the Parkes Hotel. We have stayed in London many times over the years, and found it to be the best value in the city. The room was the largest we have ever stayed in, complete with a canopied king-size bed with sumptuous linens and draperies, a gorgeous marble bathroom with wonderful Molton Brown amenities, a large sitting area with two comfy armchairs, excellent lighting for reading throughout the room, a convenient armoire and dresser for our clothing and a sizable desk to work on. Continental breakfast was included and was excellent. Staff was attentive, friendly and accommodating. Allowed us to leave some of our luggage there for 4 days while we travelled elsewhere. Excellent location on a quiet street in Knightsbridge. After staying in miniscule rooms that don't include breakfast, we will stay at the Parkes on any subsequent trip to London.	
Nov 7 2005	Loved every minute	We stayed for twenty-four hours at the Parkes Hotel and loved every minute of it. You arrive to a wonderful greeting and the service is excellent. I thought my suite of rooms outstanding and tastefully designed with every comfort available - we had a delicious breakfast, I loved the marble bathroom and would recommend the rain shower, so relaxing after shopping. The hotel is very conveniently placed, central to Hyde Park, the Museums , Harrods and the Underground. I would love to visit again.	
Oct 31 2005 	Great Choice but oh the teapots and porridge!	We stayed at Parkes last week and the previous reviews on this site are spot-on. A gem tucked into a quiet street. Service excels. My mother in law stayed in a single room which she rated as a closet, so do be aware of the size if you have a single room. Staff could not have been friendlier, nor more helpful. Everything we asked they had an answer or stopped what they were doing to research.My only disapointment was with their breakfast. For someone allergic to eggs there was little choice. No porridge, just dry oat flakes, which they would add hot water to upon request. Tea was served in plastic teapots, a true letdown when you are particular about your tea. For the price of breakfast they need to upgrade their teapots and offer better non-egg options.That aside, we will return.	
Oct 28 2005	All that we hoped	It was all the things that others have written. Nice room, good food and exceptionally helpful staff.We will definitely return.	
Oct 1 2005 	WOW! The BEST.	Parkes Hotel is an incredible place to stay!The Staff Fabulous and the location really is just around the corner from Harrod's.The rooms are well appointed, the towels are HUGE and luxurious, bedding as well. The Staff really are helpful and eager to please. I arrived early and the room happened to be available so they let me check in early...they made car arrangements and the breakfast was excellent. Free wireless internet made doing business very simple and the Molton Brown bath products were great. I will ALWAYS stay here, they have won my business and personal travel dollars!	
Sep 11 2005 	Best Kept Secret In London	I stay at this hotel regularly and cannot rate it highly enough. The rooms are beatufully presented, are full of high quality furnishings and bathroom products, but perhaps most importantly the staff are magnificent.From the porters thru to the M.D they are overwhelmingly helpful, from sorting out parking meters, to cleaning your shoes overnight, to booking excellent restaurants they are a credit to the industry.I would absolutely reccomend this hotel to anyone who values courtesy and service together with excellent fascilities.	
Sep 8 2005	Great hotel!	This is a wonderful small hotel with a 'family run' feeel but with small touches that make it a good luxury hotel. The location is great for Harrods, the V&amp;A, etc. The staff are friendly and helpful, not at all stuffy. The fixtures and fittings, toiletries, etc. are high quality. Have to mention the beds - really excellent! In summary, we were very very happy with our stay here...	
Aug 16 2005	Absolutely Fantastic!!!!!!!	I stayed at this Hotel with my young son. The staff simply could not do enough. The suite was perfection, and the location was simply superb. Virtually next door to Harrods. I would highly recommend and I will certainly be re-visting.	
Aug 8 2005 	Best and most definitely the friendliest hotel in London	Stayed here for the second time and it really is the best hotel in London we have stayed in. Just had a wonderful weekend in one of their superior suites . The hotel is brilliant - staff are friendly and very welcoming, the rooms are of a very high standard (even the basic rooms) and are spotlessly clean. The breakfast room is lovely and the food excellent - it's just a real home from home - in fact we never want to go home !	
Jun 27 2005	Best Hotel we've stayed in	Wonderful hotel, beautiful spacious rooms, best shower anywhere, best mini-bar we've ever seen, even the cotton bedlinen felt like silk. Staff were welcoming, helpful, friendly and down to earth, a bonus given the hotel's position just around the corner from Harrods. We had an excellent deal from Last minute which included buffet breakfast. Would love to stay there again as a couple, but if we were taking the kids, it would be wasted and we would stay somewhere cheaper. There were children in the hotel and I think they would well looked after.	
Jun 6 2005 	My favourite hotel	As a regular business traveller I have stayed at Parkes Hotel on more than 30 separate occasions. On my first visit I was thrilled with the easily accessible phone port and power sockets above the desk, the adjustable lighting, the great bathrooms with fantastic showerheads and the wonderfully comfortable beds. Oh, and I musn't forget to mention the maxi-bar - you'll know what I mean when you see it. The service, visit after visit, has been exceptional. I will miss them all very much when I finally get my own London flat!	
Jun 4 2005	Better than home!	I love hotels, and I spend a lot of time researching them whenever my husband and I travel to make sure that we stay in a place that enhances our experience of the location. However, invariably, at the end of any hotel stay, no matter how grand, I am always glad to return to the comfort of home. Not so with regard to the Parkes. It has been five days since we returned home from our stay at the Parkes in London, and as I sit at home after a busy day at work, I find myself wishing that I could return to the comfort of that place. My husband and I recently spent four nights at the Parkes on a special trip to London with our mothers. This was a special treat for both of them, and I spent a lot of time planning to make sure things were just right. I chose the Parkes because we had stayed in Beaufort Gardens at a different hotel on our last trip to London, and loved the location on this quiet, tree lined cul-du-sac in the middle of bustling Knightsbridge. Another factor in choosing the Parkes was the great packages they offered on Luxury Link for four nights in a junior suite, including breakfast each day, theatre tickets or airport transfers, champagne and flowers. I booked two of these packages for our moms and booked a superior one bedroom suite for my husband and me. I spent months corresponding with the staff by e-mail to make the theatre arrangements, airport transfers and other little details. They were always prompt, courteous and helpful in their responses to my e-mails.Parkes is a small townhouse hotel which consists of two houses converted into luxurious rooms, suites and comfortable public spaces. We arrived at the Parkes and were shown promptly to our rooms. As we arrived at each of our rooms, we were astonished by their beauty. My mother-in-law stayed in room 22 which was a magnificent junior suite with extremely high ceilings, opulent furnishings, crystal chandelier, floor to ceiling french doors looking out over the street and a lovely balcony with small dining table and chairs. I have never seen a more romantic, lovely room. My mother stayed in room 70 which was another junior suite with steps down to a posh bedchamber, high ceilings and its own special character. Our room, number 78, was beyond words. Two huge rooms on two different levels with huge living/dining room, small, but well appointed and terrifically modern kitchenette, and a beautiful bedroom.All rooms featured magnificent floor to ceiling marble-clad bathrooms with high quality fixtures, deep soaking tubs, heated floors, magnifying mirrors and the greatest rainshower I have ever experienced. Bathrooms were appointed with a huge selection of full sized Molton Brown toiletries. What a treat! The rooms also featured the largest and most well stocked minibar that I have ever seen, large, well lit wardrobes with ample closet and drawer space and furnishings and fabrics that were broken in just enough to feel comfortable and inviting without being shabby. All of the bed and bath linens were top of line and simply divine. The feather beds and duvets were so comfortable that it was hard to get up every morning.The hotel is small and intimate and has a wood paneled lounge with internet access and a lovely lower level breakfast room serving a wonderful continental or full English breakfast each morning. Despite its beautiful furnishings and surroundings, the biggest asset this hotel has to offer is its staff. I have never met a more hard working, pleasant, helpful and competent group of people in my life. They provided everything from restaurant recommendations, to sightseeing tour tickets to pleasant friendly conversation with the greatest ease and efficiency. Every request was was fulfilled instantly and by the time we left, each one of them knew us by name. The housekeeping was impeccable with twice daily maid service, yet, we never saw a housekeeper the whole time we were there. Since the hotel only has three to four rooms per floor, I think one housekeeper is assigned to a floor. They must keep track of everyone's comings and goings because everytime we left the room, even for an hour, everything was magically neat and straightened when we returned.I could go on and on about our stay at the Parkes, but I will sum up by saying that it really felt like a home away from home. There are many hotels that make this claim, but the Parkes truly delivers. For a magical stay in a magical city, try the Parkes. You won't be disappointed. It is worth every penny.	
May 9 2005	superb experience	My wife and I were guests at the Parkes Hotel for six nights at the end of April, and were most pleased with the experience. Our room was spacious and beautifully appointed; the heated marble bathroom floor was a special treat. We don't usually stay at small hotels, but based on our experience at the Parkes, we will likely do so whenever possible in the future. The staff, particularly Christine and Michael, with whom we had most contact, could not have been more gracious and accomodating.I highly recommend including the continental breakfast with your room reservation. The typical continental breakfast consists of fruit juice, pastry, and hot beverage. The Parkes goes well beyond that, including also cut fresh fruit, hot and cold cereals, yoghurt, breakfast meat, and cheeses; all of this for 10GBP. We found that we could easily do without a sit down lunch, having only a snack or two before dinner. The downstairs dining room for breakfast was lovely, and the service quite attentive. Be sure also to take advantage of the comfortable lounge, with books, several current newwpapers and magazines, and internet access; it's located to the right of the lift on the entrance level.The Parkes is located 3.5 blocks from the Knightsbridge tube station on the Piccadilly line; just travel past Harrods for two additional blocks on Brompton Road, turn left onto Beaufort Gardens, and the hotel is 50-60 yards down on the right. Be aware, however, that the last 30 or so steps up from the tube do not have an escalator, and getting your luggage up could be a problem. (It was fine for us). An alternative route in from LHR, although much more expensive, might be to take the Heathrow Express to Paddington, and then a taxi to the hotel.Thanks to TripAdvisor for introducing us to the Parkes.	
Apr 22 2005	Fabulous Hotel	My husband and I just returned from a five night stay at the Parkes and I think it was my best hotel experience ever! We had a junior suite that was spacious and beautifully decorated. The bed was very comfortable with great linens, and the bathroom was large with a great shower/tub. But, what really makes this a fabulous hotel is the staff. I have never felt so well looked after. Every person we came in contact with was incredibly friendly, helpful, and went out of their way to make our trip fun and stress-free. I don't know who is responsible for hiring these people, but we sure could use them in some hotels in the States! We recommend the Parkes whole-heartedly!	
Mar 26 2005	A great small hotel	We stayed at the Parkes in November 2004, and since the weather was freezing, we did not enjoy the sights of London as much as we liked the hotel. The staff was well above average, and the breakfast was great. Our room was a junior suite, and would love to have the bathroom in our house. If we return to London, it will not be in the winter, and we will stay at the Parkes again.	
Mar 17 2005	So lovely	We ended up with a fantastic deal on LastMinute for 4 nights at the Parkes in a suite. We ended up with a Junior Suite on the ground floor that was just perfect. Exceptionally high ceilings, huge comfortable bed, sitting area, wireless internet, television, the infamous gigantic mini-bar, a walk-in closet (indeed!) and a gorgeous bathroom modestly set apart from the rest of the room by a hallway - with the amazing shower and luxurious Molton Brown toiletries. All-in-all a perfectly laid out suite with plenty of room.That wasn't the only thing that made the Parkes special. Their service was perfect. They allowed us to check-in at 8:00 AM on our day of arrival (as there was a room ready). and from there after could not do enough for us. There is one gentleman in particular (if he reads this - the runner!) who was so good to us. Taxis, baggage, overly-picky requests, and restaurant recommendations. He couldn't be more friendly in offering his assistance.And of course the location - in Knightsbridge - perfect.There was just one very small drawback. We often like to have a bar in the hotel to mingle and have a nightcap (so to speak). There is no option for that here. But - as you well know - there are plenty to be had in the neighborhood.A really lovely and special place to stay in London.	
Jan 18 2005 	Best service 	Stayed here one night January 2005 in a deluxe double which was spacious and sumptuously furnished. The huge shower gives a great start to the morning , especially with the excellent selection of molton brown products. The staff were excellent, very friendly and helpful. The room service breakfast was good; if you want room service in the evening the hotel has an arrangement with some local restaurants who will deliver. There are no tea &amp; coffee making facilities in the room, which is a bit of a downer if you are a tea-drinking Brit like me. The location is great for shopping in Knightsbridge &amp; far enough away from the main road to enable a good night's sleep.	
Dec 9 2004	Superb!!	I have stayed at the Parkes on a number of occasions and now make it my first choice when staying over in London, the Staff are some of the most attentive, curtious I have ever encountered and nothing is to much for them. Highly recommended.	
Nov 13 2004	Charming Hotel	I enjoyed my stay at this boutique hotel from Oct 9 through the 15. The room was spacious and clean. The staff was pleasent and helpful.Breakfast was included, there is neither lunch or nor dinner served, nor is there a bar in the hotel.Of course there are plenty of places nearby, including Harrods.They have a PC with internet access that guests may use gratis. Because it is a small hotel, I had to wait for my room, they have a late check out time. I arrived at 10 AM and it wasn't ready until 1PM.I shall return to this hotel.	
Nov 12 2004	We'd recommend The Parkes' Hotel w/out hesitation!	We'd recommend The Parkes' Hotel w/out hesitation. Our room was spacious, beautifully decorated, great bed w/down comforters &amp; pillows, huge towels, &amp; the BIGGEST shower spray we've ever seen! Each member of the Reception &quot;Team&quot; &amp; the rest of the staff were charming and went out of their way to make reservations, theatre tickets, directions, etc...no request went unanswered! We cannot wait to return!!!	
Oct 22 2004	Superb	Stayed for one night at this hotel, excellent staff, very friendly reception, stayed in a one bed suite which was very comfortable. The biggest mini bar selection I have ever seen! Great location - you are 2 minutes walk from Harrods for shopping.	
Oct 14 2004	Excellent	We stayed in a one bedroom suite from a Friday through a Tuesday. It was at the back of the hotel on the fifth floor. View wasn't up to much but that doesn't matter. We were really happy with everything about the Parkes. London being London if you can get a good deal on the place you'll be happier -- or at least not quite as poor -- but the Parkes was really lovely. It is well maintained in all areas, both rooms and public rooms. The staff were extremely helpful and accomodating and really friendly without being in your face. We arrived early and they kept the bags stored for us and offered us tea, as the room was obviously not ready given the time we arrived. They also held the bags for us after we checked out on the last day but went out before departing London by train. They confirmed reservations at restaurants for us without complaint and very quickly. Shoes were polished gratis overnight. This hotel has service down to a pat, but in a low key, relaxed way. I get itchy staying in a hotel where I'm convinced the staff knows more about etiquette than I do. The only feeling I got from the folks at the Parkes is that they were happy to do whatever they could to make the stay enjoyable, worth the money, and efficient. The food in the breakfast room was excellent. The wait staff was great and it never took long for your hot food to arrive. The suite had the largest, most comprehensive mini bar I have ever seen... if you drank your way through everything in that you'd need to fly to Betty Ford instead of home. Very good storage space for your things. Lovely linens on the beds. I really liked that the toiletries came in big bottles... less waste of plastic, though I imagine you'd be charged if you helped yourself to it when packing up! The only downsides -- and I cannot stress highly enough how minor this is -- is that the bedroom in the one room suite was small... it held a Queen sized bed and there was only room to basically walk round any of the three sides of the bed. We did a fair amount of dressing in the living room of the suite! But the lighting was lovely... overhead holgens, over headboard halogens, and two bedside lamps that you could dim. The other thing is that in the morning you could hear the floor creaking above you as the people in the next rooms up got up for the day. I suspect the people below us thought the same thing -- if they were late sleepers! But that's not the hotel's fault... it is a very old building. I should stress that was about the only noise that we noticed. The street is entirely quiet for all that it is right off Brompton Road. The Parkes is fantastically sited to the Knightsbridge Tube... there are lots of restaurants and shops in the area and as well the kitchenette in the suite -- discreetly hidden behind closet doors -- has ample storage and fridge space, and a microwave. If you wanted a save a few pounds (and therefor a few hundred Canadian, and US for that matter, given the exchange rates at present!) you could easily stock up for yourself. All in all I was enormously satisfied with my stay at the Parkes Hotel and can say this with complete confidence: it is a lovely little hotel, extremely well run, excellent location. If you book it at a price you can afford I believe you will be enormously pleased with your decision.	
Jun 1 2004	Simply Perfect!		
May 22 2004	A Proper Hotel		
May 14 2004	We loved this place!		
Apr 25 2004	Great Service lovely rooms		
Mar 23 2004	Big luxurious rooms		
Feb 10 2004	Wonderful Hotel Wonderful Value		
Jan 25 2004	Wonderful Oasis in Knightsbridge		
Jan 5 2004	Wonderful hotel beautiful room		
Dec 12 2003	Wonderful experience at The Parkes		
Oct 7 2003	GREAT value in luxury		
Jul 5 2008 	Assolutamente sconsigliato!		
Mar 29 2008	Magnifico!		
Oct 17 2007	inimmaginabile hotel....una reggia!		
Apr 30 2007 	Grande albergo		
Apr 14 2006	Que du bonheur !!		
