Oct 26 2009 	Very Good Choice	Had a great stay here. Arrived at hotel at 8:00am after long flight from Australia. We were given a room straight away and offered breakfast as well - no problems!!. The rooms were typical London but clean and fresh as well as very good value. Great location and overall this is a good choice for a few nights and I would recommend to anyone.	
Oct 15 2009 	Neat!	I read the previous reviews before I booked this hotel, and I can only agree that this is a really fresh, neat and tidy tourist class hotel! The rooms are very spacious with light colours and modern furnitures. The bathrooms small but fully tiled, feels newly refurbished, and contains everything you need. We stayed in a triple room, and there was a small &quot;hallway&quot; where the bathroom is, so it was separated from the bedroom in a nice way. The breakfast room is rather small, but light and modern, and the breakfast is a traditonal continental. Location is excellent, right in between 4 Tube stops; Paddington, Lancaster Gate, Queensway and Bayswater, with just a few minutes walking distance to each of them.(The only drawback was the boring view towards a backyard, but it´s almost always like that in the old Victorian houses in London. )	
Oct 8 2009 	Clean quiet and bigger than expected.	I stayed at Caring Hotel in the Bayswater area of London for one week on vacation. I am always looking for a bargain hotel but I am pretty picky about cleanliness. I must say that I thought Caring hotel was great! The room was on the first floor, which in England means the second floor. We initially chose Caring because we needed accomodations for three people in one room and most of the hotel chains that I was familiar with could only accomodate two to a room. Our room was clean and the in-room bathroom appeared to be recently remodeled. There was also a bathroom just across the hall that was never occupied and very clean. Our room was cleaned daily by housekeeping and always to my satisfaction. The staff was friendly and very helpful with directions and tips on how to use the bus system. It was only a short walk to the Paddington underground stations (I think this is the best line to be on becuase of easy access to everything) or the Queensway Underground stations and the bus stops. I flew out of Gatwick and was able to catch a bus directly to the Victoria Station to catch the Gatwick Express and it was very easy even with my luggage. The continental breakfast did lack a little but it was enough to get the day started and it was included in the cost of the room. This was my third visit to London and by far the best and biggest budget room I have had. My biggest complaint is that the shower water could have been hotter because it seemed to be set on a specific temperature and couldn't be made any warmer. I found myself letting the shower run for quite a while waiting for it to warm up and even flushing the toilet to give it a boost. Other than that, it was a very pleasant surprise for such a bargain. We also had a problem with our television and lights not working at one point but the staff was very quick to fix that problem. I will definately stay here again!	
Sep 21 2009 	GREAT HOTEL GREAT PRICE GREAT NEIGHBORHOOD GREAT LOCATION!	My husband and I stayed for two nites in September in the Caring Hotel. Webooked this hotel based on the great ratings on TripAdvisor.com and anotherfriend's suggestion of that area. It's a 5 minute walk from the Queensway Tubestation and 3 minute walk to Hyde Park/Kennsington Park. About a 10 minute walkfrom Paddington area. We payed 54 british pounds a nite which is equivilant toapproximately $90 US Dollars. The hotel was a great deal considering theprestigious area it was located in and the aformentioned nearby amenities. Thestaff were excellent and friendly. We asked them for more pillows which theyimmediately got and also my husband had a sore throat and asked for salt togargle and the staff raced to the kitchen to retrieve that as well. It's a 4minute walk to a nice pub called Black Lion, and just a little futher to thelocal Starbucks. The rooms weren't as small as I'd expected from reading theother reviews, just appropriate given the price point. Our bathroom had a tuband shower and there was a small flat screen TV near the bed. We were in room12 which is above the lobby and thus abated any potential noise from a lowerroom. They served breakfast but we went out for starbucks coffee both days.All in all this is an excellent hotel and a great deal. There was also a 'hopon hop off' bus tour stop a minute walk away as well.	
Sep 21 2009 	Respect for the customer	We stayed at Caring for six nights with a three day break in between.Caring is one of the hotels I would love to stay again in my next trip to London.I've been in this city five times in hotels around earl's court or Victoria,most of them more expensive than Caring but not up to the standard of Caring.Rooms were very very clean,new towels every day,close to everything,breakfast also very good,a total satisfaction.Someone can spend a fortune staying in luxury hotels in London,for us a hotel is only to sleep and if it's clean and not far from the city it's fine.At last a hotel with good price in London and also repsect for the customer.One minus is some other customers do not realise that it's not their home and shout in the middle of the night waking other peopole up..	
Sep 14 2009 	It really was a good value	I made the mistake of getting a room without an ensuite toilet. If I had paid attention and gotten one, it would have been pretty close to perfect for me. The room was not huge, but by no means too small. It did have its own shower that worked just fine. The room was very clean and modern, and had a kettle for making tea and what-have-you. The staff were extremely professional and helpful.The location was quite close to 2 tube stops, as well as Paddington train station which proved to be extremely convenient, since the express train to Heathrow runs between the airport and Paddington. Moreover, the Paddington station has some restaurants and a small grocery store for necessities. Upon arrival, I was able to pick up some stuff at the drug store and get a pay-as-you go phone. The hotel is also near Kensington Gardens/Hyde Park, and a bit of a walk will get you to Knightsbridge as well which is neat. One thing I will say about the area that was odd; most of the surrounding buildings were hotels though they looked to be converted mansions. As a result, most every place near by plied tourist business. I was thankful however for a minimart that was open late and served samosas---crucial for when the pub closes. There was a bit of street noise, but it wasn't keeping me up too bad. Walls weren't the thickest either, but the noise was not too much of a problem.The breakfast was no frills; coffee, cereal, juice, and toast. The hotel did lack an elevator, which posed no problem as a passably in-shape adult. However, I could easily imagine the very young or the elderly not really enjoying having to climb stairs.Overall, the Hotel Caring offers compelling value in a convenient location, and I would highly recommend it. I would definitely consider returning here.	
Aug 26 2009 	Good value for money	Stayed at the Caring Hotel for 2 nights a couple of weeks ago. The hotel is a good base to see London, though the underground is a good 5 minute walk away. The room was small but definitely clean. The staff was very helpful and the breakfast is good, though it's a continental breakfast and not an English breakfast, as it did say on our booking. There was no AC present in the room, so we had to open a window to cool down. Unfortunately, there was construction in front of the hotel, so it became very noisy. Also, we were awoken by construction workers very early on Saturday. I know the hotel can't do anything about that, but I still wanted to mention it. If I would worked at a hotel, I would at least have apologized for the inconvenience. All in all good value for money. If you're on a budget I definitely would recommend this hotel.	
Aug 22 2009 	Super hotel as a Base to see London	Having read the blogs from other Hotel users here, I was quite surprised to find that the rooms weren't too small after all. The Hotel is only a few minutes from Hyde park and 5 minutes walk to the tube. The rooms seemed freshly renovated and during our stay the final touches were being added to the reception. We were a bit disappointed that the Hotel no longer does an English breakfast but got a 5% rebate on the bill because of it. There's so much to see in London and it's easy to get around with the public transport. We found the best method was to see a couple of things in the morning/midday and armed with coffee to go and a muffin from starbucks then go to one of the many parks, relax and put your feet up for an hour or two before we set off for the next attraction.	
Aug 16 2009 	Wonderful stay!!	We were very impressed with this hotel and would highly recommend it! I am a travel agent and know that you get what you pay for- but this hotel is great value for money. Location: Great location, close enough to tube stations. The area is very lovely, it seems very classy and upmarket. Rooms: Modern with enough room to move around with a few suitcases. Nice new flat screen tv. We shared a bathroom but still had a sink in the room which was handy. The only complaint I would have about the room would be the size of the beds. My boyfriend and I are pretty tall so we felt squished in the bed- but we still managed. Shared bathroom: Very nice!! Only once did I have to wait for someone to get out of the shower. Our bathroom was updated, so it was very modern and was cleaned daily. Service: Everyone was very friendly. There is always someone at the front office to help you out. The breakfast ladies are also very nice. Breakfast: Was great! Selection of cereals, juices, tea, coffee and fruit. If you do like your meats you won't get that at this hotel, but this didn't bother us at all. Other notes: Like most hotels around Europe there is no elevator so you do have to take your luggage up the stairs- this was our last hotel out of 5 around Europe so by this point this was a normal thing to do. They were doing renovations in the front lobby, but they never started them until about 11am, so on most days we were usually out exploring. I would love to see it when they have completed them- they have done a wonderful job at updating the rest of the hotel. All in all Hotel Caring was a great place to stay in London!! I would stay here again with no hesitation!	
Aug 9 2009 	Good value good location	We chose the Caring Hotel because we had an overnight stay in London and wanted to be near Paddington Station, where the airport train arrives. It was a short walk, maybe 5 blocks. The hotel was clean and the staff was helpful. Our room was small and basic, but for the price it was a good deal. We splurged and got an ensuite room - I was pleased that there was a bathtub. No complaints at all.	
Jul 31 2009 	Good location fairly affordable nothing special. Would stay again if on a tight budget.	I chose the Caring because of its Top Value status here. Location was important, as it's a short walk from Paddington. I booked a twin room with ensuite bathroom for £76 (continental breakfast included).The room was quite average: not big or small, and clean enough. The shower had good water pressure, and the tv was a new Samsung flatscreen with tens of channels. The second bed was a foldaway which would have ensured a sore back so we ended up sharing the double bed, which was quite comfortable. The bedding was typical English wool blankets covered with a sheet too small to keep the wool from touching you. ;) The room was quiet enough because there were no noisy guests in the adjacent rooms.The service was efficient yet a bit quirky (because of the girl at the reception with a strong East European accent; she gave us all the information regarding our stay starting with &quot;I have more bad news for you&quot; - these bad news were that the breakfast doesn't contain bacon, sausages or pork, there is no lift and our room is on the 4th (more like 6th according to our counting) floor, and that the room wasn't ready yet). We didn't mind any of this so it was actually quite endearing.All in all, a nice enough stay, and a good value by London standards. Recommended in this category.	
Jul 28 2009 	Great location great huge bathtub B and B	Quiet street in Queensway area, where there are tons of great restaurants and near several Tube and train stations. Nice breakfast in the morning. Charming rooms with very good rates.	
Jul 26 2009 	Recommended excellent value	Not luxurious by any means, but for the price it must be hard to beat. It has all the basics you'd want from a hotel. I had an excellent stay there. Good location, just north of Kensington Gardens and a 10-minute walk from Queensway underground station.	
Jul 21 2009 	Very Nice Hotel	We stayed at Caring Hotel and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The hotel is clean, newly renovated and the staff are helpful. Location was very important to me so here is information on that:Location Good News - The hotel is in a nice neighborhood on a pretty (almost picturesque) and very quiet street. It is centrally located between Paddington train station and Queensway tube station - both are a ten minute walk. The Queensway area is a shabby-chic multi ethnic area - tons of good affordable restaurants. Paddington is a typical train station neighborhood with inexpensive restaurants and trinket stores. If you are arriving from Heathrow the express train goes directly to Paddington - which is nice. Also if you are planning any excursions involving trains, it is nice to be close to Paddington.Location Bad News - The 10 minute walk from the tube station can be pretty long after a busy day. The hotel is not centrally located to all the main attractions for London. There is not a lot of night life for younger travelers.I looked pretty hard for a hotel that was reasonably priced and centrally located. Unless you can get closer to central London, this is a great option. I think for the price it would be hard to beat.	
Jul 20 2009 	Great Deal (Good location nice staff)	We spent 3 nights there from July 11th till July 14th 2009.The hotel is under renovation and the last day, it was difficult to access the lobby. We have no reason to complain about the noise of the workers as they work during the day (not before 9AM) but if you like to sleep a lot in the morning, it is something you should consider and check directly with the hotel if renovation is over.This hotel was really clean (room 15), with a private renovated bathroom with toilet and bathtub. There is a small flat TV, a water heater with coffee &amp; tea. We had 2 towels but no soap/shampoo.Breakfast from 7h30 till 9h00 during week days and from 8h00 till 9h15 on Sunday.Breakfast is continental with toasts + English bread/muffin + cereals + juices + eggs &amp; cheese. Nothing to complain about but nothing exceptional either. We really enjoyed our stay for the price we payed. The location was really convenient at about 5 minutes to Queensway (central line) and bus stop 94-390 and 6 minutes to Bayswater (circle line - direct to St pancras station for Eurostar trains to Paris).On the last day, you can leave your luggage for £2 per item (but the (really friendly) lady at the desk charged us £5 for 2 big bags and 2 small bags instead of £8)The only Cons for me:I read on other reviews that the wall are thin and it is indeed true but not a deal breaker. I was a little afraid as I once stayed in a hotel where I could hear my neighbor snore. This is not the case here, we could only hear our neighbors when they talk loud.Conclusion: I will stay again in this hotel, this is not a 5* but it costs 5 times less too !Loris	
Jul 18 2009 	Spacious Room close to hyde park	Hotel is 10min walk from nearest underground stop. Hyde park/kensington gardens is 5 min walk. We had a Large room, had single double and fold out bed although there was just the 2 of us. Bathroom tiny though. Breakfast was just continental, enough to get you started for the day. Overall stay was fine.	
Jul 13 2009	A great hotel	I stayed in the hotel with my girl friend for 2 nights after i left a hotel in marbel arch area.the staff is excellent and friendley and willing to help.the room i stayed in was new , big and very clean.the area is very peacefull and queensway tube station is a 7 min walk away,the price is good 74 pound and even if u pay a little more its worth it.	
Jul 9 2009 	Good value! will come back again!	Booked a single room with ensuite for just 54 pounds a night. Like what others say , the room is clean, modern and space efficient . Location is convienient as the hotel is served by 3 different tube station. It is also near to many resturants , pubs and cafes. You can also access Kensington Park easily as well.Breakfast is quite basic but adequate for me . Another bonus is there is free wifi , unlike other hotels where you have to pay for it. Staff are also friendly and helpful.Overall , lovely hotel for a good price. Will choose Caring Hotel again !	
Jul 7 2009 	Caring Hotel London	This hotel was excellent. It was situation near two tube stations and a short walk from Paddington main train station. It was also just a stroll from Hyde Park. We were able to stroll from the hotel to the Royal Albert Hall, The National History Museum, Science Museum, The Victoria and Albert Museum and Harrods and I am not a great walker. The hotel was in a very quiet, pleasant area. There was lots of local shops, restaurants and an Odeon Cinema. The hotel was going through some modernisation at the minute but nothing disturbed us in any way. The staff were excellent and more than helpful. Our room was excellent. I have MS and I enquired about a low floor as i had booked a room with two single beds and a shared bathroom, just to keep costs down (silly me as an en suite I believe is a must). Anyway I enquired with the hotel about a lower floor and there was not one available. When we arrived, Allen, the assistant manager, had very kindly upgraded up to a basement room (which was excellent), which had a double bed, two single beds and a newly fitted en suite, at no extra charge. I must point out that he did also mention that this was in exceptional circumstances, but I was delighted and thought that for a hotel in London to do something like that, I was very impressed. You were greeted warmly in entering and leaving the hotel and nothing was too much trouble. I will definitely be recommending this hotel to everyone. Although the upgrade was a one-off, I would still book the hotel again. The prices are more than reasonable for London and it is situated in an excellent area and safe area, even coming back from the West End shows after eleven at night, we still felt safe. The breakfast room has been modernised and there is a continental breakfast every morning with all the usual UK cereals in little boxes, boiled eggs, croissants, cheeses, tea and toast etc. Anyway I think you would be bored with bacon and eggs every day and we didn't miss it. So book this hotel, you won't be disappointed. We stayed a week and we had a brilliant time.	
Jun 18 2009 	Good budget hotel in nice area	Stayed only 1 night at this hotel. Booked it as I thought it was near Paddington Station but it's actually a 10 mins walk. So not as convenient as I would like it to be. But it's a nice district with very fancy neighbours. Hence's it's surprisingly to find a budget hotel in this area. The room is very clean. I got a double room with a shared bathroom. The bathroom is very clean as well and it's mostly available. Only had to queue once for it. Free wi-fi in the room too. The staff is incredibly friendly and helpful. Note to those who are driving, do not park your car immediately outside the hotel. It's reserved for residents but you can park in the adjacent road but it might be difficult to find a lot.	
Jun 17 2009 	Great CLEAN Budget Hotel but...	...VERY THIN walls! My husband and I stayed at Caring Hotel for 4 nights in room 15 (superior ensuite; double with private bathroom) and I've listed below the Pros/Cons:PROS: Clean, Affordable (£72/night thru Venere with 4% disc), near Paddington tube/train station for Heathrow Connect (10-15mins walk), near the Bayswater and Queensway tube stations (former is slightly closer), friendly/helpful staff and decent size room (for London), and our bathroom was newly renovated.CONS: the walls are thin (we could hear our neighbours in room 14 when they were having talking...and they weren't yelling/shouting...we could even hear when they shut their curtains!!! We didn't feel comfortable talking after 11pm, so had to whisper so we didn't bother/wake up our neighbours. Also can hear other guests when walking down the stairs in the hallway) and the bathroom was not meant for anyone over 6ft. My husband had to duck each time he had to go thru the bathroom doorway and had to hunch over when taking a shower. I'm barely over 5ft and I was able to easily touch the ceiling when I was taking a shower (palms in full contact)! Having said this, we didn't ask for another room, my husband was too lazy to change our room and was willing to suck it up for 4 nights.We lucked out that our room was ready for us when we got there at 9am so managed to check-in right away (instead of having to store our luggage and later coming back to check-in at 11am)!I can't really comment on the breakfast as we only went down once and there wasn't much food left (at the time we didn't realize that they were closing; we were 10mins late), but the staff didn't say anything and still served us. Much appreciated! :o) I also can't comment on WIFI since we didn't bring our laptop with us.When we were there it was pretty cold (14 - 18°C) so kept the windows closed. I noticed there weren't any window screens, so I don't know how it would be in the summer time if any mosquitoes would come in with the windows open (since the hotel doesn't have any AC)?? This may not be an important factor for most people, but after I stayed in a hotel in Florence, Italy with no AC and no window screens and woke up with 20+ mosquito bites the next morning this is a huge consideration for me!Overall we would still recommend this hotel to friends and family but would advise them about the thin walls and ceiling height.	
Jun 15 2009 	very comfy good budget hotel	Hotel with a good sized room (#43). I was in a double bed room with shower, but shared toilet (there were 2 on the floor i was on). The room was comfy and clean although it was on the 4th floor which was a pretty far trek each night to go up on the steep stairs. Only wifi in the lobby and 2nd floor, could have used a hair dryer in the room, and the shower's drainage was a little slow, so water would build up. The breakfast included was really just toast, cereal, juice and a few other small things.... i ended up going to some nearby restaurants for an english breakfast most of the time. Staff was friendly and helpful.There are a few metro stations nearby, but all are around a 7 min walk away from the hotel. the area seemed pretty quiet and safe, and there are a few stores nearby you can pick up things from. I also liked the fact that the paddington rail station was nearby...so it made heading out of town for day trips and going to the airport super easy. The underground stations also give you quite a lot of flexibility on how you can get to your destinations. All in all, I picked it because it was a clean well reviewed budget hotel. With that in mind, it is an excellent choice.	
Jun 7 2009 	The BEST budget friendly hotel in London	We stayed for 4 nights at the Caring. I booked via email and always received a response within the hour, they were also happy to allow me to pre-pay the tariff (which I always prefer to do).When we arrived there was champangne &amp; roses in the room that my sisters (who was travelling with me) husband had arranged. No big deal right??? no....the person at reception actually went out to the shop &amp; bought them himself (rather than ordering them in) to leave in the room as this is not usually a service they provide.I won't lie....the room was small (twin share with share bath)....but then you don't come to London to sit in your room!!! They were refurbished, with comfortable beds &amp; daily housekeeping services. We had to take a room with shared bathroom as none with ensuite were avail, we only shared the brand new &amp; immaculately clean bathroom with 2 other rooms - which is good by london standards. The included breakfast was great &amp; the dining room again is newly renovated &amp; very clean. There are heaps of restaurants in the area, internet cafe &amp; convenience shop across the road, tube is a 5-6 minute walk - but the hotel is located in a very quiet , safe(&amp; somewhat exclusive) street.I have stayed in many different hotels in London, but I will now not stay anywhere else but the Caring. Thanks to all the staff on a job very well done!!	
May 20 2009 	Great value budget hotel	Very friendly, helpful staff. I had basic room but it was obviously newly referbished and the shared bathroom, although very small, was clean and modern. Hotel is in a good location. The only thing I wasn't keen on was the breakfast room in the basement. I would be happy to stay there again when in London.	
May 16 2009 	Great Staff. Closer to Queensway not Paddington	I just stayed one night at Caring Hotel in mid May during my two-week Europe holiday trip. The staff there are very helpful. I was told that breakfast served from 7:30am to 9:30am but when I went down at 9:10am, the staff told me that breakfast finished at 9am. One of the staff saw me very upset so she found me some coffee, bread and cheese and offered me to sit down in the breakfast room to enjoy my meal. I appreciated this lady very much.About my room, they upgraded me to a bigger room but it was one of the &quot;old&quot; rooms. It looks old and dirty and deifinitely needs to do some renovation works.The hotel does not have a lift and is a bit far away from Paddington station. In fact, it is much closer to Queensway. I sweated and was exhausted after dragging my lugguage (less than 20 Kg - weighted in the airport) to / from the hotel from / to Paddington station. The only good things are you do not need to move your lugguage up and down the stairs in the station and on the way to the hotel.	
Apr 25 2009 	New room good location and clean.	Only stayed one night and the workman were in during the day. Having said that the room was clearly only just finished with new bathroom and tv. There was free internet and a decent breakfast included. The location is close to Paddington which is ideal, and there are lots of local restuarants close by. A very enjoyable stay!	
Apr 2 2009 	Great Stay - Clean and Super Service!	Spent a week here during the end of March. Was impressed by its ranking on TripAdvisor and I can see why. There were three of us and we were impressed w/ the cleanliness and service of the hotel. Our room was ensuite and it was an actual bath tub and shower which beats the slender shower you often see.Its location is excellent - definitely print out a map before you head out as the street layout is a bit confusing. There are great pubs nearby (Leinster Arms and Prince Alfred each do not mind kids) and you can check out nearby Hyde Park or take the tube to the tourist sites. It was pretty much equidistant from Queensway and Lancaster Gate (about 7-8 minute walk) and tack another minute if you need Paddington or Bayswater.The staff were very helpful - only difficulty might be if you have problems w/ stairs. The breakfast was very simple, but that is because they are working on the basement where they'll be able to go back to the cooked breakfasts.We paid 88 pounds per night and w/ the exchange rate in our favor it was a heck of a bargain. It is not fancy by any means, but if you want a quiet, clean, fair-priced room this place will not let you down.	
Mar 18 2009 	Great place to stay...	Very clean and nice staff. There where always available to help. Very close to tube and hyde park.I will most certainly recommend this hotel to my friends and I will stay there again.	
Mar 17 2009 	location and helpful staff	My 18 year old son and I stayed at the Caring in March. The staff were helpful and especially accomodating storing our rented bicycles inside for us. Our room, room 10 faced an inner courtyard and had a flat screen TV, twin beds and a brand new bathroom with tub and shower. My son enjoyed the free WiFi.They are undergoing a small renovation of the main floor, but that did not effect our enjoyment. They do not offer a full English breakfast during the winter months (go figure?). The Continental breakfast was very plain and the breakfast room was tiny. All was a minor inconvenience when you consider that you are steps to the tube, Kensington Gardens, Notting Hill and a short hike to Regent Street shopping. The neighbourhood is pleasant with many hotels and small shops.	
Mar 5 2009 	Basic Central Hotel	Stayed here for 2 nights so that we could easily reach central london. Was easy to get to Oxford Street, could be done by tube but we liked the walk along the edge of Hyde Park. Hotel was clean, room was a good size with tea, coffee &amp; a tv. Our main issue was the breakfast which was extremely basic &amp; the staff at breakfast weren't particularly friendly! That said the people working on the reception were always friendly &amp; helpful. We didn't have an en suite room but are pretty sure we were only sharing a bathroom with one other person, we never had to wait to use it &amp; it was always clean. The hotel is probarbly priced about right for the location but we would have been happier paying what we paid if breakfast had been good!!	
Mar 3 2009 	A great budget hotel in London!	We just stayed at Caring hotel for 5 nights and we are overall very satisfied what we get. The rooms are recently refurbised so the standard in the room is far better than other hotel at the same price level. We had both room with private bathroom and only private shower, but it's no problem to have shared toilet. The toilet is clean and we only had to share the toilet with two other rooms. The shower worked properly and we never had problem with cold water. The staff was friendly and we also had continental breakfast instead of English b. Only two small minus with the hotel: 1. The walls must be very thin and the sound was carried very easily between the rooms. 2. We must paid a fee to let luggages at the hotel on departing day (£1 for small bag and £2 for big suicase). I had never have to pay for that.... Overall, the most important thing is that the room was very clean and Next time we go to London we will definitely book that hotel again!	
Feb 6 2009 	Short Stay Perfection	The hotel is excellent value. We had an on suite room and it had been refurbished. It was clean and quiet. The breakfast was continental as the kitchen is being refurbished. Location is just five minutes walk to the Tube.The staff are most helpful and thoughtful. Only negative is that we could not rely on the early morning call arrangements.Even so we would happily stay there again when we visit on a short break.	
Jan 17 2009 	Best value Ive found in London	This hotel represents good, basic, value for money. For £50 for a double room in a decent location in London I was apprehensive as to what we would find. However, the rooms were a good size (for London) Spotlessly clean, and the service was friendly and efficient. Stayed in a room without bathroom but the shared bathroom was equally spotless. Will be using this hotel again soon.	
Dec 9 2008 	Just what we expected	We chose this hotel after reading the reviews and crossed our fingers, hoping that we made the right choice...We certainly did, the room was pretty spacious to put our 3 suitcases and had basic facilities, just like we expected. The breakfast was good too..good English breakfast in a nice setting at the basement.All in all, I'd recommend this place. Its just less than 10 minutes walk from Lancaster Gate tube..however we found the area too quiet for our liking as walking back late at night proves a little eerie.	
Nov 12 2008 	Fantastic value for money - great location.	Stayed at Caring Hotel near Paddington for one night in a twin with no bathroom. The location of the hotel is great, about 5/10 min walk from Paddington and 5 mins from several other tube stops. The hotel was very clean, furniture in room seemed v.new and the room was surprizingly large. Although we had a room with out bathroom, the bathroom was right next to our room and again it was clean and hygienic. I have stayed in many budget hotels in London including an Easy hotel, and this has been by far the best value for money I have found. I didn't have breakfast so can't coment on that, but for £26 per person for central London it was fantastic. I would happily stay again with friends, and would take a partner but would probaby book a room with bathroom for that. It is by no means luxurious, but is basic, clean and has everything you need for a couple of night stop in central London.	
Oct 23 2008 	Didn't realize it at the time	My husband and I used frequent flyer miles to get us to Ireland for a visit with family and had to fly through Heathrow to do so. Decided to spend at least an afternoon in London.Booked hotel through venere.com and didn't realize from website that all rooms here have single beds. My husband and I were very pleased with the size and general comfort of our room and en suite bathroom but we were surprised by the lack of a queen bed in the room (or even full bed). The two beds were quite small and while we pushed them together, it would have been nice to know this is advance.It could also be an English - American language thing -- double room for me indicates 2 people not double beds.anyway, I was told that this hotel doesn't have rooms with anything but single beds. nice location - neighborhood and not bad walk to/from Paddington Station -- we maximized our time and took Heathrow Express. Worked well.	
Sep 18 2008 	the other side of the story...	Almost everyone writes excellent comments about this hotel. I fully agree but I also wish to share the other side of the story about this hotel with the readers too. I booked for a room with bath &amp; toilet attached but was disppointed that the shower broke down and was not fixed for 2 days. Having to travel up &amp; down the staircase to the bathroom was really inconvenient for me. Also after a 20 hour-door-to-door travelling I didn't really want to face such a situation. To make matters worse, when I came back (tired) on my 2nd night) one Receptionist wasn't too pleased when I asked if my shower was fixed or not. She perhaps thought I was scolding her. I was tired and certainly asked her in a tired manner. All she had to do was just replied politely. The breakfast which was excellent, with several types of cereals, eggs, bacon strips, sausages etc. But to have the same food for seven mornings was quite boring for me. Wished the hotel could offer room rates without breakfast too. Also, to sit and listen to unpleasant conversations from the hotel’s regular/long stay guests at breakfast each morning wasn’t a pleasant way to start off a morning for me either. Anyway, all in all it had been a pleasant stay for me. Most staff were polite and some even went out of their way to help. I really appreciate it. I also appreciate the reasonable room rates offered. But, I guess 2-3 nights stay at Caring Hotel would be nice for me, not more than that.	
Sep 12 2008 	Saved my life	Bolted in here after an unsatisfactory stay elsewhere. Friendly and helpful reception staff. Basic accomadation but clean, reasonable sized room, en-suite and adequate cooked breakfast served promptly. £52 for a night, single room. Probably amongst the best value for money hotels in London if you are ok with basic , clean , en-suite B&amp;B. Some cheaper, non en-suite options were available if you don't mind shared facilities.	
Aug 27 2008	A "caring" hotel with a caring staff	We came from Romania. We stayed for 5 nights, didn't really know what to expect but were very pleasantly surprised that all went so well! the reception desk staff were ALL very nice at ALL times, helpful with information, etc...the breakfast was good, the whole hotel is nicely redecorated, bathrooms are very close to the rooms and a pleasure to be used. the only down side was that there was no lift, and for the people who stay on the fourth floor, it can be a drag. (Listen to the band Foreign Humor) the hotel is almost across from Hyde Park and Queensway tube station is pretty close.	
Aug 11 2008	Good Value typical london hotel	we stayed in this hotel for 3 nights while visiting london. It is very close to Hyde park, and a fiarly busy street with restaurants and fast food places. A few touristy shop. It is a short walk from paddington stations, but you do have to lug your luggage up a slight hill. Nothing too traumatic. There is no lift/elevator in the hotel, so be prepared to carry your bags up the stairs. Breakfast is included in the price, ou go downstairs and tell them that you would like breakfast and they cook it while your waiting, they have cereal, juices and coffee ( be aware though, there is NO aircon in the rooms or the breakfast room, and the juices are room temperature) they bring out some toast, and then each plate has 2 strips of bacon, two eggs, and a sausage. Over all this is a decent hotel for price in london, and the cleanliness is ho-hum, but it is decent nonetheless. I would recommend this for budget traveling.	
Aug 5 2008	Great Hotel Great Location	We stayed at the Caring Hotel for 6 nights (2 adults and 1 child). It is a wonderful location. It was very close to Paddington station (and other stations) - which was nice when we are carrying a lot of luggage. It is a quick walk to Hyde Park and a nice shopping area that has lots of activity. The hotel street is very quiet and pleasant.Front desk staff was very polite and helpful, as was all the other staff we encountered. Our room was on the first floor - facing the street, right next to the front desk. It was a nice sized room - with a large bathroom. It was very clean. The furnishings were a bit dated, but they were in good condition and added to the charm of the hotel. The only negative with the room was it's location - it was loud at times with people coming and going in the front door. Other than that, the room was great.The breakfast was fantastic as well. The food was good - it was nice to eat with other guests and meet other travelers. You can't beat the price and the location. We would stay here again without a doubt!!!	
Jul 23 2008 	Best value for money	Stayed in the Hotel for 4 nights in July.Found it from TripAdvisor, compared rating of a hotel and room prices. It was the best value for money for London.Situated near Hyde Park, 5-7 minutes from Bayswates and Queensway stations and 10 minutes from Paddington. From Heathrow we used underground (about 1 hour, 3.5 pounds) or you can travel to Paddington by train (15-30 minutes, 7-23 pounds).The hotel is nice decorated but it is now being refurbished, so on the second and third floor you can see workers and all the attributes of the repairs. We lived in the forth floor, where everything was done. The only negative thing about the hotel is a steep ladder. With our heavy luggage spent about 10 minutes to &quot;climb&quot;. But otherwise OK.Stayed in a twin room with bathroom. Quite a big room with 2 beds, a wardrobe, 22&quot; TV-set and a small bathroom. Everything you need for comfortable budget staying! :)Receptionists were friendly and helped with everything we applied for. In the first day we even had Russian-speaking receptionist (what a surprise!), so nothing to worry about at all.Tasty English breakfast was included (another very nice thing about this hotel), so had energy for long trips.Payed at last day and put our luggage in a special room (cost 3 pounds for 2 big suitcases).So, overall expression is very good. One of the best budget hotels in London!	
Jun 17 2008 	You get what you give	The decoration is like from the 60s, the floor really makes some noise, it only has stairs, but my stay there really paid off. The double room w/shower is not that small and I found it very nice and clean. The neighbourhood is great for more quiet, contemplative travellers. Taking a walk around Hyde Park after eating an english breakfast at the hotel really shows a peaceful and priceless side of that huge city. All that just 10, 15 minutes by bus from Oxford Circus.	
Jun 11 2008 	Great location and value	The location of the hotel was great about 10 mins from the subway station and right by hyde park. The room was average size as was the bathroom but both were really clean. I shared the bathroom with two other rooms but I never saw the other people so it worked out great. The breakfast is pretty good better than average only because you can have eggs, bacon and sausage.Overall this hotel was great as was the price	
May 23 2008 	Great value	Stayed for 6 nights in a &quot;Superior room&quot;. The room was large and newly refurbished, very clean and lovely beds, also with 26&quot; flatscreen-tv and coffemaker. Very quiet room facing the rear. Tiny bathrooms but everything was new and clean. Very friendly staff indeed, and lovely breakfast. Check-in from noon is a plus.The location is perfect for sightseeing in London. No less than 3 tube-stations just minutes away, and 2 minutes to Hyde Park.Very recommended, and will come back again.	
May 2 2008	cheap rates but very noisy	this hotel is currently undergoing renovations, so may improve when renovations completed. I chose this hotel because it appeared to be located on a quiet side street and because of the proximity to Paddington Station. our room was located on the 3rd floor in the front of the hotel, and was very noisy both from noise outside the hotel, as well as the room above us and adjacent rooms ( due to very thin walls) The floor boards creaked loudly overhead as people were moving about at 5 A.M....very annoying as this lasted over 30 minutes. the room lacked decor, and it felt like we were staying in a box. The bed covers were stained, and carpeting had not been cleaned thoroughly. the bed sheets were clean, and fresh clean towels were provided daily during our stay. the bed was comfortable. The room also had an unpleasant odor and was very stuffy. we had to sleep with the window open. Breakfast was very good - full English breakfast cooked to order as well as a good selection of cold cereals and juices. this is an inexpensive hotel by London standards... you might do well if you ask for a room in the back of the hotel. Walk from Paddington Station takes about 15 minutes . We didn't have any trouble finding the hotel using directions from google map quest.	
Apr 17 2008 	Great place to stay if decor is not the most important thing to you	This hotel is highly recommended for those who yearn for a classic English breakfast, made to order as you arrive, and with great service. The neighborhood is quiet with lovely classic architecture, good for a stroll. And it's close to main tube and bus lines - you'll have a nice view on the famous Hyde Park every day. As for the hotel itself, service is good and rooms are clean, but there is no elevator, and the room we stayed in on the 4th floor was questionably decorated. However, they are remodeling all the rooms, and just a peek at rooms under construction reveals whitewashed walls with cream trim and tiled bathrooms with all new fixtures. And the breakfast room is quite acceptable already.In short, if you're the type of traveler who doesn't need a &quot;home base&quot; to come back to frequently during the day, you'll be too tired from exploring London to worry about the aesthetics of the rooms. But you'll be glad to start your day with a wonderful meal and a stroll through a nice neighborhood.	
Apr 8 2008	Hmmmm	Hmmm,What I look for in a hotel when I'm on business is something:- clean- secure- quiet enough to sleep- with free wi-fi in the rooms- with breakfast included- Well rated by TripadvisorAs cheap as possible. Usually, location's important too.The Caring hotel passes all of these fairly well. Here are the negatives:- I didn't like the fact that the mini soaps in my room had been previously used by another guest - I thought that was gross. - Also, the wifi was unsecured and judging by the speeds I got, half the neighbourhood is using it. It's easy to lock it down &amp; give the guests a simple password.- Finally I had to carry my heavy case up 4 flights of stairs. So it's fine, and I guess good value by London prices (I paid £49 for a room without a toilet) but not excellent at meeting my needs.Will I be back? Yes, if I don't find anything that looks better.	
Feb 11 2008 	Friendly convenient affordable	My friend and I stayed at the Caring Hotel for 4 nights in Feb 08. We found the place after walking around the neighborhood and visiting several hotels. (We started our trip at a hotel provided by the airline.) The staff at Caring Hotel showed us an available room and quoted us a good price - about $140/night for two single beds, which was one of the best prices we found. We were also told that we could check in early in the morning the next day so that we could drop our luggage off and spend the rest of our day out and about. The next day, when we checked in, we were offered a bigger and better room than the one we had reserved (for the same rate), which we gladly accepted. Service at the hotel was superb. The staff at front desk and for breakfast were always friendly and accommodating. We came back from long days of touristy activities to a clean room. An English breakfast is included in the room rate. It was a bit on the greasy side, but it was big and filling, and helped us to get through most days without a lunch (so as to save our money for dinner).The hotel is in the process of upgrading. Both of the rooms that we saw had brand new bathrooms with new tub, toilet and fixtures. The bed sheets were clean and starched. The carpets were a bit old and the heat was always on high in our room, but we didn't find them to be big problems.The location of the hotel is also really great. It's a 10-minute walk to Paddington train station, which we used to get to/from Heathrow airport. It's also a 10-minute walk to 2 different tube stations on central lines. There are a lot of cute shops and restaurants on the street near the tube stations. It's in a mix hotel/residential area so it's quiet. We walked and always felt safe, even at night.Overall, we were very pleased with the Caring Hotel, especially for the price and location. I'd stay there again in a heartbeat.	
Feb 10 2008 	Creaky Floorboards	My partner and I stayed here in December. The location was excellent, but what a night! We couldn't sleep due to the creaking floorboards from the room above us! It was so loud.The room was a bit claustrophobic and the breakfast was mediocre.	
Feb 3 2008 	Good Basic Hotel with friendly staff	I stayed at the Caring Hotel for 10 days. I had a good time and the price can't be beat (40 pounds a night, 36 pounds with a long stay discount). I had a shared single, which meant the bathroom was in the hall and shared with other guests on the floor. On my floor, there were two bathrooms (one with shower) for four rooms, so there was never a wait at all. The room was your basic room with a sink. For whatever reason, my single had two beds, which meant I slept in one and put my suitcases on the other, so I had plenty of room. There is free wireless internet in the lobby. Good for a quick check of email. The staff is the real plus of Caring Hotel. They were very friendly and responsive. My room was on the 4th floor and as with many smaller hotels, there was no elevator. Alex, the front desk guy during the day(manager?) offered to carry the heavier of my bags up which was very nice. He also was happy to recommend places to eat, a good cheap nearby laundromat for my clothes, and about anything else. I ordered a wake up call and taxi on my last day and both came on time. Minor trouble with phone in room (needed to be switched on) and one of the toilets (didn't flush properly) were quickly fixed by visit to front desk. There is 24 hr reception, so you can stay out as late as you like. The night desk guys are good too. The Czech guy is very friendly and I enjoyed talking with him. I only had the breakfast once, but it was good. Choice of continental or full (eggs, sausage bacon, beans). The room was always clean when I returned from a busy day of sightseeing with fresh towels. One day I ran into the house keeper when I got a late start at 11AM. It's in Paddington, which was a safe area, and a couple blocks away from either Paddington or Queensway Tube stations, from which you can get anywhere in London. Overall, you really couldn't do better than the Caring Hotel for the price you are offering.	
Jan 11 2008	Fair price for what you get	Excellent location, so-so hotel. No lift to carry your luggage upstairs (and the staff didn't even offer to give me a hand although I was on my own and had two huge suitcases). Rooms relatively clean but really depressing, with improbable wall paper and electric wiring back from the 70's. Cherry on top: the tap in the bathroom the kept trickling all night.If you are on a budget it is probably ok though. Breakfast included.	
Dec 12 2007 	Small and a bit dirty..	I usually don't mind small hotel rooms as I don't usually spend much time there except for sleeping, but this room was about 4 square moters, and that includes the 1 square metre that was the bathroom. I was glad we only had one suitcase-there would not have been space on the floor for more... Tv was a very small one with only 3 channels, but who's on holiday to watch tv anyway.. Dusty and not very clean room, the blankets on the bed should have been washed and there was so much dust on the closet we could not store things on top of it.(which would have been nice considering the small room)Did not try the breakfast as it ended at 9-to early for me- but I was waken every morning by the smell of fried bacon, and our roon was on the second floor and the breakfast room was in the basement. I can only imagine how it would smell in the breakfast room itself..Nice staff who could answer the few questions I had, and great location in Bayswater with restaurants and the underground nearby, and a very quiet street. Hotels in London are usually expensive and of a lower standard than you would expect, so for the price we paid this hotel was ok. The hotel had gotten really nice feedbacks on venere.com, thats why we chose it, but I would not give that positive feedback, and I would not stay there again.	
Nov 24 2007 	Great hotel with cheap prices	We have just returned from London where we went to see a football game (England-Croatia). We stayed in hotel Caring for 3 nights. The hotel is about 6-7 minutes walk from Paddington underground station or 2 minute walk from Bayswater bus stop (it's very close to city centre). The taxi to Victoria rail station costs only 13 ponuds! We booked in advance a triple room with private bathroom. The room was quite big with comfortable beds and the bathroom was new and very clean. The rate was really good, only 84 ponuds a night. Considering the breakfast, it was English each day (eggs, sausage and bacon along with toast, cereals and juice). Staff was very kind and helpful. We can recommend you this hotel.	
Sep 25 2007 	Great hotel for the price	Caring Hotel is easy to find, and a brisk walk from Tube and bus stops. We booked a double with shared bath. The room was small, and not the most comfortable of beds, but we never had any trouble waiting for the bath. We booked pretty far ahead of time and got a really good rate (47 pounds a night.) Considering how expensive everything in London is, especially against the weak dollar, this hotel was definitely great for the money. The neighborhood is pretty quiet at night, the rooms are clean, and the staff super friendly and helpful. Plus, the breakfast is cooked to order for you each morning and really filling. I'd recommend this hotel for those who want a clean room at a decent price, and are just looking for a place to sleep after a long day of sight seeing.	
Sep 22 2007	Nice accomodation in a quiet neighborhood	I read the reviews before booking and decided that this was the best hotel for the price. It is a 10 minute walk from Paddington, but get a cab if you are hauling alot of luggage. We booked a room with shared bath and two twin beds. The room was small but comfortable, although one mattress was worn to the springs. The room and bath were clean and no problems with scheduling use of the bath with others. The stairs can be a real obstacle, especially if you are not in good shape. The advantage of having a room on the upper floor is you do not hear the creaking wood floors above you. Breakfast is great with eggs and meats along with rolls, toast cereal and juice. If everything was perfect at the Caring, I am certain the price would be double what it is currently. We were comfortable, well fed and well rested during our three night stay. Great staff.	
Aug 27 2007 	OK I guess for people on a budget with not regards of quality	Service wise it was good. The staff was great, very helpful and extremely nice. The exterior of the hotel was also very pretty and the neighborhood is also beautiful. 10-minute (fast) walking distance from Paddington station. The room we had was very spacious and clean but very, very bad looking. Old, outdated and outdated looking. I guess you get what you pay for. And for the prices of London it was good. It even included breakfast.Again, you get what you pay for.	
Aug 23 2007	The Caring Hotel was Average not horrid but not great	We stayed at the hotel for three nights. That was more than enough. The room was large, but we had the bottom floor. Which means below street level. You can hear all the thumping from the rooms above. There is no elevator and the staircase is NARROW--which is a challenge with a big suitcase. It had a private bathroom. It was fine, but the ceiling was moldy. The shower was small--fine for us, but for someone of &quot;size&quot; it might not do. Like most European hotels, the beds were small and the double bed had a DEEP crease in the center, so that my husband and I both fell towards the center.The staff was VERY nice. The 'English' breakfast was fine. They also had toast and cereals and they had the best coffee that I had while in England. It is close to Paddington, Hyde Park, markets and mall shopping. I don't know if I would stay there again, it was $530 US dollars for 3 nights---I found that to be a bit steep.So...I give it an average grade.	
Jun 27 2007 	Convenient and clean...	Not easy to find coming from Paddington tube.We enjoyed the hotel's location and staff. Climbing up to the third floor with heavy suitcases wasn't a lot of fun, but the price was right and we needed the exercise after sitting on a plane for 7 hours! The breakfast was good, and they have tea/coffee making facilities in the rooms. We will be back...	
Jun 19 2007 	Great for the price	Great location, very close to Hyde park in nice part of town.I've stayed at loads of different hotels near Paddington for around the same price (£64 for a double room) and this is by far the best, in terms of quality of room, size of room, standard of staff.	
Apr 14 2007 	A little pricey but great for London	We stayed at the Caring Hotel last April, and had a very pleasant experience. The pros: excellent location close to the Underground, buses, restaurants and Kensington Gardens; great full, hot English breakfast; friendly and helpful staff; clean rooms. The cons: the smell of fried eggs and sausage rising through the thin walls; the dodgy locks on the room door; the shower which leaked a bit and was not very big; the poor television reception (we hardly watched TV though, since we were in London!); a bit pricey for what you get, I thought, but compared to other places I searched in London this was a good value.	
Jan 15 2007 	nice but noisy	the staff of the caring hotel was really friendly and helpful, the breakfast was quite good and tasty.We had a small room but quite cleaned and had to share the bathroom with two other rooms.The problem of this hotel is that it is quite noisy, certainly because of the wood floor. We could hear each step made by the persons on the room next to our. Some rooms are really to close to the others. I will recommend you to stay in this hotel but in a bigger room with en-suite.However this hotel is a good deal and specially cause of the area, just in front of hyde park and 20 mns by walk to main shops like Harrods.	
Jan 8 2007 	Old hotel with good location but..	Caring is a old hotel. They should have renovated it. The rooms are very simply decorated, with old furniture and a hard/noisy bed. The hotel is not soundproof, if you understand.. You can smell the bacon all over the hotel when you wake up.Good location, we paid a nice price and bathroom was small but ok.	
Oct 28 2006 	Wonderful Reception	We stayed here for one night before leaving England for home. The location was excellent - close to the subway and to the larger Paddington station. We were greeted at reception by very friendly staff who offered to carry our bags up the 5 flights of stairs (no elevator). The room was a bit &quot;tired&quot; - the cover on the bed was old and worn. The breakfast wasn't the traditional English breakfast (no tomato or beans) - and although it was good the service was a bit lacking. I stayed at the Alhambra Hotel earlier in the month for the same price and preferred that spot for the newer furnishings in the rooms and the breakfast.	
Oct 5 2006 	Great Location!	Good hotel for the price. Wow was it cheap for London, and London is not cheap. The room itself isn't the greatest, but you can't beat the location. Just a couple blocks away from Hyde Park (beautiful park to hang out or exercise in) and even closer to the bus stop. Plenty of great food around the corner as well.The staff at the hotel (at least the 2-3 I encountered) were extremely pleasant and helpful.	
Sep 5 2006	Nice place for price	Stayed for two nights in September in a room with shared bathroom. Room was small but typical for British standards. Everything was very clean including the bathroom and housekeeping did a good job everyday. Breakfast was cooked to order which was a nice touch for such a cheap rate. The people at the front desk were some of the friendliest we've met in a long time. Only complaint was that the hotel is very old and everything is well worn. Floorboards creaked very loudly with every step and even woke my husband up.	
Jul 7 2006	Nice little place to stay	The room was small, private bathroom was small--British standard. Daily towels, running hot water, clean room, and working TV. There are nearby internet cafes (one opens 24hrs) restaurants and small grocery stores. Pretty close to Queensway and Baywater tube--about 5-7 min walk. B&amp;B is on a small quiet street away from traffic and noises. Hyde park is 3 min walk, great for morning jogs. There is no air conditioning. I stayed in July, it was 85 degrees in the daytime. It was warm at night but not too warm that it's too uncomfortable to sleep. The two big windows helped. No in-room refrigerator. Breakfast was excellent...eggs, ham, sausage, fruit, cereal, coffee, milk, toast, jam and juice. Friendly staff, front desk opens 24 hrs. Overall, nice value for budget travelers.	
Jul 6 2006 	Nice place nice people	I stayed in the Hotel Caring for 3 days in June 2006. It's very well located in a pleasant, quiet street very near Hyde Park. The room was small but clean. I had a tiny little bathroom that served my needs adequately. The price was unbeatable at £40 per night - this included breakfast (which was standard fare for a budget hotel - not gourmet!). The staff were very friendly, good-humoured and helpful. This hotel lives up to its name! I'll definitely return to the Caring Hotel.	
Jun 10 2006	excellent in this rate	I like this small hotel, since it is clean and have delicious breakfast. Especially after you have too many continental breakfast. And my room have not any leak problem. their stuff also friedly and helpfully. I will stay in this hotel agin when I travel London again.	
Jun 6 2006	Great place	My wife and I stayed at the Caring for 5 days. We loved the area and the quiet street it was on. We had a suite with our own bathroom which was probably bigger than other rooms (we looked at their shared bathroom facilities and they were fine). It was very comfortable as hotels go and the service was good. The staff was friendly and also helpful in helping us get around in London (although, you're never that far away from convenient public transportation). It is a bit far from places that we wanted to go, but the trade off is the nice neighborhood. It is three blocks from Kensington park which was great for walking in the morning. BTW, the breakfast was good, too. I would certainly recommend the hotel for anyone wanting a great deal for a good place to stay. Say hello to Rashid. Good guy.	
May 11 2006	Great for the price	We stayed in a double (room 21) for four nights in May and were satisfied. Alhough the room was quite small and so was the bathroom, but it was cleaned every day, also new towels were provided every day. The windows were looking to the yard. The bed was good, soft mattress, but didn't like the pillow which was flat (this is the case almost in every hotel I stay, so maybe that is only my problem). There was electrical kettle for coffe making in the room.Hotel was small. There were guests in the room nex to ours but didn't hear any sounds, so it was also quiet. We did not much bother the staff, as far as we contacted the, they were friendly to us :)The full English breakfast was good, but on the forth day it was quite boring to have again bacon, sausage, eggs. But it filled us for the day anyway.As I already said we were satisfied because the price was good for things we got.	
Mar 4 2006	Excellent	I stayed at this hotel for six nights and was nothing but pleased. very large rooms considering that this is europe and other rooms i've stayed in have been the siza of a closet. staff very friendly and helpful. cozy atmosphere. great english breakfast with many selections. five mins walk from paddington's station. would definitely come again on next trip. recommend highly.	
Dec 21 2005	Very inexpensive great breakfast...a bit "aged"...	My fiance and I stayed in this hotel in August '05. Was a bit far from most attractions, but not so far as to make it a bad spot, considering the price. I don't believe there was any A/C, it was very small and could use some remodeling. However, it was about the cheapest thing you could find in London...in a safe area...and the breakfast was great, fast, and free. I would stay there again if my budget was as constricted as it was at the time.	
Oct 30 2005	Great Value	We stayed at the Caring for 6 nights in October 2005. Quiet zone and central location (5 minutes to Hyde Park). Very nice staff. The room with bathroom was clean and comfortable. We had our bath towels changed every day. English breakfast was really good, and included in price. All for £52 per night for the double room. It will be our first choice for the next time in London.	
Sep 22 2005	Caring 	Comfy and friendly hotel. A bargain considering how central it is to everything. We had the family room downstairs, with bathroom, cable tv, bath/shower, teac/coffee etc. Decor is late eighties clean but a bit tired...however what more could you want for 50 quid!Buses to everywhere are only 100m walk, 3 tubes close by as well as Paddington Station, Queensway restaurants and supermarkets, not to mention Portobello Rd markets a 5 min walk.Staff were extremely friendly and helpful, especially with bus connections and tourist advice. Breakfast included, grumpy women but the food was good!Would definitely stay there again for the price.	
Aug 23 2005	Great Neighborhood	Well, you get what you pay for, but I suppose we were pretty content with the Caring. If there hadn't been a crazy heat wave that struck England when we went it would have been a lot more pleasant. As it was it was beastly hot, with no A/C or fans in the room and no breeze at all. My boyfriend hardly slept at all and wound up getting sick. But, this is not the fault of the poor hotel at all, and a very unusual situation.On the plus side, the hotel is within very easy walking distance of Paddington Station provided your luggage has wheels. There are innumerable pubs and restaurants in the area, both in the few blocks between the Caring and Paddington Station, and also a 15 minute walk away on Queensway Road. Queensway is a bustling street and is fun to just stroll up and down people watching or window shopping. The staff was also great about making suggestions for places to eat and was very friendly in general. Speaking of eating, the breakfast at the Caring Hotel was terrific. It's quite large and filling. I read another review that suggested getting to the breakfast just when they opened, and although it's true that latecomers did have to wait a bit to eat I felt as if they were a little slow in getting their act together in the morning. There was actually quite a scene with a number of elderly French women who needed milk for their coffee and could not drink it black. It was apparently not the time for the setting out of the milk yet, however, and the staff hid in the kitchen while the poor women wandered about. Somehow i had procured a pitcher of milk by arriving first in the morning and shared it with them, avoiding a melt-down, but it reminded me of Eastern European rationing. But the full English breakfast was great and there was cereal and fruit and a selection of juices too.As for the bathrooms, the ones in the rooms are useless and not worth paying extra for. The hall bathrooms were very useable though and had good pressure. There was never a wait for the shared bathroom either, so I ignored our in room shower after a disastrous attempt at bathing there and used the hall one.Thee rooms could have been cleaner and are well-worn, but I didn't see any bugs.All in all, a good budget hotel. Reasonably hospitable, cheap and in a great location.	
Jul 2 2005	Leaky Leaky...you'll get wet in your room	The hotel was not that bad, but it leaked and was very loud. The staff was nice, but it did not make up for the poor sleep or problem with the ceiling. We had 3 areas that were leaking water on us in a large amount. We told the staff right away and they said we had to wait for the handy man and we finally got to move rooms. The problem was that they did not have a room for us the next night and we had to check out because our room was leaking. The next room was so loud from the people walking above us that it woke us up at night. The hotel is old and has a lot of physical problems in the rooms. You get what you pay for in the room quality.	
Apr 4 2005	Good Cheap Hotel	Stayed in January for 3 nights. Long walk up about 4 or 5 flights to top floor, but (single) room was basic and clean -- reasonable (shared) bathroom. Small room, with sink in room, which I appreciated. I was at the bottom end of the price range for this hotel. It felt very much like a college dorm room (see photos). Staff friendly, breakfast fine.Good area -- about a 10 minute walk to 2 tube lines. Cheap email access and loads of restaurants along nearby Bayswater Rd.For the price, definitely worth it. Not the kind of hotel you want to spend a lot of time in, but a good place to crash.	
Feb 16 2005	Disappointed	Desk clerks were very cheery and helpful. An excellent rating there. The full English breakfast was tasty although slightly minimalist. The problems were in the room itself. Poor water pressure in the shower and an exhaust vent in the bathroom with dust caked on a quarter of an inch thick. The only way to regulate the temperature in the room was to open the window up 12 inches. Two hot water pipes running floor to ceiling in one corner of the room, with no control, radiated constant heat, day and night. The actual radiator for heating the room stayed stone cold. A large dark stain across the carpet and I swear you could not take a step in the hotel room without the floor creaking loudly. Walking about in the room required ear plugs. It was room number 8. Even at 62 pounds per night, I feel we were short changed.	
Dec 15 2004	Nice area.. not bad.	Clean, tiny room, but that's pretty much what you're going to get in this price range. Great area and location. Helpful staff. Decent breakfast. Would stay again for short time.	
Nov 26 2004	Value for money	Considering the central location with quiet surroundings I recommend this place for a short stay. The rooms vary (we have stayed here twice with family and friends, two rooms once and three rooms second stay). As usual i central London, plumbing is not the strenght of the hotel. Low prices, nice staff and full english breakfast included makes this the perfect place to stay if you just want a place to sleep and shower. If you want a nice bar and reception area just move a block away and stay at Mornington (at twice the price). For a weekend in London where you spend your money on a theatre or musical ticket instead, Caring Hotel is the perfect choice.	
Oct 25 2004	A Great Stay At A Great Price!		
Oct 18 2004	Cheap and Shabby		
Jun 28 2004	My sweet little GEM!		
Jun 17 2004	Hearty Breakfast Cozy Room		
Jun 17 2004	Hotel parfaitement situé bel accueil et des prix bon marche !!!		
Oct 20 2009 	segunda vez en este hotel y repetiré!		
Oct 9 2009 	ottobre 2009		
Sep 25 2009 	ottima soluzione		
Sep 16 2009 	??????????		
Sep 14 2009 	Gute Lage sauber günstig freundlich leckeres continetal breakfast		
Aug 29 2009 	Semplice ed accogliente!		
Jul 31 2009 	Exceptionnel rapport qualité-prix pour Londres		
Jun 17 2009 	Très bon hôtel pas cher et bien situé		
May 20 2009 	Hotel bello pulito e super economico		
Apr 21 2009 	Il giusto per un soggiorno senza grandi pretese		
Apr 15 2009 	Bon hotel bien situé		
Feb 4 2009	poca spesa discreta resa		
Jan 8 2009 	W il Caring Hotel		
Jan 8 2009 	Buonissimo rapporto qualità prezzo		
Oct 13 2008 	Super ! a recommander !!!		
Apr 4 2008 	hotel valido		
Feb 25 2008 	Excellent rapport qualité-prix		
Jan 9 2008 	Bien para ser londres		
Feb 8 2007	trés bon hotel		
Jan 24 2007 	Ottimo soggiorno!		
Nov 3 2005	Alojamiento y desayuno al mejor precio		
