	Once again City Inn Westerminster shows why the chain is one of the best around	The City Inn chain is a fairly new and modern group and the Westminster City Inn is London's biggest new build hotel in 30 years.I was in London on my own and was delighted to find that the Westminster branch of CIty Inn Westminster is located about 5 minutes walk from the Houses of Parliament + Big Ben and is also within walking distance of the London Eye, Westminster Abbey and many places to eat. The nearest tube station is Pimlico which is about 5 minutes walk away. Also being in Wesminster it is also in a nice area and I felt safe walking back on my own at night.The staff at the hotel were all super-nice as well as being really efficient - this makes such a big difference.I found the room easily big enough for me with a large bed which is really warm thanks to a thick duvet - this seems to be so rare in many other hotels. Big pillows were also a nice addition.As well as that you also have a MAJOR plus point which is a standard City Inn feature - an iMac computer system in every room!! - this means you have a fully fledged internet system for free use. This is so brilliant and handy for checking local attractions, checking transport times, restaurants, maps etc etc as well as (if you want) keeping up with emails, ebay, facebook etc while away from home - and its all free with the room!Of course you can also hook your ipod up to the system as well.City Inn Westminster has a Pizza Express restaurant right next door which I used when the weather was bad - and they do take away if you want to bring it back to your room and eat it while watching a DVD like I did :)PROS:*Great location - about 5 minutes walk to the nearest tube station + Houses of Parliament (the tube access gives you all of London within easy reach)*Very comfortable and warm rooms*In room computer imac system - great for looking up information and doing email etc!*Nice polite staff*If you don't want to venture far to eat there is the hotel restaurant and there is a Pizza Express restaurant next door.* Quiet - I couldn't hear any traffic outside at all.CONS*There is a choice of continental or a fuller breakfast - I went for the included continental but though the fuller breakfast did look nice - it was quite pricey (the continental was fine for me).*I honestly cannot think of anything I didn't like!I wasn't sure where to stay in London originally as I have paid really cheap rates before and regretted it. But as I have stayed in other City Inn hotels I decided to give the London venue a try and was really glad I did. It was a very comfortable and convieniant stay with very friendly staff - I will certainly have this place at the top of my list the next time I visit.	
	ACCEPTABLE DEAL	All in all the hotel is acceptable and decent value if you get a deal in the range 130-150 gbp per night (per room). nothing more.PROS: quiet, well equipped (internet, imac in rooms, etc.but also dryer, ironing board), general service is acceptable (do not expect anything stellar). guest service is good. rooms are cleaned ok, but not spotless (traces of hair in the bathroom). shower is modern and functional.CONS: bathroom small. mattress is way way way too soft (if you bend on one edge you risk falling to the ground), 20 min queue to sit at a breakfast table (never seen this before).	
	Comfortable clean and great value!	We stayed at the City Inn Westminster for one night on a long layover in London. This was my first trip to the city, so I don't have anything to compare but I thought the City Inn was great. The check-in process was quick, and our room (on the 5th floor) was great. There seemed to be a private party at the hotel restaurant, and some of the guests were staying on our floor, so I was a bit worried that it would be noisy. It was actually nice and quiet, and the bed was clean and comfortable.My favorite thing about the hotel was the in-room iMac. We used it for both TV and computer, and I was able to charge my iPod.Overall a great stay, and definitely recommend. The Underground Circle Line wasn't operating during our stay in London, so I'm not really sure how convenient the hotel is to transportation. It was about a 10 minute walk to Big Ben and even shorter than that to nearby cafes (Pret a Manger and Starbucks- although they don't open until 9am on Saturdays!).I also highly recommend the Heathrow Express to Paddington Station. It was so convenient, then just a 15 minute cab ride from Paddington to City Inn.	
	Modern and Chic!	Having been my second trip to London (but a first for my Mother who was traveling with me), I must say that I was pleasantly surprised. My first trip to London I stayed in one of the Novotel chain hotels and was very impressed, so I wasn't sure what to expect from this hotel, but it was absolutely PERFECT for what we needed. Where to start:Check In - Very efficient. During the day they almost ALWAYS had 5 people at the front desk, which made checking in/out, using the concierge, asking questions, etc very efficient. Even at night there was usually 3 people working. I absolutely love this. Their customer service is top notch as well. Every time I walked through the door I received a smile from someone at the front desk, and usually someone asking me how my day was. Decor - It's just as they state - Very modern. I absolutely loved it. The lobby was fun and relaxing. The rooms were stunning. While the bathroom was a bit small and did not have a bath, it was fine for our needs. We're 2 girls who get all dolled up everyday, and there was plenty of space to do so. They also had what I believe my mom called a &quot;shaving mirror&quot; which was PERFECT for putting my eye makeup on. I loved it. The room also had a computer with free internet access! This was AMAZING, and I was able to keep in contact with my daughter at home. What a great way to make being away so much easier to handle! The only downside would have to be that our window faced towards a courtyard, and I could see in to a lot of other people's rooms, so i knew they could probably see in to mine unless I made sure the curtain was COMPLETELY closed. But this didn't really bother me as we weren't in the room much anyways. It's LONDON for goodness sake! ;]Location - The location of this hotel is EXCELLENT. It's in walking distance to the London Eye, Parliament, Westminster Abbey, and many restaurants. There's also a little convenience type store about 2 blocks up which was awesome for late night snacks =] It's about a 5 mins walk to the tube station, and it's in a very nice neighborhood. I never once felt unsafe walking back at night.Restaurant - We only ate at the restaurant once for breakfast. The other reviews are correct that there is almost always a queue to get in. We had to wait about 15 mins before we got a seat. The manager did however go through the line and let you check your bags, coats, accessories, etc... if you didn't want to hold on to them while you ate. This was pretty awesome, since we had all of our luggage with us. The food was average. We opted for the breakfast buffet rather then the full english breakfast. We got there kind of late so it was a bit picked over, we probably would have had better luck paying for the full english breakfast as it looked delicious.This hotel is a bit more expensive then some other places you can stay in London, but if you can afford it, DEFINITELY pay the extra to go here. We stayed in the most basic room offered and were blown away, and I'm sure you will be too. Take my advice, STAY AT THE CITY INN WESTMINSTER!!!	
Nov 25 2009 	Pretty nice	A pretty nice hotel in a very good location. It´s near the Westminster underground and near museum and stores.	
Nov 19 2009 	better than 5 star !	Without repeating numerous previous reviewers comments,this is a great hotel.Room has everything you could wish for and although &quot;cosy&quot; it is thoughtfully designed to provide a home from home experience.Check in/out unproblematic and polite and the concierge provided complimentary dvds quickly and efficently.Breakfast was quality only matched by standard of &quot;Esplendido&quot; in Majorca where presentation and attention to detail are second to none.I have never experienced this in British hotels before now.Gym was spotless and had quality equipment,water and clean towels.City cafe pretty good.Bar on first floor had great lighting and ambience but was VERY expensive.Nearest tube is at the end of John Islip street and accross the road....no distance.Good way of burning off breakfast !Highly reccommended&gt;	
Nov 18 2009 	Modern clean and fresh	Excellent hotel, good location and good service. The restaurant prepare very good food and the breakfast has a great variety.	
Nov 15 2009 	Excellent	Wonderful hotel with great staff and service second to none	
Nov 15 2009 	Generally good	Good hotel for london. Close to tokyo prices with good, but not tokyo, service standards of service. London is now terribly expensive for the quality on offer. This hotel is located in a quieter street near Millbank and Westminster with good access to public transport and taxis. Rooms are adequate rather than spacious with a cozy shower. Good to put a group or individuals travelling on business.	
Nov 9 2009 	Very Nice Hotel	Just been down to London for the weekend and stayed at the City Inn Westminster.We booked a Club room with breakfast, which I would recommend for the additional facilities and the late checkout, as our flight wasn't until the Sunday afternoon.We thought the hotel was lovely and was impressed with the staff. They all genuinely seem friendly and go out of their way to talk to you or just say hello.The room was nice, with very trendy iMac and the breakfats was good. No real queuing. Simply showed up and shown to a table within a minute or two. Good quality of food in nice surroundings. Only one gripe, which was on the second day, we ordered our breakfast, 20 minutes later o sign and when it did arrice it was cold.I would agree with the other positive comments about this hotel. I do not agree that its posotion is not great. We thought it was well positioned. Anywhere in London is accessible as long as you use the Tube.All in all a good hotel, that I would use and recommend.	
Nov 9 2009 	Very pleasantly surprised	I have paid a lot more in London for significanlty less in terms of an overall hotel experience. Staff were professional and curtious and very friendly throughout the hotel. The decor is bright, modern and appealing. Rooms are small but very clean and well appointed and beds are very comfortable. Free internet and excellent quality TV picture.There has obviously been a lot of focus on attention to detail at this hotel as everything from the selection of wines by the glass in the lounge, to the chilled water and clean towels in the fitness suite has had a clear forethough and planning. Location is excellent and just far enough out of the hustle and bustle to get a decent sleep.I will definitely stay here on my next visit to London and will recommend it to friends.	
Nov 8 2009 	great great great	After a couple of visits here I can say this place works... Reasonable prices for modern, clean accessible london rooms. Booked a double room at 20 minutes notice for £90. Apple mac in room always useful.Bathroom no frills, cleanService cannot be faulted	
Nov 8 2009 	Check your sheets are clean 	This was our first stay at the City Inn Westminster, we have previously stayed at City Inn Manchester 20 + times. Checked in at just after 2pm on Thursday 5th November and we were pleased that our room was ready, we booked a club room which was not as large as I would have hoped for, when I arrive in a hotel room I like to have a good look round and check everything is working ok on this occasion the iMac (TV computer) was not working, after an attempt at fixing this guest services moved us to another room where I discovered the iMac was working but the bed had a bottom sheet that appeared to have not been changed as I counted three hairs in the bed. I went straight to reception who moved us to another room which was a suite on the 13th floor, finally after over an hour we could rest after our long journey. We had breakfast the following morning at around 9am and there was no wait for a table and our full English breakfast arrived quickly but the sausages were not cooked in the middle, I did point this out to a member of staff but no replacement food was offered. (we didn't bother with Breakfast on Saturday or Sunday) we also had dinner once in City Cafe on the Friday evening, we all had a starter and main course, for main we all choose Fish and Chip's the Fish was very tasty but I would have expected for than four (YES 4) chunky chips Al le carte or not lol, I did point this out to Kemal Chetitah the General Manager of the City Cafe, you would also think that cooking such a small amount of chips that they would be cooked but this was not the case!!! and as you can buy 25kg sack of Potatoes for £3 you would think that City Inn could stretch to maybe a decent amount!!! On the positive side the 13th floor suites are very nice rooms indeed with excellent views of the Thames, the hotel is also close to Westminster Abbey and the London Eye and far enough away from the West End to get a decent nights sleep. My only other complaint was that the original check in member of staff did not make us aware of the club package that entitled us to a complementary drink in the bar (via a voucher) that we were not given until I asked for it. Normally I am a big fan of City Inn and looking at all the positive review's I think they get it right most of the time.	
Nov 8 2009 	Excellent Hotel Excellent Location	I read the good reviews before I booked this hotel - it lived up to them all.The rooms are spacious, light and airy with a comfortable bed. I love having an iMac in the room. Not only can you watch tv/listen to the radio, but it is handy having access to the internet. Perfect for checking out where to visit the following day and how to get to places. Also very handy for watching your favourite programme on the iPlayer! Yes I am a Strictly Come Dancing fan and it meant I didn't miss it even though I went to the Theatre on the Saturday night!Breakfast first class; so much selection. Staff extremely friendly, polite and helpful. Had a meal in the restaurant on the Sunday night - first class. With a variety of prices to suit all pockets.We didn't use public transport that much because it was so central and nice to walk to all the places nearby, on both sides of the Thames. Tate Britain very handy - pop in if only to see the wonderful sculpture on display.On my next visit to London I would definitely stay here. Is it a Four Star Hotel? It certainly seems like one, and such a treat to find a London Four Star Hotel that is actually worthy of its four stars!	
Nov 7 2009 	Reasonable price for a great London Hotel.	We have just returned from a two night stay here. We chose the hotel because it wasn't in the hubbub of the city but was close enough that we could take the tube or get a taxi. (£6 to Leicester square and roughly £12 to Euston station) The tube is within walking distance (and I have walking difficulties!) You could probably have walked to Parliament from there too if you were feeling energetic.The rooms were clean and comfortable. The bathroom was small but how much time do you really want to spend in there anyway. The most important thing was - it was spotless!! The wifi and Mac were really helpful to us as we planned our days. We were about to use mulitmap for the theatres and plan our routes on the tube. We didn't use the DVD loaning service but we were very impressed that there was one!We did use room service which was efficient and not ridiculously expensive. Drinks in the bar were not as pricey as we were expecting either. We actually paid far more for a glass of wine in Liverpool earlier this year!Room rates are very good for London too.Overall, I would highly recommend staying in this hotel. We're already in the process of planning our return trip	
Oct 31 2009 	decently priced AND very good!	We stayed at the City Inn Westminster for the second time. The first time was four years ago and we were really satisfied so we decided to stay there again for a short weekend in London, and were glad we did.First of all, I disagree with the previsous review as far as the metro is concerned. The Pimlico metro station is only 10 minutes on foot. It is true that you have to take the metro to go into the centre, but I think that is a small price to pay when you get back in the evening to a quiet area, where you can have a decent night's sleep without being bothered by traffic or loud bars.What makes the hotel unbeatable is that it's really good value for money: 113 euro for a flexible booking (we could cancel it).The rooms are not huge, but they are clean, well equipped with coffee and tea making facilities, Mac computer, DVD and CD rental, free Skype... The bathroom is also very clean.The staff are nice and helpful.We did not try either the Café or the restaurant. I would definitely go back to this hotel and recommend it.	
Oct 31 2009 	EXCELLENT SERVICE IN A NICELY LOCATED MODERN HOTEL	We stayed at the City Inn for 3 nights and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. The hotel is ideally located near some of the big attractions, but tucked away on a very quiet street. The tube is approximately 5-6 blocks away, and is on a mainline that we used to get up to Buckingham Palace and the like.The hotel amenities are excellent. From the mac in the room, the contemporary design and the lounge and grill, everything was to our liking.The thing that tied it all together was the outstanding service and attention we received from the staff. They are well trained and very good at what they do. We'll be back to City Inn the next time were in London.	
Oct 31 2009 	Finally a reasonably priced 	Overall we had a great stay at City Inn. If you are also fed up with the overpriced London hotels that consistently underdeliver, you should try City Inn. The rooms are clean and comfortable and the staff is very friendly. We were also impressed with the Mac's in rooms and their free DVD rental service. The hotel's restaurant is also nice and reasonably priced, though the menu is limited. The only downside of this hotel is that it is not walking distance from the tube, you'd need to take 6-8 GBP cab ride to the next station. Although it is perfectly located to tour Westminster and surroundings, if you'd need to travel elsewhere via tube, it might not be the perfect location.	
Oct 30 2009 	Price for room on telephone booking did not include tax!!! add around £26.00	I booked this hotel over the telephone and was not quoted the tax of around £26.00. When checking out this was added to my fee. I was not impressed as I could have got a mystery hotel for less than the £180, even a 5 star. Hotel was very clean and well presented though. Free wifi was very good and room service good and fast too. Bit of a walk to the nearest tube, (Pimlico was closest, or Westminster). Breakfast was ok, but they did not freely offer the Full English I had paid for in advance, they made every offer of everything else before I had to mention I would like the Full English, then the waiter said, oh yes you could have that, but told me it consisted of less items displayed on the menu. It made me feel quite greedy having to ask if I could also have the bubble and squeak and black pudding too. When it came, they had missed off my bacon and I had to ask for that too!! My friend asked for apple juice as there was only orange and grapefruit on offer and it was brought to her promptly, but in a glass with a big crack. My fried eggs were snotty too!! not nice to have to scrape it all off on the side of my plate and the toast was barely cooked (just rubbery bread). Apart from that, service was good and the Bubble and squeak and black pudding was beautiful. No wonder they keep it under wraps. on checking out the receptionist was polite and efficient and dealt well with my complaint about not being quoted the tax on booking. Although on checking in the female receptionist spoke so quietly that I could hardly understand or hear what she was saying, a bit annoying to have to keep telling her &quot;I'm sorry, I cannot hear you&quot;!!! I was recommended this hotel by my Mother who loved it, but obviously things can change in a space of weeks.	
Oct 30 2009 	Perfect for what we needed	We checked in late afternoon on a Friday there was no queue and we were in our room within 5 minutes. The room was clean and a reasonable size and was well equipped with desk, bar area, a couple of wardrobes, arm chair and table as well as the apple mac computer and internet in the room which was a bonus when checking out places to go etc. Breakfast was our only complaint. The queues to be seated were huge and when seated service was slow. The walk way through the restaurant is also where the continental breakfasts are laid out causing congestion throughout the restaurant but we did expect everywhere to be busy on a weekend! I would certainly stay here again.	
Oct 28 2009 	Clean and comfortable rooms in a great location	1/4 mile from Big Ben. Modern hotel with very friendly and helpful staff. Breakfast and hotel restaurant food is GodAweful. But you are in England - bad food is part of its charm. We got there from an overnight transcontinental flight at 8 AM for a 2PM check in. Staff was nice enough to give us free breakfast and put us in a temporary room to sleep until our room was ready. That was extremely considerate of them.	
Oct 28 2009 	Perfect London Hotel	Based on Trip Advisor reviews we booked 4 nights. Arrived at 7am after 24 hours travel from Australia and was offered a room to shower and change in till ours was ready!! And it just got better from there. Moved into our real room about 4pm, well appointed, luxurious and the Imac a bonus - skyped home on several occasions, able to do banking etc. A 10 minute walk to Pimlico station, 15 minute walk to Westminster Abbey or the 110 bus out the front goes to Trafalgar Square. And a stones throw from the Tate. Brilliant. Can't recommend this hotel enough...and go for the Breakfast add on....excellent value	
Oct 25 2009 	Good location and great value for money	My husband and I had a weekend here, and the break that we found on the internet, which included breakfast and a discount on all food and drink purchased, was really great value for money. The room was clean and comfortable, and all of our bathroom and other equipment worked well. There was some noise from other guests rooms and from the corridor, but not enough to be bothered by. We had a disasterous experience in the cafe on the Friday night, we arrived late, shattered and hungry after a long journey, and the hostess in the restaurant was rude and dismissive because we hadn't prebooked. She chose not to seat us straight away, even though there was plenty of space in the restaurant. Only when I said to her that we were reconsidering just leaving and going to the pizza express round the corner did she mellow. We then waited ages for our food, and then were finally told that our order had been lost. At this point to be fair their excellent customer service kicked in and we got our meal and drinks for free. A nice save by them, because this is our 1 weekend away per year without our children, and I was ready to feel really cross. The breakfasts are very nice with a fantastic choice, and we found the service here to be very efficient. Guest services were very helpful to us on a number of occasions. Location was great, a short walk to houses of parliament and Pimlico tube. We had an excellent dinner at The Cinnamon Club on the Saturday, again a short walk from the hotel.We would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 23 2009 	London October 2009	Our stay at the City Inn Westminster was fantastic and couldn't be faulted. Check-in was a breeze we arrived early and still managed to get into our room straight away. The room was clean, spacious, modern and very well equipped.We found the internet in our room extremely useful whilst we were visiting London and it was easy to use. The breakfast and restaurant we great when we booked we were told that it would be a continental breakfast (quite ample) but we also had the option of a Full English Breakfast for now extra cost (my boyfriend was very pleased!)The hotel location was very very accessible we were 10 minutes from Westminster tube station, The Houses of Parliament, Big Ben and Westminster Abbey and 20 minutes from the London Eye. If you are going on a sight seeing city break then the location is great!!!I would visit this hotel again and would highly recommend it to anyone!	
Oct 23 2009 	very nice hotel not far from Westminster	Modern hotel, with lovely rooms attractively decorated.Apple Mac computer in room as I suppose this hotel would be used for business due to it's proximity to Westminster. Very nice waiter- served breakfast. Approx 10 minute walk to Westminster tube station, but Pimlico tube station also nearby. Would definitely stay again.	
Oct 22 2009 	City Inn is perfectly located for business or leisure	I recently spent 10 days in London for business and had a day at leisure. City Inn is perfectly located for both options.The walk to Westminster tube station was an easy 10 minutes in the morning and there are great walking or jogging options from the hotel into Green Park. The staff were fantastic! Friendly yet professional and not snobbish like some other London hotels I have experienced. The free wireless internet access throughout the hotel is a major bonus and I was able to do emails from the comfy bar that really lends itself as a great location to work from whilst having a light meal. The hotel is excellent for single travellers as the restaurant and bar have clever seating where you can sit quite cozily even if alone. I highly recommend this hotel for any traveller to London.	
Oct 20 2009 	Frustrating and Disappointing	My spouse and I stayed at the City Inn for 7 nights recently. I booked the hotel based on the recommendations of a nearby conference centre and trip advisor. The hotel was modern and check-in was prompt and friendly. Our room, located on the 9th floor had no view but was clean and well laid out. It was small, but most rooms in London hotels are. The iMac was a great addition. There is very little room for storage of personal items, other than the wardrobe and one very small drawer - barely sufficient for one person, much less two. There were some minor issues - leaky shower, bathroom door that wouldn't stay closed and the constant &quot;slamming&quot; of doors whenever other guests entered or left their rooms. The location, for me, isn’t ideal. No shops or restaurants near the hotel (in the evening). My issues centered on the staff. First up housekeeping – guests at City Inn are not provided with a top sheet. Guests are expected to sleep using only the comforter – not something I am comfortable with. So, I called down to housekeeping and asked to have a sheet sent up. I also asked for the bed to be made up with a top sheet for the duration of our stay. They delivered it promptly and I proceeded to remake the bed. This unfortunately had to be repeated EACH and EVERY day of our stay. I would get to the room at 11pm or midnight to have to call housekeeping (or guest services when housekeeping had gone home) and they would deliver a sheet and I would have to remake the bed. I would always ask that the bed be made up with a top sheet for the duration of our stay and I would always get “yes, of course”. It NEVER happened. For the last night of our stay, I decided to call before I left the hotel. At noon, couldn’t get through to housekeeping (were they just tired of my frustrated calls?) so the front desk offered to deliver the message. When I got to my room that evening, I did in fact have a sheet – folded and sitting on top of the bed. So for the seventh and last time – I got to again make up the bed ( I thought that was housekeeping’s job!). It was almost as if the request was ignored each and every day. Second – the restaurant staff. When you dine in a restaurant, you expect friendly, courteous and professional service. Not what we experienced at the City Café!! We sat at our table for about ten minutes before the waiter approached us and then was rude and impatient. It seemed as if he was doing us a favor to answer questions about the menu. The food was also disappointing. My spouse’s steak was horrendous – not properly trimmed before cooking. The restaurant wasn’t busy, but we had to basically tackle him to get the check. Needless to say, we never went back.Thirdly – the bar staff. While very pleasant (unlike the Café staff), it would be very helpful for this multi-lingual staff to speak some English. I ordered a burger from the menu and it was delivered completely wrong. When I asked the waitress to bring me some onions, she came back with chips. Communication was a battle the three times we visited, but at least they were pleasant and you could see that they were trying.Lastly – the concierge. All I can say is unapproachable, unfriendly and unhelpful - in essence useless (except to hand out maps)!	
Oct 13 2009 	Does Everything Right	This hotel really does everything right. The staff is courteous, friendly and competent. The rooms are large, clean, airy with light colored furnishing that are well organized and useful, full of light, and very nicely appointed. The location is good, though not extraordinary - the nearest Tube station is just a little far, and nightlife is not right next door. The price is very reasonable for the quality you get - and it is London, after all. It's not funky and it's not quaint - so if that's what you want you should look elsewhere. But if you want a good hotel that does everything right, offers good value, and really lets you enjoy your stay in London this is an excellent choice in my book.	
Oct 10 2009 	Modern hotel with basic clean rooms good breakfasts and a great value for the American dollar.	I took my thirteen-year-old daughter on her first European trip this summer. We stayed at the City Inn for nine days. Overall it was a very nice experience. The room was small and simple but very clean and quiet. We loved the imac computer in the room, it was great for planning our activities and keeping touch with the folks at home. The full English breakfasts included in our stay were wonderful, especially the sausages and French toast. Although the location was a 5-10 minute walk to either the Pimlico or Westminster tube stops, it didn't bother us in the least. We loved being able to walk to Sunday church service at nearby Westminster Abbey and the Tate Britain and its glorious Turner paintings were just a couple blocks away. The problems we encountered at the hotel were fairly minor. The worst part was at check-in when the first room we were given had one queen bed when we had requested two twin beds. Then, the second room we were given had a broken showerhead that sprayed the whole bathroom. The third room worked out just fine. The hotel staff was generally attentive and helpful but many seemed inexperienced. These small critcisms would not prevent us from staying here again. The value of our stay for the American dollar was very good.	
Oct 9 2009 	Second time even better than the 1st	This was our second trip to London (we were here 3 years ago) and our second stay with the City Inn and the experience was better the second time. The hotel is in a quiet neighbourhood and a 5 minute walk from the &quot;tube&quot; with the bus stop almost right in front. We booked a few weeks before our trip through the LondonTown.com website so that for the price of the room we also had breakfast and dinner included. Breakfast was fantastic - there was quite a large variety of cold and hot items from the buffet along with the chance to order from the menu as well. Although the dinner menu was somewhat limited and not very exotic, the service was attentive and courteous.The room was bright and clean and included a Mac computer which provided support for the Internet, DVDs, CDs, radio and TV.At 100 pounds a night, taking into consideration that the meals and the Internet was included, the cost of the room was a true bargain.The next time we go back to London, the City Inn will certainly be at the top of our list for places to stay.	
Oct 9 2009 	WOW	What a great place. The place was kind of hard to find, but that was mostly my fault for not really getting my bearings. The lobby staff was very friendly and helpful. The mac in the hotel room was great (one of our bags broke on the flight over and we had to find a camping store, so this came in very handy. This was our first stop in an 11 day Trip through Europe. ). Did not realize the mac was also our tv for a while, not that we needed any tv. Nice walking distance from the parliment and big ben. Very easy walk to the Thames. Very clean rooms. Breakfast was plentiful and very good. Our package included breakfast in the price, so i'm not 100% if it was worth the cost since it would have been very hidden in our 11 day bundle of flight, train and hotels.	
Oct 8 2009 	Very well run hotel but...	Super friendly and helpful staff. Well organised hotel. Well accessorised rooms. Cool iMac with free wideband Internet in the room. But:* Rooms small and cramped especially because of the small table right in the middle of everything.* Double beds too small for two people (but comfortable otherwise)* Very small bathroom that made you feel constricted and clauastrophobic.* No bidet in the bathroom* Water pressure in the shower not low but not high enough to make it trully satisfying.* Shower head worked but was broken in a place and water was shooting out in the opposite direction of the normal flow* Phone would not allow us to make International calls while my credit card was working (I checked). We asked for help on this one and they did not acknowledge what I reckon was management imposed policy. Instead they pretended not to know why this was happening, they even changed the phone device in the room. Finally they promised to check the calling centre as I suggested and get back to us but they never did get back to us. * Advertised wifi not really working although cable based connection and iMac's Internet access worked great.* Room heating not working; no warm air would come in except momentarily. Again they never acknowledged the probolem although it is common knowledge that many hotels try to save by disabling heating during the first months of Autumn. They came to check it, it momentarily worked and then it was back to cold air coming in.* Just one clothes drawer in the whole room!?* iMac doubled as the room's TV. TV signal is digitized by the hotel and streamed to all rooms. However iMac's worse than average screen quality in combination with the fact that the digitized video lacks in clarity and detail compared to the original satellite received one rendered some programs difficult to watch. Specifically we were trying to watch the US Open tennis tournament and the ball simply could not be seen clearly or at all during fast exchanges and especially on the far side of the court.* No 24-hour corner shop close-byThe hotel management was very gracious, helpful and polite when a problem occured with my credit card freezing for a couple of days.Overall, I would still stay there again, but only if something better could not be found for a similar or slightly higher price. It is after all true that Hotel quality and room space is a problem in general in London and the UK.	
Oct 8 2009 	Wonderful location for walking to see the sights	Included with your accomodations is a fabulous breakfast! This was important because it was difficult to find a family restaurant within 30 minutes walking distance of this hotel.The location was perfect for our family to walk to see every site we wanted to see. I would not advise paying to eat lunch or dinner here, though, unless you prefer small portions of gourmet food.The room was small but we were able to get 2 adjoining rooms, which saved the day.Do not stay here if you desire a view. We were able to see the roof with rocks surrounded by 4 buildings.	
Oct 8 2009 	The best hotel ever!!!!	I never thought I would be saying this but....The perfect hotel, down the earth and helpful Concierge, painless accurate check-in and check-out, extremely clean rooms, free internet, helpful polite staff, quick friendly room service, food offerings for every taste and pocketbook. Location could not be better. Cab stand at your front door, beautiful views, quite, spotless, we can't say enough good about this place, it made our trip special. You can't go wrong here.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great experience @ the City Inn Westminster	An excellent 4 nights vacation in this fabulous hotel; Good value for money (great deal via directrooms.com); Will surely come back...Pros: Rooms are very clean and fair in size; Grand breakfast with good products variety; iMac in rooms is a cool bonus; Staff is nice &amp; helpful.Cons: A little far from the nearest tube (10 minutes walk); 2 minutes from the nearest bus station, but only two lines...	
Oct 4 2009 	4Star ++++++	I don't know if it was because of the horrible experience we experienced in Paris at the Mercure Suffren Hotel, which was supposed to be on the same level as the City Inn....but we wanted to kiss the ground in the front of the City Inn. Then the staff were so helpful and kind, unlike Paris Mercure Suffren, and mostly the City Inn of Westminster is so clean!!!!!!I will definitely stay here again!!!!	
Oct 3 2009 	Second time and still just as good!	This was our second time at City inn Westminster. It was just as great as we remembered it from 3 years ago. The location is really good, nice quiet backstreet but convenient to both Pimlico and Westminster tube stations. Rooms clean, bright and lots of natural daylight. Cool Apple TV/computer. only downside is that the bathrooms are tiny with just a shower. However, they are adequate, just very small. Reception and common areas very stylish, staff very helpful and friendly. Buffet breakfast is one of the best we've ever had - with hot breakfasts cooked to order which is always a nice touch compared to everything being on hot plates. Overall would definitely not bother looking anywhere else every time we go to London now, this hotel is the perfect package for the price.	
Oct 1 2009 	Eggs Benedict excellent	I have stayed here several times and am always pleased to discover the free internet and iMac in my room. The breakfast is excellent. The cost of drinks in the bar is somewhat steep, even for a London hotel. What was a little frustrating in this visit though was that I had signed for my drink at the bar, only to be chased after by the server afterwards (20 minutes later indeed) suggesting I had failed to do so. It was not busy. My frustration was for the following reason: I signed the chit. I placed the chit on the bar. I returned to sit and realised that the staff member had not taken my chit (with my name and room number on) from its public display on the bar. I returned to the bar, picked up my chit and placed it on the till. This is a matter of resident security. As a lone female in particular I was not happy that my name and room number was displayed to others. It is a shame that the focus was on potential revenue loss, rather than customer service. I am sure that the management team will reconfirm with staff the import of resident security, should they read this review.	
Oct 1 2009	Modern 	My sister and I stayed at City Inn Westminster for 1 night during our trip to London. We've read many positive comments about this hotel and wanted to try it. The hotel is within walking distance from Tate Britain, the House of Parliament, Westminster Abbey, Southwark etc. However, it's quite a long walk from Westminster Underground station with all our luggages. We're lucky to get early check in. The room we stayed was nice and clean with some view of the river Thames &amp; London. Furniture was modern but basic. Bathroom was small but nice and it came with The White Company toileteries. We like the Apple computer in room although it's slighting uncomfortable to use as it's on a high table and the chair was bit too low. It's great to have free internet access in room though.Their cafe on ground floor looks nice. Unfortunately, we didn't try it as it was closed after breakfast for lunch set up.	
Sep 30 2009 	Very poor service for business customers	I would not recommend this hotel for a business stay as they will not allow the use of a third party company credit card. For my buisness (and I'm sure many others) this is incredibly important and I have never had a problem with this at any other hotel I have used before,	
Sep 29 2009 	Amazing hotel that made our wedding day unforgettable.	We held our wedding at City Inn Westminster on 5th September 2009. Shelly, Grant and the team made the day unforgettable for us and our guests. Every single member of staff seemed to know who we were and made a point of congratulating us and checking whether everything was alright. The chef produced 100 plates of superb food (sea bass, perfectly cooked, even though the speeches ran over time). We were upgraded to their luxury Thames suite, with spectacular views to Battersea power station and the river. All our guests were bowled over by the stylish decor, perfectly designed rooms and great service. This hotel punches way above its weight. Forget the 5* or trendy boutique options in London. If you want superb service in a modern, cool and friendly hotel, this is the place, It's brilliant value to boot. We were overwhelmed: they made our wedding day.	
Sep 27 2009 	A perfect place to stay for a city break	This is the second time we have stayed at the City Inn this year. It was as good as last time. Quiet location and only 10 mins walk from the underground and a 15 min walk from St James park. Friendly, efficient service, good sized comfortable rooms with White Company smellies and fluffy dressing gowns. The bar on the 1st floor is excellent. Our rate didn't include breakfast and at £17.50 wasn't good value if you don't want a full English but there are plenty of good cafes around.	
Sep 25 2009 	Great hotel in a terrific location	My husand and I stayed at Westminster City Inn for three nights during our recent vacation, while we took in a Proms concert, theatre production, and the City sites. The location was terrific--easy walking distance to lots of sites in Westminster, as well as the tube and bus lines. The hotel is in a nice neighborhood and, alhtough it doesn't look like much from the outside, it has a lovely lobby and super comfortable rooms that are well-equipped. We got a package that included full english breakfast and thoroughly enjoyed both the buffet and cooked entrees--lots of options and variety and excellent quality. The restaurant is light and airy, and a great setting. The bar upstairs is a hoot--lots of red lights and minimalist music in an attempt at a super cool vibe. The staff was excellent --from the front desk crew to the wait staff in the restaurant and bar to the concierge and porters--everyone was very friendly and helpful. Like others, we were impressed that the City Inn was so much less expensive that many other hotels that seemed to have comparable amenities. And we were delighted by how clean and modern it was--always a challenge in London. We'd certainly stay again on a future visit	
Sep 25 2009 	Continues to excel but breakfast queues need sorting	Been using the City Inn for years but this was my first stay in a while. Great check in service as usual and I like the iMac upgrades in the rooms for an all in one TV, audio and internet system with wifi free in rooms (how rare is that) with good bandwidth and VPN friendly which is important for business users. Also Sky Sports 1-3 as well.Quiet location in a decent part of London, the 88 bus from just a few yards away will take you to the heart of the West End and Pimlico tube is only about 1k away (5 mins) on the Victoria Line or 2k (10 mins) to Houses of Parliament for Westminster tube.Only noticeable downside this time was the queue for breakfast (I finished up around 8:30 and when I came out around 20 people were standing in line looking more than a little pissed at the wait. Hotel needs to do better here but the food (breakfast and dinner) is great and not wildly expensive.Overall highly recommended	
Sep 24 2009 	Excellent hotel	This hotel is cheaper than a lot of the other top rated London hotels and doesn't look much from the outside. The check in procedure seemed a bit painful but after that, this hotel was very impressive. Its a specially designed building - and brilliantly designed too. Everything is thought of, including things you never would think of! The bathroom included a shower only - but its a good one. The TV is very smart - part of an apple mac with access to the internet which was very handy. The rooms are completely sound proofed. We had breakfast which wasn't cheap but very good. Restaurant service is very good. The bar is great, good atmosphere, food and service. Well worth a visit.The area is ok, near to Victoria/Millbank and we walked to the West End along the river. There is a large estate nearby but seemed ok and we walked through it late at night. The area is generally fine and quiet at weekends in particular. All in all, enjoyed our stay and would recommend!	
Sep 23 2009 	Lovely hotel	Really impressed with the furnishings and the standard of room. As it was my birthday they upgraded us to a suite which was gorgeous and roomy accompnaied by an ipod docking station and a mac. Didnt eat here so not sure about the food but if you're looking for a hotel at a good price and dont mind a 10 minute walk to the tube then this is the one for you! Room service isnt 24 hours tho, well it wasnt when I stayed there.... great hotel tho	
Sep 22 2009 	Lovely hotel with computer in room.	Nice place with clean rooms and fancy lobby. The in room computer was very handy for looking up things to do and places to eat. Quite far from nearest tube station.	
Sep 21 2009 	Fantastic quality hotel in an ideal location	We stayed here for a single night last week whilst visiting London for a concert...and we couldn't have been happier. The hotel is clean, tidy and very modern - something that is fairly unusual for a London hotel where things tend to be artificially old-fashioned and chintzy!We paid £170 for a Club Room, which isn't as cheap as it could be. Still it seems pretty good value for a quality room, and did come with Club benefits ( 1pm checkin, 4pm checkout, free bottle of wine, free chocolates, free bottles of water, etc)The room was well appointed with comfortable bed, nice fitted units and, best of all, an Apple iMac computer with television and DVD system. This worked a treat, although the volume from the JBL surround system was loud even on its lowest setting.Location-wise the hotel is perfect being just a ten minute walk to the nearest tube station - a walk through nice tree-lined streets near the houses of parliament.One last point - when placing my order online I asked for a room towards the top of the 13-storey building...and got one at the very top. It had a fantastic view of the houses of parliament and London Eye, and this really showed that the hotel listens to requests from guests.Overall I was very impressed with the whole experience from the City Inn Westminster, and will absolutely be visiting again soon!	
Sep 19 2009 	exceeded expectations in every way	Looking to treat my wife to a stay in London and opted for a suite. WOW - everything about the hotel exceeded expectations. The difference between a bad, good and exceptional hotel is it's staff and the City Inn staff are incredibly friendly (yet professional). Every single member of staff we came into contact with was brilliant and I mean every single one. I've been in all levels of hotel from the cheapest B&amp;B to best a city offers and I'd expected City Inn to be somewhere just above travelodge/premier inn but it actually would give the best a real run for their money. We booked top floor suite - terrific room with bedroom and separate lounge and great views over the city skyline. Equipped with everything you could think of, two macs with full internet access, mini bar, tea/coffee, iron/ironing board, safe, lovely modern sofa, dining table and chairs etc etc etc.I booked it a couple of months in advance as we were going to see Massive Attack in Brixton and I'd forgotten what I'd booked apart form its location. But when we arrived the list of things included in our rate stay seemed endless - great suite with view, bottle of wine and mineral water in our room, bowl of fresh fruit, hand made chocolates, wonderful big beds, free cocktails in the sexy Millbank lounge, full english breakfast, 10% off the restaurant, silence, early check-in/late checkout...Except for in the top hotels, hotel restaurants can be a bit grim but yet again we were pleasantly surprised by how good this restaurant was. We opted for an early dinner before the concert, and popped into the restaurant before it got busy. Again excellent well trained staff served us lovely food. We went for the 3 course daily market menu which included basil risotto, pave of salmon, fresh ravioli, homemade sorbets, etc all great value ( even more so withe the discount because of our rate). I'd recommend the restaurant even if you weren't staying in the hotel.London is a real lottery when it comes to hotels, often you feel you've been mugged but this is a real gem. I've stayed at 1 Aldwych (an exquisite hotel but with a price tag to match) and I'd put this hotel up there next to it despite it being a quarter of the price.	
Sep 19 2009 	Excellent location value for money.	Stayed five nights on short leisure break in London. Excellent hotel. Good value for a hotel of this quality in central London. Very clean throughout. Efficient and helpful staff if a little formal, but then this is more of a business hotel. Rooms modern with new looking Apple Mac provided but short on storage space for clothes. Would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 19 2009 	Great hotel location and service	I stayed at this hotel Friday to Sunday and found it an excellent choice. We were able to check in early, the room was very good, we used the City Cafe twice for dinner and both meals were very good. The prices were perfectly reasonable. The hotel is in a residential area, very pleasant - there was no traffic noise and very little &quot;corridor noise&quot;. The hotel is in a fab location - just 5mins from the Tate (well worth a visit) and a 12min walk to Houses of Parliament. Pimlico is the nearest Tube, but there are also very frequent buses. Guest services (and infact all the staff) were very friendly and helpful - nothing was too much trouble. We had continental breakfast and the choice was excellent. As a final treat we took a taxi to KingsCross station - it took less than 25mins and cost £15. I would definately stay again.	
Sep 18 2009 	A GREAT hotel!	My wife and I chose to wrap up an eight day trip in London by staying two nights at the City Inn. I could not have been more pleased. After staying in Soho and in Trafalgar Square, we wanted to experience a different side of the city.The hotel is about a 5-10 minute walk from the Pimlico station (Victoria line) for the Tube. From the hotel, a 7-10 minute walk north and you are right at Westminster Abbey, Big Ben and Parliament. Once in this area, the Westminster Tube station is right there. The hotel is also a minute away from the Tate Britain. The hotel itself was a pleasant surprise. A nice lobby and check in was easy. The room was also modern. A huge plus was the iMac with free internet in the room. The monitor also served as the television. May seem odd thing to write about, but with every other hotel trying to cash in on internet access, this was great for checking show times, weather and most importantly; checking in online for the airline.The bathroom was a bit small, but we only needed for the basics. Even the supplied body care products (soap, shampoo, lotion, etc.) was good!The staff was always available, friendly and took great care of us. We had a very early wake up the day of departure and had asked the guest service staff to have a taxi there at 0445 hours. Not only was it there, but there EARLY. The hotel made staying there a great experience.If you don't mind a ten minute walk to get to a Tube station, we would absolutely recommend this hotel!	
Sep 16 2009 	6th stay in 12 months... as good as ever	This is such a find in central London...Spacious rooms, clean bathroom, Imac in your bedroom, handy location, reasonable price, really cool bar, fantastic breakfast (remarkably nice breakfast room), and surprisingly helpful receptionists (try other London hotels for a comparison).You won't find anything better for the price, in fact... you'll not find better elsewhere unless you're paying £250++ per night.A great find in rip-off London.The only negative is that City Inn prices seem to creeping up...	
Sep 14 2009 	brilliant	Fantastic hotel.... went on a recommendation from my parents who had stayed there.Stayed over a weekend for two nights. Although a little pricier, was so worth it for what you get. The location is fantastic, as you are right next the the Tate gallery, which we managed to do on our first afternoon after dropping the bags off.On booking there had been a muck up with the company i had booked through, but the staff were quick at rectifying the problem.The rooms are brilliant, very good use of space and have everything you need, including the Apple Mac's. What a god send they were, for everything from finding where things were in London, to booking the Eye, and shows etc. If you neede to print anything off then a quick call to reception ensured they put it to one side from you to collect free of charge.We ate in the hotels restaurant on the first night, and it was brilliant. The food really was nice, and then afterwards we went up to the bar and drank cockatils. My other half said that they were the best mojitoes he had ever had, and i must say the others we tried were divine.Beds are really comfy, and the breakfast included in our deal really was a winner. To pay for that alone was £24 i think so well worth it if you get a deal with the breakfast included.The location really was good for us, as you can walk to the London Eye, and the Houses of Parliment. Its only about a twenty minute walk and we stumbled across a Battle of Britain monument on theriver bank.As i mentioned next to the hotel is the Tate gallery, and near by is a boat service that travels Tate to Tate.It's only a couple of pound, and really convenient to visit over the other side of the river.Tube station is about a ten minute walk away, but a very pleasant walk at that. BOOK NOW, YOU WON'T BE DISSAPOINTED !	
Sep 11 2009 	fab and fun place to stay	The City Inn Westminster is a stylish and modern hotel ideal for a busy stay in London.Ideal location with Pimlico tube station a few minutes walk, or Westminster a further few minutes away, so you're not too far from the action.The lobby, bar and rooms look great with the modern decor, and the Apple Macs in the rooms are perfect for checking e-mails away from home etc, or planning your tourist route around the city!The staff were very polite and helpful, breakfast was lovely with varied choice and I can recommend the bar on the 1st floor - fab cocktails with only a short crawl back to bed!	
Sep 8 2009 	Very Good.	Stayed 5 nights on a rate of 115 pounds inc breakfast and dinner.Dinner could be upgraded by about 8 pounds to get the full a la carte menu which you needed if staying more than a couple of nights.Requested room with view but did not get it.Mac computer free in every room is brilliant.You can also pay 30 pounds to get a 4pm check out which they kindly allowed to 6pm.This gave virtually another full day for sightseeing for 30 quid. Nice shoer at 5 pm to leave for LHR at 6 pm for a 10 pm flight..ideal.Distance from tube slight hassle but bus outside door if 10 min walk too far.Emails responder to very prompyly.	
Sep 7 2009 	Nice Hotel/Location Unhelpful Management	We stayed here for one night in April 09. The hotel itself was great. It was clean, modern and had an iMac as your main entertainment unit (TV, internet, everything was based off the iMac). I loved the fact that I was able to access Google Maps from my room, as we used it to map out everything before we went, and I would stay here again simply for that luxury. It was slightly dissapointing however that there was no full sized TV in the room, just the computer monitor (approx 17&quot;).The location was good enough. It was in more of a business type area rather than a tourist area, so it was quiet, and you didn't have to worry about being mugged if you were coming off the tube at 1:00am to get back to the hotel. The walk from the nearest tube station really wasn't bad, maybe 10 mins at most (We used Pimlico on the Victoria Line). Also, it's beside the Tate Britain, so if you follow the signs the first time your walking there, it's really easy to find. Could do with a convenience store nearby though.The only thing keeping this hotel from getting a five star review is how they responded to the one bad thing that happened during our stay. As I was getting out of the shower, the lightbulb in the bathroom exploded on me, literally pieces of glass everywhere. I wasn't cut or anything, but when we told the front staff about this they said they'd send a manager up right away to get it cleaned up and to make sure everything was ok. After waiting for half an hour, no one had shown up, so I went down to the desk to see what was going on. The gentleman that I was talking to was quite nice, and went to get a manager, who simply brushed me off and said they'd eventually send someone to clean it up. After much conversing with the original front desk clerk, he found out that the other manager was actually finishing his shift, and just wanted to leave. He then found the guest relations manager, who again brushed me away because &quot;no one was hurt.&quot;At this point it wasn't so much about what had actually happened, as it was about the way I was treated afterward. After about an hour of dealing with various people, we gave up since we had other places to be, and it was obvious no one cared.Eventually the issue was somewhat resolved through an email to their head office, but it would have been much simpler if they had've just sent someone up originally like they had said, especially since at that point it was just an unfortunate accident, no fault of the hotels.Again, other than the customer relations problem, the hotel was great. I do have a few things we noted when we were there, neither positive nor negative, just things we noticed (it's always nice to know, I think):-There was no clock in the room. The only way to have an alarm was through a wake up call, which was not a phone call, it was the staff quietly knocking on the door, as if they didn't want to disturb us.-There are no vending machines in the hotel (nor are there any convenience stores closeby for a midnight snack), only the minibar. The prices seemed a bit high to me (£2.40 for water, £2.50 for juice, £1.30 for a small pack of Pringles, etc).-There was free tea (Chamomile and English Breakfast which were both quite good) as well as a free cookie (which wasn't so good)-We could see the edge of the London Eye out our window, if we opened it as far as it would go and leaned out, but my wife was excited about the 'view'-The towels and robes were very scratchy, not soft at all, but at least this way you know they've been bleached-They let us leave our luggage after check out, which was nice since we still had some sight-seeing to doIf you're from out of country, they like for you to show your passport on check-in. We had left ours with family just outside of London, so they took our Driver's Licenses instead.Oh, and one last little point, this was one of the cheapest hotels we were able to find in London, £99 for the night. In my opinion, very worth it.	
Sep 7 2009 	Absolutely fantastic hotel	I have stayed in this hotel twice and it’s really one of the best I’ve ever stayed at - I literally cannot fault it. The rooms are really simple but modern and slick. The views are fantastic, the beds are amazingly comfortable, and the breakfast is absolutely the best I have ever had, anywhere! I think for the quality of the hotel, the price is very reasonable as well, so I would recommend to anyone.	
Sep 6 2009 	What an amazing hotel!	Wow. Just wow. From the time my nephew and I stepped out of the taxi in front of the hotel and when we checked out, it was top notch service all the way! Of all the hotels I've stayed in, this takes top billing. My nephew and I were lucky to get a room on the 11th floor with a view out to the Thames. And what a room! All modern amenities, well stocked minibar and the iMac computer/entertainment center was a godsend. I'd booked this hotel earlier this year and got a rate of $100 per night (roughly). We were there for 4 nights and DEFINITELY got our money's worth. Also included in our rate was breakfast - and a nice buffet breakfast at that. The food from room service was excellent as well. On one night my nephew had the spaghetti bologanse (I probably spelled that wrong) and a couple of other nights we got the hamburger. Just simply an amazing hotel. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone going to London. Probably the only downside people might find about the hotel is the location to the nearest tube stop (Westminster) - but if you can get over that, then you're all set. Top marks go to everyone who works at that hotel for making our stay an extremely pleasant one!	
Sep 6 2009 	Great stay	Great location, just a 10min walk from the tube. Hotel is very modern and clean. Room was a good size with ensuite shower room and a Mac/TV with free internet access. Our only moan was that the bed was far too soft and we both had really sore backs by the end of our stay. The bar is nice if not a bit pricey. We didn't try the restaurant or gym but they seemed good enough. Overall a good stay, and for the price of £90 per night advance purchase room only we were really impressed with the value for money.	
Sep 6 2009 	What a fabulous hotel	We booked through Onhotels, and all I can say is what a fantastic value for money. The rooms are spacious for London standards, the included breakfast is very delicious, and the hotel is in a great location. The rooms have free internet access which is almost unheard of these days, and a great Apple Mac set up. We were able to walk to the London Eye, 15minute walk to Victoria Station, and a 25minute walk to Buckingham Palace. The tube is close by too.	
Sep 5 2009 	Excellent hotel with superb staff	My girlfriend and I stayed here for her birthday at the beginning of September 2009. We booked through hotels.com and only paid £110 a night which is supeb value for a very nice hotel. Our room was spacious, well equipped and very clean. The hotel is around 5 minutes walk from Pimlico tube (Victoria Line) and around 7 or 8 minutes walk to Westminster tube (Circle, District and Jubilee lines). There is a cab rank outside the hotel and always a few cabs about, into the West end is around £4-5, we went across to Wapping which was around £13.At every stage the staff were superb, friendly and efficient. The breakfast was good with a wide choice of cooked English breakfast or continental with fresh croissants and pastries.The iMac in the room was a great idea.The bar upstairs has a wide variety of drinks, cocktails and whisky, my raspberry mojito was great.All in all superb.	
Sep 5 2009 	Minimalist hotel in great location for sightseeing	The City Inn Westminster was a lovely hotel that was perfect for my purposes. As a solo traveler in London for a short stay this was a great place to start a full day of sightseeing. I didn't spend a lot of time in the room and I don't think this hotel was made for that. It was clean and simple, the staff was friendly and helpful. The breakfast was great, pricey in general but not pricey for a hotel breakfast. By backpacking standards this is a luxury hotel, by luxury hotel standards this is no frills. My only complaint was that the wireless internet didn't work in my room. Thankfully I was not there for a work trip or I would have been in big trouble. The mouse on the computer in the room didn't work either so I struggled to do simple things like check email and the weather. Other than the technological difficulties I had a pleasant experience and would recommend this hotel for someone looking to stay in Central London.	
Sep 3 2009 	Fantastic hotel and service	Myself and my son stayed in this hotel for just one night and we were very impressed. The size of the room was fine and, as everyone else has commented, the imac was really well thought out and something other hotels should consider! We arrived at about 10.30am and we were able to check into our room straight away which gave us plenty of time for mooching around the shops and sightseeing. We didn't book a table in the restuarant for our dinner as we weren't sure what time we would be back. However on our return we just went down to the restaurant and were able to get a table straight away. The food and service were absolutely excellent and even when my son wanted a pudding which was only on the room service menu and not on the restaurant menu they were happy to oblige. Service was polite and not overbearing. We both opted for the steak offer and we weren't disappointed (especially with the bearnaise sauce!)The beds were lovely, clean and comfortable - not sure what else anyone could want?! The shower was very efficient and i thought the towelling robes were a nice touch and something you only normally get at other hotels when you book executive options.The following morning after a very quick and efficient check out we left our bag with the concierge and carried on with our sight seeing. We returned later in the afternoon and had a snack in the Millbank Lounge and again the food and service were faultless.My teenage son was very impressed by the style and looks of the hotel and although someone else on here commented it was like Ikea I think it was a great place to stay and I would definitely stay here again.A definite thumbs up from both of us!	
Sep 3 2009 	Excellent!	The hotel is very modern, the room is very comfortable, with free internet access and Apple computer. The location es awesome! Just a 3 minute walk to Westminster abbey or the Victoria Line (Pimlico station). I really recommend it! I loved it, had a wonderful experience and the staff is very good!	
Sep 3 2009 	A Fantastic Hotel	Our experience of this hotel was superb. From the quality of the room, the service at front desk and breakfast, the location to the great value.Do not consider staying anywhere else.	
Sep 2 2009 	Overall i liked the place	Great location...Great walking.....Close to the river	
Sep 2 2009 	Excellent Value - Great hotel	A little gem in London. Set back from the river and 10 minutes walk to either Pimlico or Westminster, this hotel is both conveniently placed for all London attractions while being in a safe quiet part of town.Great value for a London hotel and what a great breakfast. As a vegeterain, it's great to have such a large variety of cooked food...French toast, Omlettes, Bubble &amp; Squeak etc etc.Rooms are fine and while the bathroom is not the largest, it;'s perfectly adequate and has a lovely power shower. Agree with all the other reviews in that the Imac entertainment system is excellent.Travel advice...if gertting the train into Waterloo, get off at Vauxhall and get the 88 straight to the hotel. Takes 5 minues and saves having to get the tube to Pimlico and walk from there.All in all, excellent hotel, great value and I would definitely stay here again,Adam &amp; Vicki	
Sep 2 2009 	Still Superb!	Our third visit, and still as good as the first! A great addition since last time is the in-room imac which provides TV, internet, music and films all in one. In summary: this is a modern, well presented hotel with superb customer service in a very nice location. Highly recommended!	
Sep 1 2009 	Excellent hotel very good value - will definitely revisit	Stayed here for 2 nights over the August bank holiday weekend. Checking in was a breeze and the room was ready when we arrived (v. early) which was a bonus(we were fully expecting to have to deposit our bags and check in later in the day). Underground parking on site was useful and at £20 per night (weekend rate) was not out of the way. Room was v. good. Only criticism would be that the shower room (no bath) was on the small side but perfectly adequate and was complete with power shower. Hotel staff were extremely helpful (rather a novelty in London from my experience). Breakfast (we opted for continental) was amongst the best we've had. The hotel is in a nice quiet location and is about a 10 min walk away from the nearest tube (Pimlico) and is ideally located for a walk along the Thames - within very easy reach of the Houses of Parliament. Just hope their prices remain competitive as we definitely intend to stay there again.	
Sep 1 2009 	Outstanding value for Central London	As a business traveller I have become used to the glitzy atrium/careworn rooms formula of so many big city hotels but the City Inn was a very pleasant surprise: clean, chic, well-equipped and with friendly service at an extremely competitive price for capital city centre. It will definitely be my first choice for a business hotel in London in future. I might even take my family there for a long weekend and take in the sights like a real tourist, Highly recommended.	
Sep 1 2009 	Fantastic....except for the breakfast	I stayed here with 3 friends (two twin rooms) for a girly weeked in August. We booked the hotel via www.citycentrehotels.com and obtained a very good rate, particularly as the hotel's own website wasn't showing availability on twin rooms.The hotel itself was fantastic - rooms were quite large for London and very modern. The IMAC provided was great as was the option to send things to print to guest services meaning web check-in for flights wasn't a problem. The beds were very comfortable and the rooms were very quiet even though we were on the (albeit fairly quite) road side just above the entrance. The location was fantastic with a bus stop with buses towards Victoria or Oxford St a couple of steps away from the main entrance. The walk to Westminster tube station took about 7-10 mins (Pimlico was closed when we were there). I would however anyway suggest the buses as you see more and it is quite a nice, yet quick ride. If I remember correctly the buses go every 7-10 mins. I prefered the fact that it wasn't directly in the centre of all the tourist sites as it also meant that you didn't have the noise associated with these sites.Our stay could only have been made better by two things:a) the rooms being ready when we arrived at 11.30 (although we do know that officially this is too early for check-in and that with limited twin rooms it isn't always easy, this would have been a &quot;bonus&quot; rather than something we can expect per se).b) the english breakfast did leave quite a lot to be desired. Thankfully the breakfast was included in the room price and we weren't paying £17 extra for it, as I would have otherwise requested a refund. 4 orders were taken by the waiter and when they arrived all 4 were wrong. We quickly sorted this out amongst ourselves but when it came to taste the food also was mediocre. The poached eggs were rubbery and had a metallic taste to them (possibly the London water?), the black pudding was terribly dry and over-peppered even for myself who very much enjoys spiced food. The bacon had also obviously been cooked and stored which left it rubbery (whilst I expect this from a breakfast buffet I shouldn't have to expect it from a &quot;cooked to order&quot; breakfast).So my conclusion would be that I would DEFINATELY stay here again - it is one of the best hotels I have stayed in in London for value for money. I would however NOT take the english breakfast again but - if included in the room rate - take the continental breakfast or eat elsewhere if the breakfast wasn't included in the room rate.	
Aug 30 2009 	Always stay at the City Inn Westminster and it never disappoints	Consistently reliable, clean, funky hotel with Macs in every room...and affordable in London in a great, quiet location. We stayed here recently and unfortunately the fire alarm was pulled in the middle of the night. Everyone had to evacuate the hotel...it was not pleasant, however the staff handled it relatively well and an apology letter was found underneath the door from the hotel manager the next morning. We've stayed at this hotel several times in the past few years and never had the fire alarm go off, so it clearly was a one off incident. The only down side to this hotel - the breakfast is way overpriced and 3 out of the 4 times we've eaten there, the staff have been pretty miserable if not bordering rude, so I can only imagine the restaurant is poorly managed. I wouldn't advise paying the outrageous prices for food thinking you will get great food either...go somewhere else for breakfast but definitely worth a stay.	
Aug 30 2009 	Absolutely Perfect	We have just enjoyed another fantastic stay in the The City Inn and I cannot praise it highly enough. The location, the room, the staff, the food - Oh my God!! The Food!!!!! Everything was Excellent!!!!There was a time when visiting London was a reason to stay in a hotel. Now staying in the City Inn is a reason to visit London. Already planning our next trip.	
Aug 30 2009 	Loved It	The City Inn Westminster is located in a nice quieter area of London. Yet, it is close to all of the action. The rooms were large and modern. I love the free Internet on an Apple Mac computer. (In the room) The continental breakfast was varied and generous. The staff was helpful and friendly. I would recommend this hotel and of course stay there again.	
Aug 26 2009	Excellent	Stayed at the City Inn for two nights in a twin room. Located only 5 minutes from Pimlico tube sation - making the hotel easily accessible. Although the victoria line was suspended during our stay, westminster tube station is located just 10 minutes, provided us with the opportunity to walk along the river Thames and past the houses of parliament . The room was a good size and the beds were very comfortable but, not much wardrobe and drawer space for two people. The hotel has nice extras such a imac, complimentry use of WiFi, bathrobes, malton brown toiletries. Our rate included full english breakfast (made to order), served in the restaurant. Overall our stay was was fantastic . Would stay here again.	
Aug 25 2009 	Outstanding all Round	7 Day family vacation. Beautiful and scenic location for hotel. &quot;Stones throw&quot; from the Thames River. Short/medium walking distance to virtually 90% of what you would want to see in London...a little bit off the beaten path also adds to its appeal. Concierge and restaurant staff were extremely helpful and courteous. Hotel attributes are &quot;modern&quot;. Rooms are very well appointed and the daily housekeeping was excellent. Multi-function Mac computer/TV/DVD is a great idea. Free hot breakfasts included with room are fantastic; a tremendous value for the family (everything from Eggs Benedict to Full English breakfast).	
Aug 25 2009 	First class in every way - accommodation service and food	I stayed here with my mum when on a city trip to see Hairspray which was also fantastic. From first arrival the service was excellent - professional and helpful. We even managed to check in earlier than the stated time. Room was clean, modern and had access to internet on MAC. The hotel had a gorgeous restaurant the food was first class. Breakfast which was hot and also provided continental was superb. From the freshly grounded coffee, to selection of food from traditional english to loch fyne kippers and smoked haddock was first class. Once again the service was prompt, pleasant and professional. Ideal if you are looking for a quiet night sleep but want easy access to main attractions with the Houses of Parliament literally round the corner. First class in every way.	
Aug 25 2009 	Just as good the second time aoround	Just stayed for a long weekend at the City Inn and enjoyed it just as much as our first visit. Very convenient location, super efficient and polite staff, great quality breakfasts, clean and well furnished rooms with excellent TV/IT facilities (an Apple all-in-one system), comfartable bed, didn't hear a thing from any other room/corridoor (contrary to last reviewer), really good relaxing bar with very fair prices (£2.99 for a pint of Amstel lager), etc. etc. etc. All in all another great stay that would certainly make us look at other City Inns first if we visited cities where they have them.	
Aug 22 2009 	Noisiest hotel Ikea Travel lodge Tourist Trap	Stayed on the 11th floor and come 6am the noise is unbearable. All you can hear is a constant banging of doors as if someone is trying knock the building down.Every single door in the corridor must be faulty. I checked mine and the damper on the door just serves to slam it shut under force.Its like a cheap Ikea flat pack hotel with cheap tacky fittings that obviously break.If you intend not to rise at 6am stay away from this place, it is horrendous.	
Aug 22 2009 	Clean contemporary friendly good value for money	Very clean, excellent service, very friendly staff, good food at good value, stayed there Sat/Sun for Theatre break, walking distance through nice surroundings to Victoria Theatre (15 min) through back roads.Took the pre theatre dinner, very good value and excellent food. Visited the hotel bar afterwards, nice and quiet surrounding.Breakfeast was very good as well, Sun till 11am. Room very clean, only bed on small side. But apple flatscreen with free internet access!Would stay there again.	
Aug 21 2009 	Great hotel chosen entirely due to Trip Advisor reviews	We have just enjoyed a three day midweek break in two very pleasant standard double rooms which were an amazing £104 per room per night including a very good full breakfast (normally £17.50) which was booked through hotelconnect.com.The City Inn is a modern hotel in the Millbank area of Westminster.This is certainly the best hotel we have stayed in in London and would recommend it to others who do not wish the pomp and ceremony of older formal hotels.Many tourist attractions are within a 20 minute walk and for us not being next to a tube station (Pimlico is about 8 minutes walk away) was not a problem.It's worth noting that the drawer space is fairly limited but everything else is positive and we will certainly be going back so thank you to Trip Advisor and all the reviews!M. Potter (Mrs) (N.Staffordshire)	
Aug 21 2009 	Excellent	Stayed here for one night. Deal was room and breakfast. Great hotel. Located near Tate Britain but within walking distance of Westminster and local buses. Room was fine, iMac system worked well and wonderful to have free Internet access. We went down to breakfast at 8.15 as it was a Sunday morning and it was very busy. Slight mix up - served tea instead of coffee and no scarmbled eggs with my smoked salmon. But service was quick and friendly. One of the nicest hotels in London that I've stayed in.	
Aug 21 2009 	Superb!	We stayed in mid-Aug and unusually for London, the weather was fantastic for the whole 5 days we were there!This meant that we were out every waking minute, and as such, had very little use for the excellent facilities the hotel &amp; room offered. Our teenage children though, really appreciated being able to get in at the end of the day and chat with their friends on their usual 'social networking' sites about the days events....as did my wife and I for booking tickets etc - all free via WiFi or the iMac entertainment centre which combined as a computer, TV - with Sky Satellite which I daren't use or we would NEVER have got out as it was the start of the football season.... :-) and a DVD player with a good choice of free movies!There was also a free safety deposit box that our 15inch laptop could fit into for safe storage whilst we were out, and a small drinks fridge with a choice of beer, spirits etc for when you fancy a quick tipple without having to go to the stylish contemporary bar!One thing we noticed was how incredibly polite and friendly EVERY SINGLE member of staff was....and it was a genuine friendliness - not at all 'put on'.....and really enhanced the stay!All in all then, I'd say this was the ideal hotel for your stay in London - certainly the best we have stayed in... and we will most definitely stay here again on our next visit to the city......HIGHLY RECOMEND!	
Aug 17 2009 	Modern hotel with free in-room iMac was perfect for us!	(I tend to be a &quot;glass half full&quot; person so consider that when reading my review.)My son and I were visiting London for the first time from the US. The room was not huge (most urban rooms are not) but it was very efficiently designed. We each had a twin bed (pushed together in the space of a queen or king) but I never knew my son was beside me--it was very comfortable. The beds each had a fluffy duvet with no top sheet (that's how the males in our house prefer it anyway); however the duvet cover was thin and was changed with the sheets for each new guest. The A/C was easy to control; I have no idea if the adjacent rooms were noisy because I turned on the fan during the night and never heard a peep from outside our room. The bathroom was small but nice--a shower gel dispenser was in the shower and the bath towels were large and fluffy. The shower head height was adjustible and the water pressure was great. The best part of our room was the iMac--I downloaded photos each day to iPhoto and posted them on a website for friends and family to see. The iMac stores your data while you are using the room (photos, for example) and when you leave, you shut it down and your data is erased. I was afraid I would have to save everything to a flash drive but that was not necessary. I talked to several American tourists who were had either no internet service or if they did it was very pricey. They implied that the &quot;traditional&quot; hotels in the area were not as service-oriented as they were used to. Our stay included either a continental breakfast or a full English breakfast. I tried the full English breakfast one morning just to say I had but the other days I had the continental. It was wonderful--they had cheese and tomato croissants, a cheese tray, a meat tray, pastries, toast, fresh fruit and juices (and I'm probably leaving something out because that's just what I had)! The only thing I would change would be to move the hotel a few blocks closer to an Underground Station! The weather was great so my son and I walked back and forth (about a five minute walk) to Pimlico Station and we walked the other direction (maybe 10 minutes) to Westminster Abbey and The Palaces at Westminster (Houses of Parliament). The hotel is in a quiet business neighborhood (it's right across the street from Thames House--sshh--I'm sure they got plenty of security camera footage of me) but there is a pub called The Westminster about two blocks away if you want pub food.All in all, I will DEFINITELY stay there if I ever go to London again!	
Aug 16 2009 	nice hotel	I have to say that out of all the hotels we stayed in England, this was by far the best! The rooms were nice, the staff was nice and the beds were comfortable. the only problem we had was the the edge of the wall in the suit was missing the molding and my daughter fell and really hurt herself on the edge. I told them about it. Other then that, I would love to return.	
Aug 13 2009 	One of my favourite hotels!	This hotel was one of the best parts of our trip to Europe. Perfect location, better price than most hostels (for private doubles) and great amenities such as a computer and free dvds to borrow. I would recommend this to anyone - regardless of travel budget!!	
Aug 11 2009 	I will not look anywhere else the next time i'm in London	The title says it all really, the hotel is clean, modern and in an excellent location. Unless you walk VERY VERY slowly it is only a 5 minute walk to Pimlico station and 10 minutes to Westminster Station.We arrived at the hotel about 9:30AM and we were able to check in immediately! No fuss, no waiting. we had been up to our room got change and was walking past Big Ben by 10AM!The rooms are well equipped and as previous posts have stated the bed is so comfortable! The bathroom was a little small but it was spotlessly tidy and the shower was warm and powerful! The rooms also have an ironing board and an iron, tea and coffee making facilities along with a wide range of teas and coffees. The next time my wife and I are in London I will certainly stay at the CIty Inn Westminster.	
Aug 10 2009 	GREAT hotel - Avoid the restaurants and bar	Wonderful accommodations, staff and very convenient location. There is an excellent Italian restaurant just around the corner from the hotel. Eat there or at the Tate Britain just out the front door. NOT at the hotel. Bus stops are just out the front door and it's a short hop to Victoria Station by bus.Avoid the restaurant and bar at all cost. I was served fish so rotten that the smell of ammonia was almost overwhelming. A subsequent order took over an hour to arrive and I had to remind wait staff. The food is beautifully presented but the ingredients are not the best. The hotel and restaurant may not be under the same management. Service in the bar is also slow even on uncrowded evenings.If it were not for the hotel restaurants, I would give this City Inn 5 star rating.	
Aug 8 2009 	Wonderful..... the ONE we will stay next time..	The breakfast is certainly the PLUS with our three nights staying. My husband and I did the hotel popping to enjoy different area of London for our one week holiday. The location, the iMac, and the service is so satisfactory , therefore, it is sure the best of three hotels without question. All the reviews are so true with this hotel. Thank you all....	
Aug 8 2009 	One of the best London hotels!	I stayed at the City Inn Westminster with my partner for our anniversary in August 2009. I knew the hotel but had never stayed there before. A few months ago I found a very inexpensive rate of £79.00 per room per night incl. VAT and full English breakfast on OctopusTravel and booked it immediately. I did not regret it!The City Inn Westminster is a wonderfully elegant, modern and clean hotel in a good location between Westminster and Pimlico tube stations. However, it is a 10-to-15-minute walk to either of them. Nevertheless, we thoroughly enjoyed our stay: The hotel rooms are quite spacious, all of them equipped with an iMac entertainment system (free internet access, also free Wi-Fi) and one of the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in. It was hard to get up in the morning! :-)The continental brekafast is not very impressive; however, the English breakfast was delicious. It is not a buffet breakfast, but is prepared individually and served, which we really appreciated. The hotel also boasts a fitness room, a very nice bar and restaurant, a DVD and CD collection for free entertainment on your room and much more.The staff were all friendly and efficient, yet not too pushy either. I must say for this price this is probably the best you can get in London. I definitely recommend this hotel to everyone (business traveller, families and couples); just know that it is mainly a business hotel, and you can expect the looks of a business hotel. Do not expect an old-fashioned English hotel; this is a contemporary hotel with everything you need for a relaxed stay in the Big Smoke.	
Aug 6 2009 	Very Impressed	My husband and I stayed at the City Inn Westminster as we were celebrating our first wedding anniversary on the 2nd August. We decided to stay here sightsee and also went to the theatre to see Mamma Mia. We had a standard room on the second floor (room 231) and I was more than happy with it - clean, comfortable and all modern. My husband, who is very into his electronics was very impressed with the iMAC computer in our room that also doubled as an entertainment system. We ate in the restaurant on the Friday night and this was very nice indeed, staff very friendly and prompt service. Breakfast on the Saturday morning was wonderful, every conceivable item you could possibly want for breakfast! I would recommend that you don't leave it too late for breakfast especially if you are staying at the weekend, as it does get very busy. We found the hotel fairly central and the tube station is close by. Overall I would definitely go back because the service was excellent, food excellent, rooms very nice.	
Aug 5 2009 	LOVE LOVE LOVE this Hotel	I love everything about this Hotel, the bar is lovely for a few quiet drinks before heading out. The restaurant is lovely too and the rooms are great for any reason - business or leisure. The staff are very friendly and helpful. I have stayed at this Hotel numerous times and I would 100% stay again. Look out on the website for any special deals if you are looking to save some money - these are normally quite good when watching the pennies.	
Aug 3 2009 	Stylish and modern comfort in a great part of London	Just returned from a weekend staying at the City Inn, as part of a large wedding party.The hotel is chic and stylish - the simple, modern decor is light, bright and funky. There were plenty of staff on reception, meaning that although the hotel was bustling with people, we were checked in quickly and efficiently. Our early check-in request was accommodated with no problems at all.Our room on the 9th floor was not huge, but an absolutely fine size for the length of our stay. Impressed with the Mac entertainment system in the room, which worked a treat and made the stay extra-enjoyable...we like to be tech'd up!Room was very clean, the bed really comfortable, good towels and bathrobes, ironing facilities, a nice range of brewing-up stuff and a decent shower (no bath, but that was fine with us).Lifts up to the rooms were quick!The bar area (Millbank Lounge) was comfortable and funky - lots of red and black, low-level sofas. Worth noting that it was not open on Sunday, so there wasn't a large area to relax and read the papers after breakfast on Sunday morning. The lobby lounge area was full very quickly.Breakfast was very well cooked. A lovely choice from the menu and just enough on the plate to satisfy but not over-facing. A good range of fruit and cereals, plus bakery items was on offer. If you can head down early (pre-9am) you will beat the rush. As we were leaving there was a very long queue. Waiting staff at breakfast were very good, especially considering how busy it was. The hotel is a short walk from the Thames and it's an easy stroll to the touristy spots along the South Bank as well as the Houses of Parliament. But, as the hotel itself is set away from the river and main roads, it feels quiet and away from the hustle and bustle you'd get at a hotel in the West End.	
Aug 3 2009 	Cool hotel and excellent value for money	Stayed here in March 09 during a business trip. Very impressed with hotel room - it was modern, comfortable and clean. Staff were helpful and friendly. Location is convenient for Westminster and central London. Breakfast was delicious and the restaurant is light and airy. I was very very pleasantly surprised by the City Inn and will highly recommend to friends and colleagues.	
Aug 2 2009 	PERFECT location Loved the room!	We had never been to London before and we're having a hard time deciding where to stay. We got a really good deal on Expedia for $127/ night. It was so worth it. The location is so close to everything. You are a couple blocks from Westminister Abby and the Parliment. Everything else stems from there. You can walk a couple blocks to Lambeth bridge and get a nice view of the London eye and Parliment. Super easy to get to all the sights- But not in the hussel and bussel of busy London. This hotel is sort of tucked back just a little so you feel almost part of the neighborhood. The hotel restaurants are a bit spendy but there are a few great restaurants in close proxemity, as in walk around the corner. There was a great spot called (can't remember the name, but started with an &quot;S&quot; like Saporros???) that I walked to one morning and picked up a take out full english breakfast for under 4 GBP's and they were very nice- threw in some fruit too. If you are traveling with a baby or small child that have baby cots that are a pack-n-play. There is Cost Cutters grocery 2 blocks up if you need any baby essentials, also a great place to stock up on Beer etc to avoid mini bar charges. Next to the Cost Cutters is Pret A Manger that has wonderful takeaway food as well. Also- for small kids there is a playground in Victoria Gardens and the Juntion of Lambeth Bridge. Its a short walk and we stopped there everyday to let our 10 month old son swing on the swings.The room itself is spacious by London standards, and is well appointed. There are Robes, and Very large bath towels- and a shower gel pump in the shower.The bathroom is small but nicely designed. And the best part is the Apple computer in the room- it was the internet and TV. No additional charge for internet and there is a DVD library at the concierge's desk too.We did eat in the Cafe and it was yummy- but spendy and left you a little hungry. There are so many other great places w/in walking distance- Save your money and explore those.We Love, Love, LOVED this hotel and loved the location even more. Will stay here again!	
Aug 2 2009 	Great	I arrived at the City Inn taking the tube. Finding the hotel was a bit cumbersome not knowing London all that well, but after some walking I found it.Reception was great. I arrived early so there were no clean rooms available, so the receptionist upgraded me to a better room for no charge. The room was clean, had everything I needed, including the mac which was a nice feature. The bathroom was good although a bit small. The hotel had everything I required though.I stayed there for two nights, and there was no noise what so ever, and all questions I had to the personell was dealt with politely and quickly. The breakfast was good, although there were many people after 10am Saturday, so it was very hectic. The selections were good.Right next to the hotel was also a great pizza-place which I ate at, and that was also very good. I also visited the hotel lounge, and that was also very good with a good selection of drinks and foods. The dinner I had had too much roquefort on it for my taste, but probably I did not read the menu well enough. The atmosphere was great, the clientele was great and the waiters were superb.Definitiely recommendable while staying in London. The only real minus is that you have to walk 10 minutes to Westminister Tube Station and 5-6 minutes to Pimlico Tube Station. Outside of that, it is really good.	
Jul 31 2009 	Fantastic!	This hotel is fantastic, could not fault it. Staff were brilliant, breakfast was ace, rooms were immaculate and excellent value for money. We got a great deal at this hotel, considering it is in London, we got way more than we should have done for what we paid for it! First class! Lovely, easy ten minute walk to the tube station, to walk off your breakfast! Staff were outstanding and the bar is gorgeous. Would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting London, and this will certainly be our first choice should we find ourselves heading down that way again.Thank you City Inn Westminster for making our stay so enjoyable!	
Jul 30 2009 	Perfect!	Unfortunately we only got to stay at the City Inn Westminster for one night. The hotel, while a bit out of the way from major attractions, was quiet, clean, comfortable, modern, and the perfect way to end our UK trip. All of your needs are met and the modern amenities were a welcome sight. (All rooms fitted with iMac stations.) Service was remarkable and the staff went out of their way to help us when we had some other travel related issues crop up. There is a constant line of taxis waiting out front to take you wherever you need to go and you are only a few minutes walk from Pimlico station. A Pizza Express is a short walk from the hotel and there is a restaurant attached as well. We had a lovely lunch outdoors at the City Cafe.	
Jul 29 2009 	A winning formula - will definitely be back when next in London	We have spent a lot of money on London hotels - some excellent, some appalling.....we stayed recently at an establishment which cost pretty much the same as the City iInn but it felt cheap and screamed 'budget' - not so here....the rooms are basic but exceptionally clean and not cramped, there are some really nice touches, the mac in the room with free internet/doubles as a TV DVD player - excellent. White Company toiletries - again, a welcome touch compared with other 'budget' hotels where the toiletries are generally of the 'washing up liquid' variety. Breakfast was served by helpful, cheerful staff - could have been smoother as we had to ask for more fruit/cheese etc. to be put out. Bread only appeared when we had finished. The only criticism I could make would be the speed of re-stocking of breakfast items and maybe the bed could be a bit bigger, on the small side for two. Overall, we really enjoyed the formula this hotel has come up with - budget but not 'cheap' - we will definitely be staying again next time in London.	
Jul 28 2009 	Everything it claimed to be - great hotel	We stayed there for a weekend while catching up with friends and thoroughly enjoyed it. Everything was lovely - the location,the room, the staff, the entertainment system, the little touches like the ice bucket and ice machine, the beds, the soundproof windows, the air conditioning system, the White toiletries and the yummy buffet breakfast.We got a great deal with www.hotelsclick.com and I would highly recommend this hotel to friends.	
Jul 28 2009 	A great value in London	We staying in the suite because we were traveling with a grown child and did not want to pay for 2 rooms. The living room was very spacious, so there was lots of room for a rollaway bed. Both rooms had computers, the bathroom is very spacious, the concierge was friendly and helpful. They gave us complimentary fruit and wonderful chocolate. And because there is a dining table in the room, we were able to have takeout lunches dinners from the grocery store when we tired of restaurant dining. This saved us money as well.	
Jul 28 2009 	Stop reading about it and just book it!	A no-brainer, as long as you're happy with the location. Why can't every city have one of these hotels? Deserves all the 4* and 5* reviews it gets, and I'm happy to add to the long list.	
Jul 27 2009 	The Coffee has improved	Went back to the City Inn for a weekend break - we like it because of it's location (away from the crowds) and for a city centre hotel its peace and quiet. Breakfast coffee now tastes of coffee!!!!!	
Jul 23 2009 	Great value and quality in great location	Weekend stay certainly offers value for money. Nice style to hotel. Rooms very clean and entertaimment facilities were great (internet access etc in room, without having to drag your laptop with you).Brisk 5 min walk from Westminster, bus goes from almost outside hotel into west end.Would happily stay again, would be reluctant to pay mid week rate though.	
Jul 23 2009 	cant recommend enough	arrived at the hotel on monday after booking through bookinhotels.com(DO NOT USE EVER!)turns out they cancelled the reservation without telling me and never refunded me.the hotel went out of their way to assist us with this. The manager Adam even matched the rate they had given us and gave us a room even though the hotel was fully booked.The staff were extremely helpful and friendly.the room was lovely. small but clean and a great view of the river. breakfast was excellent.Location great. Pimlico is sligthly nearer then westminster tube but would recommend westmister as nicer walk and its on more tube lines.i Will definatly stay at this hotel again.	
Jul 22 2009 	Great weekend away	We just spent the weekend at City Inn Westminster, and I would highly recommend it to anyone looking to get away in London. The CityInn offers very competitive weekend rates which include full breakfast. Check in was great, so was the room - modern and clean. We had a late lunch in the bar which was lovely, and it was nice that it made food all day, as well as afternoon tea and drinks from the bar. The breakfast in the morning was wonderful, and all of the cooked food was made to order. All the staff worked very hard to make sure you had great coffee, fresh toast and any extras you required. The cocktail bar was also open in the evening and specialize in making all sorts of wonderful cocktails. It was nice that the bar was very busy in the evening, part of this can be attributed to the nice atmosphere, and the good quality and prices of food and drinks. Overall, we had an absolutely wonderful stay and will return.	
Jul 21 2009 	High-tech hotel	The hotel offers an iMac with free internet access in the room which is great when you think that other hotels charge quite a lot of money for their wireless. Wifi is also free of charge in the hotel so you can bring your own laptop too. The room is quite large, but the bathroom is really small. We had a twin room and I must say that these beds are too small for adults... Our rate included full English breakfast so we ate in the restaurant. The hotel is keen on using technologies so the waitress had a small iPaq to take the order. The only negative point is that you have to order your English breakfast, the buffet offers only continental breakfast. That's a bit annoying if you want to have more eggs or more beans or whatever, you need to order again. 1 thing to underline, this hotel is one of the few that I know which offers real fresh orange juice, really good and what a difference! Concerning the location, it's max. 10 minutes away from Pimlico (direct line to King's Cross St Pancras) and you have the C10 in the street (going to Victoria) and the 88 (going to Vauxhall). Try to find a good rate (we paid 99GBP all in/night) because this hotel can be quite expensive ...	
Jul 20 2009 	Great stay	Booked the City Inn Westminster for a birthday surprise for my partner as we'd previously had good stays in City Inns in both Bristol and Birmingham. Lovely and spacious (for central London) room on 5th floor with nice views over Tate Britain, super-comfortable bed, all amenities included; had a good night's sleep! Breakfast was great too with plenty of choice and attentive staff in spite of the Sunday morning crowds. At about £100 all in, not bad value either. The hotel is a really easy walk from Westminster and the Houses of Parliament so location is excellent too.A hidden attraction is an underground car park which is not really promoted on their website at £20 a night; just ask at the desk. If public transport or parking is an issue, it's not an overly-expensive option either BUT the spaces and clearance are scarily restricted so leave the Range Rover at home, as you should :)All in all, this hotel really deserves it's position at the top-end of the Tripadvisor London hotel list and with another due to open around the Tower of London, savvy travellers will be spoilt for choice!	
Jul 20 2009 	Excellent Hotel and Value in London UK	Great Hotel, would definitely recommend. Chic, modern design. Bed very comfortable, room and all public areas very clean. Service staff outstanding. This is a wonderful place to stay in London without spending a small fortune. There's never a free lunch and there is one feature about the hotel you should note. It is 10 minutes by walk from Pimlico, 12 - 15 from Westminster, so it can not be said that the hotel is centrally located. If this is not an issue, then you will get a better hotel, staff, room, everything than you would for MUCH less money. The all in one use of an apple computer in every room to access internet, TV, and radio is commendable (no charge). Overall Highly recommended! Book this hotel. Note: I have stayed at the City Inn Glasgow and City Inn Birmingham and these properties are similar -- they use the same winning formula.	
Jul 19 2009 	Fantastic reasonably priced London hotel	We have stayed here almost every time we've come down to London for a weekend away. Its never disappointed and always seems to be improving. The rates are great for accommodation in London as is the upscale quality of the rooms not to mention the Mac computers that are now a feature of every room as they serve as a TV, DVD player and computer. Its in a beautiful part of the city as well just about a 10 minute walk south of Parliament. The only complaint I have is the breakfast service was staffed by apathetic people who seemed quite unhappy in general, and the breakfast prices were outrageous, so I would either get it included in your rate or go elsewhere. I can definitely say we'll be there again...	
Jul 15 2009 	This Hotel is Just Great	Hubby &amp; I stayed at the City Inn in Westminster in London for (sadly) only one night at the end of a brief trip to Italy. Hoorah, in the City Inn we could make a cuppa in our room. In contrast to our stuffy Italian hotel, we had robes, an ironing board and a clean high power shower for our use. We slept in a really comfortable bed and what's more had an i mac in our room which doubled as a tv with FREE internet connection. On top of this we were welcomed warmly to the hotel and treated to the best hotel breakfast....as well as full usual buffet try the kedgeree, fried kippers or black pudding. Breakfast was included at a fantastic weekend rate of only 98 pounds. This hotel advertises itself as the way modern hotels should be and we agree completely. Well done City Hotel.	
Jul 14 2009 	Excellent stay at City Inn Westminster	Have used the Manchester hotel but decided to try the London branch of this chain. Good room rate especially as all rooms have air-con (vital for a hot few days in the capital). No bath but not a problem for me. Room well maintained and Mac in each room is so useful.Excellent staff - friendly and efficient. Breakfast ran like clockwork - buffet well stocked and hot food cooked to order arrived in no time.A good 5 to 10 min walk from tube (Pimlico) and in quiet area. Handy for the Tate and Parliament but away from main tourist areas so you'll either walk miles are take a bus/tube/cab - the bonus is you shouldn't be woken by street noise.	
Jul 14 2009 	Nice modern comfortable hotel	Just spent two nights at the City Inn. Very modern and comfortable. Took a while to get used to the imac system and it would have been good to have movies on demand, instead of going to reception and using a DVD library. Overall, very impressed from check in to check out, good cooked breakfast and had a nice evening meal in the city cafe on one of the evenings. Drinks at the bar are a tad expensive, even by London standards. Location is the only problem for a leisure traveller as everything is a cab ride away or quite a long walk.	
Jul 13 2009 	Should be reccomended	Stayed at City Inn for 4 nights. The hotel looks very modern and the staff is professional and freandly. I had a double room which was modern decorated and furnished. The room itself was medium sized: not big not small... The hotel is located in quiet Westminster area. The closest tube/mtro stations are in 5-10 minutes walk: I was using mainly the Westminster station which is right in the front of Parliament. Each room in this hotel has Mac computers installed with free internet access. The hotel has Wi-Fi connection, however, all my attempts to connect my Windows laptop were unsucsefful. Anyway, overall impression is positive. Would highly reccomend for those who prefer staying in the quate downtown area of London within short walking dictance from main attractions.	
Jul 13 2009 	Fantastic affordable hotel - would definitely stay here again!	I stayed here one night with my mum as she ran the London 10k race on Sunday. Perfect location in Westminster. I was very surprised to find this hotel available (and at a good price) as we only booked it 2 nights before the stay. The hotel is very modern and still feels 'new.' Reception, and restaurant staff extremely friendly and polite (well trained) I left my phone charger in the room when we checked out, and when I phoned them the next day to ask about this, they were extremely friendly on the phone and offered to send it back to me free of charge, straight away. The room itself was very spacious and with an imac computer that works the TV / internet / ipod, etc. There are free DVD's and CD's at reception that you can borrow to watch in your room!The only thing (if anything) I would say could be better, is that there are not many shops / restaurants etc nearby. There is a pizza express next door to the hotel, but other than this you need to walk a little bit. However saying this, you are a 10min walk to the millennium eye, less that this to Westminster Abbey, Big Ben, etc. with tube stops within 5-15 mins. This is the first review I've written as I feel this hotel is a quiet gem. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 12 2009 	Excellent Choice	We stayed at the City Inn Westminster for two nights at the beginning of July and thought it was a superb choice. Our Room was clean with excellent air conditioning and a really comfortable bed with the usual choice of pillows. The bathroom (without bath!!) had an excellent shower and &quot;White Company&quot; tolietries which my fiance has assured me are top of the range.A plus for anyone who hates to pay for e-mail is that all rooms have an I-mac with free internet access plus the usual amount of tv stations.We ate in the bar late one night and thought that although it was quite expensive the food was very good. The one drawback in the bar is that drinks were really expensive although you have to accept this a little in London. One thing you must not miss is in breakfast which was plentyful and very tasty.Although the nearst underground station (Pilmico) is only on one line you are only five minutes away from Victoria which is a good hub and the walk is only a few minutes from the hotel. Alternatively you are a 15 minute walk from Westminster and Big Ben.Overall if you are able to get a room in the City Inn for less than £120 I would highly recommend it and fully intend to stay on my next visit to the capital.	
Jul 12 2009 	Very good value hotel with excellent staff	A suprisingly good hotel for the price paid.Not ideally situated for the West End but, being keen walkers, we enjoyed the walk. Very convenient for Houses of Parliament and Big Ben and also within 10 - 15 mins walking distance of St James' Park.The reception area was very busy when we arrived but they had about 5 receptionists so check-in was completed quickly and efficiently. Public areas and bedrooms are spotlessly clean. Bedrooms are larger than average for the price paid and are quite minimalist and modern in style. Bathrooms are quite small but have everything that you need.Breakfast was excellent and was included in the special deal price that we paid.The best thing about this hotel is the attitude of the staff. Everyone was so helpful and friendly.	
Jul 12 2009 	Lovely 	Have just stayed one night at the Westminster, City Inn. A good 10 min walk from Westminster tube station, but location very central and buses nearby anyhow. Lovely quiet street and so no noise from traffic. A very modern hotel with all the latest technology in the rooms. The room and bathrooms are very spacious, very comfortable and have air con. The bed and pillows are so comfy - I had the best night sleep ever! The price of the room is very reasonable for a 4 star hotel in central London, look out for deals on lateroom.com. If you are looking for a modern but quiet Hotel in central London -this is the one!	
Jul 11 2009 	great as always. my most favourite hotel chain	i've stayed previously at the Manchester City Inn and so was looking forward to a work conference at the Westminster city Inn, as i knew what to expect. i was not disappointed. Everything is perfect, from the bed, to the i-mac system, to the bathroom - although the Westminster one did feel a little dated (not much though) compared to the Manchester hotel.The service in the busy bar was the one thing that let it down though - the millbank lounge is a great bar to have a catch up in, but they seemed to have a real lack of bar staff and we had to wait 10-15 mins to get a drink.Look forward to my next stay!	
Jul 10 2009 	Great modern hotel	This hotel in Westminster has everything you need and more. Hotel room was clean and airconditioned and you can't hear a thing from other rooms. Having the mac in the room was a great convienence (you can print to the service desk if needed - was helpful with electronic tickets) and room to move around was nice as well - some London hotels are very cramped. We ordered room service one night and the food was very good and reasonably priced. I would recommend adding the breakfast buffet to your hotel room rate as you get it at a discount in advance and they serve breakfast until 11am, so if you are like me and don't get up really early while you are on holiday, you can still take advantage of the buffet. There didn't seem to be a lot right near the hotel as far as restaurants/bars , but the tube stop (Pimlico) is only a 5 minute walk and there is a convience store and a news store just a couple blocks away (on way to the tube). Great customer service/friendly staff.	
Jul 9 2009 	How Good is This!	We have stayed at the City Inn several times before. I suspect that it is one of the best - run hotels in London. Everything is efficient yet friendly. The rooms are excellent as are all the room facilities - Apple Mac computer station, free wifi etc. The cleanliness is also above reproach. We haven't eaten in the Restaurant yet,apart from breakfast, but if Dinner is as good as the breakfast it will be superb.As far as where it is - it's very close to The Houses of Parliament, Westminster Abbey, Tate Britain and the river. Nearest tubes are Pimlico (5 min walk) and Westminster (10 min walk).	
Jul 7 2009 	Nice business or pleasure hotel	Stayed here for 3 weeks in June. I won't bore you by repeating what everyone else has said. The pictures people have posted are very accurate. The rooms are a good size, but the bathrooms are quite cramped, only had showers, but were fine otherwise. Initially the towels were typical burlap rough hotel towels, but midway into my stay they switched out to all new ones everywhere. Nice and soft ones. Small thing, but nice.The beds &amp; linens were comfortable. Only thing missing from the room was a clock. I use my iPhone anyway for an alarm, but just be aware. iMac in the room for TV &amp; general computer use was great. Free wired &amp; wireless access is available in the room. Speed wasn't great... but was fine for general web browsing/email and even VOIP.Highlights of the hotel (beyond the spartan but nice clean rooms) was the staff &amp; room service. I was here long enough, with plenty of tired nights back from a long day in the office I used room service quite a bit. Food is high quality and very nicely prepared. I would highly recommend the tomato and onion salad (balsamic on the side) and the burger. I tried many things, and other than a lackluster spaghetti, everything was beyond what I usually see for room service.Rooms were very quiet, I couldn't hear any neighbors or hallway noise at all. Awesome. A/C unit worked well.Some may consider the location a con, but if you don't mind walking for 10 minutes, the location is great. No places to eat/drink that are very close however. There is a small grocery 10 minute walk away (Tesco express).Service was always very friendly and competent. Exercise room was nicely fitted out as well.I travel to London a good bit, and this is my new favorite business hotel. Not luxury by any means... but modern (most London hotels seem stuck in the 70s), quiet, and has everything to make for a nice stay.	
Jul 7 2009 	A great stay	After a previous stay in this hotel in June I left a review on this site which I felt was honest. By and large we do like this hotel but we had a bit of a bad breakfast experience. Anyway, Simon Morpuss, the manager, contacted me and was very apologetic that we had had a bad experience and assured us that everything would be done to ensure our feedback was acted on. He also confirmed that on our return we would be upgraded to a suite at no extra cost, which was great.As a consequence we were looking forward to our trip (to see Take That at Wembley Stadium) and weren't disappointed at all this time - we had an excellent stay. On arrival we were introduced to the duty manager and the City Cafe general manager, both of whom were lovely and went out of their way to make us feel welcome. The check in staff were also really nice (as always though I have to say). The room was great, with a separate living area, nice big bed and nice bathroom. Two i-macs too, one in each room. Yay! :-)We had a great nights sleep and a nice lie in (something we don't normally get having two young children...but they weren't with us) and a lovely breakfast. Once again, the City Cafe general manager, Kemal, came to talk to us over breakfast. He's a really nice guy and made us feel like we were being well looked after. So all in all it was a real return to form.My only regrest is that we weren't staying longer. One night was too short a time when the hotel was so great and the weekend itself was so lovely. We were sad to have to come home and back to reality (and work) again. Still, we'll be back again soon enough...	
Jul 6 2009 	Excellent facilities and service	Spent a couple of nights here while visiting London on business. Staff at reception, in the restaurant and at check out were all very friendly and helpful. Room decor is very stylish and modern with integrated iMac / entertainment centre, as well as free wifi for your own PC. Prices for breakfast, other meals and drinks seem a little high, but are probably in line with other central London hotels.	
Jul 5 2009 	Hotel just like the reviews said :)	Stayed over at this hotel for the first time a few days ago, whilst at a concert in London. Found it via one of the usual money saving sites and checked it out on here, then booked it as so many great reviews; we got a great deal (i think!) - 2 rooms in a 4 * hotel with full breakfast (usually £19 pp) for under £200!! I can honestly say we were not dissapointed and will be returning there again am sure. The staff were friendly and helpfull throughout our stay, as they were the day before when i called offered to try to get us into a our rooms earlier then the 3pm check in if needed or look after our bags for us. The rooms were great with everything you need, clean and quiet. The bar was a lttle pricey but it is london i guss! I was pleasently surprised how quiet the hotel room was at night and the breakfast in the morning was lovely - best black pudding i have had in years with the full english. A seperate check out would prehaphs be good as unfortunatly a coach load of people arrived to check in just as i was trying to leave which delayed things a bit, but no ones fault. As people have said its about a 10 min walk from either Pimlico or Westminster tube - personally i prefered the walk to westminster alon the river and by the Houses of Parliment. Tate Britian is just a miniute or so from the hotel (towards Pimlico) and well worth spending an hour or so looking around (nice sandwiches too!) To put this review into context: we work as nurses in the NHS so are a middle income, ordinary family who like to make savings where we can but also like a bit of quality - if your similar to us you will love this place.	
Jul 3 2009 	Brilliant	Stayed here for Hard Rock Calling got a double room for £99/night including breakfast.Brilliant stay, well designed room, great staff	
Jul 1 2009 	Unusually for London a great modern city hotel at a good price.	Travelled to London for a two day trip and evening concert. Wanted to be handy for the main tourist traps but not on a busy street. Always didn't want the usual over-priced tired old London dump with tiny rooms. This place ticked every box. Great location 2 streets away from the houses of parliament and the tube stop, but a quiet street. Super modern, clean interior, great bar upstairs with food and lovely covered outdoor seating area at teh side of the hotel. Wee booked a cheap flight via 'http://flights.search.co.uk' and the hotel via a google search and then contacted directly. Cost c.£120 and worth every penny. Highly recommended (they also gave us a discount voucher to return - a no-brainer!)	
Jun 28 2009 	A wonderful hotel with friendly staff in a great location	After a lot of reading and researching I booked a 13th floor thames-facing suite for my wife's 40th birthday for 2 nights. I have to say it was one of the best hotel stays ever. The suite was beautiful with great views, very quiet, air conditioned, very clean and modern decor. The service was really impressive. To get the level of care and professionalism in a hotel like this takes a lot of doing and not many get it right, but it's right here. I've never stayed in a hotel with such friendly and helpful staff, and I've stayed in a lot of hotels. After booking, I emailed the hotel on quite a few occasions to arrange flowers, chauffeur, etc - and I was always dealt with promptly and with helpful advice. Throughout our stay the staff were always helpful. In particular Avin and Raphael made our stay fantastic and many thanks to them for their help.We had breakfasts in the suite and these turned up on time and the food was really good. It made a real change as I've had countless hotels deliver breakfasts late or not at all, or with missing items. Everything was perfect - and the service, again, was really friendly and professional. We also tried out the City Cafe - again, very impressed with the quality of the food and the service. Location wise, we thought it was great. It's a 5 min walk to the Houses of Parliament and you're in a quieter area (thankfully) than the West End or Covent Garden. It's still easy to get around everywhere and there are cabs outside the Hotel, and staff were always on hand to get cabs to you if there were none around. Can it be any better? Well, maybe having movies on demand rather than a pick-up DVD service at reception. And softer robes perhaps. But now I'm being really picky as the City Inn and it's staff are really doing a fantastic job.	
Jun 24 2009 	Perfect in every way	Booked this hotel based on the reviews and am very glad that we did. We stayed for 2 nights while sightseeing in London. The room was great, as was the staff. The only slight complaint is that it is a bit of a walk to the nearest tube station or the major attractions, but that did not bother us too much. Overall, this is a great hotel and is highly recommended.	
Jun 20 2009 	slick 	Stayed here last week on a business trip. As a repeat customer I knew what to expect and was not dissapointed. The hotel is perfection for the business traveller with impeccable service in a convenient part of town. Rooms are comfortable with comfy beds, and for once, a really efficient air con system. I could get my room to the perfect temperature and the window opens for fresh air, a nice touch in a modern building. Given the location, views are dissapointing in many rooms as the hotel is blocked by other buildings. The imac is great and there is a good selection of chanels including sport on tv. Food is great and the breakfast a triumph with fantastic choice and super fast service if you wish, or a lazy sit around if you have the time. Location is fine for business travel,surroundings a bit sterile for tourists, but a short walk brings you rewards in most directions. I walked to Pimlico tube in less than 10 minutes dragging my suitcase and there were taxis outside if required. You dont feel pampered here, but if you want a clean efficient well run hotel in the centre of town its a good bet.	
Jun 17 2009 	Comfort 	Like others I chose this hotel based on reviews posted on tripadvisor and I was not disappointed. We were down in London to take in a show ( Wicked ).We arrived early and expected just to drop off bags while we went sight seeing but without any fuss the hotel allowed us to book in early.The room was very clean and well appointed, the IMACS are useful - especially as internet access was free.The hotel is peaceful and comfortable and I would not hesitate to recommend it.Only slight negative was that for me the bed was a little too soft.	
Jun 16 2009 	Comfort and value in quiet part of London	Staff were very pleasant, from check in, information and check out. Rooms were very clean and sound proofed! The i-mac in the room was also a great touch, allowing free internet access. The nearest tube station pimlico, is a bit of a walk away, in fact we walked to victoria as that line was closed. But that doesn't take away from the fact that this is a great place to stay.	
Jun 10 2009 	Excellent Stay at City Inn	Saw all the brilliant reviews for the City Inn and decided to stay for our weekend of the 30thMay 2009.The trip consisted of 2 couples.Checked on late rooms first but have always tried hotel first to see if they can match price and you usually get better deal.We booked 2 Club rooms for the price of £119 per couple.These are on the 12th floor and the price consisted of breakfast free wine water and chocolates and you also get early check in 10 oclock and late out 4oclock which is brilliant.The hotel is new and very modern,its very clean and swish and the staff are very helpful,we got free parking for all weekend across the road.Breakfast was very good ,we also booked a meal in the hotel which was good(club rooms give you a 10% discount.)Rooms very comfy great beds free internet etc shower great and nice white company toiletries.The hotel is in a quite area but 2 minutes you are at the river.I will recomend this hotel to anybody and will be staying here again myself	
Jun 9 2009 	Fantastic Hotel 	We recently stayed at this hotel based on the fantastic reviews and the high ratings Tripadvisor gave this hotel (I always start my research with TripAdvisor and it has never steered me wrong yet!). It lived up to all the previous reviews. The hotel is in a quiet part of London--near the Tate Britain and about a 10 minute walk to Westminster Abbey and Parliament. We got a triple room because it was my husband, teenage daughter and me and it was fairly large with VERY comfortable beds and pillows. It also had a nice safe and best of all--a computer in our room (apparently, in all of them) and FREE internet use as well (unheard of in London!). It was so nice to be able to e-mail from our room at our convenience. They also let you print out your boarding passes from your room by sending your print job to guest services.The showers were WONDERFUl (plus, they also had a separate bath)--very hard pressure (which felt great after walking all over London all day) and the service by everyone we had dealings with was superb. Every concierge was so solicitious and if there was ever a problem, they took care of it immediately! Another plus was a small refrigerator in the room that they allowed you to remove their items and put yours in without charging for moving around their food items in the fridge.This hotel also had blackout curtains so the room stayed dark in the early morning.Another nice feature was they allowed us to check in early without a fee, and the morning of our check-out (we stayed a week), we checked out but they stored our bags until we needed to leave for the airport (we did tip the concierge but there was no fee).Only negatives: cafe in the hotel is very expensive so we found nearby pubs to eat which were reasonable. Also, there are several small stores within several blocks that contain ready-made sandwiches, doughnuts, etc...if you want to grab food and run. Also, it is about a 10 minute walk to the tube (Westminster tube or Plimico) which if you have any handicap issues that might be a deterrant. However, there are plenty of cabs that come by the hotel and they are fairly reasonable.This is a four-star hotel and it is worth the money you pay for it! I highly recommend and would return to this wonderful hotel if I ever return to London!	
Jun 6 2009 	Almost Perfect	This hotel is very clean and well kept and our room was dead quiet. Rooms are a fair size and while the bathroom is small, it is well appointed with a good shower, adequate shelf space and some of helpful extras including a shaving/make-up mirror and bathrobes. Having the IMAC and free Wifi is really convenient. They also provide a lap top size safe, wine glasses, a cork screw,water glasses, and bathroom glasses. There is enough room in the mini fridge to store water bottles. The individual heating/cooling unit works well. The staff is friendly and helpful. We had breakfast included and it was lovely and the service was super fast. Its only a ten minute walk to Westminster Abbey and the Houses of Parliament and 15 minutes to the London Eye or Trafalgar Square. The one caveat is the scarcity of restaurants in close proximity. We did enjoy the Pizza Express which is behind the hotel on Millbank and a one minute walk. Very quiet and safe neighborhood although some areas of nearby Page St are a bit dodgy.	
Jun 2 2009 	Great Hotel!	My boyfriend took me to London last August and this is where stayed for the 3 nights. Such a great hotel! The rooms were ace (although dont touch the mini bar if you dont want to spend a fortune) The Imac in the room was great for listening to music and planning your day as said by another reviewer. On our last night we had a lovely meal in the restaurant - altho it was a little pricey it was lovely! Breakfast was lovely too - and the location was amazing! Just basically around the corner for big ben etc...Would definately stay here again! One of the best weekends ever!	
May 31 2009 	Clean modern hotel with A+ staff in very quiet but safe neighborhood	My wife and I just finished a 9 day stay at City Inn Westminster and had an exceptional experience. The hotel is modern but not overstated, somewhat comprable to the &quot;W&quot; franchise in the US. The room was very clean well appointed by London standards with very a comfortable queen bed, strong/hot shower, extremely clean bathroom, and an iMac with internet connectivity included. A word of advice: We booked with Hotels.com and they advertised two seperate rates with one including &quot;free internet&quot;. When I learned all rooms at CIty Inn offer iMacs with free internet Hotels.com would not refund the difference in price. You're best booking the standard room as you'll still get free internet.The staff was very curteous and efficient. One of the doormen recommended we try the nearby Albert pub for dinner. Unfortunately we had a horrendous experience, never received our order, and were kept waiting for 75 minutes for an ineffective manager who couldn't give us a refund. Upon learning of our experience, the same doorman profusely apologized for the recommendation, took the corporate phone number for Albert Pub to file a formal complain on our behalf, and sent us a complimentary bottle of wine for our trouble. The Albert Pub manager could learn a thing or two from the staff at City Inn. And, this is only one example of the type of high quality service we received.The City Inn is about a 10 min. walk from the Pimlico tube and 12-15 from Westminster tube. As it's so close to Parliament, it's likely the safest part of central London. We walked near the hotel almost every night and never felt concerned given the constant police presence only blocks away. The hotel is also literally next door to the Tate Britain (5 min. walk). Unfortunately there isn't much nightlife near the hotel during the evenings. Although we didn't eat at the hotel restaurant, City Cafe, we learned it's very highly rated by the locals in and around central London. If you're on college break and looking to stay in the hustle bustle craziness of London this probably isn't your hotel. However, if you're a mature adult looking for a modern hotel with exceptional staff tucked into a quiet corner of central London, City Inn absolutely delivers. This is my third trip to London. After having stayed in many other hotels, I only wish I had known of City Inn before. I will definately be back.	
May 31 2009 	Excellent in every aspect	Having read others reviews on this hotel, i have to say i concur with all of them of recent times. We had a very enjoyable and peaceful stay. To top it off, from a corporatye hotel, you wouldnt expect the personal touch, although the manager was always on hand greeting and asking if everything was alright. We will definitely be returning.	
May 29 2009 	stylish hotel great staff ok location	Modern hotel in somewhat of a quiet, 'business-like' area. Perfect place to fill up on the complimentary and tasty breakfast, then continue on with the rest of your day. The concierge were extremely helpful and knowledgable in planning the day. My recommendation is to take as many buses as possible--it is an amazing way to see the beautiful city! In addition, the underground is so simple we only took one taxi during our 4 day stay (late night partying). The imacs in the room were a fantastic way to check your email, plan your day, watch tv, and listen to local radio--one drawback, unless we foreigners missed it--no clock!? Maybe if we took time to read the imac manual we would have figured it out, but at the age of 30, I'm still a bit old school. Also, the concierge had dvds and adapters for our usage...an extra touch that we really appreciated.The hotel is in a bit of a quiet area, but it was so easy to get everywhere we hardly minded. However one night after sightseeing and shopping we came back to clean up and look for a local pub...this area however was shutdown at 11pm, so we were subjected to room service--tasty, but expensive! If you are looking for a quiet, stylish hotel...this is it. If you are looking for a bit more action--like walk out of your door into the thick of it, I'd suggest somewhere else. I found the City Inn to be a nice oasis--extremely roomy, modern and clean.	
May 28 2009 	Comfy modern and friendly plus great location!	We really enjoyed staying at the City Inn. Great facilities and v clean. Found the staff to be pleasant and friendly and breakfast was super efficient with plenty of choice both cooked and continental. We walked from Victoria tube (approx 1 mile) but discovered Pimlico was closer on the last day! Thought the location was great, easy to get into town, we walked during the day and got a taxi in the evening. Right beside Tate Britain. Concierge recommended a good Indian Restaurant, Millbank I think and pub close by.	
May 26 2009 	Modern Clean and Quite	Stayed two nights.Spotless modern room and bath. Somewhat comfortable bed and pillows. 10 minute walk to nearest tube.Very few neighborhood restaurants.Quiet rooms.Hotel staff was helpful.We ate all so-so breakfasts at the hotel.Since we were not there on business, we would consider another more convenient location next time.	
May 26 2009	Excellent service pricy food	Stayed in the city inn for two days over may bank holiday weekend, very impressive hotel with excellent staff. Rooms are basic but well laid out and comfortable. Location is good overall being quite convienient to both pimlico and westminster tube stations. Area around hotel is generally very quiet. One small gripe; while the quality of food on offer is very good in the cafe, it is a bit expensive for what you get. This is a very good hotel overall and the one small gripe didnt spoil a great experience. I for one would have no problem using the hotel again	
May 24 2009 	Nice room good location somewhat pricy (well it's London)	I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 for 2 reasons: the location is not ideal (though not too bad), and it is relatively expensive. The location is about half a mile to either Pimlico or Westminster station (the better choice). We often hopped on a bus along Millbank to cover part of this distance. (Do buy an Oyster card. It's the best investment you can make.)We wanted 2 things in our hotel room: the ability to control the temperature (both ways, as the weather in May is unpredictable), and quiet. We got both, with a caveat. The A/C worked fine, the heating didn't (though it appeared to work in another room, so it wasn't a general problem). But they rushed an electric heater to our room, and we were actually happier with it. As for quiet, we didn't hear any neighbors, though the hotel was full. But we did hear helicopters in the evening. Keep in mind this is very close to the Parliament, and there are often news to be covered. The helicopters stop before 10pm, so they didn't bother us unduly. As an aside, hand towels are provided, which is apparently a rarity in London. And the iMac in the room is, of course, a brilliant touch. Plus, the room is really big for London, and the bath, while small, is well-designed and quite serviceable.We chose this hotel after researching about 30 hotels and 20 B&amp;Bs, none of which could meet both our conditions. The other choice we considered was The Howard. However, there is construction work going on right next to it (as seen on Google Street View, and then by us in person). In the end, we felt that this was the best overall choice, and we did have a very enjoyable stay.	
May 24 2009 	Excellent	The Good.....Excellent location, located within walking distance to everything....e.g. Big Ben, The Thames River, Parliment, London Eye, etc. The hotel staff and service was excellent, they were willing to help with anything needed. The room was clean, decent size for sleeping. I loved the IMAC.....what more can I say about the IMAC. The downside.....The area surrounding the hotel didnt have very many restaurants within walking distance.	
May 21 2009 	Continuously noisy construction site	Four days in a row we are waken up by noise of motors, hummers and voices of construction workers on a lift platform outside of our window on a 10-th floor. The hotel is under construction, but there is no information for that during booking time. We could estimate that the construction will continue for a month or more. The rest is good.	
May 21 2009 	brilliant what fantastic value for money	what fantastic value for money, we arrived and were shown to our room, very clean more than enough space even had computer internet connection all combined with t.v dvd and cd, we paid for the room on their advancve payment £90 although on this you have to pay in full at time of booking and there is no cancellation refund what fantastic value for money, this hotel the location is brilliant right near the embankment and near to the west end, bar prices are very good, restaurant prices are very good as well, we will be useing this hotel again.	
May 19 2009 	A great find	Very modern hotel, wonderfully situated (quiet street within minutes walk of Parliament Buildings, bus stop for 88 bus - from Clapham to Camden - a hundred yards or so from the door). Comfortable room with some good design details (and shower rather than bath). Very helpful staff. This hotel looks and feels top quality but is exceptionally good value for money . Not surprisingly, it's busy but we only really noticed that because the lifts were always full!	
May 19 2009 	Excellent hotel great location	The location was perfect as it was only minutes away from the Westminster tube and the 87 bus behind the hotel took me straight to Trafalgar Square. The room (11th floor) was clean and spacious and the bathroom was the right size for a solo traveler. I loved the iMAC in the room and the bed was very comfortable. English Breakfast was included with my room and the City Cafe menu was delicious and I never had to wait for a table.I loved that the hotel was near Parliament, Westminster Abbey, etc. I preferred using the Westminster tube over the Pimlico tube. I booked through TravelBound several months in advance and I was not disappointed with this hotel. I was a little hesitant at first because it looked very trendy, but the room was great. In fact, I plan to stay here again in future visits to London. The staff was very helpful and friendly.You can always ask for a view of the River or Parliament and if available, they will comply. Great hotel, great staff, great location!	
May 18 2009 	Best Hotel for our whole trip	We stayed for 2 nights at the end of a 3 week trip to UK. It was by far the best hotel of our trip. The best part was the free internet. Although many places offer free wireless internet you have to have your own laptop. City Inn supply an iMac that provides internet, TV as well as DVD and cd libraries free of charge. We had an excellent room service meal that was comparable in quality and price to many restaurant meals we had had. The staff were very friendly witha quick check in and arranging a day tour. Although it is a bit of a walk to the nearest tube station, it is still a good location near Parliament and the London Eye. I would have no hesitation recommending this hotel.	
May 18 2009 	What more can I add ?	Another fantastic weekend at the City Inn, the only thing that could have been improved was the weather. The welcome and service was friendly, efficient, yet unobtrusive, the food was great and the cocktail menu in the millbank lounge is much improved.The hotel was busier than previous visits, which can show up problems and issues at some places, but, apart from a slight wait to check out didn't cause any problems at all. The comfort, level of service and location can't be faulted and for the price must be near unbeatable. We shall be back again when next in London	
May 18 2009 	First Class!	I stayed at this hotel for one night based on the strength of the reviews I read on tripadvisor and I can safely say I was not disappointed.I was in London to see Wicked at the Victoria Apollo and the Hotel was very handy being only 5 minutes in a taxi or about a 15 minute walk. The hotel is only ten miutes from either Pimlico or Westminster station and is situated on a very quiet street street which is within pleasant walking distance from the Houses of Parliament and at a push the Imperial War Museum which is about 15-20 minutes away.The hotel itself is in my opinion first class. The room was excellent with lots of great little extras like the iMAC entertainment system, wine, chocolates etc etc. The bar and resteraunt were excellent and on the whole fairly reasonable as London goes. The staff were excellent and very happy and willing to help.I would most definately stay here again!	
May 18 2009 	Excellent!	Functional, elegant, quiet, central, safe, value, spacious, helpful. Where to start...this was located in the dead center of London. minutes to walk to Parliament, Big Ben, Westminster Abbey, Tate museum, the London Eye, yada, yada. So close that we did all of those thing in one afternoon! It was a large room by UK or Europe standards (good even for US standards) and the room was spotless. The decor was classy and elegant. The iMac in the room was perfect for work, TV &amp; viewing pictures. It even had Skype preloaded. it's like they have everything i would ever ask for at a hotel. It seems City Inn may be a growing chain. I will always look for City inn when traveling in the UK and Europe for bushiness or vacation. It's fair to say i would pay almost any price to stay at a City inn over other hotels. This may sound like a bogus review but it is not. i am a premium level member of two world-wide chains and of course stay at those places for work related budget and point redemption reasons, but City Inn is my ideal hotel and i will choose it again. Other comments; i travel for pleasure and for work. i have stayed at more than 100 hotels in the last decade. i spend more than 60 nights a year in hotels. it was my first time to London so i can not compare directly; my review stands by itself, but based on pricing, reviews and research and other information i believe it to be valid. i have been to Europe about 5 years ago for 3 weeks; this trip was 2 weeks.	
May 17 2009 	Great hotel great location good value	We stayed at this hotel for a weekend away (Friday and Saturday)The hotel is located in a quiet residential area in Central London, close to the Houses Of Parliment. The nearest tube is about 10 minutes walk away, but don't let this put you off.The hotel is very modern, and there seemed to be a lot of business people staying here (even at the weekend).Check in was fast and efficient. Within a few minutes of arriving at the hotel we were in our room. Our room was a fair size for London hotel rooms. The rooms are very clean and very modern. Each room has it's own Apple Mac computer, which acts as your free Internet access, TV, radio, CD &amp; DVD player (a good selection of DVDs are available to borrow from reception) The double bed was comfortable, and all the usual extras within the room were of high quality (my fiancee was especially impressed with the professional hair dryer) The bathroom, although fairly small was well thought out, and the power shower was pretty amazing!We did not have breakfast included in the price, we enquired how much it would cost when we got there which was from £13 per person, so we found a great cafe 3 minutes walk away, called the Regency Cafe, which I've got to say does the best breakfast in London (at a very reasonable price)Next time I stay in London it will definitely be at the City Inn, Westminster	
May 16 2009 	excellent hotel perfect location	Stayed in this hotel for a 6 day stay. we stayed in room 707 lovely big room a little short on storage space. fridge full and lovely snacks provided but be warned very expensive. hotel is on a lovely quiet side street, no night noise whatsoever. difficult to locate. We decided to walk from Victoria station with our cases,big mistake, its a good 20/30mins. Westminister Abbey,Big Ben etc. just a 10min walk up along the Thames, took us a while to figure this out so to save time,just go out the back of the hotel through the outside area and turn to your right. Bar food reasonable and well cooked and presented. Restaurant the same,just one complaint the hotel ran out of draft beer within in two days of our stay and had not been replaced by the time we left. All staff service excellent.	
May 13 2009 	One of the best in the city	Stayed for the 2nd time at the City Inn last week, and it simply does seem to get better and better.The rooms are excellent - not the most spacious - but very comfortable and very, very clean. The imac system in the room was great to use as well.What sets it out from many of its competitors is the staff. They were very busy, but always had time to say 'hello' and always with a smile.The free wifi was also very welcome. I get tired of being charged £15+ to pick up wifi in many hotels, and now make a point of only using ones who provide this as part of the service.Will be returning soon!	
May 10 2009 	Very nice and modern	Ultra modern hotel, very clean, and friendly staff. small rooms. only drawback was the prices of the mini bar and basket items such as a bag of nuts for a fiver and a small bottle of wine for 13 squid. However i would stay here again most definately if in london. Highly recommended.	
May 9 2009 	Everything you need and want in a city hotel	I've now stayed here twice, and wouldn't stay anywhere else in London. The regular rooms are small but have everything you'd want and are in a great condition. The Apple Mac system is great for browsing the internet and for watching the DVDs the very friendly reception loan out for free. On my second stay I got an upgrade and that room was really lovely - much bigger, with a sitting area and a bath. If it's within your budget, go for it! My only little niggle was the poor lighting in the room. Good for romance perhaps, not so good for reading loads of paperwork. Although the breakfast was very good, I wouldn't really recommend it as service was slow and I think it was overpriced.But overall, an excellent hotel.	
May 7 2009 	Absolutely Perfect Hotel	It is a great hotel. I stayed with my husband for 3 nights and it was absolutely perfect. It is a very modern and clean hotel. 15 minutes walk from Leicester Square, London Eye.The staff very helpful and pleasant. Had a really great time there. It is a hotel that you can enjoy more than a good night sleep.	
May 4 2009 	Defintely the best all round hotel in London	This was probably the 10th or so time I have stayed at the City Inn. It really is a fantastic all round hotel. The rooms are spacious, WHite company toiletries, iMac in the room - what more could you want. They even give you free internet access - a real rarity in any UK hotel. If you book far enough in advance you can get really good deals, especially at weekends. The location is pretty good but admit it won't suit everybody. You are basically a 5-6 minute walk from Westminster Abbey. I think it is great and have tried other hotels in the same bracket but have yet to find one that matches. The other mega bonus is that you can park for free on the road outside the hotel at weekends.	
May 4 2009 	Great location comfy bed	Hotel in great location, about 10 minutes walk from Westminster tube station, Houses of Parliament &amp; Westminster Abbey, Pimlico tube only 5 mins walk. Staff very pleasant &amp; helpful. Early check in was a bonus. Room very clean &amp; bed was extremely comfortable. Breakfast which was prepaid was excellent, great choice of both continental &amp; English breakfast. I would definately stay here again. Free internet in rooms which was handy &amp; hotel also has DVD's and CD's available at reception.	
May 4 2009 	Greast Value - Excellent location	Our stay got off to a great start when the concierge suggested we save ourselves £40 by parking on the road rather than in their car park! Very honest and I am not sure how many other hotels would do that. We booked the City Club rooms that allowed early check in and late check out. The room was nicely sized and very comfortable, with good facilities and extras like bathrobes. Whilst the bathroom was small, it was well appointed and the shower was very good, with nice toiletries and large towels - my pet hate is towels that don't even wrap round your body properly! We had a snack in the bar early evening and it was very good, the service was a little slow but that was not too much of an issue. We also had room service which was very nice as well. Our only disappointment was breakfast where I was served a lukewarm 'freshly cooked' breakfast. After complaining this was quickly recitified with many apologies from all the staff. They are ideally located, almost next door is the Tate and a 10 min stroll will take you to the Houses of Parliament and the London Eye. We got a great rate booking direct with the hotel and my enquiries were dealt with promptly. Highly recommended as great value for a brilliant location and excellent facilities.	
May 2 2009 	Perfect in every way!	For anyone visiting London the City Inn is in every way the perfect choice. We stayed there for one night whilst going to the O2 for a concert. A short tube ride from Kings Cross to Pimlino - 5 minutes away. The hotel is brilliantly located in Westminster, 5 minutes walk from the Houses of Parliament and Whitehall. The rooms are well appointed, clean and tidy, exceptionally peaceful with a comfy bed and touches such as a mac in each room - we are going back to London 3 times over the next 6 months for other concerts and have already reserved this hotel in advance. We would not stay anywhere else	
May 1 2009 	from good to bad	Persuaded my bosses to let me stay at city inn after I had raved about a previous stay, now wish I hadnt bothered.THE RECESSION seems to have hit this hotel bad!!!When I called to make the reservation I spoke to someone called Isha, who seemed to be in one hell of a bad mood, unhelpful, unpleasant to talk to, a complete contrast to my previous experience when I had spoken to ugu. I however decided that it must have just been a bad day for her and proceeded with my stay, wish I hadnt!Upon arrival there were about 120 people checking in and only 3 people on reception to deal with the, all, so was a lengthy process to check in.Finally checked in, room great, but have to say the staff seem to no longer be cheery, but miserable and look over worked and not really wanting to be there.The couple of days I was there it seemed the same, no staff smiling, and it really felt as though the recession was biting as there seemed to be less staff than my previous visit. I have to say for the money it costs I am definitely going to look around elsewhere, particularly as I should have gone with my gut reaction to the way I was so badly served in there reservations by Isha.	
May 1 2009 	Excellent as usual	I think this was our fifth stay in the City Inn, and was of course perfect. We did try to get a suite like we had last time but they were fully booked.The secret is out now about how good this place is, and may make it harder to book in.It is not about out and out luxury here, just very good value for money.	
Apr 29 2009 	briliant hotel	Myself and hubby stayed at this hotel for 2 nights and could not fault anything....The room was clean and bright..the choice at breakfast was plentey....the only down side was its location..it is hidden neatly in between many buildings and could never get our bearings... it is quite a way from the theatres, we had to catch cabs everywhere, costing alot of money..... but fab hotel...	
Apr 20 2009 	Fantastic Hotel!	We stayed in City Inn Hotel for 4 nights during our Easter holidays. We found this hotel through Trip-Advisor; i searched at least 50 others hotel in the web but i ended up in this because it seemed to be the best combination of price and location. We arrived in the hotel late at night, and there was a very warm welcoming by the person who worked in the check-in. Our room was in the 2nd floor, not as hight as we would like but still it was good; the rooms windows were looking at an opposite building, but for us it was not a problem because anyway we wouldn't stay there for a view. The room was very nice; the bed very confortable, we liked very much the idea of the computer in the room with free Internet and the free coffee and tea service. The bathroom was not big, but it was very clean and very nice.  We didn't take breakfast in the hotel because we wanted to discover little cafes around, but the breakfast seemed nice. We will try it next time. The location of the hotel is excellent; it is 10 minutes walk from Westminster tube, and the docks that take you to Greenwich. Also if you like walking you can even walk until Piccadily or other central locations; we like walking so a couple of times we walked from the centre to the hotel. I think what is important is that the hotel is in a very safe neighbourhood, maybe the safest in London, it is in a quiet location and still in the centre. So, we would recommend both to business travellers and to tourists and we are sure that we will stay there next time we are in London	
Apr 19 2009 	Spacious quiet and clean	I am writing this on the imac in the room (an instant hit with my teenage children - a decent selection of DVDs and CDs to borrow free of charge was nice). Arriving early our rooms were ready . Although not twin bedded an extra bed was provided speedily. Likewise my non working fridge was instantly changed - the staff are wonderful - efficient and courteous. The shower room is compact but clean and the shower is good. Quiet effective air conditioning is miles better than the noisy systems I have had in other hotels. The location is good as off the main road so unusually quiet for London. Tea and coffee selection included fairtrade and herbal teas. Beds comfortable and room well laid out - simple but comfy. The only disadvantage is that it is a bit out of the way if you are going to the West End but with Tate Britain round the corner and Westminster on the door step it has its compensations. Taxis are always waiting at the door in any event.I didnt bother with the food but the bar was lively and expensive cocktails a little slow in arriving. But that really is a minor grumble as I would highly recommend this hotel. If you are looking for budget accommodation ( and London isn't really a place to visit as a budget destination after all) I do not think the City Inn can be beaten.	
Apr 17 2009 	Faultless stay	We were lucky to get our room at a special Lastminute.com rate of only £10. The quality of the hotel amazed us - we would have no hesitation recommending it, even at the normal rates. The check-in was a perfect start to our one-night stay. There was one person already checking in ahead of me, and only one member of staff immediately visible. As if by magic, another member of staff appeared from the back office and welcomed me to the hotel and offered to check me in. (Compare this to Marriott where I've seen staff peer out from the back office and then quickly sneak back out of sight when they see a queue!)The hotel is modern and trendy, but comfortable and welcoming at the same time. All areas, including the rooms, are immaculately clean. The room is not enormous, but perfectly big enough. The bathroom is tiny, but a nice shower makes that forgiveable. The bed was nice and comforable, and the room nice and quiet, so it made for an excellent night's sleep. The location of the hotel is not in the hussle and bussle of the city, but easy enough to walk to a lot of the main attractions of London, or a bus or tube ride. I walked from Westminster Station is just over the 10 minutes quoted on the hotel website. A great feature of the hotel is the computer with broadband internet in all the rooms, at no extra charge. We were only there for one night, and I work nearby, but I'd imagine it could be a great feature for tourists and business travellers alike. We had dinner in the City Cafe which was great. The food was delicious, the menu sounded very tempting indeed - we'd seen the menu posted around the hotel, and just couldn't resist trying it. We felt the food and drink prices were pretty reasonable for the quality of the food and the excellent service. Sadly, we didn't have time for breakfast in the morning - I walked by the restaurant on my way to work, and wish I could have eaten breafast as it looked fantastic. Can't wait to return - it'll be one of our first choices of hotel next time we want to stay in town.	
Apr 16 2009 	Fantastic!	Stayed five wonderful nights with my wife and two young kids. Check in was swift, the rooms were great we asked for a cot and an extra bed and they happily accommodated. Service and the food was fantastic. Location, 10 minutes from Tube thats with a pram and a 6 year old, but their are bus stops just outside. You can walk to big ben, houses of parliament etc all the main attractions are within walking distance. The hotel resides in a quiet secluded area of westminster which welcomes you in after a days sightseeing in the crowds. This is the only hotel I will be staying in with my family whenever we are in London. Thanks	
Apr 16 2009 	This hotel is one of the best in London!!	We went here for Valentines day. We got the valentines package. It was AMAZING!! the staff were so friendly. The food was incredible!! This resturant has been featured on Masterchef so you can just imagine how good the food is. The rooms were amazing. The beds were so comfy. I cannot complain about this hotel at all! I have been here twice now and when we came back the second time they gave us free cocktails which should of been £20! AMAZING!!!	
Apr 15 2009 	Good location good price	Nice location, clean rooms, good value. Quite small rooms, but it has to be seen in relation to the price paid. We got a handicap room, but staff did not care to mention or apologize this at check in. The hairdryer did not work, but was replaced at request.iMacs in each room instead of TV was great. Just logged in to Spotify to listen to my favorite music, checking weather forecast and bookings.	
Apr 14 2009 	We loved the suites	We had a city suite with our college-aged daughter. It was spacious and very conmfortable. The staff were great!! Anything asked for was provided. The view was very nice. Like other reviews state, there are not a lot of resturants in the neighborhood, just a few pubs. However, there is a Cost-Cutter market around the corner that you can buy groceries. The City Inn lounge and bar are very nice. Would stay here again when in London.	
Apr 14 2009 	What a great stay!	Staff was very courteous - we asked for a room with a view of the Parliament building and they upgraded us to a suite without charging us. Rooms were spacious, clean and loved the bathroom - great lighting!! Would definitely stay there again! Only had dessert and coffee in the restaurant - which was delicious - but will try the restaurant for a regular meal next time!! Definitely worth it...	
Apr 11 2009 	Great Hotel - Great location	Stayed here for two nights as part of a theatre break package. The hotel is bright, modern and very minimalistic, this in turn is reflected in the decor and design of the rooms. Our room was great, very clean and spacious, and the bed itself was extremely comfortable. It is set off a side street so there is no noise from the endless London traffic. The staff are superb! Curteous and very welcoming. Our check in and check out were faultless. At breakfast time the staff were extremely busy, yet still maintained there sense of humour and high professional values. The breakfat itself is one of the best we have ever had in any hotel, the black pudding was the best ever! We really cannot recommend this hotel enough!!	
Apr 10 2009 	Don't believe the hype!	I stayed for a xmas/new year break and hated it, the website advertises the wrong tube station to get off at which I pointed out to the disinterested staff. The reception is bland and devoid of character rather like an IKEA show room which pretty much sums up the hotel. The room I stayed in had a consent humming noise very similar to when you travel on a plan from the air con which disturbed my sleep. There was also a fire alarm very early on the 30/31 December, which was very badly handled, staff told us to go back to bed because the firemen had attended and it was false alarm, yet interestingly enough when I left the hotel for a walk- it was about 5/6am several fire engines hurtled past me and we had not seen any firemen in the hotel foyer before we left- which can only suggest we had been at best mislead at worst lied to by the staff.The breakfast was awful, I sent my stone cold toast back four times before I gave up, I was not offered a selection of tea choices at breakfast which I think is pretty poor for a 4* hotel and even found the tea labels swimming around inside the tea pot! The staff very rude, unhelpful and dismissive claiming there was a language barrier and they could not help me - I was charged service for drinks I had ordered from the bar and served myself. When I ordered room service I was told on the 3 January they could not fulfil the full menu because the shops where shut- which is a complete lie, I would not have been so bothered but it was all the vegetarian options they could not do!Eventually a manager gave me a bottle of champagne, but only when he overheard at the front desk compare this to hotel to others I have stayed at in London- which was too little too late.I should mention the sky bar advertised on the website, which I discussed when booking and expressed how much I would like to see and view the fireworks from on New Years was out of bounds to hotel guests - which I only discovered when I arrived at the hotel.Stay clear of this hotel unless you want to sleep in a noisy bland over priced, over hyped establishment adjacent to office blocks and no views.	
Apr 10 2009 	WICKED!	This was our second stay at the City Inn Westminster and after countless trips to London in various hotels of varying budgets, star ratings, locations etc the City Inn cannot be beaten. Our first trip we took the Caledonian Sleeper from Glasgow which meant arriving in London around 7am long before any of the check-in times for most hotels usually 12 or as late as 3pm (wtf?) and found this hotel had the early check in option from 8am, price was either the same or far less than other hotels in the same category so gave it a try. Our room was ready and waiting when we arrived at 7.30am with a high floor as requested, the hotels is no more than 10 minutes to either Pimlico or Westminster tube station so you are very well connected. You can get to Victoria within 20 minutes walk, great location for shows such as Wicked and Billy Elliot! Room service and Restaurant is also great value for money if like is you spent to much of the day enjoying London and had little time to eat before our show started! I am almost reluctant to write this review to keep this one to myself. I am totally perplexed that this hotel is not better known, location, price, staff, and service and room size for the price you will be hard pushed to get so find better value accommodation in London!	
Apr 4 2009 	Great value for money in good location	I agree with all previous positive comments about this hotel. In a city where overpriced hotel rooms are the norm this stands out as a gem for £90 per night (not including breakfast). Rooms are spacious and well kitted out and the imac is a good idea (even if it can be tricky to work at first!). Bathroom very clean but a little small. Well located in Westminster with easy access to all of London's sights. I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Apr 1 2009 	High standards great value good location.	Prepay rate is great value (from £99 plus VAT), will stay again. Ideal for both business and leisure. Very high standards of cleanliness and modern decor. Did not have breakfast here though - a bit pricey, even for continental.	
Mar 31 2009 	Fabulous location facilities and food	Fabulous location. Hotel is well placed for sightseeing but still remains to be hidden away so it is calm and relaxing and perfect to chill out in when you get back. We stayed in a suite which was fantastic. Breakfast was very good with a good stocked buffet and also Full English to order. We ate a la carte in the evening and the food was amazing - very very good and decent sized portions too. One drawback is the drinks were quite expensive. All in all a great hotel and one I will definatley stop at again. 10 out of 10!	
Mar 24 2009 	Great Hotel Great Staff Expensive Drinks	Just back from three nights at the City Inn. Everything about the place, except the price of the booze, was excellent. The staff, from reception through restaurant and bars to the services were friendly and helpful. And the breakfasts were really good, with the best porridge I've ever eaten in a hotel.With regard to position, the only disappointment was the shortage of places to eat in the immediate neighbourhood, surprising given it's proximity to the Houses of Parliament, Westminster Abbey, the Embankment and the London Eye among other tourist attractions.I wouldn't hesitate to recommend the hotel to anyone, tourist or business, and we would most certainly go back there (and perhaps sneak a bottle of illicit brandy in our suitcase).	
Mar 21 2009 	great hotel in a nice quiet location	Stayed here for the weekend and loved the hotel. The room was spacious and the staff were very friendly and helpful. It is in a very nice quiet location which is always good in a big city. would stay here again.	
Mar 18 2009 	Very impressed	It was Fashion Week in London so many hotels were full. We found this one on the Internet and decided to take a chance --- lucky for us!This is a very nice trendy place with good services and a very cool lounge. The rooms are a decent size (for London) and the price was right as well.The Tube station was a 5 minute walk and Westminster and Big Ben are less than ten minutes away, so the location is very good, in a safe neighborhood.I consider this hotel a good discovery and will certainly repeat next time I am in London.	
Mar 16 2009 	Compact but ok	Booked a one night stay on a Saturday night fairly last minute.Arriving at the hotel I was upgraded to a club room (having booked a standard room) on the 7th floor, with a good &quot;side&quot; view onto the Thames. Room had a double bed and a single roll-a-way too. Room was very small and the shower room as tiny, there was no room to get the cat in let alone swing it. Toiletries were few are far between with dispencer for the shower gel which in my opinion is very Travel Lodge.Floor to ceiling windows along the outside wall made the room very open, there was also a comfortable chair small table and desk with an iMac which functioned as the TV and the internet. I didnt like using the computer as a TV, and the remote at the size of a packet of chewing gum was very easy to loose!The bed was comfortable, and the bedding and towels were good quality.The staff (only used reception) were very pleasant and professional. Although I requested the removal of the roll-a-way bed as I went out an Saturday afternoon and 5 hours later when I returned it was still there. I call reception on my return and it was removed within minutes.On the Sunday morning there was a lot of noise, banging every minute or two, I dont know what this was but it didnt pertain to a nice sleep in on a Sunday morning.Standard check out time of 4pm was a real treat, usually trying to extend to 2pm is a trial!Overall I would say that the hotel is ok, although very small rooms, for one night is was fine.	
Mar 16 2009 	Nice hotel but location could've been better	Overall the hotel is great - I have no problems with it. Nicely furnished, clean and very affordable. Hotel personnel were very helpful.The problem I had was the location is more in a business district. As a tourist I found it in a very inconvenient place. The closest metro is at least a 10 minute walk and there are no restaurants, pubs or bars in the area.I would only recommend this hotel for business travelers but not for 1st or 2nd time tourists to London	
Mar 9 2009 	perfect	I stayed at the City Inn, Westminster in August 2008 with my mum and best friend. In my opinion it was the best hotel I've ever stayed in. When we first booked we didn't expect to have an iMac in our room, we thought they'd be in the business rooms so we were pleasantly shocked when we saw them. The breakfast was lovely and the rooms were very clean and you couldn't hear the traffic on the roads outside at all. When we got off Pimlico underground we had to walk quite a way but when we found another way to the entrance, it was much quicker and easier to find. Me and my friend being &quot;internet-holics&quot; found the iMac the best part but to be fair there wasn't one bad thing about this hotel. Overall, AMAZING!!	
Mar 8 2009 	Great Value-friendly staff-Highly recommended	Just back from a fantastic 2 night stay, hotel was great value, rooms compact but had everything you need, bars and restaurant 1st class. Travelled with my husband and 2 young children we had adjoining rooms on the 4th floor and we all thoroughly enjoyed it. Breakfast was excellent lots of choice and never too busy (and they serve until11.00am) !We all cant speak highly enough about the staff! They were all amazing nothing was too much trouble and check inn/concierge/waiters and waitresses were all fantastic. We all look forward to going back very soon.	
Mar 2 2009 	Great Hotel wonderful find!	Found this hotel through Trip advisor and it lives up to the high ratings, lovely room, wonderful to have access to free internet. The staff was very helpful and easy to ask questions. The only few downsides are it is a bit of a walk to a tubestation, but not as bad as it looks on a map and our window view was of other rooms. But at the great weekend rate, it is still worth more than we paid. Oh and the beds are simply amazing.	
Feb 28 2009 	Quiet comfortable and contemporary hotel	My wife and I stayed for a weekend theatre break. I have stayed in London many times before and found this hotel to be one of the best, in London, for the price. To have internet in the room in the form of iMac and also wireless free of charge is commendable in itself. The room was quiet and fairly dark once the lights switched off; which I find essential for a sound night’s sleep. We will definitely used this hotel and have no hesitation in recommending it.	
Feb 28 2009 	just wonderful	went to city inn for 3 night break,everything was spot on ,lovely greeting, arrived early room was ready,fantastic room,comfortable beds,helpful staff,breakfast cooked to order,wouldnt.go anywhere else.	
Feb 25 2009 	Fantastic value	This has to be one of the best value propositions in London. I've staid in worse hotels with three times the rates of City Inn. Clean, good service, and quite a modern feel to it. An extra plus for the iMac system - when I travel on leisure, I need internet connectivity, but I don't want the hassle of bringing a computer.	
Feb 24 2009 	if only all hotels were like this - Excellent !	Stayed at the City Inn Westminster for weekend 20th Feb with my sisters, daughter and neices. I'm very fussy where I stay. I found everything at this hotel to be excellent. It does exactly what it says on the tin and more. And it was very good value. I didn't bother uploading traveller photos because the hotel website photos show exactly as everything is. Check-in very efficient with very nice friendly staff. The rooms were fresh and spotlessly clean, bathroom spotless and had supplies. Breakfast was excellent along with excellent service. Oh and I liked the &quot;mirrored art&quot; in the lobby, really classy and suited the area perfectly. Step out of the hotel and Big Ben and London eye is within easy walking distance as well as Buckingham Palace. Closest tube stations were Westminster and Pimlico. I'll look forward to when City Inn open in other cities.	
Feb 23 2009 	Great Hotel Great Staff Great Breakfast!	This was our second visit to the City Inn Westminster. On arriving the check-in staff were fantastic, very informative and friendly. The room was as good as ever, very clean, great facilities, great shower! We visited the bar on Saturday evening late on, good atmosphere and efficient polite staff again. We did make use of the concierge but could have used the internet in the room as well as he did! But he was very polite and helpful. Breakfast in the restaurant was very good (note my previous review stated it wasn't great, clearly they had an off day and the complaint I made they took note of) room service breakfast the next day was equally as good. Worth every penny. There is nothing to fault this hotel, good location, great staff etc etc!! But don't all stay there otherwise I won't be able to book in again!!	
Feb 23 2009 	Superb!!	stayed at this hotel 17th Febfound check in really friendly and they allowed us to check in to our room at 10-30am.the room itself looks new although I know the hotel is now a few years old. Room was spotless with the IMac providing free internet, Ipod connection, tv, etc.Bathroom has White Company toiletries and bathrobes provided as standard.Hotel itself is really handy for Westminster and it's nearest tube is Pimlico and is only 1 stop from Victoria coach/tube/train station.	
Feb 23 2009 	Simply works	Stayed here for one night in mid-February. What a find! Take away all the tacky, unnecessary frills of the typical mid-budget hotel without sacrificing comfort or amenities and you have the City Inn Westminster. Good value, exceptionally helpful staff, comfortable beds, tasty breakfasts, free wi-fi, super clean. What more can you ask? Well, possibly a bath (I had a shower only) and a better location (good for Tate Britain and Houses of Parliament, not so good for restaurants, shopping or West End). But given the excellent price, these are sacrifices I'll gladly make.	
Feb 22 2009 	Cool and not too trendy	Great value hotel in the heart of London. Modern, clean and comfortable with very friendly staff. Features an iMac in the room and free wi-fi - fab! Five minutes walk from the river and tube connections to the West End. We'll stay here every time we visit London.	
Feb 18 2009 	Great location and value	Stayed here in a suite for one night while attending a conference in Westminster. Went for the suite due to the relative good value of the hotel and was not dissapointed. Location is excellent for Houses of Parliament, the Abbey etc., my wife a little dissapointed in the lack of shopping in the City (but not our credit cards). Love the Apple computers in the rooms and room service was very good - providing a dressing gown more suited for the fuller sized man in a matter of minutes, equally the croque monsieur ordered at 10pm came within 20 minutes . Only moan relates to the bar staff - we drank in the bar on 3 occassions and each time were left to wait for ages for drinks to be served - eventually going to the bar ourself. Waitresses did not seem well trained and were somewhat offhand which is a shame as the bar itself is well appointed and a pleasant environment with a good selection of whisky. Dont want to end on that negative note though as to echo other reviewers this is a great find in the centre of London	
Feb 16 2009 	Very nice	We have just finished a very relaxing stay at the City Inn. The hotel is modern and very clean, and situated in a great location; five minutes from Westminster tube and across the water from the MI6 building. The rooms are very nice, clean and the bed very comfy. The imac is a good idea however the picture on the TV often broke up possibly due to bandwidth constraints.We had booked a four course meal in the hotels restaurant which perhaps was the weakest part of our stay. The food was very well presented however our baked salmon was raw in the middle and the pasta was very bland. However the level of service from the staff was outstanding. Breakfast was again a very bland affair served with cold toast.In summary, we found the hotel to be very enjoyable. The situation is excellent and staff extremely helpful, however the food fails in maintaining these high standards.	
Feb 15 2009 	Comfortable Westminster	I've just had a good stay. Comfortable, spacious, warm, clean, efficient, friendly. Usual international bland magnolia design, despite iMacs and bathrobes. But beware: listed prices don't include tax. Can there be any reason for that, other than to mislead? So, having paid VAT, breakfast, and one or two cabs to get you to where you actually want to be, this may no longer be the bargain hotel of your dreams.	
Feb 14 2009 	Beautiful Hotel	This beautiful hotel isn't in the city center, but does have a great location for exploring Westminster and the area around the Tate. The Pimlico tube station and restaurants are a short walk away. The price was reasonable - especially considering how expensive London hotels can be. The amazing room was well worth the price.Our twin room was beautiful - spotlessly clean with new fixtures. The imac in the room was our computer, tv and radio - a great amenity. One corner of the room was a small business center with desk, table and two chairs. This was a marvelous place to stay!	
Feb 11 2009 	Best in London	This is my favorite hotel in London, Convenient, stylish, great rooms, great service - a bit pricey but well worth it.Overall either for business or pleasure this is highly recommended.	
Feb 3 2009 	Good Hotel Good Location in a rubbish city	Stayed here last weekend as we were seeing a show in the West End. I spent many a happy hour searching for the right London hotel, on a whole they seemed veryOverpriced for what you were getting, although that probably sums up London in general. We made the mistake of driving, a word of advise, don’t bother, London is hell toDrive around, we arrived on a sat afternoon and it was heaving, the hotel was fairly easy to find though located on the embankment just across the river from the MI5 building.The car park is located at the back of the hotel, but you have to check in before you can get in, a bit annoying as I didn’t know this, so had to dump the car on double yellows and wonder round to the front of the hotel to check in.The hotel is a converted office block as uses the usual City Inn DNA, withGlass and chrome everywhere, a nice modern contempary theme. Check in was quick, and the member of staff was very good and explained all Features of the hotel. I finally got into “fort knox” (the car park) , it was tiny, around 30 very small spaces, which doesn’t seem a lot for a hotel this size,If you drive a large car or 4x4 I doubt you will get parked, also as it is an underground car park it is accessed via a very steep hill, if you drive a sports car, or a car that is low to the ground, you also wont get it or out!! (prob best not to drive to this hotel-if you do the car park is £20 a night!!) We got to our room, it was identical to the rooms in the City Inn Birmingham that weStayed at the week before – clean, modern, great bed, quiet and a good air-con/heating system, it also had the I-mac, which I love. Again the bathroom was tiny Which although hasn’t annoyed me before, it is getting on my nerves now!The location is great, we walked everywhere and didn’t set foot on the tube (hate them) its 30min walk to west end/Covent garden, 10min to the eye, and around 45min to Harrods/science museum (if you do want the tube, the nearest station is around 7min,Westminster) We didn’t eat in the hotel but the menu looked good and so did the dining areas.We booked via the hotel website and paid £79 a night, ive not seen it cheaper than That. Its good value and a good base for seeing the sights, I do however think thatIt is flattered by its “9th” rated hotel in London; surly London has better to offer Than this given all the famous hotels around, but for the budget I doubt you will find much better.Would I stay here again – yes, however I doubt I will go to London again, it is a Old, dirty, busy and overpriced city, similar to Paris (which is another city I wont Be going back to in a hurry)	
Feb 2 2009 	Another good break	Have just returned from another positive stay at the City Inn Westminster. There was a minor incident with housekeeping, but it was promptly resolved, with adequate compensation made. Unfortunately, it looks like more information needs to be given to us non-business travellers as to how to know that the staff has left you a message (and I'm techno-savvy), so I unnecessarily complained about not receiving a message from them. Sorry about that!One thing I realized this time is how much I enjoy the quiet neighborhood. In the past, I've agreed with other reviewers about the lack of facilities. This time, after the hustle and bustle of the city centre, it was wonderful to get off the tube at Pimlico and have a relaxing walk back to the hotel. I finally tested the tube at Westminster, which was a much busier walk back to the hotel. Distances for a short person? Pimlico tube: 10 minutes (doesn't feel like it). Westminster tube: 12 minutes (felt longer).I also finally had a chance to eat at the Pizza Express behind the hotel, and they did a good job of taking care of this single diner, and the food was fine.	
Jan 30 2009 	Lovely hotel	Totally loved the hotel. Beautiful rooms, great breakfast, super nice staff and really great with a computer in the room and the free dvd's. The only downside was that the surroundings are prettu dull with very few restaurants.	
Jan 26 2009 	"Easily one of the best hotels in London"	My girlfriend and I spent Christmas 2008 in the City Inn and can honestly say it was one of the best hotels we have stayed at in London and being regular visitors to the Capital, can recommend it to everyone.Off a side street, next to the Thames and a brisk walk to Westminster Station, it is perfect for the sights of London, five to ten minutes to Big Ben !The hotel and it's staff are superb. Our room was spacious, spotless, with everything you want in a contemporary design.From an Apple computer, with a DVD player and WI FI access, to an excellent 'sort of bar area ' with coffee and tea facilities, to a large clothes wardrobe with luggage space on top, out of the way ! Without question this is a five star hotel at a three star price, a hidden gem for sure.	
Jan 25 2009 	Fantastic - Best in London	We stayed at The City Inn Westminster for New Years Eve 2009. Just a few minutes walk to Lambeth Bridge where you get a good view of the fireworks. We arrived by tube and the hotel is just a short 5 -10 minute walk from Pimlico Tube Station. Follow the signs for the Tate Gallery and it a stones throw from there. Really easy to find.I was impressed by the comfort of the beds, cosy duvet and pillows - always a nice surprise. For London the rooms are a really good size. The heating/air conditioning is really easy to operate and you can get the comfort of your room just right.I also loved the TV being an Apple Mac monitor with free internet access &amp; sky channels. You can also play your CD's though this and they have a FREE DVD library in reception.The hotel has a great location, yet is very quiet even though it was full when we stayed.We had a snack in the lounge bar and was very impressed with the standard of the food. Also the surroundings were lovely creating a good ambience.If you go out through the back entrance towards the car park there is a Pizza Express restaurant overlooking the Thames. We ate there on New Years Eve and had a fantastic meal. Just worth noting that if you do go to London for New Year, stay an extra night and you can see the New Years Day parade at 12pm. The whole of Westminster, Trafalgar and Picadilly was closed to traffic so it was perfect to be able to walk everywhere. All in all - a great hotel, very contemporary with everything you need. Certainly the best I've stayed at in London.	
Jan 21 2009 	Excellent modern hotel	We booked to stay here overnight as part of a theatre package and were delighted with our choice. The hotel is modern, clean, comfortable and within easy walking distance (10 mins) of both Pimlico &amp; Victoria underground stations. The Tate is literally 2 mins away. We were able to check in early on our day of arrival (Saturday), had a quick lunch in the bar and had the afternoon to explore. The restaurant staff were very responsive to our need to have a quick dinner before the theatre in the evening and the food was very good, freshly prepared and tasty. The rooms were well laid out, with some very nice touches - like the Applemac entertainment system, free internet and efficient air conditioning. Given the central location, the rooms were really quiet. The staff were friendly, helpful and attentive and we would return to the hotel again without hesitation.	
Jan 20 2009 	Excellent	Booked through londontown.co.uk two nights for £160 all in. For the same price you'll get a pokie hole with mixed reviews. This place has everything plus more. Our room very spacious well equipped. It also an apple imac with free internet. nice touch. Stayed here with my girlfriend Jan 16-18. Nearby tube. (westminster or Pimlico) Your right on the thames beside the london eye and westminster. Great area and you feel safe at night. Hotel restaurant is quite plush but at a reasonable price. 1 starter 2 mains 1 dessert and 2 bottles of red wine £75. Go for it	
Jan 20 2009 	Brilliant!	Just got back from a great three night stay at the City Inn and have no complaints.The hotel is literally 5 minutes from Pimlico underground, not too far to walk. Westminster underground is about 7 minutes walk in the other direction with great views of the Houses of Parliment and Big Ben.The hotel itself is extremely modern. The hotel restaurant is lovely, we ate there twice, taking advantage of the steak and chips with a complimentary glass of wine both times. The meal was above standard both nights.Breakfast was great, continental served buffet style with the option of ordering a full cooked breakfast or alternatives.The Millbank Lounge was nice for a drink, if a little pricey. But it seems most bars in London are more pricey than what we were used to! (The cocktails are lovely and worth the price at least once during your stay!)Our hotel room was really clean and it was spacious enough for the two of us. Overall, the staff were friendly, the hotel was clean and the food was great. Perfect january getaway :)	
Jan 9 2009	Would definitely go back	You get the feeling that they've really thought things through at this hotel, from the quiet location to the sense of spaciousness to the bathrobes in every room. Aside from a slight lack of storage space, the rooms are well-designed and feature all the usual accoutrements. Cannily, instead of a TV set there's an iMac with a built-in freeview tuner. So as well as being able to watch the telly, you can use it to listen to CDs, watch DVDs (there's a library of over 100 titles that you can borrow from reception) or surf the web. That said, I didn't feel comfortable using it for any sites that required passwords - but maybe that's just me being paranoid. The main downside of the room itself is the very compact bathroom. It's larger than one of those Ibis-style pods but not by much (so there's a shower but no bath). Also, the shower was only lukewarm at best on the second morning we were there. The only other real complaints are that there's not much of a vegetarian selection on the bar menu and the nearest tube station is about 15 minutes' walk away.None of which would put me off staying here again. For the price, you're unlikely to find anywhere better in London.	
Jan 8 2009	Christmas at the City Inn	Spent a few days over the Christmas period at the City Inn for a family Xmas getaway. We were very pleased with the location, being almost on the South bank of the Thames and within easy walking distance of Westminster, Buckingham Palace, Horseguards etc. This was very useful as no/very little public transport on Xmas &amp; Boxing Days. Hotel was smart, bright and modern with not an Xmas decoration in sight unless you count the Rubics cube Xmax Tree. This is not a critisism by the way. The room was a reasonable size , comfortable and well appointed. Good shower room and facilities. Reception staff and concierge were helpful and attentive. The negatives were room service which was advertised as 24 hour; two evenings in a row room service did not respond or were unavailable. On one evening we were were promised a call back from room service by reception only to receive a brief call from someone who said his phone wasn't working and he'd call back. He didn't! This was not satisfactory as one of our party was too ill to go to the dining room....so no dinner...twice. We booked Xmas lunch in the dining room which was quite pricey @ £71.50 per head (incl compulsory service charge). Xmas lunch was few frills and quite disappointing and practically the same menu was on offer the night before at £24.95 plus service. As a plus though, Santa did come with gratis gifts for the children, which was a nice touch.We only tried to have breakfast in the dining room once....we were asked to wait about 15 mins for a table although there were many onoccupied at the time.....so we went out, across Lambeth Bridge and found a decent little caff cum river cruise office that did a full English for £5.95. Bargain!On each evening that we went to the Millbank Lounge Bar, when it was open, the staff seemed busy and orders were not being taken. The downstairs bar was friendly and efficient, though. Decent Irish coffees were made.On two days we had to call housekeeping to clean the rooms as they had not done so when we were out during the day.When we checked out on the last day we mentioned our slight disappointment at a few of the above but thought it might have been due to the busy Xmas period only to be told that the hotel had not been busy over Xmas!Despite the bad points the overall impression was OK and a lot can be forgiven for the excellent location of the hotel, and the great, value for money rooms. I will go again.	
Jan 7 2009 	A little gem hidden behind the Tate!	I was very impressed when we arrived at the City Inn, the reception area was clean and bright and the staff helpful. We were able to check into our room around four hours early.The rooms were clean and everything was given to us from the expected tea and coffee facilities to a vanity kit for applying and removing make up.The bed was wonderfully comfortable, although the duvet was heavy and even though it was bitterly cold outside we overheated during the night.The staff were friendly and helpful and gave us useful information upon arrival. One negative was an alarm call booked for one of the rooms for 7am that never came. Thankfully one call was made so everyone was up in time for breakfast and a pre booked flight on the London Eye. Breakfast was served quickly and efficiently although some orders for the cooked breakfasts got a little muddled. I was inclined to let it slide though as the restaurant was exceptionally busy and we did get hot food delivered very quickly.Upon check out we did not have to ask to leave our luggage which was stored in a staff only room behind reception and was able to be collected promptly in yime for our train.All in all I would recommend this hotel, but shop around for deals. There are better hotels out there for the £150 a night mark.	
Jan 6 2009 	Nice hotel	The hotel had a great special for the Christmas season. The front desk staff let us check in early which was nice. The beds were so soft and it was helpful to have the computer in the room to check attractions and look up locations. There really wasn't much of a view from the room, but the location was nice, in a small neighborhood. The metro stop is about a 10 minute walk in the quiet area and the front desk staff is helpful about giving directions and answering questions. The bathroom wasn't that great, it was sort of small but still it was nice. The rooms are a great size and you have plenty of space in the room. You could walk to the hotel from the center of town, about a nice 20 or 30 minute walk. The room service was well priced and prompt. If you get back to the hotel and are tired or just spend the evening in, they have a nice choice of DVDs which my friends and I enjoyed when things slowed down there during the holiday. The pillows on the bed were super soft. I have heard horror stories about London hotels being too small or cramped, but this one wasn't and the price was not outrageous, either. A great stay! I would go back, definitely.	
Jan 6 2009 	Beautiful New Years Eve Break	We chose this hotel due to its location for the New Year celebrations in London. An excellent priced package included evening meal and breakfast. Room clean and well presented along with wifi access and great entertainment system.The staff were very helpful at the booking stage and check in and the restaurant food and service excellent.Had a couple of small issues that were very quickly sorted by the General Manager and his staff, makes you believe that some people really do believe in and give top notch customer service.We recommend you consider staying here whilst in London, great location with easy access to major attractions.	
Jan 5 2009 	A Hidden Gem	Went to London for the New Years Eve fireworks. We wanted a hotel close to the embankment and this was nice and close. A smart glass hotel, reception area very spacious with plenty of check-in desks. (Just one little niggly point at this stage, make sure you take the card you used to pay for your accomodation, had to go through the rigmarole of refunding my original card and charging it to the one I had brought with me. Can't really see the point of that, they had payment for the room when I booked it originally. They must have their reasons but have to say have never experienced that before!!). Rooms are nice and clean with bright bathroom. No bath just a shower, but that wasn't a problem. Excellent breakfast both mornings that we were there. NY Day was buffet style including the hot food and was served between 7am and 3pm!! The 2nd morning , the hot food is served at your table, plenty of choice and not mean with the portions. Far better way of doing breakfast as it was nice and hot, not luke warm as it has tended to be in other 4* hotels we have stayed in whilst in London. Nice bar on the 1st floor, bit pricey but then it is London. Double measures tho. All staff are very friendly and nothing is too much. (Hello to Paola on check-out, very helpful.). Will definately be back.	
Jan 5 2009 	good location shame about the food	stayed here to bring in the new year. First time in London for new year and booked the new years eve package. I upgraded room to a suite which had a great view and a lovely size bathroom. Very clean and could not hear the lift so got a great night sleep especially as the bed was hudge and soft. The best thing about this place is the bar. The bar men take special pride in there job, watching them make my cocktails was very pleasing, especially the italian guy as he has huge passion which is lacking in most london bars, it started my night off lovely.My problems with my stay was that the new years eve buffet was extremely poor. Most of the dishes were bland except for the beef wellington which was ok. We had to wait around for ages before they bought cutlery to serve us the vegtables so the beef wellington layed cold on our plates while we waited in line. Very disapointing. Also the puddings were adverage. Would have been better to had stayed at home and got in some marks food. We also went up to the sky bar, which had great views and lots of champagne but the canapes were very salty and were brought round by waiters not very often and there was not enough to offer people. Very bad, shame on you city inn for being tight. The staff are extremely friendly but check your bill when you check out. They tried to over charge us for the amount of £40. The Lady that checked us out also short changed us for £10 which we only realised once we were home.	
Jan 5 2009 	perfect hotel in central london	Really loved this hotel, after a bad experience in london a few years ago was this a very good one.We had a nice and clean and modern room. With everything you want included, also free internet with an imac.Did not try breakfast or a restaurant, but everything else was ok, good service from nice people wo know how persons like to be treatet, will definitly use this hotel again if im in London some other time, well it helped with the bad currency course for britisch money, that made it more availabel for me. its like a ten minute walk to the tube, but the bus 88 goes to all the sights in central london, so i would recomend that one before the subway. it goes after the hotel, to westminster abbey, bigben,travalqar square,regent street, picadilly circus,oxford circus......and so on....	
Jan 5 2009 	Loved it.	I booked this hotel for my girlfriend's birthday. It was precisely what we wanted - spacious, clean, quiet, and with great features. The room came with free internet supplied through a very swanky 20-something inch iMac which also functioned as the TV - and the reception handed out free DVDs to watch on it. The bar was expensive, but very swanky. The gym looked nice, but we're far too lazy to have used it.It's not exactly close to the fun stuff - it's near Lambeth Bridge so it's close to Parliament and the Thames, but it's a bit of a walk into Leicester Square etc. That's a very, very minor thing though, I love this hotel, and I definitely intend to go back.	
Jan 4 2009 	Advice from a seasoned guest	This was between my 20th and 30th stay at the City Inn Westminster Hotel. I don't remember exactly. However, this in itself, says a great deal about my experience of the place. I have only now been prompted to post this review because I think I have finally sussed the place out...well almost. Location: Excellent. Near enough to walk to Covent Garden, Regent Street, Wheel etc. But at the same time, lovely and quiet. Plus, you can feel very safe around and about the area. Facilities: Nice and contemporary design which they seem to be keeping reasonably fresh. On my past few visits I've felt that things have been starting to look tired but there is now evidence that they are freshening things up (new carpet, bit of decorating etc). Free WIFI is a massive selling point for me. Also the iMac in every room is a top notch idea. Showers are fantastic. This brings me onto the final point...Staff: 99% of the staff are not adequately fluent in English. Over my many, many stays at the hotel, I have (of course) had need to speak to staff regarding queries, small problems and a couple of serious problems (on this recent trip this involved a fairly serious leak in the bathroom which made the sink unusuable - we eventaully changed rooms). NONE of these things needed to have caused serious problems IF HANDLED CORRECTLY. However, in almost every case, there was a complete breakdown of communication which leads to unneccesary misunderstanding. It isn't until you speak to someone more senior, who clearly has a better grasp of the English language, that real progress can be made in resolving the issue. Don't get me wrong. I will continue to go back and back to this hotel. Infact I love it. But it could be so much better. So...Dear City Inn (if you're reading this),Please give your staff some additional literacy training. The hotel is in London. Not on the continent. Keep on top of the hotel design. The minimalist look that you achieved so succesfully, will only last so long. You must keep freshening this up. Build a swimming pool and spa: this will make it one of the best hotels in London.	
Jan 1 2009 	Lovely hotel	As with all City Inns I have stayed in this didn't disappoint. Managed to get a really reasonable package direct through their website.Situated in a quiet area but it was simple to get into the centre of London. Walking distance to the Eye/Westminster etc.There are very few bars/restaurants in the immediate area though.Only a couple of mins walk from the bus stop (no 88 bus) which takes you straight into Oxford Street etc.I would say the write up location wise in proximity to the tubes is a little underestimated. Add an extra 5 mins walking time to those stated in their website.We asked for a river view which we did get although only a side view. Mac in room is great and free wifi a bonus.Overall a great stay.	
Dec 31 2008	A Very Good Choice	Choosing a hotel for our family's first trip to London was one of the more difficult tasks we faced as we made preparations for our trip. We chose the City Inn in Westminster based on reviews that reported good service, clean rooms, a convenient and safe location, and useful amenities (including an IMac computer in each room). The hotel lived up to its good reviews and we were very pleased with our experience. The rooms were compact with limited storage, but we never felt cramped (we had two rooms for our family of four). The bathrooms were similarly tight but well executed---and we enjoyed the &quot;power shower.&quot; Having the computer in the room was great, and we used it each night to plan our itenerary for the next day. The locaton seems a little off the tourist map but sites such as Big Ben and the Houses of Parliament are within walking distance, and the Pimlico Underground station is just a few blocks away. The downside to the location is a lack of restaurants in the area. In all we were very happy with this hotel.	
Dec 30 2008 	All excellent apart from reservation stage...	I contact the hotel directly to make a reservation because i originally thought that this would be easier, and i like to get a 'feel' for a hotel prior to my visit. This hotel was recommended by my friend who stayed there in October last year, obviously a lot had changed in this time.When i called to make a reservation i was 'on hold' to speak to an agent for over 10 minutes, i asked the lady on the switchboard whether it was possible to get a call back with the answer of 'it'll only be a few minutes more, i can see that they are not so busy' I was astounded by this comment; if the reservation agents were 'not so busy' why was it taking forever to be transferred through? When i brought up this point with the lady she informed me that 'they have other things to do as well as answer calls!' This comment annoyed me more than the first.I was determined to stay on the line, my friend had told me what a great stay she had had in this hotel so i just put it down to bad training in that one department.When i finally got transferred to reservations my call was taken by a girl (i am not sure the name) but she seemed to not recognise a single word of which i was saying.. being a 4* hotel in London i found this strange. I am English, Speaking English, to an English hotel, why can they not understand me??I had to be transferred to another agent to take my call in the end because i was getting fed up after the 4th or 5th time of repeating myself.I was looking for a room, single occupancy for the best available rate..i do not understand what is wrong with this request.When i finally got transferred to the Reservations Manager i managed to book my room at the best available rate (even though later i found better options online, through www.cityinn.com) This did not bother me at first because i got to speak to someone that could understand me, thank you Aisha.Upon check in i found it hard also, the majority of staff did not seem to know how to work their computer system. I wouldn't complain if it was a problem with the actual computer but i was told on many occasions that this was definately not the case- with a gentleman informing me that the girl was 'new' and only been working with them for a few 'months' MONTHS i thought to myself.. after MONTHS of working at an establishment and not knowing how to check in??After my 2 bad experiences of facing the hotel directly i was pleasantly suprised at the excellent service in the Millbank Lounge bar. I was served by a lovely gentleman who was very polite and sympathetic. Thank You AnvirI must say that my overnight stay was very comfortable, the room was lovely and to the standard that you would expect. Check out thankfully was much smoother than the Check in.Final thoughts? I think that the front of house staff need a bit more training on how to deal with a 'private' customer but your bar staff esp Anvr are lovely.	
Dec 27 2008 	Perfect!	I've stayed in different Hotels in London but this is The Best. I was a little bit afraid that the location was to far from everything but it was not. Easy walk to Buckingham Palace etc.and everybody knows that London is very big so take the tube or a taxi. Stayed in the Tames Master-Suite a great room ( BIG and a view over the Tames) for a reasonble rate, the other ones stayed in a Clubroom also a great room. All the Barman make very good Cocktails and we had dinner in restaurant twice, we all liked the food. I really liked the fact that younger Staff also can be good Staff. The Hotel is modern and still cozy and very spacious, next time we will book again in City Inn Westminster.	
Dec 23 2008 	Comfy bed!	We stayed here so that we could get to the sights along the River Thames easily and we could certainly do that! A really easy walk got us to the Houses of Parliament, lovely to wander along the Thames path. Also very easy to walk to the Tate Britain (nice restaurant!) and Pimlico tube station.The room was very clean and spacious for a London hotel, nice shower gel in the bathroom etc. Although we paid for a club room, there was so much to do within walking distance we didn't really make the most of it (didn't go to the bar etc). Very comfy bed and very powerful shower in the morning. Super.	
Dec 22 2008 	clean and comfortable	My husband and I choose to stay at city inn after reading the reviews. The reviews were right. It was really good hotel. We know london very well, but we needed to stay in a hotel this time. As we consider London hotel very small, old and not good facility. This hotel was very different. The hotel is new and everything works well. There was mac pc in the room for using computer and watching tv. internet connection is free and works very well.The amenity is good, too. 'The white company' which is very popular mark in UK.I also liked breakfast. There are good selections.only negative point was- service can be bit slow( concierge and reception if you call)- The location which is quite far from all the stations( closest is pimlico, but 12mins by walk. You can also use westminster and victoria)Over all, we were really satisfied and if we have to stay in a hotel in London, we will come back there again.	
Dec 21 2008	Exceeded expectations	I read the reviews before booking and thought the hotel could not live up to them! However, it exceeded them. Check-in and check-out were quick, friendly and efficient. The room and bathroom were spotless, the bed very comfortable. The imac was very useful. We had dinner in the hotel on the first night - wish we had done so on our second night! Breakfast was also a very high standard. This was a surprise birthday trip for my husband - we will certainly use this hotel again when visiting London. Thank you to all the staff for whom nothing seemed too much trouble.	
Dec 20 2008 	Another Reliable City Inn	Well located and a short walk from the sites of westminster and Pimlico tube station the City Inn is a well appointed 4 star hotel.The rooms are the usual City Inn arrangement with multimedia iMac solution in every guestroom. Had breakfast in the hotel which was very nice and relaxed.	
Dec 16 2008 	Don't bother with the club	Still a good hotel for Central London, but rooms starting to look a bit shabby.Don't bother with the Club rooms - really not worth the extra money for what you get (newspaper, drink in the bar, bottle of mineral water and that's about it for £30 per night). Only really worthwhile add-on is the 4pm check out IF you need it.Bar unbelievably expensive after your one complimentary drink.	
Dec 10 2008 	Excellent hotel in London!	The hotel is situated in a calm area with only 10 minutes walking distance to Big Ben. Also tubestation 5 minutes walk away. The service is fantastic, rooms are fully equipped from internet with iMac and even little details such as bathrobe etc. It is also tastefully decorated.We would absolutely stay there again and highly recommend this hotel!	
Dec 8 2008 	Excellent!!!	Don't give it a second thought. This hotel is great! The staff is really polite and willing to assist in everything. Their welcome was really warm. The rooms are spacious, spotless, with modern decoration and equipped with all the amenities. The matress, pillows and textilles are there for a great sleep. The bedroom is also great. The food is excellent! We couldn't ask for more from this hotel. We stayed for 2 nights and didn't want to leave. We are definitely coming back!	
Dec 1 2008 	Fantastic find	I found this hotel through this website and stayed there for one night in a City Club room. The hotel is very stylish and modern, and has a bar (with good cocktails) and a restaurant, which we didn't try. Our room came with complimentary drinks, and was not ready when we arrived, so we were given an complimentary drink each to pass the time. The hotel is a couple of minutes walk from Pimlico tube station and the Tate, and St James Park and Westminster tube stations are within easy walking distance.The City Club rooms are large and well appointed, although they do not have baths, and the bathroom is pretty poky. A City Club room should also come with a fruit platter and bottle of mineral water, although ours didn't, but these were promptly delivered when we contacted reception.There is an Apple iMac computer in each room, which is very handy as you can browse the web as well as watching TV. You can also watch DVDs and listen to CDs. Apparently the hotel has a large library of these available.	
Nov 26 2008 	Superb Hotel	This is a great hotel, on arrival the staff were efficient and friendly, nothing seemed to be a problem for them. Our room on the fifth floor was smart clean and fresh it looks as though we were it's first ever occupants! The IMac in the room is a great innovation, especially for tourists like ourselves as it enabled us to check out the various options for the days activities before leaving the room and we were also able to check our return rail journey before leaving. The hotel also offers a very good menu in the dining room where a three course meal can be had for £17.50 not bad for central london. The breakfast is also very good but be warned I would challenge anyone with a normal appetite to finish the Full English Breakfast!. The hotel also enjoys a favourable location although there are no tube stations nearby but if you like a walk as we do it is quite easy to walk from there to most of the Theatres on the strand and if you really feel like some exercise you can walk to Harrods (it took us 40mins) I would reccommend this hotel to anyone and it's not often I can say that.	
Nov 25 2008 	My preference for a London stay	I have stayed at this hotel since it was opened, and I found it instantly a great place to stay. In the first months you could get an excellent room for less than £100 inc breakfast. Just a few years later it has become really popular and the full rate last week was over £230 ex breakfast!The decor is bright and modern, and the rooms are excellent to work in. Free internet (ask for a cable when you check in if you do not use wifi), and a Mac in the room!There's no tube station nearby.	
Nov 25 2008 	What a Great Hotel!!	Just returned from a 3 night stay at the City Inn Westminster. Would happily recommend this hotel to anyone - it was fabulous!Booked the stay through the hotels own website and got a rate of £92 per night including breakfast (breakfast normally costs a staggering £17.50 per person per day!). So was delighted with this deal.Check in was friendly and efficient, although no mention was made of the champagne and canopes that were supposed to be part of the deal. However as we were going straight out after checking in didn't bother chasing this up.Our room on the 12th floor was stylish, modern and spotlessly clean. The bathroom was immaculate, maybe a bit on the compact side and a bath would have been the icing on the cake, although the shower was great, loads of clean white towels and toiletries were lovely. The I Mac entertainment system was a great touch. The bed was comfortable and the bedding consisted of a lovely duvet. There were tea and coffee making facilities, a full sized iron and ironing board and a proper sized hairdryer (hidden away in the wardrobe). The floor to ceiling window gave wonderful views over the city and I found the room very quiet.Overall the room was fab and couldn't complain about a single thing.Breakfast was fantastic. We were seated and served quickly and efficiently. The cooked breakfast was hot and delicious with eggs done to your taste. There was also a good selection on the continental buffet. The freshly squeezed organge juice deserves a mention all of its own! Again couldn't fault a thing here.The hotel location was also good being only an easy ten minute walk from Pimlico Tube and about the same to Westminster.We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and were impressed by the hotel and the staff. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Nov 24 2008 	Lovely Hotel!	My Husband and I stayed at this hotel on the weekend for my Birthday. We stayed for 2 nights and booked the autumn special which included breakfast and champagne and canapes.We loved this hotel, the staff were excellent and very friendly. The hotel is very clean and modern. We were sent a complimentary bottle of wine to our room as it was my Birthday which we thought was a lovely touch. The room was lovely, very clean, neat and tidy. We didnt have a very nice view but that didnt matter really. I was dissapointed there wasnt a bath but the powershower was great. Each room has an Apple Imac which you can use for watching tv, dvds, listening to music and surfing the internet. There is a list of complimentary dvds and cds at reception which you can have whenever you want 24hrs! My husband loves films so this went down well - considering the price you have to pay for films in previous hotels we have stayed at!The breakfast was fantastic, cooked individually for you and you can choose exactly what you want. Also fab continental breakfast. The breakfast room was really nice and all the staff were very friendly, approachable and helpful. It did get very busy on the Saturday morning but this didnt affect us much, we had to wait a couple of mins for a free table which didnt bother us at all.The walk to the tube was about 10 mins but it was a nice walk past the houses of parliment.We would definetly stay in this hotel again and would highly recomend it.	
Nov 23 2008 	Good shame about breakfast	This hotel was fine - clean room, comfy bed, good shower. It wasn't as cheap as some reviewers make out, and we upped it to a package with breakfast and champagne on arrival. Two huge niggles: if you're offering an incentive (champagne) then offer it graciously - there was no way we were able to have this in our room, which is what I'd plotted and worked my arrangements around for this romantic weekend. We were sent instead to the bar, where almost every seat was taken - they have a capacity problem I think in their public areas, at busy times it just doesn't work - long queue at breakfast on the Saturday, and we rose early on the Sunday simply to avoid it. And the breakfast - we sent it back both days because it was stone cold. I wonder whether the charming eastern european staff extend into the kitchen and they just don't get the need for hot food to in the UK? And a bit of thought would eradicate cold scrambled egg with salmon - of course, if you lay a slice of chilled salmon on the brioche then cover it with scrambled egg, the egg will be cold within a minute or two - why not leave it on the plate? It really was a shame as otherwise the welcomes, smiles, quality of room etc were good - I would have given it 5 stars if I didn't feel so irritated.	
Nov 20 2008	Nice hotel very central while still being peaceful and quiet.	This hotel is brilliant in terms of location.If from abroad and flying into Gatwick, you just get the train to Victoria Station and it's 5 mins in a taxi from there to hotel.Westminster Tube station is the nearest and best station to hotel for your travelling while staying there, has all the main tube lines there, as opposed to Pimlico.The hotel itself is very nice, nice bar, reception area, cafe etc.The room is also very nice, Bathroom VERY small I thought, but believe that's the norm in London.WE didn't eat there, would have like some plain type cooking on the menu but didn't really see it, and we wanted to eat out anyway.It's only 5 mins walk to some of the landmarks of london, (Big Ben, westminster abbey, houses of parliament, London Eye, all very very close.Trafalgar square and buckingham palace also close enough to walk.So for location I thought it couldn't be bettered.Price was reasonable looking at some other prices elsewhere.And is very modern hotel in comparison to others I looked at.I'd defo stay here again, if returning to London.If it had a bigger bathroom with bath rather than the small one (with a great power shower all the same) it would be completely perfect.	
Nov 17 2008	Fabulous Comfy Bed 	There are many good things about this hotel, to keep it short I will mention just a few. 1. The most comfortable bed, I wanted to bring it home with me!2. A great freshly prepared cooked breakfast made individually to your liking, as well as a continental buffet - perfect way to start your sightseeing day!3. The most friendly staff, nothing was too much trouble (something I was not really expecting in busy London!).The only down side was the walk to the nearest tube station (Pimlico) took 10 mins but this may have been due to having my 80 year old mother in law with us!!Will definately be staying there again!	
Nov 14 2008 	Great modern Hotel love the imacs	Went to London for a long weekend, City Inn is in equal distance from both Pimlico and Westminster tube (about 5-10 walk) and isnt to hard to find. if coming from Pimlico just follow the signs to tate britain.The hotel is very modern, had a warm welcome from reception, lots of smiles, the room as lovely, every room has an imac which can be used for free internet acces, play DVD's, music, or use as a TV, i think it had most of the freeview channels. The bed was very comfy, and big fluffy pillows. the bathroom is small but has powershower, and white label products. the hotel and rooms are all very modern and stylish, if you want old character charm, this isnt the place, but i prefer new.... and clean!very easy check out, and they let us leave our bags for a couple of hours, (for free) so we could go out and about on our last day.the surrounding area is quite, as you are in the city here, but you are only 5-10 mintues to the tube and would be in the center of town within 10 minutes from there.i would recommed this hotel and would definitely return.	
Nov 13 2008 	Affordable and delightful	This place is an incredible bargain in an expensive part of the city. Rooms are small but well furnished (think Ikea-type modern). I think this hotel has done an excellent job of cutting out the extraneous hotel stuff (mini shampoos to keep, bathtubs) to keep the price reasonable while still offering important stuff (computer in the room, internet access, great showerhead).My one complaint, a pet peeve of mine: The towels were worn and not very soft.I would stay here again without hesitation.	
Nov 13 2008 	Great London Locoation	Me and my partner stayed here for her birthday for a couple of nights. Hotel was great, clean, helpful staff, although the fire alarm did go off at 3am!! The breakfast which was included in our rate was fantastic. Lots to choose from and sets you up for a busy day in the city. I had read the location was good , but didnt realise it until we walked out of the hotel, across to the river and there was Big Ben. Perfect location, as it is quiet around the hotel, but a five minute walk and your in London town.	
Nov 12 2008 	Truly Excellent Hotel!	I spent a very pleasant three nights at this hotel with my fiancé recently. The staff were beyond friendly and very helpful. From the moment we arrived (checked in at 11:30 AM with no difficulties), to having dinner in the excellent restaurant, to check out, the staff were top tier and amongst the very best I have encountered in any hotel at any price!The rooms were clean and bright, and adequately sized considering the central London location. The rooms themselves have excellent soundproofing, so light sleepers will have no difficulties with traffic noise or noisy guests!Many top attractions (Big Ben &amp; Houses of Parliament, London Eye, Tate Britain art gallery) are only a short, pleasant stroll away. Westminster is also amongst the safest places to stay whilst in London.The inclusion of the Apple iMac in the bedroom was a definite bonus as it freed me from having to pack my laptop, always a plus when traveling light for a short weekend break. If traveling on a budget then do yourself a favour and order one of their excellent breakfast rolls with tea or coffee for around a fiver, and eat in your room!Considering the location, friendly helpful staff, clean bright rooms, this hotel is a bargain. Midweek rates start from as little as £50 GB €60 $75 rates correct as of 11/11/2008).The nearest Tube station at Pimlico is only 10 minutes walk (0.5 miles, 800m) and connects directly with Tottenham Hale station, where one can get the Train to Stanstead Airport. If traveling by Tube it makes sense to purchase a prepaid Oyster card. These are available from Underground stations (for a £3 refundable deposit) and can be topped up as and when needed. Typically £20 will cover an average long weekend’s travel requirements.All in all an excellent hotel that I can recommend unreservedly!	
Nov 10 2008 	Great hotel - fantastic staff	I always have a slight dread of visiting London as I come from a sleepy part of Scotland, but cannot praise this place highly enough.The hotel in terms of facility was first rate, but the thing that made it outstanding was the staff.From the front door, to the front desk, all the way through to the housekeeping staff, they all seemed to care that I had everything that I needed, and that I was enjoying my stay.As Arnie says, 'I'll be back'.	
Nov 8 2008 	Amazing hotel and helpful staff	I stayed in this hotel with my husband few weeks ago and could say it's really nice and modern hotel. First terrific impression makes the lobby with enormous vases of flowers and polished reception desk. Although there were some construction works going on outside our room window, kind lady from reception named Vilija instantly offered us another room, which had nice view and we were pleased to be given complimentary drink vouchers.Breakfast was included in the rate and it was more than delicious. The restaurant staff was quite busy, but we were served suitably and efficiently.As our flight back was just in the evening, we were adviced to leave our luggage in hotel without any extra charges and could easy do some more sightseeing instead off caring our heavy bags together.I am sure we will choose this hotel next time while visiting London.	
Nov 8 2008 	Highly Recommended	We booked this hotel after reading the Trip Advisor reviews and it does not disappoint. It is a 20 minute walk past the Houses of Parliament in to the West End so it is very convenient. Got a great rate on the hotel web site. Staff are friendly and helpful. Most excellently, however, is the apple mac in the room that allows you to surf for local attractions etc.Plus super comfy beds!	
Nov 5 2008 	Clean modern and comfortable hotel	My husband and I spent four nights at the City Inn. The rooms were very clean and modern and the bed was quite comfortable. I liked that the Mac in the room can also be used as a television. They provided robes, wine glasses, and everything needed for afternoon tea. In addition to the Mac in the room, they also have wireless internet included in the rate of your hotel stay. I would definitely stay at this hotel again. The proximity to two nearby tube stations was good--a five or ten minute walk, and Big Ben, the Westminster Abbey, and London Eye are also nearby.	
Nov 4 2008 	Great room	This is a great hotel. The room is huge compared with others I have stayed in while in London. The bed was very comfortable. In room, there is an Imac that doubles as the TV -- I thought that was pretty innovative. The only problem was learning how to use it (I am a PC guy).The breakfast was good and the bar was, ahem, chic. The only drawback was the distance to the nearest tube station. It is smack dab in the middle of Pimlico and Westminster.	
Oct 30 2008 	Loved the City Inn	Me and a friend stayed here for a couple of nights in September.Delightful reception staff who checked us in quickly. The room was a good size, bathroom small and just a shower no bath. Breakfast was fantastic. Good selection of fresh fruits, cereals, breads, croissants, too much to mention, followed by a freshly cooked breakfast which, in my opinion, beats the usual buffet breakfast served at some hotels. We found the staff in the dining room friendly and efficient. We would not hesitate to return to this hotel and would recommend it to anyone.	
Oct 29 2008 	Would come back to the City Inn	Got a very good deal including full breakfast. Staff were very helpful and despite a minor mix up with twin/double room booking, I was very pleased. (In fact Icouldn't actually see any difference between the rooms.)The hotel is a little off the beaten track, but still very close to Parliament Square and Westminster Tube station, and when you grasp the local geography, it is easy to find.The rooms are clean and well appointed and the building in general is very well maintained. As a purpose built hotel there is perhaps an air of functionality about the place but this is in no way a criticism.I would certainly have no qualms about returning.	
Oct 28 2008 	Gone downhill in the last 2 years	We first stayed at the City Inn two years ago and had such a great time that we didn't look at any other hotel the next time we came back to London.Although the front of house staff are amazingly helpful, standards at the hotel have started to slide. We checked in at 4pm and that took over ten minutes for them to find us a room, even though we booked over a month earlier. We were on the Autumn package that offered us free champagne on arrival. That was actually only valid between 6pm and 8pm that evening - no use when we had theatre tickets booked and needed to leave the hotel well in advance of that time.On Sunday morning we waited over 15 minutes for breakfast. The hotel was very busy and they had thoughtfully opened up the private dining room on the first floor and put a buffet breakfast on there to contain the overspill. Unfortunately the staff upstairs were not talking to the staff downstairs and it took them far too long to find a table for the two of us, even though downstairs had plenty of space. We both ordered the full English breakfast which arrived promptly. I had to send mine back because everything on the plate was cold. The replacement again arrived quickly and was on a warm plate, but now some of the things had been burnt in order to warm them up. The breakfast on Monday was much better, although it took 20 minutes to arrive, possibly because we avoided the bacon and egg option.There were other little things that you would not expect to find - no bath towels in the bathroom, Wi-fi in the room didn't always work and the computer was also temperamental. The staff sorted out the problems quickly and efficiently, but they shouldn't be happening in the first place.	
Oct 25 2008 	Great Location near Tate Britain!	City Inn was extremely convenient to the Tate Britain. We had only one full day in London and had to see the Francis Bacon show at the Tate! We were able to walk along the Thames and see some sights as well. The Hotel is contemporary in design and very practical, really well suited for business travel. The Mac entertainment system/computer in the room was a great added bonus which worked well incorporating television, music and the internet makes great sense, and no extra fees for using it. The bed was comfortable although a bit smaller than what we are used to (a double instead of a queen/king). The bathroom was small but quite efficient. Great recommendations for dining from Guest Services for breakfast and dinners. Really a good stay! Only downside (really not much of one...) the elevator telling you everything it is doing...&quot;closing doors, closing doors, closing doors&quot;.	
Oct 24 2008 	Great Location	We booked a theatre and hotel package and selected the City Inn after reading the reviews on TripAdvisor. Check in excellent - we arrived well in advance of the stated check in time, received a friendly greeting and were allocated a room and permitted an early check-in which was really appreciated.Rooms are well furnished, meticulously clean with good quality toiletries. The provision of the IMAC was very useful. The hotel is ideally situated within a short walk to Parliament and is in a quiet location, we heard no noise during the night.The only issue that prevented a score of five was the disappointing service at breakfast, whilst the choice is good, my order for a cooked English breakfast was let down by the electronic ordering system provided to the wating staff after reminding the waitress some 15 minutes after taking my order, she resorted to pen and paper and it appeared within 2-3 minutes. (I would not have paid £17.50 per person for breakfast had it not been included)Check out - extremely efficient and luggage storage offered, staff service excellent.PS - The Jersey Boys show at the Prince Edward is fabulous.	
Oct 22 2008 	Excellent Hotel Great service and Ambience!	Great hotel, great service and the room was excellent. This made our anniversary weekend ever so more memorable. The staff were second to none. I would recommend this hotel to anyone. I will definately be staying here again. The room facilities were top notch and the food in the Bar and Restaurant was exceptional. Highly recommended to anyone wanting a perfect stay and so close to the centre too!	
Oct 18 2008 	Great dining as well	Stayed here for a weekend in October. comfortable no messing room. Struggled with the Apple technology. probably easier for the younger generation.Had breakfast lunch and dinner during the stay. all well very good indeed but the availalbility of the wines on the list was poor.	
Oct 17 2008 	Very good hotel	Just back from a weekend at the City Inn Hotel.The hotel is very well located, closer to subway stations than expected. The area is really nice and quiet.The rooms were big enough , new and clean, but the bathroom is too small for a 4 star hotel. 2 people can not stay there at the same time.Breakfast was included in a wonderful price (we got a spetial autumn preview rate) and it was one of the best I´ve ever seen.Definitely I´ll go back there in my next trip to London.	
Oct 16 2008 	Wonderful Hotel!	Myself and 9 friends spent a Girly-weekend at the City Inn Westminster in May 2008. It was a very nice contemporary hotel, seemed posh for the great rate we got! Some of my friends had some trouble w/ the techi stuff in their room, but the staff solved the problems promptly. The breakfast buffet was outstanding! Quiet location. I will definitely recommend and return here!	
Oct 13 2008	Great hotel	Requested early check in but room not ready, the reception staff said she didn't want to change the room as it was a nice room. It was a nice room with a view of the river. Luggage looked after for us to go out. Really nice quiet location.Nice modern room clean, contemporary decor, great to have the Imac to use. Great customer relations. Would have no hesitation using this hotel again or recommending it to others.	
Oct 12 2008 	This is a great hotel	The City Inn is a really nice modern hotel. We booked a suite which was not that expensive and it was lovely. Nice robes, great TV and internet access. Nothing was too much for the hotel. Stayed in so many hotels in London and for price and location, this has to be the best one. The tube is a little far but not that far. We took taxis at night time and didn't pay more than £8 -so better way to travel to your destination.	
Oct 12 2008 	A fantastic stay.	City inn just get it right. The service is perfect, the staff dedicated, passionate and helpful. The airy light common areas and rooms are an antidote to dark dank hotels with mediocre service. The rooms are well designed and most of all, offer an excellent nights sleep. The sound proofing and the beds/linen are not bettered in any hotel that I have stayed at. Having free internet access/TV etc in the room on the iMac is fantastic. The restaurant is excellent too. The menu is wide ranging and the quality of locallly produced food is excellent. Great value for central London. The overall attention to detail is first class. The hotel manager was particularly helpful and professional. I would recommend this for anyone. Just a great experience for anyone who cares about a great stay, great service and great food in a modern and contemporary hotel.	
Oct 6 2008 	A good stay could have been better though	I just got back from two nights at the City Inn, and had a good time, but the hotel was lacking something...Check-in was a bit of a disaster - they had no idea about the rate I had booked online (Autumn preview - breakfast, champagne on arrival, late check-out etc), even though I booked directly through the hotels website! After some careful explaining on my part, I received what I was expecting, and some extra drinks vouchers (much appreciated in the Millbank Lounge)!There was also some confusion about payment - I had checked before booking that if I paid in advance for the rate on another persons debit card, there would be no problem (the trip was a birthday present). However, it turns out that the rate was not pre-paid and so I had to pay - not a problem as it turns out, but could have been a problem for others. Was just irratating as I had specifically checked this, but oh well.The room we had was amazing, really spacious and great views from the 11th floor, no complaints at all here. Very modern and clean room, much better than others I have stayed at in London.Location - the area itself was great, very safe and a few minutes walk to the Thames. Westminster tube was about 10 mins walk away, lovely route. I enjoy exploring and walking, but the location may not be ideal for those who want a tube a bit closer for added convenience.The staff at breakfast were very friendly, but all seemed very disorganised (down to management, very chaotic). This disorganisation seemed apparent throughout our stay, every member of staff was very friendly, but not always very knowledgeable or well trained, so this area could be improved.Overall, I did really enjoy the City Inn (even though I have seemed a little negative!)! The hotel itself is lovely, and the location is good and quiet. If the staff were better managed/trained, I think this hotel could be even better. But for the price, this is a great place to stay in London.	
Oct 6 2008 	Great hotel	Stayed here for a weekend, end of september 2008. This is really a great hotel, excellent staff, nice room, good bed. The room has all the usual things like minibar, waterboiler (hidden in a drawer, I first didn't think they had any), iron. Instead of the TV they have an Imac computer. Free and easy internet access, DVD's can be borrowed for free, small selection, but still. I brought some movies on a thumbdrive, I plugged it in and it worked without problems. This is really a great service!The breakfast is really good! I had english breakfast prepaid, but there is the usual selection of yogurt, cereals and bread too. Fresh fruit and orangejuice, nice.They have a cafe and restaurant too, but I didn't try them.Only negative I can say about this hotel is the prices for the room service, it's expensive.This is truly a great hotel and I will surely come back.	
Oct 2 2008 	What a FANTASTIC Hotel - Everything Perfect!	This Hotel is a Must to visit. Its just great. Everything about it oozes customer service and top class quality accommodation / food for reasonable prices. They have a kitchen Menu with little selection but the dishes on there are just exquisite. No wonder this Hotel continues to win award after award - Well deserved in my opinion. I'll definately go back to this Hotel again - as soon as I can!	
Sep 30 2008 	Excellent hotel	I just got back from a 4 night stay in London for business. This hotel was recommended to me by the client. I really enjoyed my stay at the City Inn. The staff was always helpful and accomodating. Free wireless was a nice plus. The restaurant and lounge were very nice as well. I'd also say that the location was extremely convenient. Right down the road from Westminster Abbey and Parliment ... very easy walk to Trafalgar Square as well. I would highly recommend the City Inn !	
Sep 30 2008 	Great 7 Night Stay at The City Inn	My wife and I enjoyed our stay at The City Inn. We were sightseeing and we found the location perfect as it was a short walk to all the terrific Government sites like Parliament and very close to the sites on the South Bank via the Tate Boat.My wife was also teaching an online class during this time and the rooms Imac had the browser she needed and she had free use of the computer at all times. This saved her the trouble of having to bring her own lap top and the expense of paying for internet access.We found a terrific Italian Deli close by as well as a reasonably priced store to purchase soft drinks etc.We had an English Breakfast as part of our package and the meal was always excellent with plenty of fresh choices. We also found a wonderful venue for Concerts a few minutes away at Smith Square. This is an beautiful English baroque Church designed by Thomas Archer.The room was small but clean and the bed and pillows were very comfortable. I liked the fact that you could open the window for some fresh air. We will return.	
Sep 28 2008 	Good night had	Good hotel in a great location for Westminster, Tate Britain and the SouthBank. Easy access from Pimlico tube. Rooms great and service from staff excellent. Well worth a late drink in the bar (if a little expensive!)	
Sep 27 2008 	Truly outstanding hotel	Stayed at the City Inn on the back end of a work trip to Amsterdam and London. It was the perfect refuge after a week of meetings. The hotel has great modern design but the rooms have a very homey feeling. My bed was really comfortable, the bathroom was sparkling, and the service was first-rate throughout. One thing I really appreciated, after being nickeled and dimed by the other two places I'd stayed during the trip, was the free wi-fi. You can connect to their network for free from your laptop, and each room has an i-Book that functions both as the television and a computer w/internet. The hotel is located in a quiet corner of Westminster, a couple blocks away from the Tate Britain and w/in walking distance of Parliament and the surrounding sights. I can't say enough about how happy I was with my experience. Oh, and they run great special deals from their website...I got a very reasonable rate for my stay. Highly recommended.	
Sep 25 2008	Great hotel but expensive eats	This is a fantastic hotel with a great location. I would definitely come back again. Note that the hotel restaurant is pretty pricey. Plan your meals in town or try to get a package deal that includes breakfast.	
Sep 25 2008 	Nice and a bit swanky	I stayed at the City Inn for three days on a business trip. However, the location made it hard not to mix in some pleasure into my travels. Apart from the staff having no clue what’s around the hotel from a non-major attraction perspective (Places to eat etcetera) the hotel was very nice. Twenty Four hour rooms service and right in the heart of Westminster, minutes away from the Thames and just a short walk to the eye. Nice location, nice digs, and friendly staff.If you’re not London, you should note that nearly all pubs and restaurants close up between 11 &amp; Midnight. So eat early if you can.	
Sep 24 2008 	Nice hotel	We stayed at the hotel on 21st September after reading many reviews as I always do before we stay anywhere.The hotel is in good location, about a 10 minute walk from Westminster, and is in a nice quiet area.The staff were very nice, as was our room, a decent size for central London, and very clean.The one thing that spoilt my stay is that they want a £50 pre autorisation on check in to cover any mini bar, bar, other bills etc etc. I didn't have a problem doing this as I though that they would clear the pre authorisation as I checked out, especially since I paid the small £5 mini bar bill by cash. Three days after checking out and the £50 still has not been cleared back to my account, even though after an email to the hotel confirmed it should have been.I think they should make it perfectly clear when you book that they will require this deposit.Otherwise an enjoyable stay, would stay again but would make sure that if it takes them 20seconds to take £50 deposit of you, it should take 20seconds to give it back, not what is approaching 4 days.	
Sep 23 2008 	Great place to stay	This hotel was a great hotel. The lobby and room was very modern and clean. You had internet access 247 which was nice and the staff was very helpful. They allowed us late check out the next day and room service was great. It was a little far from the St. Pancras Station but you can walk to Buckingham Palace. Make sure you take the double decker tour bus, its worth it!!	
Sep 21 2008 	Excellent	Clean, modern, good service and great location (a few minutes walk to the Parliament House and Westminster Abbey, right next to Tate Britain and close to the Pimlico tube station). Breakfast was good but if you find it too expensive, you can go to the bakery a few steps away. Ask the reception desk for directions.It was quiet at night though. Ask reception which bus to catch from the Victoria tube station or Westminster tube station if the Pimlico line is down again. It was when I was there.	
Sep 18 2008 	Great Hotel	I have just returned from a trip to London to celebrate mine and my friends birthdays. The hotel was great, it is modern, clean and the staff are extremely helpful and friendly. As an ex travel agent i am extremely fussy about where i stay and i was not disappointed with this hotel and will definetely be recommending it to my friends and work colleagues.The only down side to the trip was the closure of some of the tube lines which meant the nearest underground station of Pimlico on the Victoria line (a 5 mins walk from the hotel) was closed for the weekend and we had to walk up to Westminster station which was a good 10 - 15 mins walk away - further to walk with your suitcases and shopping bags!! The tube closure was obviously not the hotels fault but was a bit annoying.As 2 females travelling alone we felt perfectly in the hotel and in the surrounding area even at night time. Please note this is a business area so it is very quiet at weekends which is good but not many shops nearby for essential items e.g water, crisps, chocolate etc. We found 1 newsagent nearby and not much else. If you do decide to stay here make sure you get breakfast included in the room rate as i would not have been prepared to pay £17.50 for a full englsh breakfast or £13.00 for a continental breakfast. However the standard of the food was excellent with fruit juices, milk, cereals, pastries etc topped up regularly. breakfast on a weekend is served from 7am to 11am so plenty of time for a leisurely breakfast before going out and hitting the shops.Trips &amp; Sightseeing - If you travel to London in the summer months when parliment is not sitting then go and have a tour of the houses of parliment. You get to look behind the scenes and see all the history and also follow in the steps of the Queen when she opens the houses of parliment.If you are intending on going to buckingham palace to see the changing of the guard then it is definetely worth it but get there at least an hour before it starts. The whole area gets packed out with thousands of tourists so if you want to see anything at all then you need to get there early and choose your viewing spot well.	
Sep 18 2008 	lovely hotel	Stayed in the city inn westminster for 2 nights, really great hotel, the staff were very polite and helpful, the rooms were nice and clean. There is an apple i-mac in the rooms with free internet access which you can also use as a television. It is in a nice quiet location not far from london eye and houses of parliament. 5 minutes on the tube from Piccadilly. I will definetely stay in this hotel when going to london again.	
Sep 14 2008 	Excellent London hotel	We stayed at the City Inn Westminster for two days at the beginning of a two week UK vist and again for five days at the end. It is a lovely spot from which to sightsee in London. The hotel is new, comfortable and efficient. Staff are friendly and helpful and accommodation is what North Americans expect (which is a bit different than many UK hotels offer). The hotel is close, although a bit of a walk, to three tube stations. The walk home from the Westminster station each evening gives you a close-up night-time view of the Clock Tour, where Big Ben resides, the Winston Churchill statue in Parliament Square and Westminster Abbey. This is a lovely way to end a day of London sightseeing. The hotel is in a residential neighbourhood so it is fairly quiet and you have to walk a bit to find bustling restaurants and pubs or do as we did and dine in busy, noisy Soho then return to your quiet hotel (20 to 30 minutes by tube or GBP 8 by taxi) for a quiet night's sleep! Ravello Espresso, nearby on Horseferry Street, is great for morning coffee but seems to only be open weekdays. Also, if travelling by tube, check out the oyster card -- it is worth the effort. The City Inn is highly recommended.	
Sep 10 2008 	Almost Perfect	For anyone visiting London and wishing to stay central and worried about being reipped off by overpriced hotels for poor quality and service then this is the answer. Having booked on their own website (which gives rates as competitive as anywhere else) we arrived for the pre-arranged early arrival as requested (our flight landed at 0630 AM) and everything was ready exactly as we had requested. Throughout the whole stay whenever we asked for anything or were promised something it arrived or happened exactly as we wished. All of the staff were excellent throughout.The room itself although fairly small by some international standards but was clean, tidy, and well equipped. The imac system, plus the wifi for laptops, meant that both my wife and I could use computers or watch TV simultaneously / independantly as we wished. This is the best feature of it's kind I have seen in any hotel especially as it is all included in the room rate.The matress on the bed was also one of the best we have experienced. We loved it so much we are thinking of buying one of the same brand for home.Breakfast buffet was to the standard expected for this hotel, again with superb service and the bar/lounge on the first floor was a good way to finish off any evening. Apart from everything else this hotel also had the advantage of on-site parking (which is a rarity in Central London hotels). Not only that they were very relaxed about us leaving the car in their coach park, whichever was most convenient, or even arriving back in the early hours of the morning. As with everything else, nothing was too much trouble.Apart from that, when we came to pay, there was no &quot;extras&quot; sneaked in as so many hotels like to try on (early arrival / late departure, spurious bar bills etc.) and like everyting else in the City Inn, was a simple process with no debate.All in all a superbly run hotel right in the centre of London by Lambeth Bridge for both business and leisure travellers alike.... And the reason for &quot;Nearly Perfect&quot; title? Well, if only it could get an underground station a little closer to the front door!	
Sep 5 2008 	Excelllent Hotel	My wife and I have just returned from a three night stay at the Westminster City Inn. We both found this to be an excellent hotel.The staff were extremely helpful and pleasant and all the amenities at the hotel were very good.Breakfast was excellent with a choice of continental or full English .I have read some reviews which suggested that the hotel was a little out of the way. However I cannot agree. It was a five minute walk from Pimlico tube station and about 10- 15 minutes to Westminster tube station.There is a local pub nearby, The Morpeth Arms where staff were very friendly and the beer was good too. If you are looking for a modern, stylish hotel I strongly recommend you stay here.	
Sep 4 2008 	Always Fabulous	I take my son to London 2 or 3 times a year and always stay at City Inn, most recently in August 2008. The hotel is bright, contemporary, welcoming and incredibly clean. Breakfasts are fabulous and the staff are absolutely lovely. In my opinion this hotel offers fantastic value for money.The location is quiet and peaceful and the windows can be opened! It is a pleasant 10 minute walk to Westminster Square and there are frequent buses along the river to Trafalgar Square and onwards. Tate Britain is 2 blocks away and you can catch the wonderful Tate to Tate boat which stops at the London Eye for the South Bank before going on to Bankside for Tate Modern, Southwark etc.Each room has an iMac for TV, DVDs, CDs and free wireless internet access is provided. Beds &amp; showers are excellent.	
Sep 3 2008 	Always a pleasure	Having stayed here several times, plus the City Inns in Manchester and Bristol, we are fans! Latest stay did not disappoint. Generally they do the basics very well for a very reasonable price. Smart, modern, decor with very comfortable beds, flash iMac TV/media centre and some nice touches like the bathrobes, decent toiletries and not-unreasonably-priced snacks and sundries in the rooms. Unusually for hotels of this type, you can open the windows in the rooms to let some fresh air in, which is a bonus for us.Food is a highlight, as is the bar which is very smart and trendy. Staff are generally very professional - unstuffy without being casual, and mostly very pleasant and helpful. Location off Horseferry Road is fine for Victoria and Westminster and all of the various transport links from there.All in all, a very relaxing place to stay and, for a modern hotel, has more character than many simply through doing the basics very well. Thoroughly recommended.	
Sep 1 2008 	Very good experience	We spent a week at the City Inn for our honeymoon. Overall, it was a very positive experience. The staff is very helpful. Of course, hotel rooms in central London tend to be rather small by North American standards, but the size wasn't bad. The room was very pleasant and impeccably maintained. The whole hotel has a pleasing, modern look.We would agree with other comments that the iMac in each room is a mixed blessing. It's nice to be able to borrow free dvds, but the computer also doubles as your television, and it's really not quite as convenient as a television if that's all you want to watch. The free wireless internet is a nice touch.The dining room is attractive and the food was delicious. We would imagine that most of those eating breakfast, however, either had it included in a package (as we did) or had an employer picking up the tab. Thirteen pounds for a continental breakfast or 17.50 for a cooked breakfast does seem a bit steep. But we certainly weren't disappointed.The hotel is also very quiet, and located on a nice quiet street. You can, however, walk to the nearest tube station inside of fifteen minutes.If we have the chance to visit London again, we will definitely stay here.	
Sep 1 2008 	What a find	I stayed in this hotel recently and I thought it was very good. It is in a quiet area about 5 minutes walk from Pimlico tube station.The lobby area is very impressive and stylish and the rooms are small but very well laid out.The imac in the room is an excellent touch and can be used for internet/tv/radio/DVD/CDThe two italian lads in the bar are both very friendly and you can have a bit of footy banter with them (one is a Napoli fan the other AC Milan)Overall this is a gereat alternative to the overpriced understyled hotels of the west end and although it is a tube ride to the majority of attractions, it is more than worth it.	
Aug 30 2008 	Loved the City Inn Westminster	Had excellent 1 night stay at City Inn, Westminster last weekend.Hotel very modern, with modern rooms, including wonderful iMac system which controls CV, hotel info, interesting London websites and free internet broadband (!). CDs and DVDs are available from reception. Bed very comfy. We had a club room (slightly more expensive than standard room) which meant we could have early check in and late check out, and a free drink in the bar. We also had 2 complimentary newspapers of our choice. Free mineral water and fruit bowl and mini bar with basket of items such as London guide book, snacks etc. Bathroom goodies from The White Company. Bathroom bit short of storage space, but didn't bother us as we were only there for one night. We were on the 12th floor with excellent views from the floor to ceiling window, sideways on to the Thames. Window also opened slightly, but safely, which was a plus. Room and all hotel areas spotlessly clean.Hotel bar very nice. Ultra modern and very scarlet in colour with red ceilings and lighting, but welcoming to all ages (we were there with elderly parents). Restaurant also very nice for breakfast and dinner (we had both as we were on a package deal). Tasty, modern food for dinner. On site parking was good at only £20.00 for over 24 hours, although it is literally a 5-7 minute walk to tube and about 5-8 minutes to Houses of Parliament etc.Staff very friendly and only too delighted to assist.All in all, an excellent hotel in London at a very good price. We have stopped at the Apex Hotel London previously, and we will find it difficulty to choose which of the 2 to stay at in future as both on a par.Highly recommended.	
Aug 27 2008 	Lovely Hotel - great bar!	My partner and I stayed in the hotel for 1 night with our 3 year old daughter and were impressed with the staff, decor and amenities offered within the hotel. The bar is impressive offering a wide range of cocktails and a good menu should you wish to dine in a more relaxed setting than the restaurant and unlike a number of other hotels were happy for children to sit in the bar. Bedrooms are spacious and the mac system (TV, wifi, dvd, cd etc) is especially good. The quality of food was of a high standard and the continental breakfast is good value at £10. The few negatives include a poor view (perhaps a good idea to request a 'room with a view') and the feeling of being a little removed from the west end though Hses of Parl, Eye etc are well within walking distance.	
Aug 25 2008 	An IKEA hotel	It's a clean hotel in a good location if you're traveling for work and fly in/out of Gatwick as it's walking distance (10 min) to Victoria, where you can get Gatwick express (cab ride about GBP 5).Don't go with family or kids or don't expect they enjoy the hotel. The hotel has got enough business facilities, however nothing for the family.It's classified as 4* but I would say it's a modern 3*. I know many people liked the iMac in the room, however don't forget that smartly replaces a the TV set and normally in a 4* hotel you wouldn't get away with a 20&quot; television (which I had in my room when I was a student in 80's).Last but not least, if you're trying to impress a client to sign a deal meet them in the lounge or bar if you have to but don't tell them you're staying in the hotel, they know it's a cheap option (my opinion)!Well, in general, it's not a terrible hotel but not sure if I would say &quot;wow, I am going back!&quot;	
Aug 24 2008 	Excellent stay	Stayed here for a long weekend, originally booked for two but we were so happy staying here we stayed for three, As previously mentioned extremely handy location, 5 minutes walk from Pimlico Tube, 15 minutes ish from Westminster, we took a cab from King's Cross and this cost around £14 including tip so not bad at all, Couldn't fault the hotel at all, from the very friendly and helpful check in staff to the cleanliness and comfort of our room, In room entertainment system was brilliant and the free access to the internet handy to plan the day's activities, Although the bedrooms are not the biggest they are spacious enough, especially for London, and for £90 per room per night we were very impressed, Next time in London we will be staying here again.	
Aug 23 2008	good value	large airy younbg hotel offers great value although my initial impression at reception not particulary friendly. A nice room but why oh why do they persist in using mac media systems instead of a good ole telly took me ages to figure it all out!loved the selection of 'city temptations' beside the mini bardoor man and concierge staff very helpful and friendly	
Aug 21 2008	Great London hotel	We enjoyed an excellent weekend in this hotel. Rooms are comfortable and well-equipped, with Apple Mac TVs and modern furnishings.Breakfasts were good, with hot food brought to the table. Staff were generally helpful and friendly. There is a great late bar and food is very good in the popular restaurant. The hotel is a little out from the West End, but handy for Tate Britain and a fifteen minute river walk to the South Bank.	
Aug 19 2008 	The heart of London	Free movie rental, Unlimited internet, friendly staff, and an adaptor for my P.C. This place was great.They have one of the best restaruants on sight. It is pricy but tasty. Getting anywhere from here is easy.	
Aug 19 2008 	Quite a find	We've stayed at this hotel twice now and it really is a good find. Everything works well, the free Imac in the rooms is so useful and the stafff are friendly and obliging.	
Aug 19 2008 	Very pricey	The room was no more special than a travel inn, in fact far smaller. I was booked here to stay via my compnay and could not believe the bill was over £500.00 for 2 nights with no extras! I know this is London, but that is extortian! Also charge you £30.00 per day to park in their very small car park. I am not a moaner but I was stunned at the price, even though I didn't have to pay personally!	
Aug 18 2008 	Worth it	Stayed here with my girlfriend as a late valentines weekend. I wanted something really contemporary with good views and a short distance to the attractions ( including the London Eye which I'd booked). The Hotel was unbelievably quiet given it's proximity to parliament, as it is mostly surrounded by offices which were empty when we stayed. I can't overstate how quiet it was in the surrounding area.I booked an executive suite which was well furnished and modern; a little on the small side, but excellent. The bathroom was a decent size with a huge shower and White Company toiletries which my girlfriend loved. I'd requested a high room with a really good view, and was not disappointed! You can't avoid the office blocks, but we could see the Thames from the room.The hotel bar was good and buzzing on the Saturday night. As we'd booked a suite, we had a couple of free cocktails which were fantastic - try the 'honey mash' if you like whisky! The restaurant here is fantastic, very modern and comfortable. The breakfasts were to die for, and I didn't find that we were waiting for long to be seated, which I know others have complained about.Lastly, the service was great. I stupidly left some things behind when we checked out but they were all returned a couple of days later. Whenever we asked for anything it was delivered asap and the staff were consistently polite and helpful.I did have reservations about the price of a suite here, but after the trip, I was happy that it was worth every penny for a special valentines weekend in the capital.	
Aug 12 2008 	City Inn Westminster	Had never been to the City Inn before but really enjoyed my stay. The room was brilliant, it offered free sky tv, wi fi and lots more. This hotel has a great bar where I made the most of some of the vouchers they gave me with my booking- definitely recommend using because it can get a bit expensive. The staff were really friendly and helpful. I'd definitely recommend this hotel and will be using it again.	
Aug 10 2008 	Fantastic contemporary hotel!	I stayed in this hotel for one night and would def go back again! Located in a quiet road, north of the river, just across the water from MI6's headquarters (so you know its a safe area!!)From the modern and stylish reception, to the comfortable and well equipped rooms, this is a fantastic hotel!Breakfast was amazing! I've never had scrambled eggs and bubble n' squeak like it! The staff were professional and kind, and couldn't do enough for you. Would definately go back again!	
Aug 10 2008	Great value good location modern rooms	We have just returned from a 3 night stay at this hotel and would rate it favourably. We got a really good quote on this hotel so it is worth checking out partner websites. The hotel is modern and about an 8 min walk from the Pimlico tube line, about a 15 min walk from Westminster tube line. The lobby is spacious and the rooms and decor of the hotel are very modern. We were on the 12th floor so had a view of the skyline, but not the river. Beware of this if you are checked into a room on the lower floors of the hotel as you may have very little view. Having said that most people will use the hotel as a base to explore the city so it did not detract away from the hotel in any way.The breakfast in the morning was great. Very good selection of continental breakfast or full breakfast. The hotel bar and snack selection is also good.There is a mini gym on the 4th floor with various cardio machines. This was empty so it felt like you had a private gym to yourself.On the downside, when we stayed there there is some construction work going on but we were not affected by this as we were out in the day. Also we were offered a paper to be delivered to our room and was under the impression this was complimentary ( as there are lots of papers all over the hotel itself) however we were charged for this on checkout. The check in is approx 3pm which is late but on the positive side the staff are very willing to hold and deliver your luggage to you once your room is ready. Also at the moment (completely out of the hotels control I know!) the Victoria tune line closes early midweek so if you are out late in London you have to make alternative travel arrangements home. The 88 bus drops you directly outside the hotel or you can walk from Westminster tube station.Overall, I would highly recommend this hotel. It's staff were friendly, the rooms clean (but no bath!) and there is an Apple Mac PC in the room - with free Broadband. Good value and a convienient location near the London Eye and directly next to the Tate Gallery. Well worth a visit!	
Aug 4 2008	Great Modern Hotel	I stayed at City Inn Westminster Hotel during the football match England – Croatia, last November. Location of the hotel is great for the visiting Tate Britain, Westminster Abbey and Houses of Parliament, London Eyey and Aquarium, Buckingham Palace. All walking distance. Closest underground stations are 10 min. walk and the nearest bus stop is at least 5 min. walk, which is not the greatest for the visiting the other parts of London. The place is a quite deserted during the evening and night hours. There are no restaurants and pubs close to the hotel.The hotel is great, modern building. Reception desk staff is excelent and really helpfull. My room was large and beautifully furnished with everithing you need. The bathroom is small but clean and nice. You feel very comfortable in the room. The breakfast is very good. The hotel is modern adn somewhat sterile, but this is just what I like.	
Jul 31 2008 	terrific hotel	wonderful hotel, contemporary and well-run. Liked everything about it, the staff, the bedroom, the breakfasts,the location	
Jul 30 2008 	Fab!!	I stayed in this hotel with some friends of mine for our birthdays as we were going to the theatre. The hotel was part of a package deal and we got great value for money.The nearest station is Pimlico and its about a 5-10 minute walk to the hotel which isnt too bad.The hotel has currently got scaffolding up at the front which is a bit of a shame, but this did not affect our stay at all.The hotel is lovely and modern and the staff are very helpful and friendly. The rooms are lovely and clean and you have an Apple I-mac PC with CD/DVD player built in. The hotel provides complimentary CD's and DVD's which you can rent 1 at a time. (If you go at the weekends, there is not much choice as they only have 1 or 2 of each DVD/CD.)Overall, this is one of the nicest hotels I have stayed in and would definatly recommend to other.	
Jul 30 2008 	Nice modern hotel.	I stayed there with my wife for 3 nights on 24-27July. The hotel is modern, very clean and has internet connection in rooms with no extra charge as well as iMac TV/monitor and computer keaybord + mouse so you can use it as a TV, quick London information source and a computer. The rooms are air-conditioned. We got a room on early arrival (11.00 am) and there was no problem to deposit the luggage for late departure. The size of the room and bathroom was just OK. There is no special place to put the suitcases on but you can live with it for a few days stay. The hotel is quite large with lots of guests but there is enough polite people at the reception to handle it. Plug adaptors are available at the reception, so you do not have to worry about plug-in of your devices. The buffet breakfest is not bad. People who like continental breakfasts will be fully satisfied. You can have full English breakfast, if you like. The quiet location is a plus but it takes 7 minutes walk to the nearest pub, 10 minutes walk to the nearest tube station Pimlico of Victoria Line. However there is a bus stop nearby where every 10-12 minutes there is a double-decker bus &quot;88&quot; (daily travel cards for all transport accepted) by which you can get to Oxford Circus through Trafalgar Square and Picadilly Circus. In view of low standard of the majority of hotels in London (even those 5*), this hotel is a very good choice.	
Jul 27 2008	GREAT Hotel!! WONDERFUL Location.	HIGHLY, HIGHLY recommend this hotel. CityInn is fantastic! Tucked away on a quiet side street in the heart of the popular Westminster area with easy access to Parliament, other sites. Close to both Pimlico and Westminster Tube locations. Rooms were good size, clean, modern furnishings which is sometimes hard to find in Europe. Small IKEA-like clothing closet and drawers. Wish they provided a suitcase stand. Ammenities include daily newspaper delivery, hot pot for tea, coffee (complimentary). Nice built in ironing board and iron. Coolest thing is MAC which guests can use as a t.v. or computer; free wi-fi provided which is much appreciated. Had dinner and breakfast in the restaurant which offered good food. Free DVD's available for MAC. All in all, fantastic hotel. What a find! With this hotel, I've found my place to stay when in London!	
Jul 23 2008 	Great Location 	Have stayed a few times &amp; found the Hotel to be good in general. The location is great 3 mins walk from the Old Tate (Tate Britain) &amp; 5 mins walk from Pimlico Underground. The Hotel sits on the edge of the Thames (nearly) &amp; if you are lucky with your room, you will have a view of the river &amp; if on a high floor, the skyline.The Hotel is very modern with very good business services &amp; a very good Buffet Breakfast which is ingeniously tucked into the walls of the Restaurant. There is an outside terrace where you can dine if the weather permits.Overall very good value &amp; great location.	
Jul 22 2008 	Lovely quiet neighborhood	We stayed in the hotel July 17-20th. The staff was wonderful. They handled the check-ins with the tours companies we booked with and arranged our transportation to Heathrow for us at rate much better than a taxi.The hotel is in a great area, walking distance to the London Eye,Tate museum etc. The main tube stations are a bit of a walk,but not out of range. Breakfast was wonderful with many choices. Ours was included in our room rate but I don't know if I would pay what they require for breakfast. There is a Pizza Express and deli right out the back door and they were very good. We didn't eat in the hotel dining are except for breakfast as we wanted to try authentic pub food elsewhere in the city. My only complaint was that though the room was very nice and the bed very comfortable, the bathroom was pretty small, with very little room for toiletries. It was fine if you were going to be there one night but for 3 days it was a bit of a pain. I had no problems with the computer system in the room but I can see if you were not computer literate it may be overwhelming.If you are looking to just watch a little tv it is a little time consuming figuring it out. Very professional staff and we would stay again. A very well-run hotel.	
Jul 22 2008 	My new favorite	This place rocks. Great service, great location, great views, good food. Each room has an iMac - that floored me. After 2 weeks of running from one internet cafe to another, it was a godsend to have a computer in my room, let alone a brand new iMac. I just hope the hotel is able to maintain them. I will stay here each and every time I am in London now.Walking distance to Clock Tower/Parliament, Abbey, Tate Britain. Close to Trafalgar, Covent Garden, Southbank, etc, etc..	
Jul 21 2008 	normally a good hotel but	we have stayed at this hotel several times, and normally we love it. however we stayed this weekend as we were going to a show in london, and whilst the room was lovely, as it usually is , the normally wonderful breakfast was not lovely at all. my eggs were undercooked, my partners eggs failed to arrive at all, but the worst thing was that all the bakery goods were stale. the bread rolls were so old and hard that it was impossible to cut them open, and all the other bakery goods were less than fresh. we have never encountered stale bread served at breakfast in any of the many hotels we have stayed at previously. i complained and the manager refunded the cost of the breakfast - after he had investigated. therefore we are left to assume that he found the breads to be stale as i had pointed out to him. this state of affairs is simply not acceptable for a hotel of this class. we will stay again because we like the hotel, and it is very conveniately placed, but we'll give the £17.50 breakfast a miss.	
Jul 20 2008 	I will definitely stay in this hotel aqain	We stayed overnight in this hotel when we made an opera trip to Covent Garden. Whilst not in the West End the location is very convenient and amazingly quiet for central London.The rooms are light, airy and with state of the art equipment. We stayed in a standard room and it was a fair size for London. A nice touch was a free carton of fresh milk in the fridge.The breakfast was excellent, with a large choice and hot food cooked to order. The menu included grilled fish and kedgeree. We did not have dinner at the hotel as this was already booked at the theatre but the ambience in the restaurant was pleasant.All the staff we encountered were very helpful, professional and polite.I will definitely stay in this hotel aqain.	
Jul 16 2008 	Absolutely Fantastic!	We stayed at the hotel Friday to Sunday in Room 1235 (suite on the 12th floor) as a bit of treat to our usual Travelodge or Travel Inn and were not disappointed!Check in at 11am was fast effecient and very friendly - our room wasn't quite ready so we were offered complimentary drinks in the Millbank Lounge (seeing as the delay was only 15 minutes the sitdown and complimentary drink well made up for this).Our room was fantastic with views over the river and down to Vauxhall Bridge. Two iMac's (one in the lounge and one in the bedroom) meant is was really easy to check out things to do in London.Very good quality toiletries in the bathroom along with large soft towels and robes. Air conditioning worked well and the room was spotless.Complimentary Evening Standard Newspaper on Friday and a paper of our choice on Saturday and Sunday.Can't understand previous comments about distance from Tube Stations - it is literally only 5 minutes steady walk on the flat from Pimlico Station and 10 minutes from Westminster both of which aren't unpleasant walks!Our package didn't include breakfast which didn't bother us as large hotels are usually a bit of a faff in the mornings, so we had a really good breakfast for £9.00 total at Victoria Station's Weatherspoon's Pub (bacon, sausage, egg, beans, hash brown, tomato, toast, coffee).Basically we can't find anything to complain about and will definately be going back when they have deals on. Interesting I got our room £80 cheaper by booking with the Hotel direct on their website than the price quoted on LondonTown.com.	
Jul 16 2008 	Modern 	I stayed at the City Inn Westminster as part of a world trip in January 2008. This hotel is modern and comfortable, but the rooms are quite compact. The beds are very soft, which I found a little uncomfortable, but it didn’t give me a backache. The rooms were very clean and even had one opening window, which was nice. The bathrooms were immaculately clean. The reception staff were friendly and helpful. The buffet breakfasts were wonderful, with bacon and eggs made to order, every morning. As I was travelling with a large group, most mornings we were given a private area to dine in (when it was available, which was really nice). On one occasion we encountered a rude waiter who asked us to hurry up at breakfast, and they were busy, so it wasn’t the request that bothered me, more the mode it was delivered in. But he turned out to be quite friendly the next day, so maybe he was just stressed by the volume of people in for breakfast. I dined at the restaurant and the bar, and I actually thought the bar food was better – better priced and better tasting (but the breakfast was the best food). Overall, I really enjoyed my stay at this hotel and the location was great for sightseeing (close to Westminster Abbey) – well, it was great for the sights we were seeing anyway! The only real downside is the cost, but London is a very expensive city, so I’m not sure that anywhere else would be any cheaper. I would stay here again without hesitation and would recommend this hotel to anyone travelling to London.	
Jul 15 2008	Excellent Hotel. Could not fault it. Will definitely return.	The Westminster Inn Hotel is an overall winner, not only for its great location, but for it's tasteful interior, great facilities and most of all, HIGHLY PROFESSIONAL STAFF.Our hotel room was great, designed with taste and had the feelling of not just being a room to sleep in, but also an area to relax in with a coffee table and comfortable chairs, coffee making facilities and a fridge. Breakfast was a wonderful buffet in a wonderful room with attentive staff.I was also impressed that when in the hotel bar in the evening, a member of staff came and checked that someone had already taken our order, which they had, but the fact that someone checked that our needs were being catered for just underlined to us how professional the staff were and so how impressive the hotel was in ensuring its clients had great stays there.Look out for special offers at the hotel for discount rates.The Westminster Inn Hotel is simply fantastic and I already look forward to going back there.	
Jul 15 2008 	Gem in a quiet area.	This hotel was booked for us by a theatre break website, so we didn't know much about it beforehand. However, we weren't disappointed. The hotel exterior is being renovated at present, so first impressions weren't great, but a fast, efficient, courteous check-in (rooms ready late morning) soon gave us confidence.Rooms on the fifth floor were clean, bright and comfortable. There's a new wi-fi flat screen with TV, radio, computer etc, but we didn't have time to play with toys.The music in the bar late night was mellow, drinks expensive, as ever, but we only had one.Breakfast was very pleasant, service good and a good choice of cooked breakfasts, cooked to order, not a buffet. There were comlimentary newspapers too. A nice touch.The only slightly negative point is that the hotel is a good half mile from any Underground station; useful to know if walking is a problem.	
Jul 13 2008 	Excellent	Great place to stay in London, stylish, clean comfortable rooms with an Imac....finally a hotel that does not charge extra for the internet.....breakfast was great. The location is central enough to be convenient for most central London attractions.	
Jul 9 2008	Clean and Convenient	We stayed here one night as part of a Globe Theatre package.Its position for tourism within Central London could hardly be bettered with taxis always available at the door-a boon for those in our party with limited mobility.Also useful for them were the numerous, highly efficient and rapid lifts. The hotel is huge yet is extraordinarily clean:one of the cleanest places I've ever been in. Breakfast is a big operation so get down early or face a wait. The food is not the best you'll find but very acceptable with a wide choice. Free newspapers to read during the meal are a nice touch.	
Jul 4 2008 	Great location awesome internet	Awesome location. Walking distance to Victoria station, houses of parliament, big ben, westminster abbey, london eye.Nice sized room. Excellent internet and entertainment system in room. Only disappointment was the room service ordering. They couldn't speak english very well and we had trouble placing our order. They then phoned at 10pm at night when we were in bed demanding we bring our credit card to reception. This was just one person though and the rest of the staff went out of their way to be helpful. The concerige desk was excellent.	
Jul 3 2008 	Excellent	Spent 3 nights here with my husband and step son at the end of May. Had booked the hotel far in advance so got a really good deal on breakfast (£5 each). The staff were really accomodating and arranged for a guest bed to be put up in our one bedroom suite, so that we could all be together but have privacy at the same time. The new I-Mac's were a particular hit! Hotel is really central for all the sites; the only fault could be that there are not many restaurants close by. However, the concierge sorted us out with a really nice Chinese restaurant - Kim's, about 5 minutes away by taxi, and we walked back afterwards and it only took us around 15 minutes. There is a Pizza Express on Millbank which was also good for the 3 of us. Would definitely return!	
Jun 28 2008 	GREAT business hotel!	I needed a convenient place to stay on a three-day trip to London. Dreading the sometimes ancient hotels of this lovely city, at exhorbitant prices, I was pleasantly surprised to find this gem. Clean, conveniently located, reasonably priced (for London), and with a friendly staff, this hotel provides what a business traveller needs. There's complimentary high-speed Internet access in the rooms, a well-placed data jack by the desk, and get this: a spanking new iMac to use as a CD player, radio, movie player, TV, and Web access!The hotel is a four-minute walk to the Houses of Parliament and Westminster tube station, or a three-minute walk to the Pimlico tube station or the Tate Gallery.I shall return.	
Jun 21 2008 	a late review but worthy of forwarding	We stayed here in June 06. The hotel is close to a tube which is a quick trip to the city . It takes about 10 mins to walk to the tube so its handy.Fab breakfast at the hotel - buffet style, catering with cooked bacon, sausages eggs etc, pastries and a nice selection of fruits. We thought the service in the breakfast room was very good - the staff were attentive.When we arrived at the hotel which was about 7am the staff allocated us to a room immediately which meant we did not have to sit around or wait - which we appreciated after flying long haulGorgeous products in the bathroom - shower gel, lotion etcComfy beds and broadband in the roomA lovely hotel and we would stay again	
Jun 19 2008 	Top marks for The City Inn	Very stylish hotel, tucked away in the streets of westminster.Staff wonderful and really helpful, with a personality which is really hard to find in some hotels.Room really nice. clean &amp; free internet use included.Breakfast was great, there is something for everyone.The hotel bar is funky &amp; stylish with a good cocktail menu, a little over priced but you shoud expect that from a hotel bar.There was scaffolding up when we visited, due to an issue with the roof, which was explained around the hotel, this did not bother us and it did not take the feel away from what is a very nice hotel.	
Jun 15 2008 	Most impressed with the value location and class of this hotel	This is one of my favourite hotels in London and its rating on this site would suggest that my views are shared by many. Providing you book ahead you can usually pick up a good deal. It is also well located, being a short walk from parliament and Westminster Abbey and within a stone's throw of MI5 headquarters.The room was comfortable and clean. No view to speak of but I requested a room on the lower floors anyway. The Imac is a lovely touch and an excellent way of distinguishing the City Inn from other hotels in its range. The bathroom was a little pokey and had a shower cubicle rather than a bath but again this is what I wanted and I booked the simplest room of its kind.I didn't eat in the hotel this time but I did do previously three years ago. The menu now looks much the same with a similar kind of cuisine.The staff in this place are almost all non-British (as is to be expected these days) and are subsequently motivated, hard-working and polite.This is a gem - a little outside the centre but quiet, well located, good value and welcoming.	
Jun 8 2008	There are better places to stay	Stayed here on business for one night on 5 June on the basis of the reviews on tripadvisor. The front desk staff were very helpful and gave a friendly welcome. The (standard) room was good but I couldn't help thinking that I'd just walked into Ikea (e.g. see the combi-wardrobe/shelving unit/side board). The bathroom is also pretty small, but smart and clean. My major gripe, however, is the Apple Mac pc which doubles up as a TV. Having a PC in every room is a nice idea (I was able to access my work email online etc.) but the TV (and the remote) lacks the functionality of a regular LCD TV. There's no EPG (just a basic channel selection screen) and the volume seemed to keep resetting itself each time I went back to the menu screen. The picture quality is also not as good as a LCD TV and the screen sizer is too small for the room (it's about 19&quot;). However, that said, the restaurant is good (I had dinner and the continental breakfast there). I'd recommend staying here but there are better hotels in central London for the same price.	
Jun 8 2008 	Fine Location Good Rooms Excellent Staff	Without doubt this is a first class business orientated hotel. However, if like me, a tourist in town for a couple of days, it's more than adequate as a base.What did I like?. ; 10 minute walk to Parliament buildings (turn right out of the hotel and don't follow those who go to Pimlico tube ) a further ten minutes to Trafalgar Square.15 to 20 minute walk to Buckingham Palace (turn right out of hotel then left down Horseferry Road)Comfortable bed after a hard day doing those tourist things, good shower and imac TV.Good breakfast can be found a ten minute walk along Horseferry Road just after the Channel 4 building one the corner, a local place called Pronto Cafe, don't be put off by the crowd, locals! they know where to eat.Hotel bar is comfortably funky and good for a nightcap.The last word goes to the staff who were unconditionally pleasant, helpful and doing a superb job.if new to London and planning on public transport more than walking, get yourself an Oyster card.	
Jun 8 2008 	Nice Hotel	This is the second time I have visited this hotel. The hotel is very close to the Houses of Parliament and in a quiet location away from restaurants and bars. The hotel bar was very nice even though it was busy both nights we stayed. The rooms are very modern but with no great views of anything at the back end. I would stay again if the rate was under £100	
Jun 2 2008	Loved our stay!!	Stayed for 1 night to go to King Tut Exhibition in O2 Dome-situated in lovely area, within walking distance to Houses of Parliament, Buckingham Palace, etc. Could not fault staff at all, very pleasant and so helpful. Gave us map and directed us to nearest tube station and explained cheapest option for tickets and also gave us umbrella to use when it starting raining. Restaurant for breakfast lovely, room facilities were great, so clean with a great power shower in bathroom!! Would not hesitate to recommend to anyone and would definitely go back!	
Jun 1 2008 	Excellent Hotel Good Value Decent Location	The Hotel was pretty much as advertised on their website, and the reviews on Trip Advisor were accurate as well. I really have nothing bad to say about the hotel, so I'll focus on the good things. We flew into Gatwick, and took the Dot 2 Dot service which took us directly to the Hotel. Check-in was smooth and quick, and the rooms were just as they appear, clean, nice furniture, and an iMac computer, which doubled as the TV. Took a little while to figure out the iMac's operating system (it was some third party OS, not the normal Macintosh OS) but otherwise it was a 4 star hotel room. Very nice.The hotel was about a 10 minute walk to Westminster Abbey, Big Ben, and Parliament, and there are several restaurants within walking distance.For those who have a limited time in London, I would advise taking a bus tour, on The Original Bus Tour Company, it's a hop-on, hop-off double-decker bus tour, and was perfect for us.Check-out went smoothly, and there were no other hang-ups. Excellent stay.	
May 29 2008 	Excellent hotel	An excellent hotel with a good central location in Westminster, fantastic food and friendly staff. The rooms are spacious and clean and the a very large bar to boot. The only downside would possible be the prices of drinks and perhaps a slightly overly business feel to it but i am really clutching at straws here! I have stayed here on a number of occasions and would definitely recommend to anyone who is ready to pay the price.	
May 27 2008 	City Inn - A Class Act!!!	A few years ago, due to a work project, I virtually lived Monday to Friday at the original City Inn in Birmingham. Therefore, when looking for a stay in London ahead of Rochdale's momentous day out at Wembley, I figured the City Inn Westminster was a pretty safe bet.A short walk from Pimlico tube station (I'd suggest Pimlico rather than Westminster, it is a bit shorter), I found it very easily. First impressions were mixed as there was scaffolding/hoarding erected at the front of reception - turns out this was a precaution to ensure that nobody was felled by a falling tile....Check in was delightful.. If there is a more pleasant check in person than the lovely Magda in the whole of London, then I'd be very very surprised.Room of course excellent. The introduction of the iMac as an entertainment centre is pure genius. Mine didn't work straightaway, but whether that was a genuine system problem or a symptom of my technical inadequacies, I really dont know. Suffice to say that a quick word at reception and a short walk around the block later, all was working fine...So, was it safe bet?? Well that would be damning with faint praise .... Its a great great hotel. Birmingham was good, this is better. I'm off to Manchester in a few weeks time... Guess which hotel I'll be checking out there????	
May 26 2008 	Loved the City Inn	Found this place through Trip Advisor and I was not disappointed.In London terms its definitely not that expensive, and the place is great. Loved the iMacs in the room, so don't need to drag the laptop next time. Staff were great.Only sore spot was the cost of food in the restaurant, their breakfast was a tad expensive for what you got. But not to fussed, wont stop me going back.	
May 20 2008 	Loved this hotel	We had a lovely stay at this hotel.Having never been to London before we wanted something close to the bus station and handy to all the sightseeing spots. This hotel definately ticked all the boxes.When we were taken to our room I was delighted to discover that I could email all our family and friends and check-in for our flight home all in the comfort of our room!The room was very comfortable and spacious (not at all what I expected).The Buffet Breakfast was very nice but get there early...we didn't have any problems but if we had arrived 1/2 an hour later we would have had to wait for a table.The staff were very friendly and helpful (especially the bar staff!)I would definately recommend this hotel to Friends and Family.	
May 14 2008 	Love this hotel!	My partner and I have stayed at this hotel on many occasions now and love it. Can't fault it at all - it is in a lovely quiet area away from the hustle and bustle, but close enough if you want it. I say to my partner every time we go that it's hard to believe that you are in central london being so quiet.To the people that say that it is too far away from anywhere, or complaining about taxi prices - use the bus! There is a bus stop almost outside the hotel and you can get to Victoria on the C10 or into the West End on the 88. I think the fare is 95p (bargain!). The walk to the Tube in Pimlico is around a 10 minute stroll, or again take the C10 bus direct to the station.We've stayed in many other London hotels trying to get a cheap deasl, but to be honest the price charged for City Inn you can't go far wrong. Looking forward to going back on my birthday!	
May 13 2008 	Great Location	Loved this hotel, great location, very modern rooms. Had a view of the river. Extremely clean. Good sized bathrooms. The only warning I have is against booking the club level rooms. We originally booked club level so we could have guaranteed early check-in and late check-out. But it's just not worth the extra charge. I had to remind the front desk several times that we had booked the club level room because they did not deliver the fruit, water, upgraded toiletries, and newspapers as promised. Other than that, we had a fabulous stay.	
