Apr 24 2008 	Very basic hotel. Dissappointing!	We stayed at this hotel during a quick weekend in London - we wanted something cheap but with a nice atmosphere and conveniently located. The hotel was unfortunately really dissappointing on all accounts. We had an online booking with the hotel so check-in was straighforward - standard room booked but on arrival we were told that there was renovation work goin on in parts of the hotel and that we had been upgraded to an executive room instead. Obviously we were quite pleased with this but on entering our room, we realized immediately there was nothing 'executive' about the room. Even by London standards, the room was very small - sort of like a long shoe box room. Room looked worn but was OK. Nothing special really. In the morning we could hear the builders moving around on our floor obviously working on the renovation. This is a 3 star hotel - the reception area was nice but everything about this hotel (in particular, the rooms) spelt out 2-star to us! Staff were OK - not friendly but not miserable or unfriendly either. The hotel has limited parking which if I remember correctly cost us £10 per day.	
Nov 12 2007	A lovely hotel that is ruined by miserable staff!	This hotel was a god-send after I spent the night from hell at a hostel. Gorgeous street in a lovely suburb, close to shops and tube station, beautiful building. Although the room was crazily tiny (I couldn't even open the wardrobe, there wasn't room), it was really, really nice - the bathroom was gorgeous, and there was a massive LCD TV on the wall, plus tea + coffee facilities.I would only book this place if you get a last minute rate, as I did - while it's very lovely, I'm sure so are lots of other places in London. The staff really need to work on - well, everything. I didn't encounter a single pleasant staff member. One was rude. One ignored me whilst I stood at the counter for 10 minutes. One was imcomptent. One nearly lost my passport. Crack a smile and get some training, guys!I was happy with my stay though, but just a word of warning - don't put anything in their 'safety box' - they chuck your things in an envelope and then have trouble finding it again when you want to check out! Not so cool.	
Aug 8 2007 	Badly run hotel terrible service!!	After travelling all day we get to the hotel which was difficult to find as there was no a sign on the building or anything near the building to indicate it was a hotel!Me and my boyfriend got to the reception desk where a lady miserably greeted us. Just as she was about to take the payment the receptionist told us she had been trying to contact me which had been a lie because I had definatly made given my mobile number and had not received any calls or voicemails. They had been trying to make contact to tell us that the hotel was undergoing maintenance so we would have to stay at a different hotel which was just down the road and they expected us to walk. In the end the receptionist called a taxi as I didn't want to walk down there with all our luggage.When we checked into the other hotel first impressions from the outside were good as it looked quite nice. We got to our room and it was tiny other than that the room looked ok, it was clean which was the main thing. We then discovered the tv and phone didn't work so complained to reception the receptionist moved us to a different room. The second room we were moved to just as we were about to go out we realised the door didn't lock so we then again had to be moved rooms. The final room we were moved to the window had been left wide open so there were loads of flies. As we were checking out the next day there was no apology from anyone to us. I was so annoyed I felt I had to complain. I asked for the manager he then came out and spoke right in front of the reception desk in front of everyone that was checking in. Try and avoid staying in this hotel!!!	
Aug 2 2007	Central to everything	This hotel was chosen for proximity to Paddington station, its probably only 300-500m walking distance away. Lovely setting in a row of white terraces and very handy to Hyde Park, Oxford St and Marble Arch. Helpful staff and stylish reception area. Like many of the hotels in the UK, we have found a stylish reception often leads to quite tired and dated rooms....but at least this one was of an acceptable size and a very very nice modern bathroom.	
Jul 26 2007 	WARNING! Keep Out!	My boyfriend and I turned up outside the Hyde, quite pleasantly suprised by the exterior. A lovely street and good entrance. We were 'greeted' by the ice queen who was one of many members of staff NEVER to crack a smile for our entire stay. The Hyde require you to pay on arrival. I now know why! After checking in we were informed that our room was on the 4th floor and....the elevator was out of order! We had 2 suitcases, a rucksack and a golf bag. Not impressed. The porter begrudgingly offered to help us with one bag. So up we climbed. We got to the 3rd floor and the heat hit us. Very confusing considering the not so hot summer England is experiencing this year. We found our room in the unbelievable heat of the 4th floor, opened the door to find it as hot, if not hotter in there. Our room was so small, the bed wasn't even a double. It reeked of sewage in there too. The first thing we did was wash our hands in scolding hot water as there was no cold water to discover there were also no towels. Then we tried to cool the room down. The window was broken and didn't open. The AC didn't work and won't work until January 08 we were told. At this point we needed to get out! We climbed down the 4 flights, getting cooler each time and went immediately back to the icequeen and told her of our concerns. She passed us 2 unfolded bath towels right there at reception and told us she would try and get us a second fan for our room! I have NO IDEA (if she had actually done this) where she would have put it!! The lift never did get fixed during our stay, the room never got any cooler, the staff didn't get any friendlier etc etc. I could go on for hours!! PLEASE think seriously before booking this hotel!!!! DOn't put yourself through it!!!!!!!!!! GOOD LUCK!	
Jul 23 2007 	Lovely Hotel!	Me and a friend booked the Hyde Hotel with much speculation as we had read these reviews! However for £55 a night from [--] - we thought, whats to lose? We only needed a base as we were out in the West End that evening.On arrival the reception was clean and the staff were helpful. There was a lift, so we didnt have to carry our cases up any stairs. We arrived in room 204, and it looked exactly like the pictures. Very modern, exceptionally clean, plasma screen tv, modern bathroom, fan and a/c available.The room looked as if it was pretty much brand new.We booked a cab that evening to take us to the west end £14.00 - not bad. When it arrived, it was a black Mercedes and the driver was waiting outside the car to let us in. Top service, definately recommend him again!Overall our stay at the Hyde Hotel was excellent! Definately would recommend to all people wanting to stay in London or anyone who needs to be near Paddington!Don't listen to the bad reviews - I think those people were writing about a different hotel?!?	
Jul 6 2007 	Are you kidding me?	I booked this hotel because I had an early morning flight the next day and it was a short walk from the Heathrow Express at Paddington Station. Upon arrival, I was told that there was a problem with the room, that they had made accommodations at another hotel. I said fine, as long was it was accessible by Tube. The hotel they booked me was all they way in Harrow! I was incredulous. First of all, I would have to pay $16 for a round trip on the Tube all the way out there. Secondly, it was incredibly far away. Reception didn't seem to care. I asked for someplace closer. They said they couldn't find anything. I told them to cancel my reservation, but unfortunately, they couldn't do that either, I had to call Travelocity to cancel it. After incurring 30 minutes of long distance charges on my US based phone and handing it back and forth between reception and Travelocity, I was finally able to cancel my room. Meanwhile, other guests were checking in next to me. I arrived at noon, you would think it would be first come first serve. I am on the road 90% of the time for work, and have never experienced such horrible customer service before. DON'T STAY HERE! I booked a room at the Hilton Olympia instead.	
Jun 25 2007 	shame it's so hot!	location very good indeed, close to station &amp; hyde park only a coupleof minutes walk away, candid photos must be pre-refurb as our room was decorated &amp; finished to a high standard with good quality soft furnishings as well as a large LCD wall mounted tv also the bathroom although very small was extremely nice, we found the staff we encountered to be very pleasant &amp; helpful. now the down side, the room was very hot indeed due to the air con not working although a fan was provided which we kept on all night as well as leaving the window open (we were on the 3rd floor) &amp; sleeping without any covers,this in a pretty rainy cool june so would not want to stay there in the height of summer until the air con was fixed, the lift wasn't working either so these 2 problems did spoil it but if they were resolved i would stay here again. quick tip-breakfast is £7.95 but check out raffles cafe around the corner, a good greakfast for £2.99!	
Jun 21 2007 	Great experience after being terrified by reviews	We booked a 6-night stay at the Hyde Hotel before reading all of the very nasty reviews on websites like tripadvisor.com, among others. So, in all honesty, we were more or less terrified when we arrived at the Hyde, because we didn't have anywhere else to go. Have you ever gone to the doctor's to get a shot, and you were really scared about it, and then the moment finally came, and you were about to pass out... and then suddenly it was over and it wasn't bad at all? Our time at the Hyde was like that. We prepared for the worst, worried at great length about it, and, in the end, we had a fine experience.First and foremost, room size: yes, the rooms are quite small. If you need a lot of space to spread out in a hotel room, you should probably go somewhere else. Our room was quite small (the door to the bathroom wouldn’t open the whole way because it hit the bed), and we had very little floor space, despite the fact that we traveled as light as possible. The bathroom was similarly tiny, and the shower was quite cramped, as one reviewer pointed out. You don’t get a lot of space.The good: the facilities are very clean (even the most negative reviewers tend to acknowledge the cleanliness). We didn’t have any problems with noise. We got a clean room, a decent bed, a private bathroom, and that’s it. The Hyde works out well if you don’t need a hotel for luxury. For travelers like us, who plan to spend as much time as possible exploring London, the Hyde is a good choice. You get a clean, simple place to crash each night, within very easy walking distance of a major hub of both the Underground and the National Rail Service. We got a much better experience than we could have dreamed possible, given the reviews, and we will go back to the Hyde the next time we’re in London.	
Jun 11 2007	Awful and then some	I arrived in a taxi travelling down a beautiful street lined with hotels only to show up at the one place on the street with construction towers looming in front.I checked in anyway and was told my room was on the ground floor ( which means basement ). I got to my room which was at max 8' x 7' and almost fell into it as there was no warning that after opening the door there were three stairs down.It's 1pm in the afternoon - there is construction outside - not to mention construction workers in true form - cursing and smoking and banging. I really need to sleep.I go to the front desk and am told the manager is unavailable. She is with the pest control inspectors at their other hotel. She'll get to me &quot;when she can&quot;. I ask for my room to be moved and am told no. Finally after three hours of protesting, they move me upstairs. This room is smaller and the hallways are littered with trash. This room is on the third floor and to get there I must walk up the stairs as the only elevator can only hold either two people or one person and one bag of luggage. It's after 5pm and the happways are littered with trash and cleaning supplies.My parents are arriving tonight for their first European trip ever, and I can't have them staying in a rat hole - so I spend the entire day looking for another hotel to stay in. After multiple tries I wind up booking a different hotel ( for another 900 pounds ) with no guarantee that I will get my money back from the first hotel. It was that bad - and 8 hours later the manager still wasn't available.Woke up the next morning and left. The manager arrived at 12pm and was sympathetic, but only would refund a partial amount of my bill. I am disputing the charges with Amex and suggesting they stop working with this hotel.Absolutley Crappy experience.	
May 22 2007 	Very Disappointed	What a disappointement. The hotel staff were rude and surly. The room was quite possibly the smallest room I have ever stayed in although it was clean. It was very difficult to sleep as the air con was not working and the traffic noise outside made it difficult to have the window open. Also we were in the basement so leaving a window open left the room totally insecure.There was no lift in operation. Overall a very disappointing experience	
May 16 2007	Don't stay here	The hotel is mid revamp, so the front is a complete mess. Had to use the service lift as the proper one was out of service, the bar/restaurant is not open in the evening as was advertised. The staff were rude. The room was ok decorated but very small, not too noisy and good location, but the room was very hot and the aircon would not switch on. I paid about £60 and have stayed in far better hotels in London for the same price such as the Russel. Definately not 4 star.	
Apr 26 2007 	Awful service - but good potential	I first stayed here a week ago when I arrived at the Shaftesbury sister hotel and was told they were out of rooms - and send me across the road to the Hyde! The room was deep in the bowels and so small I could hardly get my bags in - but the bathroom was almost as big. It was also noisy as it was next to the staff / storage rooms. I was awoken at 7am by the noise and at 8.30am despite a do-not-disturb sign, a knock on my door from staff telling me they wanted to clean my room. When I pointed out check-out was noon they didn't seem to understand me! I then (foolishly) booked to stay the following week but with a double room to get more space. when I arrived they told me they were sold-out of doubles and I could only have a single (right next to the one I'd had before). The desk staff were very unfriendly and unhelpful and told me they could offer me breakfast as compensation - despite my argument that they clearly had my booking printed at the desk. They did move me the next day but it was unwanted hassle.The hotel has been very nicely refurbished though. The small rooms are very clean and well appointed for the price. There is free wireless in all rooms.I just think the management and staff need a shake-up. Great potential and I would use it regularly on my visits to London if they could only get their act together.	
Dec 15 2006 	Awful!	Booked through the hotel's own website, and when I arrived they said they had no record of it and turned me away. But it was 11.30 at night after a day of meetings in Paris and a bad flight, so I was in no mood to listen. I forced my way behind the counter to check my Hotmail accounts and I showed them my confirmation e-mail. Then they checked their hotel e-mail account and saw my request.Turns out they simply get an e-mail from the reservation system and it's up to the desk staff to actually enter the details. (and it was even through their own site - not a 3rd party travel site!!!) So they forgot to actually reserve it on their end, and as a result, I was put into a converted storage closet for one night. No toilet, no shower. Only a single bed, a sink, a tiny desk, and a phone. To their credit, after the realized it was their mistake, they felt pretty bad and the next morning they moved me to a room very early so I could shower before my day of meetings. The room I was put into was fine. Newly refurbished, but still a bit sad. The shower was very small, and I kept hitting my arms against the walls when shampooing my hair. But at least I had a shower and toilet at that point (it's embarassing that I even need to say that!!).So, it was an awful stay, and I am not going back.	
Nov 15 2006	Nice hotel in a good area	We visited Hyde Hotel couple of weeks ago. We were nicely surprise with the reception work, we booked into a 3 stars hotel and received a 4 stars service. Very friendly and helpful reception desk and the porter was always there for us. Unfortunately didn't remember any names for the reference. The room we stayed in was of a good size facing the street. The conditions were OK. The pillows they have are very thin, but it is never a problem to ask for a couple of extra.Very good location, just 2 min walking to the station to catch the heathrow express, plenty of restaurants around in the area.Recomend this hotel as it is not very expensive.Anna Bradley	
Oct 17 2006 	A Rip Off!!	I never actually got to stay at the hotel so I can't comment on the rooms. I arrived and paid £119 up front but was told that I would be transferred to a hotel of a similar standard because some rooms were unavailable due to building work. I was eventually (1 hour taxi ride dropping off another displaced guest and a detour to the wrong hotel!) taken to a hotel in Kensington which was little more than a B&amp;B and the room rate displayed over the reception desk was only £65 per night. My &quot;same standard&quot; hotel room didn't even have curtains so I refused to stay there and eventually managed to get a full refund from the Hyde Hotel. Frankly I felt ripped off because they expected me to stay in a £65 per night hotel after I had paid them nearly £120 - so a nice tidy profit of £55 for someone!	
Sep 21 2006 	Nice entrance terrible hotel - not a bargain!!	The entrance to this hotel is very nice - glass fronted hallway, fancy reception etc...so it is naturally included on most of the hotel websites as images.However, once you step into the main part of the hotel, it is apparent that it has been given a very superficial makeover. Rooms are dirty, and have just been touched up from the 70s decor that used to be.Our room was extremely hot, and the carpet was wet. Despite informing the management, they claimed this was because it had just been cleaned, but with the temperature of the room, it would have dried in just a few hours! There is no air conditioning, but I didn't mind that - the windows did open but the whole of the 4th floor is extremely hot!The bathroom was very basic, and extremely cramped - our bathroom was even smaller than the one shown in the traveller reviews on this website. The hotel didn't even provide soap, let alone shower gel or shampoo!!We paid £99 for the room from lastminute, and the experience wasn't worth half that. I had seen it on some websites for over £200... if you see this, there has to be something wrong with the website!!All in all, I will not be visiting the Hyde Hotel again. It is comparable to a cheap drag act - old man underneath masquerading as a young woman...	
Aug 2 2006 	never again!!!	we arrived in london ( a group of 11) on july 17th right in the middle of the heatwave. on checking into the hotel we were told we needed to leave a £100 deposit and on being a group of 17 year olds with 1 20 year old none of us had credit cards and the money in our banks was intended to spend during on 3 night stay when we agreed to pay on handing over a card, we were informed they do not accept visa electron which was the cards we all had we asked for a manager and asked if we could pay cash he said no they were very rude he did not seem to understand we had no other method of payment. he finally agreed to take cash but we had to find a cash machine he would not let any of the 11 check in until our friend returned with the cash on her return he then told us they would require £200. £50 per room we were outraged and got more cash and finally got to our rooms on which we were very dissapointed the room was tiny the bathroom very small u could only sit sideways on the loo. the staff apart from one young receptionist wer very rude and unhelpful. on one night i was very ill and requested a jug of water the receptionist told me to go down and get it myself!!! we requested ice buckets to keep drinks cool which after an hr hadnt arrived so we phoned reception again to be told they had no ice! however the hotel is in a very good location only a 2min walk to paddington station. on checking out we got our £200 deposit returned however i had an item kept in the safe and while the nice receptionist was getting it for me from the safe room the other receptionist seeing i had been returned the deposit, said to me &quot;well what are you waiting for&quot; i told him my ipod he then informed he would need the envelopes the deposit and my ipod were in back!! how rude i would never stay at this hotel again and feel sorry for the one receptionist for whom it was his first day dont go here!!!	
Jun 30 2006	Hyde Hotel Was OK!	After making my online reservations at the Hyde, I became disconcerted to read some very negative revviews on TRIP ADVISOR. When I arrived at the hotel, I realized its great value in its location, next to Paddington Station-a major station for the Heathrow EXPRESS from Heathrow airport. I also loved the neighborhood, with many shops, restaurants, a great café (café NERO).The hotel room that I had was on the front of the hotel, facing the main boulevard in front of the hotel. As a result, I had the room where you had to walk down into the room. That was an interesting aspect of the room. I understand that my bathroom(modern and very clean) was a nice bathroom because I had a room in the front of the hotel. If your bathroom is a priority, ask for a room in the front of the hotel. I met other guests who complained about their bathrooms in other parts of the hotel.The biggest shock was to pay such a high price($100) for a small (but comfortable room) with NO AIR CONDITIONING. I just assumed that the hotel would be air-conditioned and need a room with AC because of my allergies and asthma. Luckily, it was not too hot and I survived. However, if you need AC, this hotel is not for you. I reserved my room with VENERE. Because I did not do it directly with the hotel, I did not have breakfast included. The breakfast room was an added feature, even though I had to pay extra for my breakfast(About $10 for a full English breakfast with access to the buffet breakfast foods). Being a person who loves breakfast rooms in European hotels, I was very happy with that aspect of the Hyde.If I can answer any of your questions, please don't hesitate to contact me or if I can help with hotels in Philadelphia or New York, get in touch.Frank Raffa	
Jun 18 2006 	Frustrating and Hot	I picked this hotel off of Expedia because of its proximity to the Paddington Station: it is, indeed, very convenient and only a two easy blocks from the station (and to the Heathrow Express). For this location, it's a good inexpensive London base for getting to the airport in the morning and bypassing the more expensive lodging near Heathrow. I arrived late, and the registration was ready. But the fellow behind the counter was very difficult. They insist on putting a 50 GBP hold on your credit card, which will not remove for **Five Days**. Since everything was prepaid, and I was only staying one night, I can only presume they are taking a float at our expense. Then there is a release because the room has a stairstep down into it, and they want to avoid liability if you fall. Any questions are greeted by a shrug and a &quot;like it or leave&quot; attitude. The room is small, hot, lots of road noise with constant trucks going by. I slept (somewhat) with the window open: others were requesting fans and getting nothing. The shower had good pressure and hot water, and the bed was comfortable. No breakfast was included. If you just need a room convenient to the Express and are willing to put up with the hassle, heat, and noise, it's a good value	
May 19 2006	rocked the house.	I like teh hyde hotel casue they let us party all night long. we really got down and all that. if you tips the people a little extra they will give you soem perks like well i won't go into it here but try it our you'll like it.	
May 19 2006	Hot and noisy	Extremely hot!, lots of rooms but only one elevator for cleaning staff and clients, it broke down the last day and there are 5 floors, very noisy!, we had to sleep with windows open due to high ambient temperature (WARNING: NO Air Conditioning) and the traffic noise was nearly unbearable. Another couple was trying to leave the Hotel after the first day!. Small room, and very small bathroom with a very tall shower step, risky for the elderly. Very poor attention by front desk staff. We were required to leave a deposit in case of &quot;damages&quot;!, I think that is unacceptable. Advice: See it and run away.	
May 6 2006	THE WORST HOTEL IN LONDON	First and foremost, the hotel staff: HORRIBLE!!! If they had been the least bit courteous, attentive, and/or professional then I would not bother advertising the numerous shortcomings of this hotel, but because they were so incomprehensibly rude, flippant and creepy I will air this companies dirty laundry to any and all considering staying here. Here goes... 1. Despite their false advertisements online, the Hyde Hotel DOES NOT have restaurant facilities. 2. Extremely cramped conditions. The bathroom was literally 3.5 ft x 2.5 ft, and that space is filled to the brim with a shower, sink and toilet. Don't even think about turning around or bending over while you are in there, you're liable to give yourself a black eye. 3. No clock in the room. And when I phoned the front desk to request wake-up service the man at the reception was so flippant with me I rest-assured knowing that my request had been tossed in the trash. Sure enough, the wake-up call never came. 4. Paper thin walls. So thin in fact that I can testify to just how great a time the couple across the hall had throughout the night. 5. Squatters in the back-alley. A herd of drunk homeless men could be heard at all hours of the night, every night, belching, boozing and brawling in the alleyway directly behind our room. 6. Only two towels were provided for our triple room, and there was no coffee or water provided. 7. The remote control for the TV didn't work. This might be a petty gripe, but while I'm on a roll here it may as well be mentioned. 8. And last but DEFINITELY not least, the highlight of my stay:The layout of the rooms provided so that the room adjacent to ours had a window which looked directly into our room. Subsequently, at o-dark-thirty one evening I woke up to a loud whistle… Followed by another cat-call…Followed by an inaudible male voice…I opened my eyes to see a very creepy man staring into my room window through the nearly transparent tissue-thin window covering. As soon as I was able to snap out of being frozen in fear I grabbed the telephone and rang the front desk. &quot;Help! There is a man staring in my window!&quot; I told him - I was terrified. &quot;Oh that is just the man in the room next to you. He is drunk. He just checked in. It is no problem.&quot; The desk clerk told me.No ---- problem? The dude is staring in my window, watching me, continuing to whistle at me - how can you say this is NO ---- PROBLEM?!? &quot;In case he persists, how do I call the police?&quot; I asked, since the hotel staff were obviously going to be of no assistance.&quot;No police! You don't call police! The man is drunk, he is no problem!&quot; the clerk snapped into the phone, and then hung up on me. ...I spent a sleepless night being stared at by a crazed creepy drunk, sweating in the unbarably stuffy room, and listening to the hobo's howling in the alley. DONT STAY AT THIS HOTEL. YOU'D BE MORE COMFORTABLE, AND SAFER, SLEEPING IN HYDE PARK.	
Apr 21 2006	Superb stay in a nice hotel ....	I had a lovely stay at the hotel, it's a nice cosey place and the staff are very helpful. I was in London for holidays and had fun, the reception staff helped me plan the tours and gave me guidance.	
Apr 16 2006	Avoid this hotel	We booked this hotel after visiting the website, but don't let the site fool you into thinking that this a small, friendly, modern hotel -the reception is-and that is where it ends. The room (an upgrade to 'Executive' (!) was shabby with paper-thin walls. The bathroom was small and had the added decor of fag burns on the vanity shelf. The room was way to hot and if that was not enough to keep us up, then the herd of elephants dancing upstairs did the job brilliantly. We know that London is expensive to visit, we often spend our free time away to cities or other hideaways in the uk, but the thing that got to us was the lack of communication and manners from the staff -apart from the cleaners who couldn't have been nicer. There was NO TEA OR COFFEE facilities in the 'Executive' room and when asked is we could have a drink made or a kettle we may as well asked for the Crown Jewels! Apparently, there are no kettles as they get 'nicked'.....so exactly what is the £100 security deposit for?????????? lovely way to describe your guests -as theives. We decided to spend part of our only full day in London looking for another hotel, there were none available so we suffered another night without sleep. fab. At least we had the 'continental'breakfast to look forward to -brown and white bread rolls and a thimble-full of OJ! never again.	
Apr 5 2006	Not a bad deal.	If you're looking for a bargain that's clean, in a terrific area, this is it.We stayed in a family room which was huge compared to most London hotel rooms. It did lack a chest of drawers so we just lived out of our suitcases.Pillows were a bit flat, but we asked for more. Staff was very nice except for one fellow, so we never went to him if it could be helped.Bathrooms are small, but what do you expect. The only downside we found was other guests. People who should be quiet in the hallways weren't. The floors creak so if someone above you decides to waltz around their room at 3 in the morning you're at their mercy. But we relied on earplugs and were quiet content.We would stay there again as location, cleanliness and price were a great deal.	
Mar 26 2006	Not Too Bad	The hotel is your general small, European hotel. The actual facility is not so bad, save for the bathrooms that you can't even turn around in. The beds are not so comfortable, and if you book a quad, like we did, there are 2 twins and the pull-out couch bed (which is really hard on your back!!). The staff is mostly Middle Eastern, and not too friendly. They called us at 3 in the morning because they thought we were cheating them by putting 8 people in a quad, when indeed we actually had 2 separate quad rooms. (This really made me angry!)The location is not so bad. Just a walk around the block to Paddington station, and not in a nasty part of town (although it's not the most beautiful area of London). Also, there is a nice little breakfast place around the corner on your way to Paddington called Raffles, which we ate breakfast at every day! I will advise you not to be fooled by the pictures. They make it look much prettier than it is. But overall, this is your average cheap hotel and if you are trying to save money with the hotel, I recommend it.****Beware that upon arrival they will charge you a 100 pound &quot;deposit,&quot; in case anything should go wrong.	
Mar 23 2006	Where Do I Even Start!!!=0(	Do not let the photos of this hotel fool you, they must have taken a picture of the biggest room they have available because the room I stayed in definitely did not look like the one on the picture. The space is extremely contained to the point where I ( 5'8) could not even stretch my arms completely vertically or shower without hitting the ceiling/light fixture. the bathroom was approximately 5 feet by 2.5 feet, the bedroom was approximately 6 feet by 6 feet at most! There is no legitimate storage except for a piece of wood jutting out of the bedroom wall with a mirror attached to it. There is alos a small desk in the already confined bedroom and a chari made for a 5 year old and a tv. The only thing this hotel has going for it is the location ( it's convenient to the tube station( 2 blocks away, a lovely cheap place on Craven Road called Raffles that serves English breaksfast all day!!!), Hyde Park ( 4 blocks away), Queensway; which is great for shopping, and it's only saving grace is that it is actually clean. The staff ,with the exception of the pleasant Frenchman, was highly dissmissive, rude, and condescending!! What upset me the most however was the fact that though I had paid for the hotel in full prior to arrival they have a policy where they insist on holding 100pounds ( NEITHER hotels.com NOR the hotel advised me of this policy!!!) on your credit/debit card and you do not have access to these funds until five days after check. I checked out of the hotel 5 days ago and have yet to have had the money reimbursed! I write these comments not as a spoiled tourist seeking excess, trust me I live in a studio apartment in WAshington DC. I also do not write these comments as someone unfamiliar with the city. I lived and worked in London for 8 months and I am extremely familiar with the city, customs, culture, porportions of rooms, bedding etc !! Though the location and neighborhood were a nice change of pace from the Central London which I am used to I would recommmend staying at one of the many other hotels in this neighborhood, Your pounds can definitely go farther elsewhere!	
Mar 19 2006	Creepy Place	Can't say that we disagree with any of the reviews already written about this place. There is something about the place that is really off. We found the staff to be less than friendly, at times I had the feeling they were not actually IN the hotel industry at all - just pretending to be to pass the time. We were told we had no reservation wehn we arrived (we had booked the day before online). When they did bother to look, we were indeed listed, at which point, we had to cough up the 50 pound deposit. Our room was clean but the pillows were defintely below average. I am writing this review from my bathroom at the Hyde because I am not able to get out of it (I'm kidding, but it's that tiny).Thanks to the paper thin walls we were assured that several couples in nearby rooms were enjoying the night. Overall it was a poor place to try and get some sleep and I will defintely look elsewhere if I need a 'Paddington Base' in the future.	
Mar 14 2006	Nothing Wrong With It!!!	Please do not let all the bad reviews put you off. I can only agree that the breakfast is rubbish and yes the pull out bed is uncomfortable but please don't forget the price you are paying to stay in a London Hotel that is just outside the congestion charge. For £60 theres a nice cafe around the corner.The hotel is CLEAN, the people behind the desk are helpful and the design in the rooms is modern.The hotel is very very close to a tube station and there are many places to shop and eat.You do sign a £100 deposit form but I checked online and nothing was ever taken out of my account.VALUE FOR MONEY HOTEL	
Mar 11 2006	Ok for the price	We stayed one night in this hotel. We knew it wasn't extremely good, but for one night you do not mind it so much if you have a good location. If you are a light sleeper and want to sleep, stay away from this hotel as you can hear everything that happens around you. If you are a heavy sleeper, it is fine.	
Feb 27 2006	avoid	AVOID like the plagueWhen you arrive they ask for a £50 refundable deposit to cover theftBeds are small and hard as nails with a piece of toast for a pillowBathroom - if you are over 5ft tall you will struggle in the space providedBath is ridiculously and small in lengthIt may be clean, it may be near to Paddington, but I willnever use it again	
Feb 10 2006 	Beware!!!!!! Do not use this hotel> BBC Watchdog investigation	Okay, where do I start!!! There is something very very dodgy about this hotel and its whole setup.Cancellations only before 48 hours yet is on ---- as a last minute booking. I booked on Tuesday 6th Feb for one night, thank God!!! but then read the reviews on this site and became very suspicious and alarmed so contacted '---- and was told that I would have to pay a 20 pound admin fee to them and the full rate of the stay at the hotel!!!!and this was two days before my arrival!Upon arriving there as I had no choice but to accept it and take a chance on Wednesday *th Feb, I was informed that they wanted to deduct 100 pounds from my credit card in case of damage to the room. I declined by saying that I didn't bring my credit card to which they replied that they would have to have cash then. I said I would bring it in later but stayed out until midnight and when I arrived, I was kept at the reception desk for 10 minutes with the guy humming and heying about whether to actually let me into my room without the deposit. I had already read another review about the hotel which is owned by the mysterious,Miami Management based in Saudi Arabia!!!There is no welcome at this hotel!!!!!!!there is no kettle or tea and coffee facilities either in the room or lobby. The restaurant and bar is nonexistant and simply just stated as under refurbishment,but it is just closed to save staff wages excetera....DO NOT EVEN THINK ABOUT GOING HERE&gt; STOP&gt;&gt;&gt; DO NOT BOOK&gt; TOTAL MISLEADING&gt;	
Jan 29 2006	Do not stay here!	Where do I start? The rooms are tiiiiiiny! I am not exaggerating! We had booked into a standard room which looked decent on the internet but little did we know that the room pictured was actually an &quot;excecutive room&quot; not the room we were put in! First of all you have go 4/5 steps down into the room itself, I just had to laugh when I saw the size of it, you haven't room to change your mind, when you are both getting dressed one of you will have to sit on the bed while the other one has room to put on their clothes then vice versa! When we had a look at the ensuite the shower was ridiculously small it measured approx 26&quot; x 26&quot; you had to back in just to wash yourself! The only saving grace was that it is so near Paddington station and it forced us to stay out all day going around London which is a great city!	
Jan 23 2006	Do Not Stay Here!!!	Where do i start! Plaese keep in mind that i only stayed in this hotel for one night (Thankfully). First of all the staff speak very little English, which along with there ignorant attitude towards guests isn't a good start. The bar and restaurant were under refurbishment which wasn't stated on the website. The rooms were tiny and my bed was a sofa bed that was dropping to bits. The rooms were FREEZING, they had no central heating and no heater at all. The lighting was minimal, no cieling light! We had two towels in a triple room. The door lock was faulty, one minute we were locked in the room then the next another guest who was lost stumbled into our room as we lay in bed, so the lock had obviously packed in all together, i tried reporting this to the reception staff but gave up after he obviosly didn't have a clue what i was talking about! On arrival we were asked to give credit card details in case of any damage to the room and was assured that no money would be taken out of my account if everything was ok with our room on departure, which all sounded ok, until the next day after checking out, and being told that everything was ok, i realised that money had been deducted from my account. When i rang the hotel to resolve the situation i was told to ring back in half an hour, which i did only to be told that the person i spoke to had finished his shift (Obviously planned) so i had to explain the situation AGAIN! I was then told that they could do nothing til monday when the manager was in. At this point i was told the money shouldn't have come out and the manager would definatly refund my account as soon as i spoke to him. I eventually spoke to &quot;Ali&quot; the manager and after being told &quot;Jesus woman, shut up while i explain&quot; (i must add that he was explaining to me that he had to free up the line because other people were trying to get through) i was told this was nomal procedure for the money to be taken and it would be put back in my accout in a couple of days, which after speaking to my bank i understand this is ok but it could have been resolved on saturday had the staff known how to speak at least some English and known how to do there job. Going back to my conversation with the manager, i would like to add that after being told numerous times that he didn't have time to speak to me he actually hung up on me!!! I have never stayed in a hotel that is run in such a &quot;scatty&quot; way. DO NOT STAY HERE, find another hotel. PLEEEEEEEZE!!!!	
Dec 14 2005	Run away from this hotel	Book this hotel only as your last chance. Rooms are incredibly small, and bathrooms even more so. The &quot;executive rooms&quot; for four people have a folding bed that threatens to fold with people inside, and which creaks all night with the slightest of movements. The walls are only just thicker than cardboard, and you will be able to hear everything your neighbours say. Also, you will hear every step from the people in the upper floor, because the floors are wooden and only God knows from which century. At least, towels are plentiful and clean, as is the whole hotel. You will be forced to sigh a VISA voucher for 100 pounds &quot;in case you break something&quot;, as the friendly clerk in the front desk said. The best thing? It is close to Paddington Station, and rates are reasonable if you can stand all the above.	
Dec 6 2005	nice hotelgreat staff	I was worried after i read some bad reviews on this hotel but i booked it anyway.To my surprise,my husband and i were met by very friendly and helpful staff.We were given a very spacious room,the bathroom was tiny though.Paddington station is about 5 mins walk from the hotel.Nice area with lots of shops and a few restaurant.	
Nov 23 2005	We fancy this cheap little hotel....	We booked the hotel through a websites for budget hotels and hostels, so our expectations were pretty low. But when we got there the rooms were decent, small, but clean. We had to change rooms once because the toilet was leaking. Also the beds were a little lumpy since they had cheap mattresses. The shower in our first room was really small and high. The tub in our second room was ridiculously tall. Make sure you have travel insurance because I almost broke my neck getting in and out of the tub. Good location by Paddington Station. Also cheap and good restaurants nearby.	
Nov 16 2005	Really good hotel at a good price	Spent two nights in this Hotel and found it too be excellent, staff were very polite , room was great double ensuite, plenty of space in room even a sofa and chair . Price was very good too. Only one complaint , heard person on second floor above us through creaking floorboards, but only one night, could have been a big person though.	
Oct 20 2005	Good budget hotel in grate location	I've been there with my family (2 adults + 2 small children) in quad room. the hotel is in excelent location near the peddington station, and few (walking) miles from the hyde park. the room was clean and the breakfest is continetal but good. (you can pay and order english breakfest.) The other guest seems also noble, we saw there other familes with children too. As it was quad room it was in good size, not big and not small. they consider it as executive room.The only dis-advantage it had is that there were no kettel and no fridge in the room so we can't make ourselvs some hot tea/coffee in the evening. and the floor was creaking as its made from wood. note its a simple and not fancy hotel, but clean, good, in good and respected neighborhood, and in good location. the staff was also polite and nice.buttom line - I would return to it again.	
Aug 2 2005 	Shame about the lack of rooms!	Did not receive a warm welcome and the rooms we booked were not available. We got a twin (executive if you believe them) room instead of two singles and no offer of refund of the balance. But - they offered full english instead. We still have to fight that fight.Staff can't answer our questions and are on fag breaks when we look for them.Good attempt at the decor but a bit shoddy... the darning on my bedspread was not up to scratch!	
Jul 22 2005	There are really bad hotels and then....there's the Hyde	The smartly presented pictures on the web site are a work of art, normally the preserve of great illussionists. David Blaine would be proud of the way that the Hyde Hotel have made what is clearly a poorly maintained, run down youth hostel, into something resembling a Conran inspired boutique hotel. They claim design influences from the Far East, however a matress warehouse in E14 is probably as far East reaching as these guys ever went. The rooms are suitable only for those who have spent a life in a trailer park and are looking for something more edgy. If you're fond of hot running water, clean linen, fresh towels and furniture from the last decade, then largely this isn't the hotel for you. Even rock stars looking to trash the place might feel slightly dissappointed. In favour of the Hyde the rates are reasonable, however not included in the price are any form of polite manners from the reception team (which I don't even feel could be purchased as an option). The lift to the rooms should be returned to Disneyland and the beds back to ToyTown, as anyone over the age of 5 will struggle to fit onto it. Finally anyone with the dexterity to actually wash their hair in the cup-sized sink, using head burning shampoo from a chemical factory long closed down, will be rewarded with the comfort that they won't be able to dry it, as the hairdryer in the room was probably used by the last poor soul to create a noose to hang themselves and as yet hasn't been replaced.	
Jul 10 2005	Much better than I expected	I booked to stay here for 2 nights from 5th July to the 7th. I booked a twin room for my friend and I and we only payed £110 for everything. We arrived earlier than check in so left our bags and went round London. When we came back we were given our room keys and told our bags would be sent up to our room. I wasn't expecting that. When we arrived at the room I was pleasently suprised. It was modern, clean and had everything I needed. The only thing I could critisise is the size of the room, but it wasn't as small as some people make out, it was big enough. The bathroom was clean and modern. I would recommend this to anyone as the area it is in is close to tube stations and buses and has several shops for anything you'd need.	
Jun 25 2005	Third time unlucky!!	This is the third time I have stayed at this hotel in the last 8 months and I have to say I was greatly disappointed this time. As you can see from my previous review (27 Feb 2005) I did like the hotel the last time I stayed, but not this time. My room was in the basement, beside the staff quarters. Therefore I found the corridor to be noisy, and to continually smell of smoke from the staff quarters. The room itself was ok, but my window was below street level, beside a door for the staff. There were a number of ocassions whilst I was lying in my bed that a member of staff walked right past my window and looked in. Therefore I had to close my curtains at all time, even during boiling temperatures. The air conditioning was extremely instrusive at all times, at night I often found it hard to go to sleep. Most days I was up and out of the hotel for 9.30am. On 2 ocassions I returned at 4.00pm to find that my bed had not been made and the room had not been cleaned. I had to make the bed myself, though the room service did appear at 4.30pm!! This is the time of day when you want to be resting before an evening out. Reception was as bad as ever. The staff have little knowledge of English, with no knowledge at all of London. For me this was ok but for foreign tourists it is a disgrace.Having stayed here three times I feel I have seen all sides of the hotel, the good, the bad and the in-between. It is not awful, and the location is till excellent, but I will not be staying here again.	
Jun 23 2005	Not as bad as previous reviews	I was extremely worried about my stay at this hotel based on previous reviews but I must say that I had a hassle-free stay. I would agree that the rooms &amp; bathrooms were quite small but it suited our purpose. We didn't really have any dealings with the staff other than checking in and out but found them pleasant enough to deal with. Our room did appear to be clean and really like the look of the reception.I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for reasonable, central accomodation. If your expectations are not too high then you won't be dissapointed but if luxury is what you are after then this is not the hotel for you!	
Jun 4 2005	Worst Hotel Ever.....	Wow, I have never stayed in such an awful hotel despite travelling throughout Europe. The staff almost went out of their way to be unfriendly and the room was appaling. Sandwiched between the elevator and the staff quarters below the ground floor with a fire escape outside the street level window.It is not an exageration to say that my 6 foot frame did not fit accross the bredth of the room. Facilities did not include such basics as a kettle, and the toilet. Well let it just be said that when perched upon the toilet, one had to open the toilet door to allow ones legs to fit underneath the sink!I am sure that not all rooms could not have been this bad, but the fact that they had a sign in the lobby advertising single rooms for GBP30.00 less per night less then I paid, and that when cleaned the staff decided to open the previously locked window and move my laptop computer to the windowstill that as previously mentioned was at street level. How it was not stolen I will never know.To sum up I have stayed in better GBP5.00 per night youth hostels and could not possibly reccommend this hotel to my worst enemy.	
May 14 2005	Not worth the money!!	Only stay here if you are a very heavy sleeper!!! We heard everything all night long from our room. We heard everyone's conversations in the rooms around us. Luckily the elevator broke because it was so loud!! The staff was not very friendly and the breakfast was ok. This hotel should be so much cheaper!!	
Apr 25 2005	Liked the Hyde	A short one-and-a-half block walk from Paddington Station in downtown London, I liked the Hyde Hotel very much. Small rooms, but clean and a friendly staff. A good value in a city where it's often hard to find good value. If you're looking for a place in London that won't run you an arm and a leg, check it out.	
Mar 24 2005	Loved it! Go Executive!!!	Regardless of what the popular opinions appear to be on this hotel, my boyfriend and I were very impressed with the Hyde Hotel. We booked this 3* hotel from lastminute and managed to get a executive double room. Arrival: Upon arrival, we were really impressed. The foyer is large and spacious. The staff were very friendly and courteous, knew immediately who we were, and checkin in took less than 30 seconds. They didn't even charge us the extra fee we owed (because we'd changed our booking dates) though that may have just been a mis-hap on their part.Our room: Our room was ground-floor, looking out onto a small courtyard, and we were really pleased with it. Our bed was large, and the room was decorated immaculately with a two-seater sofa, two single chairs, small coffee table, bureau and a tv (though all the channels were on the wrong stations!- a minor complaint), and about six different lamps, so you could create great lighting. It was really really clean, and immediately felt like home.Our bathroom: The room came with an en-suite bathroom, which was compact but clean. Decorated in white and pale-blue, the shower was fantastic and the bath just large enough for two. The floor did tend to get quite wet when you left the bath or shower, but this was fine for the amount of time we spent in there. We also had a little trouble with the loo-flush, but this was also a minor issue. Fresh white fluffy towels were delivered each day. As someone else has mentionned, it was quite difficult to wash your face in the sink without getting water all over the floor (and yourself!!), due to the placement of the shelf above. Complimentary toiletries were provided; shower gel, bath gel, shampoo, conditioner, two bars of soap and two glasses. All in all, the bathroom served its purpose comfortably.Staff: As mentionned, the staff were very friendly, and cleaned our room promtly and well each day. However, they didn't appear to have a good grasp of the english language, which made some communication a little stilted.Charges: The executive rooms were £105-£115 per night, though we bagged ours for much less (around £60) on lastminute. Anything at the £100 mark is a little pricey for us, but it was certainly worth the amount we paid.Restaurant: I cannot comment on the restaurant as we never dined there, though from glancing at the menu, prices were all around £5-£8 for a main course. We did take advantage of the breakfast menu. We went continental and had croissants, toast, jam, fresh orange etc at £3.50 per person. A full english breakfast was £4.95 I believe, though I never opted for that.Location: The hotel is a stone's-throw away from Paddington station, and some fab little restaurants and pubs are just nearby (you must try Bizzarro). Central London is extremely accessible from this hotel.Overall, I would definately recommend the Hyde Hotel and would certainly stay there again.	
Mar 16 2005	Clastrophobics should avoid	The photos and description we saw before arriving made this seem like a contemporary, well-kept facility. When we got there we found the lobby was tiny and most of the staff was not very helpful. Our room was down a narrow hall then down an even narrower hall (not more than 36&quot;), then down a couple steps. If there was a fire it would have been impossible to escape except out of the room onto the roof it overlooked. Despite other reviews, our bath was average size. Our &quot;double&quot; bed was actually two twins pushed together. The furniture was cheap and quirky as was the architectural details. The breakfast was a poor continental. But the hotel was close Paddington Station and some good affordable restaurants. Take a good converter - the one the hotel provides didn't work. We will not stay here again.	
Mar 7 2005	Not my cup of tea!	Booked through lastminute and after reading several reviews I suddenly realised i might have booked a dodgy hotel. However i phoned in advance to confirm the booking and all went smoothly. The hotel's location was great with Paddington station and tube minutes walk away making London extremely accessible.However the hotel itself was in my opinion not that great. The rooms were small (sorry extremely small) and noisy and the bathrooms even smaller than the rooms!Having said that i suppose you get what you pay for and it was safe and secure which i suppose is more of a priority than room size.If like me you are student used to small rooms and hostel style accomodation then the Hyde is sufficient however if you prefer spacious rooms, staff who are willing to help and a room with little noise then the Hilton is two minutes around the corner and this may be a better option if not £200 more a night!Not my cup of tea but just about acceptable.	
Feb 22 2005	I hate this hotel	I think that this hotel his terrible. I stayed there in february 2005: just opened the door of the room there was a staircase with five or six steps (dangerous for not very young people) so that the floor of the room was al least one meter and half lower than the door; the room was so small that the double bed was attached to the walls for three sides, thus being accessible just from the last one. I had to ask to change my pillow because inside there were some stains of blood: The armchair was ridiculous, and there were not comforts at all, but the worst thing was the bathroom (situated at the half of the stair), and the wash-basin, both of them so small that was impossible to wash your face without spilling a lot of water on the floor. I will not go to that hotel once again and I don't recommend it to anybody.	
Feb 13 2005	The Worst hotel Ever!	Our room was so small that you could roll over from one twin bed to the next. There were stains on the carpets, ceiling and curtains. The staff was extremely Rude! Don't be fooled by the pictures of the front of the hotel, once you see your room you would like to run away from it. I will never stay at this hotel or recommended to anybody. It was the worst experience in my life. !! 	
Feb 9 2005	Far from okay	The room we stayed in was about 4 m2. It was so small that we could barely walk in the room. The bathroom was even smaller. Also the room constantly smelt of sewage and keeping the windows open did not help much. There is no hairdryer in the bathroom. You can ask for one at the reception though. But since there is only one of them, you need to be lucky to get it before somebody else does. As for the breakfast, it is a very poor continental breakfast. The room rates are too high for what you get at this hotel. 	
Feb 1 2005	Bed bugs	I ended up covered in bites from bed bugs! But on the positive side - they did reimburse our entire stay, so I must commend the management.	
Jan 6 2005	Do not Stay!!!	Poor Service(1) Receptionist Staff friendly but do not know how to offer assistance(2) Told breakfast start 7:00am but door was not opened until 7:15am with no apology(3) Booked for double room but offered twin room as the reaons is all rooms were booked out(4) Told by kitchen staff 1 crossaint and 1 bread roll policy in buffet continental breakfast. Ridiculous.(5) We have to wait for 15 minutes to get back our luggage as the porter (who is the only person has the baggage room key) was out. We nearly missed our flight.Recommend not to stay. You can find better value for money elsewhere	
Dec 10 2004	Good Hotel For What You Pay	Good location and the Hotel is much better than the hotel which I stayed last time in the same area.Staff are not English but they are OK.Overall I had good stay.	
Dec 6 2004	Nice stay good prices!	Stayed at the Hyde from 11-14 november and had a very nice stay at the hotel as I allways do! Stayed there four times before also. Always nice and clean rooms, and you pay what you get. Dont expect large standard doubble rooms. But their executive rooms are big and very nice!! Staff is allways polite and I have never had any problems with staying here. DOnt know what all the fuzz is about!This is a truie bargin in London with its superb location and price!Highly recomended!	
Nov 30 2004	They cancel my reservation 3 days before arrival	I booked 2 months in advance this hotel for the good rates they offered through venere.I received the confirmation, and then 1 month later I contact directly the hotel by email obtaining a further confirmation of the reservation. 3 days before my departure to London, they canceled my reservation and told me that my credit card was wrong. So I didnt get a chance to view the rooms in the Hyde hotel, but after reading all this reviews.. I think I have been lucky if I found another hotel before coming there!Word of advice to hotel manager: I think you can pay more attention to the reservation via web and especially keep the booking situation under more control.	
Nov 30 2004	No room... rude manager... do not stay here!!!!	This hotel was booked through lastminute and was a complete and utter dissappointment!we checked in at 9am yet were told at 8pm when we returned that we had no rooms and we were transported across london to a different hotel only to have to return to the Hyde Hotel the next night after a very rude manager refused to pay for a second night in the hotel we had been transfered to. The Hyde Hotel eventually agreed to pay for our transportation back to their Hotel after an irate manager advised us that he was doing us a favour and was trying to help us. The hotel is in no way a 3* hotel, the wallpaper was falling off the walls, the ceilings were waterstained and the grouting in the bathroom was a foot above the tiling.... and that was our upgraded executive room!You have been warned do not get mislead by the good location and shiny facade....you will be disappointed and more than likely you will be verbally abused by the manager.	
Nov 29 2004	Not so bad.	Booked this hotel via Lastminute, attracted by the cheap price and good location I booked without checking any reviews. So, after checking them out I was worried. However, I spent 3 pleasant nights in this hotel. Sure the lift is a bit noisy and my bed was a bit squeaky but it was clean and the staff friendly. Some of the rooms have a few steep steps as soon as you open your room door (mine did) which is a bit weird but I was warned about them and so I never fell down or up them. It's not first class but you get what you pay for. I don't understand how this hotel can be so bad one minute and ok the next. All I can say is my stay was fine and I had no problems at all.	
Nov 19 2004	Were told we had no room!	Me and my boyfriend booked this hotel over the internet for the weekend, after travelling on the train and tube to get to hotel, we were greeted by moody staff who could hardly speak a word of english! after standing around in lobby we were told we had been moved to another hotel (without being informed - apparently it is not a priorty to tell you!!!) I tried to establish why - no luck, i was fobbed off big time. They offered to pay for a taxi to take us to new hotel - damn right. New hotel was disgusting - Thankyou. Word of advice to hotel manager-hire at least one person who understands english! Bottom line: dont book this hotel, its too much hassle, especially if you have to move to another place.	
Nov 19 2004	You get what you pay for!	Having booked this trip months in advance via Lastminute we arrived on the first trip of our stay to find that they had double booked us for the first night. What made matters worse was the manner in which the staff dealt with the whole episode - meaningless apologies and a distinct disregard for their customer. Nonetheless they did put us in a nearby hotel and paid for our taxi fares. That hasnt compensated for the inconvenience!Having stayed in other London hotels of a budget nature I have to say this is one of the better ones. Why? Quite simply, it is set in a nice leafy street (somewhat of a rareity in central London). It is close to the tube and several restaurants and pubs. The hotel itself is fairly clean and modern in a budget hotel type of way. Granted the bathroom is like a broom cupboard but you do get what you pay for and at least it was clean! I would never touch the breakfast in budget hotels - you can often find a healthier, heartier breakfast in nearby cafes just as cheap and as such have no experience of the food on offer here.Our room was small, we did only have one pillow per bed and the wardrobe space was certainly lacking. The door to our room had a huge gap between it and the floor which was a bit conspicuous but certainly this place isnt as bad as some reviews would lead you to believe.	
Nov 18 2004	No chance to review	Having booked the Hyde Hotel through lastminute in October, we made the trip to london for a weekend away in November. Upon arrival at the hotel we were told that they were fully booked and that we would have to go to another hotel instead, which they assured us was the same quality (3 Star). So we didnt get a chance to view the rooms in the Hyde hotel, but if they were anything like the hotel we got moved to, i wouldnt recommend it.	
Nov 9 2004	Don't believe everything you read!	Having booked this very inexpensive hotel online I thought I would check out the reviews for it. Yes-I know I did it all the wrong way round but to be honest I am glad I did. Had I have read the negative comments I probably would have splashed out the extra money and gone to another Hotel instead. This Hotel is fine for a pit stop and so cheap for it's location. I will be recommending it to others for sure. Yes the rooms are small (cabin like) and the staff are not English but the rooms are clean and comfortable and the staff are accommodating and have adequate English skills. This is an ideal place to stay if you are more interested on spending your money experiencing what London has to offer. Use it as a place to rest your weary head and not a romantic weekend away.	
Nov 6 2004	not as bad as all the reviews say!	Just a few hours before departure to london I saw this site and read the reviews for the Hyde hotel in London. I was terrified! And of course expected the worst. But after spending 3 nights in a quad (two mothers and two teenagers) I must say that the hotel met our expectations. There were some problems, for instance the lift didn´t work on our floor, but all in all we were very pleased. Breakfast was a lot better than at other hotels in GB and the staff was very nice. So don´t hesitate to stay at the Hyde Hotel!	
Oct 28 2004	The "Hyde" Hotel Takes After it's Monstrous Namesake	This is by far the WORST hotel I've stayed in while in Europe. It's ugly as sin and unreasonably overpriced. The staff was unhelpful, unfriendly, and spoke very little English. Upon our arrival at the Hyde (after a 55 pound cab ride) we were escorted to our tiny room with a bathroom no larger than a closet. The bed in the couch would not pull out, so I was forced to wait an hour for someone from the front desk to come help me pull it out and bring up blankets. It took even longer to get an ironing board, iron, and blow dryer (none of these things came standard). The matress had stains on it that looked suspiciously lke spilled coffee and blood. We harangued the staff to change our room (to one that was very little better) the next night, because we were right next to the &quot;lift&quot; which was so loud it sounded like the building would fall down every time it was pulled up the shaft.The &quot;breakfast&quot; that supposedly comes with the room consisted of stale rolls, butter/jam, and coffee or O.J. If you wanted to have a &quot;real&quot; breakfast, which was conspicuously displayed in the middle of the room, you had to pay 8 pounds more a person. For 8 pounds you could have cold eggs, bacon, sausage, cheese, and a few different types of lunch meat and croissants. My mother, sister, and I took turns paying 8 pounds for one and snuck extra food to eachother while the French food-patrol squadron's backs were turned.This place is not worth the money. In fact, you couldn't pay me to stay here again.	
Oct 28 2004	OK for a short trip	I made a 2 night trip to London with my wife and two doughters (12 and 14).We were afraid arriving at the hotel after reading all this negative reviews. I was in England several times and did know the style of rooms there, so our expectations were little. We had Room 511, which is in the fifth floor. To short up this review I will post our positive and negatives here:Negatives:- no air condition, the room was very hot at night, even we had no heaters on. It was October and about 15 degree celcius outside, so we could easily cool down by opening the windows.- The mattress of the childs bed was not very comfortable. It was a fold out couch. - The bathroom was very small. We had a bigger one on our last sea cruise cabin :-)- The breakfast was ordinary, but fresh and enough to start a day. The coffee was good. Positives:- The room and bath was very clean (which is the most importand attribute!)- The room was equiped with a TV - The room was big enough for a short term stay- The elevator was working- The reception personal was very obliging- We could lend a power adaptor at the reception with no cost.- We could securely left our baggage before and after checkin/out.All in all we had a positiv impression and would suggest this hotel to others as long as the dont expect a Hilton quality for a low price.The price is OK taking the location into account. It was very easy to travel to the city by bus or tube.	
Oct 26 2004	Worst Hotel EVER	Worlds worst hotel, Smallest shower EVER, very noisy in Room. You have to get half out of the shower to put shampoo in your hair (I’m a small to med build person)Bed is hard up against the wall, and the floor boards creek really loudly, people upstairs up at 7am walking around we felt as if we were in a speaker it was so loud. Ask for a room away from the lift if you must stay here, as it is very noisy. The room is small, clean and functional. This hotel is not good value do not be fooled. Breakfast is as good as the rest of the hotel. The walls are very thin and the doors keep even less noise out. Out of about 30 hotels I’ve stayed at this is the worst.	
Oct 13 2004	worst hotel in paddington area	booked this hotel on lastminute and wish i hadn't. booked in on 9th October for 2 nights and 2 rooms 1 double and triple. booked in at 1400 and went to get my relatives from heathrow. we arrived back to find they had lost our key to one of the rooms and had decided to remove our baggage from the other room. NO manager on duty we waited for about 3/4 hour and eventually they told us they had booked our rooms out to other guests and could not accomodate our party. they did book us in to the mitre hotel in sussex gardens around the corner which was a lovely hotel with very friendly staff and a really good breakfast.if you decide to go to stay around paddington i suggest you dont even consider the hyde and book the mitre hotel instead!!!!!!!!!!	
Sep 22 2004	Hyde Hotel - worst hotel in London	Firstly, don't be fooled by the previous postings to say that the Hyde hotel is any good. These have obviously been added by the management of the hotel to make it look better. Let me explain how I know this....In short the hotel is not what it seems from the internet, there are many better hotels in the area for less.I am originally from England so I am familiar with London and what you can get for your money. I now live in US and was visiting London on vacation. I booked the Hyde hotel thinking it was a 3 star hotel and for the price it seemed right. When we turned up the hotel looked very run down. We went to the reception and was treated by a very rude receptionist who spoke little English. We took our keys and went to an executive room on the top floor. The room size was not too bad but the bathroom was tiny with barely enough space to stand between the bath and the wall. We had been travelling all day so we started to have a shower. After 15 minutes of no hot water we phoned down to reception who told us that they don't have hot water right now!! Why didn't they tell us before we checked in? We were told that it was being repaired and would come back on in about 1 hour, later we would find out the truth. Unclear how a hotel can operate without any hot water, ie restaurant etc we decided to check out and go somewhere else. Before we left we looked around the room. It could be seen that there was a large crack around the perimeter of the ceiling and a damp appearance around the ceiling. Also there was a damp appearance around the smoke detector which had been removed completely. This was the final straw so we went to the reception to speak to the manager. We waited behind two other customers who also wanted to see the manager because of similar problems with there rooms. We waited and waited being told several different stories by the recpetionist and then she eventually said &quot;he is having dinner and doens't want to be distrubed!!&quot; So we decided to go and see him during his dinner. We told him our concerns and he disputed every fact, we asked for a refund and he wouldn't give us one. He told us that he had been to hospitality school but they must have failed to teach him that the CUSTOMER IS ALWAYS RIGHT!! We later found out that they had been having problem with the water for a couple of weeks and it kept on stopping, then they had a flood on the roof which is why all the rooms have cracks around the ceiling and the damp patches, which is also why the smoke alarm was removed because it had short circuited. We also found out that the only air condiotioning unit in the building was in the mangers office. He also mentioned that he gets a lot of complaints about the hotel and threatened us that &quot;if we ever put something on the internet about the hotel then he would know who we are&quot;. We moved to a hotel just down the road, it was 10 pounds more per night but it was glorious in contrast.If you are planning to travelling to London then I would strongly recommend looking at hotels other than the Hyde.	
Sep 14 2004	Faulty Towers	This hotel was by far, the worst lodgings I have ever stayed at. The room had a stale smell - the sheets were stained - the shower stall was the size of a shoebox - the hotel had no ice (I was told I could get ice around the corner at a store) - I had to keep returning my room key anytime I went out - the elevator was broken - the restaurant/bar was never open the entire time there - the rooms/hallway were incredibly hot...Don't waste your time with this hotel - it is a dump - Keep searching around for a good price for a safe hotel that is clean and at least can give you ice.	
Sep 13 2004	Terrible	We booked the Hyde Hotel after reading on it's website that it had been recently refurbished - HA!!The first room we were given was on the third floor and had several stairs down to the bed once you were in the room - it stank of smoke (we had requested non-smoking). We were then told that the only other room spare was on the Lower Ground Floor - the room was absolutely tiny, you could not even attempt to dry yourself in the bathroom as you could not turn around in there - more like a small cupboard and the paint was peeling off the walls around the shower (refurbished ?? Not!!) The walls were paper thin and from 7am we could hear everyone passing our room to go to breakfast. The only positive thing I can say about this hotel is that it was clean. I would never stay there again.	
Sep 8 2004	Riped off at the Hyde	In early June we stayed for 3 nights at the Hyde. Fairly clean and fairly large rooms. The down fall of the stay came at check out when we were told that we owed 5600 pounds for a 30 minute phone call. The phone was neither used for calls or for a modem. We had no computers with us. All phone calls were made from the pay phone found outside along the street. In discussion with the manager we were told that we could have used a computer for the modem and some other lame excuses. IN the end the management through emails and phone conversations came to the conclusion that we didn't owe 5600 pounds but rather in the neighborhood of 200 pounds. Had we made a single phone call from the room this might have played into their scam. We didn't use the phone. Beware of this scam. 187 pounds per minute is quit the ripoff!!	
Sep 3 2004	If you pay little you receive little	My freinds and I had just travelled 13 hours+ upon arrival to the Hyde Hotel. We were anxious to get into our room and relax. However, the hotel lost our reservation. Because we booked it through a website and supposedly got a &quot;reduced fare&quot;, they had trouble bringing up our reservation. It was a nightmare, and we had to pay extra for 3 additional nights(which we had already paid for online) and an extra bedroom. But our stay overall was relatively acceptable. There is no air conditioning, so being on the top floor was terrible (request lower floors). And the bathroom is literally the size of a closet, although very clean. The room itself is satisfactory; you get what you pay for. It is clean, but pretty bare. Ask for a room facing Westbourne Terrace because the ones facing Praed do not have windows that open. (And the people there won't move you once you've moved in...)The service is AWFUL! The elevator broke for two days with no attempt to fix it. And the people at the front desk are terribly rude. (And dont even TRY the complimentary breakfast--it is stale bread and old coffee). But there are redeeming qualities about this hotel--the location is fabulous. About two blocks from Paddington station and 30 seconds from Praed Street, which is full of cafes, restaurants, shops, liquor stores, internet places, etc etc. It is terribly convenient, although touristy. It is so easy to get around the city from this hotel.And Westbourne Terrace is beautiful! You wouldn't suspect the outside of the building was a hotel if it didn't have a sign. White stone buildings with columns line the shubbery-lined street. All in all, lousy service, but great location. It is simple, but safe and clean.	
Aug 5 2004	Hotel Hell	This was the worst hotel I have ever been to. If they had the only room in all of London, I would sleep in a train station.My wife and four children booked a double and a quad room, for five nights and coming in on a late arrival. We arrived at 11:00PM only to find that our rooms had been given away, and it was a Friday evening during Wimbledon. After they found a hotel to move us to (for one night), it was after midnight before the taxi dropped us to our temporary residence. Even though they charged us to stay at the Hyde in a double and a quad room, we were given two rooms, both with two singles. Therefore, we had to make makeshift beds on the floor for two of the kids. Upon returning to their hotel, they put us into a quad room with a broken bed, so again two kids slept on the floor. Night three, they moved us two floors up where we got working beds, however the faucets in one bathroom did not work. Night five, we were again moved because they had committed the rooms to someone else.So after booking two rooms for five nights, we ended up sleeping in eight different rooms, between two different hotels. Truly a trip from hell.	
Aug 3 2004	fully satisfied	I had a good surprise in the Hyde Hotel. My room was located on the first floor,very fresh despite the summer heat. After a tiring day, I was happy to find a clean and tidy room. Quite small bathroom, but acceptable. I enjoyed as well the new eclipse bar, a bit expensive I have to say, but friendly and with good music. Sincerely, I had a nice and peaceful sleep in my room, the staff were nice and did their best to make me enjoy my stay and I did, my trip was great so far! top quality, top services, a definite recommend.	
Aug 2 2004	friendly and clean	I must say that when visiting London, one should be prepared that &quot;small&quot; means small but in this hotel &quot;clean&quot; also means clean.The staff made a real efford to make our stay as comfortable as possible and we were impressed with the immaculate appearance of the whole place which made us forget a little about the somewhat small rooms.The breakfast was tasty and starting a stressfull day sightseeing with a smiling receptionist made a huge difference.If you are looking for basic comfort in a clean environment with friendly staff, stay at the Hyde Hotel.	
Aug 2 2004	The worst hotel i have ever stayed in	Words fail me when trying to describe quite how bad the Hyde Hotel is. I've stayed here twice and the last time I ended up in the nearby St Mary's Hospital, and then was threatened with legal action by the manager when i asked for a refund. Never in my whole life have i been treated so rudely, insensitively or cynically.After not being able to sleep all night and subsequently collapsing at 9am, I was told by the paramedics that it was either food poisoning (from the cocktails) or my drinks had been spiked with amphetamines after spending a few hours at the ridiculously expensive hotel bar ('Eclipse'). My partner was also very ill, and we ended up reporting the incident to the Police, and DTI.One thing to bear in mind here is that the hotel ***has NO AIR CONDITIONING***, not even portable fans. The staff speak very little English. The only well-trimmed area of the place is the foyer, and it certainly does not deserve a 3 star rating. The lift was broken, the filthy rooms are like saunas and you feel like a mole when squeezing through the narrow corridors on the way to your room.We were told verbatim by the management that the hotel was supposedly financed by &quot;saudis&quot; (whatever that might entail) and existed solely to extract money from rich arab men and tourists while they were in London over the summer period. Whilst not being a particular surprise, it was the cynicism that shocked us. The bar downstairs provides 'waitresses' especially for the enjoyment of people who want to pay £1000 for a table or £45 for a glass of champagne.Whatever you do, don't stay there, drink there or anything else - just take your money somewhere else where you can get better value and customers are cared about.	
Jul 28 2004	A pleasant journey	I stayed in your hotel with my boyfriend, and the reception allocated a nice double room with balcony, where we enjoyed the nice weather.Furthermore, Paddington is really nice area in central London.The morning, we paid £6.00 for the american breakfast which was not included in our booking with lastminute.com, a bit expensive but this is London! anyway it was tasty and we were really full after that! we went in the vip bar as well, very elegant and sophisticated, where we had fun with the staff and some other customers, conclusion:i will come back again!	
Jul 20 2004	no service	a small pokey room that you fall down the stairs as soon as you open the door ( not helpful if travelling alone &amp; with asuitcase), and a tiny bathroom that had no running water for the first day and toilets that don't flush properly. not to mention the rude and unhelpful staff or the complimentry continental breakfast that consists of a stale bread roll + jam. The only redeeming feature is that it is close to paddington station.	
Jul 12 2004	dont even think about it	We booked as a group weekend trip to London through last minute.com. Dont get me wrong the price was good, but it was a 3 star so we thought we were ok. How wrong could we have been. A catalogue of disaters that added stress to what was supposed to be a relaxing weekend. The staff are unhelpful and seem to think it is below them to sort out their mistakes. I had booked a triple room but was checking in at a different time to my friends. I was checked into a room with 2 complete strangers of the opposite sex. The staff had no idea who was in what room, they had double booked many rooms. We were contacted at 1am to be asked the names of the people in our room, what would have happened if there was a fire I dont know? The rooms are tatty , although clean and the third bed in what is advertised as a triple room is a camp bed, which didnt have any sheets on until I asked-when I was finally checked into the right room!!!The bar is never open, small point but after taking 30 mins to check in believe me you need a drink!I didn't have unrealistic expectations but how this hotel got 3 stars I dont know, 1 star is more accurate. The foyer is nice, but i think that is what the budget was blown on! No matter how attractive the offer, I would urge you not to ruin your time in london, go somewhere else.	
Jul 11 2004	8 great days at the hyde hotel	I really do not understand the anger of all these people on this website, I came many times in London, and I knew many hotels much worst than that and much more expensive. Furthermore, Paddington is a very convenient place in the middle of London.The Hyde hotel is a nice hotel to stay at low cost, elegant and clean, where you feel welcomed, I had a good experience and I already booked for my next trip in London.	
Jul 4 2004	Don't even think about it...	I booked the Hyde Hotel on the internet and i must say that the photographer that did the photo's deserve's a prize he must be a genius especially the photo's of the rooms, myself and my partner thought we were going to stay in a classy hotel (WE WERE VERY MISTAKEN). On arrival to the hotel we were met by two receptionists equally rude with not a word of English, we were given our room on the fourth floor. Stepping off the lift straight away you are just hit in the face with the most disgusting smell, we then opened the door to our room which had 3 very dangerous steps down into what you could only describe as a dog box with no room to swing a cat, and i wont even go on to the Bathroom...... Straight down to reception we went and politley asked to be moved to a new room, we were met by a grunt and then asked for an extra £20 to move rooms.......... we moved to the Executive Suite, a slightly bigger room with a couch.From the experience we already had we decided not to even try the breakfast and judging by other reviews we seem to have had a lucky escape!!!!!My advice do not go near this Hotel it is over priced with rude staff and rooms that would not even be suitable for the seven dwarfs!!!!!!I'd say that all the good reviews on this site were put in by staff members of the Hotel cause people seriously could not have a good word to say of this hotel.	
Jun 28 2004	Not a great hotel ... not even an ordinary one	After a 21hrs of flying to London from Sydney our 1st destination was the Hyde Hotel ... and what a total dissapointment this place was.Firstly, as if trudging our bags thru several tiny corridors wasn't tiring enough, we opened the room door to find a:Bathroom that was soooo small that if you had a shower you had to dry yourself outside, which, contained a toilet, that to sit on, you had to be a contortionist.lovely view of brick walls.And the breakfast! ... we paid an extra few pounds for the Full English Breakfast after dealing with a very rude staff member .. what a joke! Most normal hotels keep their food in warmers of some sort, no not this place, they just have it all on plates on a table so it all goes cold rather quickly.On the whole a very dissapointing hotel that I wouldn't even recommend to my worst enemies.	
Jun 19 2004	Nice place nice price	Great price and loads of fun. Our room had a lovely balcony with a view of neighboring buildings. For the rate, the hotel was an excellent value. Breakfast was tasty and just the thing after a very late night. Good location and very kind staff. I will stay again!	
Jun 14 2004	First view can be deceiving	When I first walked into the lobby, it looked like it was going to be very nice accomodations for our 5 day stay in London. My wife had arrived before myself and had check us in. They had tried to give her a room in the basement of the hotel, but she told them that the room was unacceptable and they moved her to a different room on the fifth floor. The hotel does have one nice aspect and that is the lobby of the hotel, too bad that it goes down from there. The staff at the front desk speak very poor English and could not understand what I needed. The hotel does not have air conditioning and the rooms were extremely warm for mid-May. The continental breakfast is a joke. Coffee, hard rolls and jelly are what is included, unless you want to pay more for the full breakfast buffet. Next time I travel to London I will definately not stay at the (Jeckyl) Hyde Hotel.	
May 28 2004	Stop whining	I stayed at the Hyde last year when my family was visiting, and it was very pleasant. We stayed in a non-smoking room which had a practical balcony for the smoker in the group. It was clean, quiet and with the usual 'English' breakfast for those who want it. Not to mention a great location, central but away from the worst tourist congestion.I don't know what all the complaints are about; clearly if you want to be waited on hand and foot / live in the lap of luxury, you have to pay for it. And in London especially everything comes at a price! I think the Hyde is really good value for money, and punching above its weight. I am staying there again this year!	
May 3 2004	Completely unproffesional	Our one night stay in this hotel was more than enough. We found our personal belongings moved from one bedroom to another without any warning (because of a 'problem' in our room) and had cold showers in the mornign.. without any discount or compensation. Very unproffesional response to complaint by manager. Stay away from this one!	
Apr 15 2004	good value	I don't know what the fuss is all about. I booked through hotels the day before we checked in, and I didn't see, smell, or hear anything that people are complaining here. the staff was nice, they all spoke english. I am extremely sensitive to the smell of tobacco being a nonsmoker, but i didn't smell anything. i thought it was a pretty good value hotel	
Apr 10 2004	If you like staying in a rabbit hutch.... stay here	I booked a double room for myself and my partner, we checked in and were giving a twin room where you didn't even have room to swing a cat. You sat on the toilet and could have had a bath at the same time, you had to keep the bathroom door open if you wanted any space to move! Our first morning we went to have breakfast which was included in the price, or at least a croissant was! you had to pay ?4.00 per person for a full english, which we did, only to find there full english was stone cold fried egg, sausage and bacon! all the hot food was out on plates left to go cold. Very poor for the price and will never go back again and dont recommend anyone else to visit!	
Apr 7 2004	Do Not Book the Hyde Hotel	I booked the Hyde hotel for two nights in London. Upon arriving, I was told that my room was not ready yet but I paid my &quot;deposit&quot; (my room was already paid for yet I was required to pay an 100 pound deposit) and dropped off my bags. When I returned to get into the room, I was told that the hotel was overbooked and that they had given away my room. The hotel then sent me to another area hotel and when I arrived there they were also full and had been sent too many guests by the Hyde hotel. After wasting a lot of my time, the Hyde finally send us to a third hotel. I specifically talked to the people at reception and the manager that they would pay for this hotel for the two nights I had originally booked with them. The second day, when I went downstairs I was told by the new hotel that the Hyde was only paying for one night and that I had to go back to the Hyde for the second night. As I didn't go on vacation to spend the whole time carrying luggage from one hotel to another, I refused but ended up paying for the second night myself and am in the middle of a battle with the Hyde over a refund. Please do not stay at the Hyde - it is not worth it!	
Apr 5 2004	The "Hyde" has nothing to hide	The Hyde Hotel is a great low cost hotel, we had a few minor issues, but the staff was extremely accomodating and helpful. The hotel is quaint and is in a wonderful location, literally 2 mins to Paddington and a short ride or walk to Notting Hill.We all expected the worse based on the reviews, but I have to say that I have stayed in hotels in the states that I paid much more for that were far worse. For anyone considering booking this hotel, it really is more of a &quot;glass half empty~glass half full&quot; sort of thing, it depends on your taste and what you're used to. We liked it and would probably stay there again.	
Mar 26 2004	Better than expected	I searched many websites before settling on the Hyde hotel for my first overseas journey. After reading the other reviews, I was a bit nervous, but willing to take a chance. I was pleasantly surprised. The cost was low - for a room for 4 people. It was fairly spacious &amp; very clean. No issues with the bathroom here - perhaps because of the larger room (one of their &quot;Executive Rooms&quot; with one double bed &amp; one double sleeper sofa). We stayed one night (on the hard mattresses, but hard mattresses are not unusual in budget hotels). Major complaint was the malfunctioning elevator. It was off &amp; on throughout our stay &amp; we had to lug the luggage to the 4th floor. However, overall, it was a pleasant experience &amp; a convenient location. I would recommend it.	
Mar 24 2004	will stay again	We have stayed in many london hotels of similar category before ,but this hotel is the best in its class. The hotel provides only basic facility but for a buget trveller like me its just nice. Its near to the main tube station and most major attractions are only a few minutes walk. Avery neat garden is just infront.The pickup points for two major city tour buses are a few blocks away, very convenience. The people running the place are very friendly and most helpful. The rooms are neat and the bathroom though small are very clean. We will certainly stay there if we are to visit London again. Our complement to the receptionists. They were most helpful and considerate.	
Feb 22 2004	The Hyde Is Jeykl	After a long computer search I settled on The Hyde. Probably the only positive thing to say about this place is that it is but one short block from Paddington Station which was convenient. The hotel reception desk is staffed by rude, incompetent individuals unaware of proper hotel policies. Anyone waking up to the desk could easily obtain a guest's room number - no security here at all. Rooms- small doesn't begin to describe it- my single room was 9.5 feet long, 8.4 feet wide and include a narrow single bed, narrow ledge desk, and a desk chair. The ensuite bathroom reqire you to step onto or over the toilet to get into the shower. Though my room was non-smoking, it was next to rooms where smoking was permitted and it filled the hallways. My request for a extra pillow tool 2 days to get it along with the extra bath towel I requested. I travel more than 100 nights a year and stay in upscale hotels as well as Red Roof Inns and Motel Six's and this place is just plain bad and overpriced.	
Jan 27 2004	Not So Bad After All	I stayed in Hyde Hotel with my partner on Jan. 24th - 26th '04. Before arriving in London we checked tripadvisor.com to read reviews on the Hyde Hotel (this was after booking), we got a terrible fright seeing all the bad stories. We checked in late (about 10pm), they asked for the credit card details, even though we paid the the whole lot when booking, we used someone else's credit card to book so we had no credit card on us, but they accepted a photocopy of my passsport. From then onwards there was no major problems. The room was extremely warm at night (even though the heating was turned off!). For some reason they gave us the Executive room, without booking it online, which I thought was very generous of them, the room was very spacious, there was a closet with only room for hanging up clothes, no draws. We had only 1 very flat pillow each, I have a bad neck so that didn't help. Breakfast was nice, the continental breakfast was included in the room but we chose for the full English, that was Â£4 extra. Overall it was a pleasureable stay, it's in a great location for Paddington Station and the buses. We'd probably stay somewhere else next time (nothing to do with the hotel), a change is always good!!	
Jan 8 2004	A hostel rather than a hotel	The rooms are tiny and a bit bizzare, but for the price, you'd think you'd find a smiling face or more than one person on shift at a time who speaks English.  It seems this hotel (hostel?) has a policy of hiring any new eastern european who is starting a new life in the UK. Not a bad thing, but it turned into case after case of the blind leading the blind.  To make matters worse, after needing to extend my stay by a day, they had the nerve to want an increase.  I said forget it and went around the corner. NOTE: Hotels are located every 10 feet in this area, shop around if you have an hour!  The Hyde will do for a night, but better lodgings are always just minutes away.	
Jan 8 2004	Great stayed at Hyde Hotel.	Value for money, Clean, Great Location (beautiful area). We will book this hotel again. We stayed at another hotel previouly! What a horric! Hyde is great. Staffs are helpful. We will come back &amp; recomend friends.	
Jan 6 2004	Snookered by the Hyde Hotel	DON'T even think about this hotel. I booked on Hotels.com, but when I arrived they claimed they didn't have my reservation (similar to some of the experiences of other reviewers; I smell a scam), but of course, they had a room for me for much more. The room itself was awful; it was very, very small, was suffused with smoke, and a couple of the lights didn't work. The morning meal was also rank. This hotel deserves a one star rating and should charge about 30GBP tops.	
Jan 5 2004	There's nothing Great about Britain if you stay HERE!	A buddy and I stayed at this hole-in-wall during the Christmas break...it was brutal! Unless, you like double rooms where the beds are so close together you can literally roll over in the middle of your sleep and hit your buddy in the next bed. And don't get me started on the port-a-potty, I mean the bathroom! Unless you're a really talented contortionist, you'll NEVER get your entire body washed in that shoebox they call a shower. I dare you to try and rinse and repeat! Want to try and watch television at night? Good luck! You got a better chance of seeing David freakin' Beckham than that tiny Tonka toy in the corner those freaks call a television! And the front desk help? Hah! That's a good one! Overall, whoever created the web site for the Hyde Hotel deserves some sort of cyber Pulitzer prize! It looks great on the Internet, but then again, so do chicks talking dirty in a chat room! Bottom line: THIS PLACE SUCKED!	
Dec 17 2003	We will stay at another hotel next trip.	The Hyde Hotel has some good features, but has a few problems. We are not smokers, and this is not a smoke free building. Smell of smoke in hallways and lobby. Walk thru smoking area to get to breakfast area. Standard room is quite small for 2 people - no drawers for clothing. Internet service on site at 1 GBP per 1/2 hour is a plus. Surprised that they charged the price for the full 7 nights before we got the key. We are used to settling the bill at the end of our stay. Perhaps they have had people move out mid week?Staff seems used to being yelled at. We observed several guests complaining loudly. They treated us well when we did not shout. It did seem that no one, including the manager, was completely fluent in English.Next time, we will try a different hotel in the same area.	
Dec 3 2003	Good choice but...		
Nov 26 2003	Pretty good		
Nov 18 2003	Faraway from this hotel		
Nov 18 2003	It's a shame!		
Nov 14 2003	Nightmare Hotel		
Nov 13 2003	I will also not return to the Hyde Hotel		
Nov 12 2003	Definitely do NOT stay at the Hyde Hotel London		
Nov 4 2003	Do Not Stay at the Hyde Hotel!		
Aug 18 2003	no air conditioning		
Nov 13 2002	Masked Modern		
