	average	hotel clean &amp; well presented. easy access to 02 dlr then one tube stop. room service meal was very poor over priced &amp; not very good. breakfast also poor £17 per person for lukewarm cooked breakfast not ideal.	
Nov 19 2009 	Nice but mind the drinks	I have stayed in this hotel on a two occassions - the rooms are well appointed and the hotel has a fantastic location for the price. Weekends are very good value and we paid £69 for a Saturday night. Our first visit was marred by the £27 for two gin and tonics which included 12% service charge. I don't mind paying service but not when you have to wait at the bar for 15 minutes. By the way when I wrote to complain I was told that I should have expected high prices in a 4 start hotel.The second visit was better in that we were prepared for the prices at the bar and this time we actually had our drinks delivered to our table.	
Nov 18 2009 	Great hotel great location a romantic break!!!	This is a nice hotel with a great view of the 02 arena just across the Thames. A suite is recommended for extra comfort as it has a large bed and large bathroom, what more do you need!!! What's more the onsite Spa facilities were superb and worth booking before you stay (half price with a room) We were thoroughly pampered and along with the friendly,helpful staff had a most relaxing and pleasant stay.	
Nov 16 2009 	Elegant and very different from old City hotels with small rooms thick carpets and many doors.	Very serviceminded and friendly personnel and the most elegant pleasent rooms I have seen in London. For a meeting in the Dockland area, the hotel is perfect.	
Nov 15 2009 	Modern but soleless hotel	Rooms were ok, facilities ok. For business it did the trick but you are too far from town for a leisure trip and there is nothing in the surrounding area. Car parking is awkward (valet) and it was expensive for a fairly run of the mill modern room.	
Nov 13 2009 	Fabulous rooms attentive staff and superb location for o2 and ExCel	Wow, what a fantastic reception and entrance. This completely set the tone for my 3 night stay during WTM 2009.This hotel is a great base for ExCel and across the river from the o2. You have the choice of transport for getting to ExCel: the DLR from Blackwall is just 2 minutes walk, taxi's sit out front and you can walk to Custom House / ExCel in 25 minutes. This hotel is a brilliant base and the spacious, modern and clean rooms are complimented by friendly, efficient staff. The bar and restaurant provides very good food, however, there is also a good Italian just done the road.	
Nov 10 2009 	Excellent service	I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights during a business trip and I was completely satisfied with the room and the manner of staff who were always courteous. My room was comfortable,modern and spacious, breakfast was very good and I received a complimentary copy of my newspaper. I used the gym and I found it comfortable and well equipped though probably a bit packed at pick hours. I also recommend the spa centre the use of which is not free to guests of the hotel, but is a really enjoyable experience. I used the business centre and similar to the gym it was adequately equipped but probably a bit too small for such a big hotel, also at the time when I was staying the printer was not working (however, I was offered to use the one at reception instead). As a whole I had a very pleasant stay at the hotel which despite its convenient location only a 10 minutes away from Canary Wharf was really quiet and had the necessary amenities for the guest to relax after a long day. The only few things that can be improved are: air-conditioning which I found hard to adjust to the required temperature and also a bit noisy, toiletries which included a simple shampoo and no bath foam/shower cream, and the shuttle bus service which was a problem for our group as there were very few spaces in a car and only one car every 20-30 minutes.	
Oct 25 2009 	Lovely Hotel Great Location Reasonable Price	My partner and I stayed here for 3 nights in July. We booked it last minute through lastminute.com. We chose the &quot;Top Secret&quot; option and the Radison was what we got. We paid about 60pounds or $120 Canadian per night. We were booking last minute and were looking for a reasonably priced hotel, that wasn't horrid, and close to public transport. The prices of hotels in central London are crazy and you get really awful places if you choose the bargain options. We felt The Radison delivered in that it was a short train ride to central London, and was really lovely and clean for a price that was quite cheap for London in July.We were very pleased with the location. It is less than a 5 minute walk to the local DLR (DOcklands light railway) station. From the station it was a 25 min. ride into the central London. It was very quick and easy. The hotel is across the water from the O2 arena, so if you are taking in a show there, this is also a perfect hotel for the night. The hotel itself is brandnew, and very contemporary in design, with elegant decor that certainly was a cut above most other Radisson locations. The room was very spacious, had a large flat screen TV, a small stereo, insuite coffee, tea, minibar. Heated towel racks, large comfy bed with down duvet and tons of pillows. There was a trouser press, ironing board and iron, and a gorgeous bathroom with deep luxurious tub, as well as sleek shower room. All the little extras were provided, from qtips, to sewing kit, to shampoo and conditioner and lotion. The only drawback to this hotel is that its Docklands location means that its a bit out of the way and so trendy restaurants or bars didn't seem to be in abundance. This is not a nightlife location, but there are some restaurants and basic amenities near by and the hotel has a pool, and gym, bar and restaurant, so you wont be without. If you realize you are going to be taking the DLR into downtown and you can live with that in order to save a bit of money, then this is a beautiful, clean, brandnew hotel at a reasonable price.	
Oct 24 2009 	fabulous river views very stylish hotel	We wanted a hotel near the O2 for a combined anniversary celebration and to see Spandau Ballet in concert, so I chose this hotel because it looked so stylish on the website. I wasn't wrong, the rooms and communal areas are like something out of 'Wallpaper' magazine, but not in any way pretentious as the staff were extremely welcoming and friendly.Because it was a special occasion I requested a river view as an afterthought just after booking and was delighted to find we'd been upgraded to one of - I believe - the best rooms in the hotel and were also surprised with a fabulous complimentary bottle of champagne, delivered to the room complete with ice bucket and chilled glasses!I'd thoroughly recommend asking for Room 330. We enjoyed glorious views of both the sunset and the sunrise over the river and the O2, the bed is huge and comfy, the bathroom is large and luxurious and also overlooks the river, and the hotel in general was surprisingly serene and quiet. We appreciated the fact that you couldn't hear any noise in the corridor thanks to the extra thick carpet.All of the communal areas were sleek and stylish, and the breakfast buffet was varied with a good selection of quality food. We were lucky enough to have great weather and a beautiful autumn morning the day we left so we chilled out outside later with hot chocolate which came with a sliver of delicious cheesecake. Funnily enough we were both too full to investigate the fitness centre! The business centre was great though as we both needed, sadly, to keep in touch with work.I would recommend this hotel to anyone who likes quality and modern styling. It's also incredibly close to the O2 via public transport. Blackwall station is the nearest as you can even see the hotel from there. For other places to eat, it's best to walk to Canary Wharf, about 10 minutes away. This is worth knowing as there are only a handful of restaurants (other than the one at the hotel) close by and they only open at peak times, it seems.If I were to improve this hotel in any way I'd say perhaps some of the staff, while polite, could be just a tiny bit more on the ball at times and the in-room guides, while elegantly designed, need a rethink as the pages kept falling out of the binders! These are minor quibbles as overall I think we received excellent value for money and enjoyed a lovely, truly memorable stay.	
Oct 18 2009 	Best hotel I have ever stayed in!	I had a lovely stay in this hotel, very modern and clean. We stayed in one of the suite rooms and it was by far the swankiest hotel I have ever stayed in! Bathroom was really modern with a huge bath and walk in shower. I wish I could have stayed there another night! Having read other reviews and from our experience, the hotels location is the only slight downside. We got a taxi from canary wharf as we could not find the hotel by walking. The taxi cost £5. But when we ventured out again we used the dlr from blackwall which was useful. What I would say is although this hotel is slightly more out of the way I really want to stay there again! If this hotel was right in the centre of London you would have to pay so much more money. This is a fantastic hotel and you would gave to pay an extra £100/£200 for a hotel of this class in central London. I am already looking at taking another trip here in December, very very pleased.	
Oct 13 2009 	Terrific Week-end	We spent two nights here when we attended Andre Boccelli concert in the O2. Great to be so convenient to the venue, less hassle with trains and not too expensive for taxi's. Would benefit from having a water taxi as they overlook the Thames and are just a stones throw from the venue by water, cut out the troublesome tunnel. The service charge did hike up the prices so it would be an idea if the staff actually gave you the option to add this, thing Treating Customers Fairly and everything being clear.Enjoyed our short stay, the staff were very pleaseant and easy going and made us very welcome. Thank you from the Isle of Man	
Oct 1 2009 	cliff richard show	We stayed at the Radisson Edwardian for one night , excellent location , good service , good position for the O2 arean, breafastfast was good nice view of the river thames, not far from the tower, can go by river or train. Good value for money.	
Oct 1 2009 	A total waste of money	I attended a reunion function at the weekend for doctors who trained at the Royal Free. Having stayed at Radissons in Glasgow and elsewhere I expected a certain level of service and care from this hotel. I could not have been more wrong. Just note anybody who is going there, they will make a service charge for paying for drinks at the bar (12.5%). When I questioned the general manager I was told that on the receipt it says it is discrectionary but I did not receive the bill until AFTER I had paid! There are NO signs saying there was an optional service charge going to be made. When I said this to the general manager he made no comment. At the table a friend and I ordered wine, after paying for this I noticed they had brought the wrong white wine. I was told I had incorrectly placed the order, yet we had both told the waiter and pointed out to him what we wanted. He told me it didn't matter as we would not be able to taste the difference!!! I asked him to bring the wine list over as I had told him which number and I wanted to prove to him that we had ordered correctly. He disappeared and never returned. And we were charged 12.5% service charge for this treatment. A consultant on our table wanted to share a glass of wine with a colleague but all the glasses had been cleared away, when he asked for some new glasses he was told that they were all in the dishwasher and there were no more available (this gets more strange by the minute). When he insisted, the waiter brought A tumbler. Another friend buying drinks at the bar was charged 3 different prices for the same drink! The meal was unbelieveable, the starter a diabolical smoked fish dish followed by at best what could only described as a mediocre main course and the pudding, what can I say. This was a poached pear but not like any poached pear I had ever tasted before. It was so unripe and uncooked we had to try and cut this with a knife and fork (and with difficulty)! If we were not with so many friends and colleagues I would have strongly complained then and there but I left it until the Monday. The general manager asked me to put it in writing on an email, which I did but as yet I have had no reply. I intend to contact the rest of people who attended and get their views (I already know many that have already complained to me). This was not an isolated incident as everyone else experienced the same kind of prob lems and worse.	
Sep 24 2009 	Excelent hotel with excelent staff	We stayed here as we were going to a show in the O2. This was our first visit to this hotel and I must say how impressed we were with the service we received. The staff were extremely friendly and efficient. When we checked in, our room had been upgraded to a suite which was a nice surprise! The quality of the room and bathroom were superb and we definitely would recommend this hotel.	
Sep 15 2009 	good customer service - yeah right!	Me and my partner arrived at this hotel, looked pleasant and we thought we would have the best weekend ever! Oh wrong were we! The valet service parked our car for us, checked in and stayed in a one bedroom suite. Rooms were nice, clean, spacious.. everything we were expecting... Then the problems started!I had booked a take two package at the recommended spa, which looked beautiful.. but left my partner feeling relaxed on only one side of his body! The full body massage he recieved for some reason only meant massaging one leg not the other - which is funny as being a qualified beauty therapist i am 100% sure a full body massage involves massaging both legs not just one. This was presented as a misunderstanding on part of the therapist as she could not understand english properly when my partner said only his ankle was to be massaged lightly. After getting ready to go out in the evening, we made a call to reception to bring our car to the front.. only to be told that the car was not starting! After going to see whats wrong with the car (as we had arrived to the hotel in the same car with no problems), my partner was spoken to very rudely by the duty manager called Tibor. We were told its our fault that the car did not start, as their valet service could not have done anything wrong! On inspecting the car, my partner found the lights in the car were left on (which we did not switch on as we had arrived in daylight) effectively killing the car battery. We were still told it was our fault! To top it off, Tibor started giving his own advice as to what he thought we did to the car ( as he obviously was a trained mechanic ). After waiting around for ages, and being talked down to by this manager, we were finally called a cab to take us to where we should have been an hour earlier. When staying at a hotel with such a well known brand name attached to it, one would expect impeccible customer service and a pleasant stay, both of which we did not recieve. The next day we had to wait extra hours for a mechanic that was called out by us, NOT the hotel (as they did not believe it was their fault.) During these extra hours, trying to get a hold of room service was also a difficult process. The phone was answered after ringing them three times, only to find that the menu in our room was for monday not for sunday. So we were told the menu on the phone - very professional! Only on the mechanic stating that the hotel was at fault for the car fiasco where we given a quick apology, and a free upgrade when we book and PAY for a room next time we stay. My partner and I were expecting to have a luxurious relaxing getaway this weekend, which turned out to be a total disaster due to the rude customer service from the manager of the hotel, the delayed room service (may i add it took over an hour for room service to deliver 2 bottles of water) and half a full body massage at full price. But on a positive note.. the room was beautiful.. if thats all you look for when booking a room at radisson.	
Sep 14 2009 	Wonderful hotel	Stayed there on a long weekend. The best hotel I have ever stayed in. Rooms are beautiful. Bathrooms are outstanding. Staff are excellent. Great location. Would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 10 2009 	perfect stay	stayed for two nights at this Hotel, from check in to check out every part of my stay was perfection. The room was large and exceptionally clean. Breakfast was delicious the best ive ever had and staff were always courteous and professional. Would definately stay again when next in London.	
Sep 8 2009 	beautiful	stayed in this hotel in june and i can honestly say its by far the nicest hotel iv stayed in. we were greeted at the door and welcomed to the hotel. on the first nite of our stay we were going to a concert at the o2. we went to the front dest and asked if someone could phone us a cab, expecting a black taxi to come and pick us up, little did we know that we had our own private driver to escort us to the o2, and pick us up again. i felt like royalty.the rooms are very modern, the bathrooms are gorgeous, and the staff really go out of their way for you, will always come back here.	
Sep 7 2009 	Great for a week-end break	We have just returned from a weekend in London. After checking Trip Advisor, we decided upon this hotel and I'm glad we did.The rates offered at weekends are very good and our first impression as we walked into the lobby was positive. The contemporary, clean decor was continued in our room. There was, in my opinion, a real attention to detail and the bathroom was fab. We were in a 'basic' room and I was extremely impressed. I'd definitely pay for the upgrade if I stayed here again!On the Friday evening we decided to eat in the restaurant, as it was getting late. There was a great atmosphere, the food was good and so was the service.Greenwich Park is a mile and a half from the hotel - we ran there on Saturday morning - but it would make a great outing. There are plenty of shops and cafes. The view of London is fabulous. Blackwall DLR is a five minute (maximum) walk - I was a little concerned when I read about scary walks back to the hotel in a review. However, we never felt there was a problem. On the Saturday night we walked back from Blackwall at gone eleven pm. It was well lit and felt safe to us.In my opinion, this is a lovely hotel with high standards. I would recommend it to friends without hesitation.	
Sep 3 2009 	Superb Hotel in a Great Location	We spent 3 nights at this hotel and have to say value for money it was the best hotel we had stayed in whilst in London. We enjoyed a superior room with a view of the Dome. The room was spacious, and very modern. All areas of the hotel were spotless, the staff were extremely polite and helpful. Location was superb, 10 minutes walk to a tube station or into Canary Wharf itself. I can't praise it enough.	
Aug 27 2009 	Don't be Tempted by Low Rates	Stayed here on a four-day sight-seeing trip. Hotel looked nice, and offered cheap rates, so went ahead and booked. Location though is terrible. You think you're by Canary Wharf, but in fact, you're a good 20 minute walk away from Canary Wharf/Jubilee Line/shops/restaurants. Nothing really around the hotel. With cab and Tube fares, and scary walks from Canary Wharf to hotel, you're better off staying closer to the city. Other problem was service. Every time I had an interaction with staff, left very unimpressed. What really steamed me was that I needed a cab to the airport early morning. Called concierge for help, since there was five of us. Told me only alternative was a 90 quid ride in a black cab. Asked if there was a cheaper alternative, he said no. While out, picked up a free flyer, called a cab company that had an advert. They picked me up in a van, friendly driver, 55 quid. Really, isn't that what a concierge is for? Just felt like the bloke had no clue, either that or had no desire to help. Bad enough to be staying in the middle of nowhere, don't need to compound with bad service.	
Aug 27 2009 	One of the best hotels in London	The bedrooms allocated were &quot;absolutely beautiful&quot; the bathrooms elegant with great views of the O2 and surrounding area. The service at check in and checkout was very fast and efficient, Valet parking, so we didn't have to worry about parking the car.Bar - very quick and friendly service. Cleanliness of the rooms was outstanding. Breakfast was brilliant! The fact that breakfast is served until 11.30am at the weekend meant that we didn't feel rushed, a great end to a perfect stay. We had booked three bedrooms on a corporate stay with clients. I would recommend this hotel when wanting to impress your very best clients without a doubt!The New providence is most definitely one of the best hotels in London.	
Aug 26 2009 	Great Hotel	Great hotel in Docklands. Easy access to DLR and London City Airport. Rooms very new and comfortable. Free wireless internet access. I got a rate of 80 GBP per night from Radisson website which was outstanding value. Highly recommend	
Aug 24 2009	Super views - super hotel	I enjoyed a weekend stay at this wonderful hotel. I booked a junior suite which had fantastic views from the floor to ceiling curved windows and a bathroom straight out of a fashionable magazine, complete with walk-in shower, luxury bath and twin washbasins.The hotel is tucked away at Providence Wharf but lies close to a DLR Station.The O2 building lies on the other side of the river - photos attached.Staff were very friendly, the bar was great with a super choice of cocktails. Breakfast was plentiful and very tasty!Stay here for the super rooms!	
Aug 24 2009 	Stylish and comfortable stay	Service on checking in and in the bar was excellent, breakfast was a little slow but we weren't in a hurry so not a problem. The room was very comfortable, apart from the sofa which was a bit &quot;upright&quot;, and the laminate flooring just gave it a slightly less luxurious feel although appreciate that it's practical. Unfortunately the TV in the bathroom didn't work and the aircon was a bit on the noisy side. The location is nice and quiet and good views/impressive surroundings, i found it convenient and relaxing although some might prefer to be closer to the hubbub of the west end. I love the decor in the rooms and other areas of the hotel, but all the bathrooms/mirrors are just a little on the dark side, which is in keeping with the decor and more flattering!	
Aug 23 2009 	Great modern hotel	Hotel itself very impressive. Having booked this hotel because of the views across the river we were disappointed to be given a room overlooking the car park. Also when checking in, the couple next to us were given a free upgrade because it was their anniversary but even though we had already told the guy who was checking us in that it was our anniversary, we were not offered any upgrade, which was disappointing. However, the room itself WAS lovely, very comfortable big bed, flat screen TV, Wifi access, all mod cons and the bathroom was fantastic, very modern and stylish.. The spa facilities were fab, a great place for a relaxing break, although this hotel does NOT have a pool as stated on some websites. The shuttle boat across to the O2 was a nice bonus, loads of bars and restaurants over there to choose from. If booking, try and stress if you want a river view or you may be disappointed. On the whole a pleasurable stay and I would recommend this hotel for anyone visiting the O2.	
Aug 23 2009 	great hotel	just back from a one night saty at this lovely hotel. it is not the easiset to find form the Dockland Light Railway station but well worth the effort. i loved everythign about the hotel itself. the check ion was efficiently done by a friendly memebr of staff. the room was amazing with a bathroom larger than some rooms i have stayed in. the view over the river thames was the best i ahve ever had in london.the spa is well worth a visit if you ahve time , a real place to relax with its steam room, sauna six different types of shower and warm loungers. breakfast was pricey but considering the excellant room rate i got it was worth the convenience of eating there.not convenient if you are wanting a night out in the centre of london but if you want ti visit london and have a relaxing base then this haven of affordable luxury is for you.	
Aug 12 2009 	Luxury in the Docklands	What a fantastic stay, right in the middle of the docklands. Rooms are great and if you are lucky enough to be on the front, great views up and down the river and directly opposite the O2 Arena. Service ecellent and staff could not do enough for you.	
Aug 11 2009 	Sleek modern hotel in docklands	We booked the hotel at the last minute and got a great price for the room. The hotel is a 5 mins walk from Blackwall DLR. There was no queue at reception and the receptionist was very friendly and helpful. The rooms were very modern and the beds were huge. The bathroom was also very nice with a great shower.There is not a lot in the immediate area of the hotel but as the DLR is so close it is easy to get back in to central london or Greenwich	
Aug 10 2009 	Good Value	This hotel is a long walk from Canary Wharf use Blackwall (DLR), no shuttle bus at weekends. Lovely room, very clean, pity about the lukewarm bathwater. Liked the mineral water in reception - nice touch.Fridge unusable for own stuff.	
Aug 3 2009 	Outstanding Canary Wharf Hotel	Having stayed at several Canary Wharf hotels I can honestly say the facilities and standard of this hotel are second to none, The location is excellent at the waterfront and with a shuttle service up to the banks its the perfect stay for business travellers and also a great location for the O2 opposite.	
Jul 30 2009 	Very good value for money and friendly 4 star hotel!	My Fiancee and I originally chose this hotel as we were going to the Michael Jackson concert at the O2 Arena, so we chose it purely for location. Obviously as this gig was cancelled, we had to make other arrangements and got tickets for Dirty Dancing at the Aldwych Theatre instead. So that was the reason for our visit.I've got to say it's one of the poshest yet friendliest and comfortable 4 star hotels we have stayed at. We were allowed an early check in at our request with no extra charge and were greeted with a warm friendly welcome. When we needed to get a taxi the concierge actually opened the cab doors for us. I've not experienced this at many 4 star venues. The room was classed as a superior room but I believe it was just standard but what a room! A MASSIVE king size double bed which was very comfortable, all the mod cons you expect such as a flat screen tele, telephone, tea &amp; coffee facilities, ironing board, radio and mini bar. But this room also had a docking station for Ipods (even shuffles) and a computer for internet access. It also had temperature controls with air conditioning, great if you're always boiling hot in hotels like me! The bathroom is probably the best designed I have seen during my hotel stays. You have to check out the website pics to see what I mean. We just felt comfortable during our stay. Although we didn't spend a massive amount of time in the hotel apart from sleeping, the short time we spent there was great. We didn't get to use the leisure facilities though did manage a drink in the elegantly designed bar which had comfortable lighting and an lcd tele with big screen sport on. The restaurant was candlelit which I liked, though we didn't eat there. For only £78 (room only) through Late Rooms it was certainly very good value for money! We even shared a breakfast for £17 on room service which consisted of a full English fry up, toast, orange juice, tea or coffee, yoghurt, croissants and cereal.Would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone. The only downside is that it's not really near Canary Wharf tube station. I would estimate a 15-20 minute walk and that's if you know how to get there. A taxi from outside the tube station cost us £6 to the hotel. That aside, it's one of the best hotels we've stayed at. Top stuff.	
Jul 30 2009 	Absolutely Brilliant	Very impressed with all aspects of the hotel, so modern and contemporary, rooms well equiped with quality fixtures and fittings, thoughout, great detail had been given to the interior design including the the Bang &amp; Olufsen TV, the bathroom was amazing, free standing bath with fantastic views of the Thames and 02 Arena. Without a doubt, the best hotel we have ever stayed in, would definately use this again and highly recommend to friends and family. Was a bit cautious of the nouveau menu but when the food arrived, it was cooked to perfection and the presentation was amazing, we didnt want to leave, wish we had more time to take the opportunity of using the spa facilities, maybe next time.	
Jul 29 2009 	Sleek clean new hotel.	The hotel was well fitted out with what looked like a high quality finish. Our room was clean and had a lovely rain shower and separate bath which i liked!Staff were fine and answered the couple of questions we had but did not go out of their way to be overly helpful or friendly - eg. at one point we were directed to use the internet as opposed to our question being answered by the staff member. I didn't mind this but it made me feel a bit like we'd been a nuisance!We arrived the first night at about 10.45pm and asked if the restaurant was still serving food. We were told that it served to 11pm so we went straight into the restaurant and they told us the kitchen had switched off the ovens so we could only get bar snacks. I think for a hotel of this size they could serve food in the restaurant until the time they state at reception?... We had 2 pizzas from the bar menu - these were fine and they boxed up for us what we didn't eat without us asking, which was nice. Breakfast was good, seemed like quality stuff, ie. not cheap sausage or bacon! My only little moan was that i was served horrible tea on the second morning, whereas the previous morning i was given a pot. These are not things i'd mention apart from the hotel isn't a cheap one and markets itself as higher end and little things (like nice tea) need to be maintained!We had excellent service from one waiter at breakfast which started off the day well and was appreciated!We got the tube from Victoria to the hotel. The last section is on the DLR. Our booking info recommended we get off at East India stop, however we found Blackwell/Blackwall (or something like that!) was much closer to the hotel. We were quoted £25 in a taxi so were glad we got the train.We had a very good stay and i'd recommend this hotel to others.	
Jul 28 2009 	Modern and comfortable!	We stayed one night in this hotel, which was a little hard to find, but we asked a couple people and eventually figured out the nearest tube. Check in we had a problem with one key, but then just used the other one. Room is very modern. Not sure how I felt about the male butt on the wall as art, but everything else was very clean, modern and enjoyable. The bathroom had glass walls and shower and plenty of room to store clothes if needed. There are a couple restaurants near by as well as a McDonalds.	
Jul 28 2009 	Very nice staff enhance a sleek hotel	I stayed here from 24 - 27 July 2009 for a business / leisure weekend. Via a well known breaks site I got a very good rate. My room was a standard double with a side view to the other new buildings in this pretty-well all-new area. I had asked for a higher level room with a river view (on the site's booking form request field) but didn't get that: however at the price I was not about to complain.I quickly settled into the room and liked it. The bed was a normal double size, good quality, topped with velvet cushions and throw. The angled window had a seat and coffee table, screened off by an organza drape. Big wallmounted TV, good desk and excellent lighting throughout. The fast, free, simple wifi was perfect. One wall socket was broken. Tea / coffee supplied but nothing fancy and no biscuits. Mini bar was fine. The bathroom (room 218) was adapted for disabled guests' use so was very spacious - which I liked, needless to say. The bathrooms are wet-room style. Gilchrist &amp; Soames wall-mounted toiletries were ok but a bit scentless. The shaver point was broken but concierge services had an adaptor with me in 5 minutes.The overall feel of the room was modern, executive and calm. It was certainly quiet and the aircon kept things cool. The window opened. Room service was quick and a delicious smoked salmon bagel sandwich with some chunky chips was about £9 and was with me within 15 mins the twice I ordered it.Just about every member of staff was friendly and smiled a 'hello'. The bowler-hatted concierges met me at the taxi in executive style and were helpful with directions. The check-in reception chap was very friendly and informative (although while we were doing my check in a more senior member appeared round the corner and put down a paper in front of him, ordering him to &quot;do it right next time!&quot; which was rude in from of a guest!).A colleague and I ate in the restaurant and the food was fairly-priced and good throughout with delightful service. A tasty rib-eye type steak with sides was about £13. Scotch whisky was £6 a go for Famous Grouse which was the cheapest - priced the same as more expensive brands, oddly. But bar service too was all good.Breakfast offers various options and is £17 for the full selection. There are a couple of options at a surcharge like Scottish kippers. The buffet selection was fine, both hot and cold (good fresh fruit). Porridge (no supplement) was brought fresh to the table. (If you want to go cheap, there's a Macdonalds about 5 minutes' walk away.)There is a spa (and pool at £5 a day pass) at the hotel - which we didn't try. However the range of treatments was comprehensive and not over-priced.Blackwell Docklands Light Railway (DLR) is 10 minutes' walk away and from there you can link up to the underground (Tower Hill is a good change point) into town. The hotel has seating outside, amongst attractive planting, and a terrace area overlooking the river and O2. So - a notably friendly hotel, executive in feel but not stuffy, in a quiet setting near the impressive towers of Docklands. The downside is that you have to travel a bit to get into town. Your call - but it was a positive trade-off for this visitor!	
Jul 27 2009 	Modern Oasis by the river	Myself and my girlfriend stayed here on the 18th July. We arrived at 12 midday and our room was ready for us. Valet parking costs £12.50 which, is very reasonable for london. I upgraded to a one bedroom suite for £40 and it was well worth it. We didnt have a river view that we would have liked but the room made up for that. Large living room with dinning area - medium to large size bedroom and fantastic bathroom. All 3 rooms had tvs and stereos.The service was excellent, apart from an extra dressing gown that we asked for that never turned up..but that's just being picky. Drinks are expensive, but only in comparison to bars and clubs. They are what you would expect from a 4-5 star hotel.We went into London for the day, cocktails and lunch, followed by dinner at a brazilian restaurant that my girlfriend was dying to try in the o2 village. I had been trying to propose all day but every time it felt like the right time something would happen and ruin the moment. Eventually we sat on a gorgeous terrace at the hotel overlooking the river and the brightly lit o2 directly opposite and i popped the question(she said yes). I would like to thank the hotel for helping me to make it a special day, we are now planning our wedding and will be back on the same date each year to celebrate. Thank you radisson!	
Jul 23 2009 	great hotel.	great hotel, great staff. The only fault i can find is having someone shouting &quot;action&quot; outside my room door at 07:30 in the morning, this was a film crew, which i hadnt been warned about, other than that breakfast was good and the hotel is near the docklands light rail.	
Jul 22 2009 	Horrible experienceWould not stay there again at any price.	Room was booked via hotels.com so the day before are stay i telephoned the hotel to check the reservation was in order as i have stayed in radisson hotels before and checking in is not there strong point,After being passed to 4 different people at the hotel was told sorry we do not have a reservation for you,I told them i have a booking reference number from hotels.com but they were not interested,Had to spend 2 hours sorting out with hotels.com and found out it was the radissons fault spent the next morning on the phone to the hotel trying to find out if they were going to give me a room or not which delayed are trip by half a day,I sent an email to the manager of the hotel to complain and im still waiting for a reply,Very poor.I would say the hotel is typical 4* nothing special rooms are very small there are no little bottles of shampoo etc just a big bottle of shower/shampoo screwed to the wall only 2 towels in the bathroom,Poor lighting, tv to complicated to operate,The bed was very uncomfotable worse than a travelodge bed only 2 pillows,Noisy air conditioning,Only about 20% of the rooms have a river view all the rest either look into peoples flats or at a main road/motorway,Very poor location i would not walk around the area surrounding the hotel after dark.Staff at the hotel are all very snotty,I would not stay at this hotel again if they paid me too.	
Jul 20 2009 	Amazing Hotel - Couldn't be faulted	From the moment we stepped foot in the hotel, we were made to feel welcome. The receptionist who checked us in remembered my voice from a telephone call I made earlier to her in the week, without any hints at all. The rooms were absolutely spotless. The walk in shower/wet room was amazing and even was able to use the supplied ipod docking station (should have left mine at home!). Car parking was fantastic for 12.50 and had a great view of the o2. DLR nearby was really helpful and was only a short journey by cab later that night. Would def recommend to anybody.	
Jul 20 2009 	Excellent Location and Excellent Hotel	We stayed here recently and cannot say enough about the hotel. The staff were extremely professional and friendly giving advice what to go and see. We stayed in a superior room and were not dissappointed. It was excellent and very spacious.The location was great for the O2, just over the thames. The train station was very close, approx 5 mins walk and canary wharf a couple of stops on the train or about 10 mins walk. Hoping to stay there again in January.	
Jul 14 2009 	Great hotel	Very nice hotel. Everything was new and very clean. The bathroom was great. The staff at the hotel was very nice. And the food in the resturant was ecxelent!	
Jul 8 2009 	Nice hotel............BUT.	At a glance the hotel does all the right things, neatly styled bedrooms, good bar area, ticks all the boxes for a casual or business stay.We stayed for a night to goto an event at the o2, which the hotel has a great view of if im honest, once in the hotel check in was reasonable as opposed to swift, bedrooms well appointed-Bang &amp; Olufsen tv etc, wet room stlye bathroom however we notice the toilet was broken, we notified reception who assured us whilst out for dinner they would fix it, we went to the bar for a drink prior to our meal, we got given a cocktail menu ( quite good but pricey), after 25 mins nobody came to take an our order, we left as we had reservations without having a drink!! We returned to the hotel after 10pm to find the toilet had a new button it, it still didn't flush however, we phoned reception again who said they would get back to us (20 mins passed),we phoned again and were told they couldn't move us as they were fully booked, we told them it was unacceptable and we'd be checking out unless something was sorted, oddly enough tens mins later we get a phone call saying they had a room, we finally got into the room a little after 11, which took the shine off our day.On the day of checkout whilst my wife was in the shower I decided to put the light on in the bedroom, the lightbulb shattered and blew the fuse for the room, leaving my wife in the dark,in the shower, we informed reception who sent the maintenance man up (with a screw driver) who looked at it and asked if we were checking out,which we said we were, he then left us and said he'd fix it once we were out the room, we checked out and made our thoughts to the duty manager at the time about our experience, he said he'd email me back a response which to date none has come (we stayed on the 18/06), we have bizarrely had an automated response from Raddison regarding feedback, in addition I also emailed the hotel direct to chase up our complaint and have not even got response from that.Overall, I was dissappointed with the service, the hotel itself was ok, I just hope that anyone who does stay doesn't have any exploding lightbulbs or toilet issues.....In todays market you would of thought service was parramount, clearly not.	
Jul 6 2009 	Very enjoyable	Welcoming hotel and staff (much appreciated after a long journey). Nice room, excellant disabled facilities in spacious bathroom. Good meal enjoyed in restaurant with great view of The O2 Arena.	
Jul 6 2009 	Why stay anywhere else in the Wharf???	The Radisson NPW is a fantastic hotel - the service is excellent, the facilities are excellent and all within easy reach of transport links and the O2. Having organised events at this hotel and hearing the fantastic reviews from my company's travellers, I just had to experience it myself. The restaurant food is not the standard hotel food, it is by far top quality food with top quality service. The spa is excellent and offers relaxing treatments. The rooms are minimalistic, stylish and have all the latest mod-cons. So, whether you stay for business or pleasure, I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 2 2009 	Overnight Stay	Hotel was clean, staff were attentive. Wife ate in restaurant, said the food was very good. Would stay again.	
Jul 2 2009 	A true bit of luxury	A very modern and relaxing hotel with great views over the Thames and the O2 arena.The staff on the bar were very attentive making sure we never had an empty glass.The level of service from the rest of the staff was second to none who would go that extra mile for you.I will be recommending the hotel to my family and friends without a doubt.	
Jun 30 2009 	My new London apartment!	My girlfriend and I were lucky enough to find a late booking deal through a well known site offering mystery hotels at the last minute, as it were. We paid a bargain rate for a 2 night stay 25/26 June while we took in a show, some food and some typical tourist attractions around central London.Getting around London is easy enough, if you're young and virile a ten-minute walk to Canary Wharf tube on the Jubilee line gives great access, or 5 minutes to Blackwall DLR and get a transfer. - The concierge was delighted to help with directions and everything else we could ask for during our stay, unlike other high-end hotel groups which have a knack for hiring sullen front-of-house staff.I never bother writing reviews, but felt strongly enough about the experience we had at the RE:NPW to actually sit here and tell people.The rooms are clean, very well appointed with classy fittings and electronics and the views are special if you get the right room. The staff are delightful, from the cleaners we bumped into on the landing to the guard in the hut at the bottom of the street! - In a city as rushed and frequently unfriendly as London, this is a veritable haven of smiling, polite folks.We'll be back again, even if we can't get such a remarkable deal. - An absolute pleasure, thanks!	
Jun 27 2009 	Great place for the O2	Stayed here for a night out at the O2. Good hotel, nice room and helpful staff. Nearly travelled up on the train but with valet parking at £12.50 for 24 hours was cheaper than parking at our local station.On the night we stayed the Jubilee line was out of action so took advantage of a free ferry from right outside the hotel - couldn't have been easier.On the negatvie side, there's not much else in the area but the bars and shops at Canary Wharf are only 10mins walk away and there are plenty of options at the O2. Will definately stay again the next time we come up to the O2 for an event.	
Jun 26 2009 	Thank You for a Lovely Stay	Stayed in this Hotel for a Concert in O2 Arena, we were only 5 minutes by taxi. The Hotel was fabulous, definately 4*. Staff were fantastic, nothing was a problem. We were a little bit out from the centre of London but it only took 10 minutes to get to the underground. There is a lovely spa at the Hotel which I took to liberty of trying and felt totally refreshed after it. I have already recommended this hotel to my family and friends and when in London again I will definately be booking the Radisson Edwardian New Providence Wharf.	
Jun 23 2009 	Good Modern Hotel	My husband and I got a really good deal for 1 night staying at this hotel as we were attending a concert at the O2 arena. The rooms are a good size with a modern feel and the bathroom is well laid out with a separate bath and showerThe hotel is about a 5-10 minute walk to the DLR station which made getting to the O2 nice an easy.	
Jun 23 2009 	The place to be for West End Girls...........	I chose this hotel for its proximity to the O2 arena as I was going to see the Pet Shop Boys.Fantastic view of the O2 arena from my full length bedroom windowBathroom was divine with massive walk in shower and a seperate HUGE bath tub.Bed was super comfortable and quite an unusual style (Leather)Nice B&amp;O LCD TVAll in all an excellent stay and would throughly recommend	
Jun 22 2009 	Great hotel but ...	Great hotel, good location (although the DLR station might be a bit of a trek for the elderly/infirm). Good size rooms, with excellent decor and high quality fixtures and fittings, and aircon. Good selection of beers and food at the bar (rather expensive though).Really can’t fault the hotel at all, but the practise of including a service charge at every purchase from the bar no matter how big or small (and it seems to be a completely random amount) is at best cheeky and worst downright fraudulent. I have no problem with leaving a tip for waiting on staff when I leave the bar and the staff were all excellent, but the practise of having the staff deciding what tip they want when they serve you is just bizarre. %25 service charge for one bottle of lager ? Its a great hotel, but I woudn't stay there again, as there is are huge amount of hotels to stay in London, and not all of them rip you off...	
Jun 19 2009 	Great deal great room great hotel	We booked a suite for a staggering £164 (ex tax and breakfast) and had a room on the sixth floor. We didn't get a view of the Thames like other rooms, and instead could be nosey into the swanky apartments adjacent, and we did have a tantalising view of the Canary Wharf towers.We travelled to the hotel by DLR from Bank which is effortless, even with a five minute walk once you get off at Blackwall - don't in any way be put off by the fact that it looks like a long way from Canary Wharf. In fact, in the morning there's a free shuttle bus over to CW which cuts out a single change on the DLR at Poplar (and even that isn't inconvenient).The room was what I'd describe as Scandinavian minimalist - don't expect large pictures on the walls, but equally don't think I mean very clinical, cold furnishings. It had a functional yet relaxed feel and the suite itself was pretty spacious. As well as the standard Radisson B&amp;O TVs, there were two iPod-enabled music devices (Bose Soundwave and a alarm clock with iPod dock) - small features, but worthy ones for travellers who don't lug CDs around with them wherever they go. All rooms feature complimentary WiFi - some other chains aren't so generous - and my wife enjoyed a pedicure in the spa. We didn't eat in the restaurant, but did pop into the bar which was cool (but pricey).The service was good, the room service breakfast was great and overall we had a fantastic time here. I'm a closet fan of Radisson hotels but would chose this chain - and this hotel - over a nearby Hilton or Marriott any day.Quick note - we were staying here because we were going to a concert at the O2, which is literally just over the water from the hotel. However, it is still quite tricky to get to if using public transport. You will either need to take a cab (c. £12) or take the DLR to Poplar to change for Canary Wharf to pick up the Jubilee Line to the O2.	
Jun 19 2009 	Very Good Hotel	Excellent helpful service, good position, very clean but is very new, overall a comfortable stay. Would be very happy to stay again when in London.	
Jun 18 2009 	Simply The Best	An outstanding hotel with breathtaking views over the Thames, Rooms are fantastic, in particular the spacious bathroom, and the staff there are second to none Fabulous buffet Breakfast also	
Jun 14 2009 	Outsanding rooms at affordable prices	I stayed at this hotel on the 10 June. The room rate is excellent and the quality of room available is outstanding. The hotel is a short walk (10 mins) from Canary Wharf but also served by DLR and free shuttle. Given it is on the edge of Canary Wharf the size of room is tremendous and the location on the river means many rooms have River Views - the room I had was enormous with 4 windows looking on the River. The hotel is very clean, excellent reception staff who can't do enough for you. The bathroom facilites were again excellent with a large free standing bath (by the window). I will be going back, regularly.	
Jun 14 2009 	Peaceful hotel great to stay at for The O2.	I stayed here with my husband and 6 friends on Saturday 6th June as we were attending a concert at the O2, we arrived half an hour early for check-in but this was not a problem and were immediately given our room keys....we had parked up just outside the hotel and so handed over our car keys for the valet parking, this was completed efficiently and when we requested our car back in the morning - we didn't have to wait longer than 5 minutes. We asked if we could have rooms next to each other but the receptionist said the hotel was full up so could not arrange this...although the hotel never seemed to have many people around. We then went up to our rooms and were pleased with what we saw, the room was spacious with modern decoration...the bathroom was extremely clean and had a lovely deep tub and walk in shower, the bed was comfortable and when we finally went to bed for the night - the curtains kept the light out of the room completely. The bar was very nice, pricey but then it would be the same at any hotel bar....it was relaxing and not over-crowded. We never ate in the restaurant at the hotel so I can't comment on it but we had a quick peek at the breakfast in the morning and it looked very appetising. We received a courtesy call from reception asking if there was anything we needed and not to hesitate to contact them if we did. We got cabs straight outside the hotel over to The O2 as the jubilee line was not running, this was £15 for 4 people which we thought was reasonable....reading the response from the last message where they will be laying on a ferry service over to the O2 would have been extremely helpful but at least we know for next time...as I'm sure we will return to this hotel. In the morning we went for a swim in the small pool across the road from the hotel - it also has a sauna and steam room, apparently there is supposed to be a charge for this but we just said we were from the hotel and they let us in for free...it has floor to ceiling windows and had a great view of The O2. We then went back up to our rooms got ready and checked out which was a quick and easy process.The hotel was really very nice and I would definitely plan to stay here again - the only downside was the jubilee line not running but obviously that is not the hotel's fault and as they have begun the ferry service this will no longer be an issue...We all had a pleasant stay and were happy with the hotel.	
Jun 13 2009 	Perfect....nothing is too much trouble!	One of the best hotels I have ever stayed in! The staff are so polite and friendly, nothing was too much trouble for them, excellent location for the 02, and anything else was easy to get to. Rooms were excellent, with everyting you need whilst your away from home. Would definietly go back again......felt like I was royalty when I was there :)	
Jun 9 2009 	Lovely Hotel - Shame its in Canary Wharf!	I stayed in this hotel for 2 nights - we were going to see a concert in 02 the first night and sight seeing the next day and evening.Unfortunetly there were planned closures on the DLR and the Jubilee line when we arrived we got lost getting to the hotel so ended up getting a taxi (this was no fault of the hotel but be check to see if the lines are running if you are staying during a weekend as they are doing major improvements for the 2012 Olympics). Check in was fast and efficient, with a my credit card number taken in advance for any room service or spa treatments. We were booked into a superior room on the 5th floor. The room was lovely, very modern with a large bathroom, unfortunetly my request for a room overlooking the O2 had been ignored (even the hotel appeared to be very quiet) but this did not matter as I we enjoyed our view over Canary Wharf, The night of the concert we got a taxi back to the hotel from Canary Wharf - it was about £9 and this with a black cab - quite reasonable.During our stay we didnt use the East India DLR but walked up to Canary Wharf tube as we found this line more convienient (about a 15-20min walk) and very safe although you have to cross a couple of busy roads,We used Blackwall once and it was fine - I did not find this area intimidating at all.Check out was again fast and professional - I was told the £100 they had taken from my account for room service charges would be refunded (slight grumble that they didnt mention they had taken £100 out of my account when we checked in!).Conclusion is that this hotel is great for the 02 or Canary Wharf but if your looking to be in and out of the city I would stay somewhere closer. The novelty of Canary Wharf wears off after 5mins - all the shops, restaurants etc are all chain stores and you feel like you could be anywhere. I prefer somewhere with a bit of history and culture. On a side note I notice the manager of the hotel reads these posts - in the welcome book in the rooms it would be useful to include some maps, transport links etc of the wider area - particulary with the planned tube closures this summer and the amount of guests staying in the hotel on a weekend for 02 concerts.	
Jun 8 2009 	A great and unique experience every single time I stayed there!!!	Unusual big rooms for London's hotel with great bathrooms, great staff, great food.Staff very friendly even when I was stressed they had the patience to calm me down...	
Jun 4 2009 	Would be perfect if it were close to anything except Canary Wharf	Excellent service and accomodation. Restaurant fair; drinks overpriced. Says it's &quot;close&quot; to Canary Wharf DLR &quot;10 minute walk&quot; but they lied. more like twenty minutes at a brisk pace. Actually a 10 minute walk to Blackwall station. Walk to Canary Wharf is along very busy highway and was scary. Great views of Thames, especially at dusk. Would have been perfect if more convenient to usual Londo tourist destinations. Nowhere decent to eat except hotel without significant travel.	
Jun 1 2009 	Fantastic friendly quiet and perfect for the O2	When we first pulled upto the hotel we knew it would be good. Staff are fantastic and very friendly. They simply can't do enough for you. They don't hassle you but you know they are around. The hotel itself was quiet. Well it was when we stayed. The rooms are a good size and not overly priced. We stayed for the Beyonce concert at the O2 and found it a perfect location. Just a short taxi trip away and that cost about £15.00. We are waiting for the next concert so that we can book another room!!!	
May 30 2009 	AVOID regularly overbook sent to another hotel 1HR away way out of town	avoid this hotel at all costs. after driving for 4 hours the shift manager told us they had double booked so they sent us to another hotel 1 hour away in london traffic with most of the roads closed off due to building works. thearea resembles a building site not close to the tube network or city centre in an area that doesn't look very safe . next day the daytime shift manager Emile insisted that we return to the edwardian radisson or pay more to stop where we had been put by the evening manager, even though he had assured us we could stay put for the rest of our 3 day visit at no extra cost. staff at the replacement hotel told us the radisson regularly overbook and send irrate guests to them. so book this hotel at your peril. THE REAL LIFE FAULTY TOWERS. WE HAD BOOKED THIS HOTEL FOR MY HUSBAND'S 50TH BIRTHDAY WHICH WAS RUINED	
May 28 2009 	Stunning Hotel but avoid the restaurant	We stayed on a Friday night and the hotel really was fantastic. A modern and stlyish building with a light and airy feel. The rooms were beautiful with a really great bathroom.We loved everything about this hotel apart from the restaurant. We ordered a steak and a burger with a glass of wine each. After 50 minutes we questioned why the food hadn't arrived. They apologised and 10 minutes later our meals came. The restaurant wasn't busy and no explanation was given for the delay. When the bill came they charged us £9 a glass for a (very average) rose wine and added a 12.5% service charge. Poor service, disappointing food and rip off prices. I hate do dwell on the negatives but this really spoiled what would have been a great stay at this hotel	
May 27 2009 	good hotel - would like to go back for weekend break	A good hotel for a good price. Nice and clean and spacious. Deluxe room had a huge bathroom, but no bath! A walk in shower insted which suited me fine but may not suit everyone. Room was lovely - would definately stay again - especially for £100 a night advance booking, given the cost of other 4*plus in the area.Not sure there description of a 10 minute walk to Canary Wharf is correct (centre of it anyway) - unless you walk fast :-) but there is a hotel shuttle bus to take you there in the morning and return at night - last one around 9pm though. £5 in a taxi if you need one.	
May 22 2009 	Fabulous Hotel	We had stayed at the hotel to go to an exhibition in the area. From the point of arrival, the staff had been wonderful and attentive. Stayed in a beautiful room with a wonderful view, though slightly angled. One of the most comfortable beds we have ever slept in. Breakast too was good with a variety of dishes available. Would definitely stay there again and have already recommended the hotel to family and friends.	
May 22 2009 	A modern hotel with traditional values of personal service	I have stayed at a number of hotels around this location and based on star rating alone you are spoilt for choice. The Radisson, however, to me sets itself clearly above the rest by ensuring guests feel &quot;at home&quot;. The hotel is clean, and provides luxury for very good value - the bar and restaurant provide a friendly atmosphere whether staying on business or with your family (I have done both). Any minor complaints I have had were quickly given hotel management attention - overall, I would recommend this hotel to anyone. This is a hotel providing traditional high quality service levels in an age when good personal service is often rare - well done !	
May 14 2009 	Taking Customer Service to Another Level	From the moment we arrived for the weekend we were treated both warmly and respectfully - not a combination many hotels manage. The staff in all areas of the hotel did their absolute best to accommodate our every need without ever making it seem anything other than normal to do so. For me, with very specific dietary requirements, this is essential but so often lacking in other places I have visited. The entire weekend was spent relaxing, from the fabulous Spa treatments - where you are cosseted and cared for, to relaxing in the bar, nothing spoilt the calm, tranquil atmosphere so by the end of the weekend I was the most relaxed I'd been in a very long time! An important factor for this is the design and location of the hotel, for the first time I was able to sleep and was not kept awake by other guests or traffic - a real bonus as I never expect a good night's sleep in a hotel. Specific details: the rooms are so clean you would think they are new, they have many home from home features like soft robes, 'My Music' (allowing you to use your iPod in the room) and staff who will help you with anything you need. The hotel is quiet, bright and modern without being austere. Food from the bar and restaurant is modern in nature, of a high standard and as you would expect, beautifully presented and served by staff who can't do enough for you. If you enjoy a good breakfast, I would say their selection will impress you. You can have everything from a 'Full English' to Fruit Salad. It is all laid out for you to choose from and is even categorised into 'Low' and 'High' Calorie so if you are being good you can still eat your fill with plenty of choice. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel for both business and leisure and have already done so.	
May 11 2009 	outstanding hotel service and staff. 5star room for 4star money	Book early and take advantage of discounts for doing so, the staff were refreshingly helpful and attentive to our needs (not just the usual lip service experienced elsewhere).Very pleasantly suprised with the room and ensuite facility but particularly and without asking for one a room with a view up the thames.Really great place to stay.	
May 10 2009 	Fantasic Wedding Party	We stayed in Radisson Edwardian NPW in December for our wedding party. The River Room where the venue was held with its amazing view over the Thames and the O2 Arena was the perfect location for our special occasion. Friendly and very helpful Staff made us and our guests feel really special. Thank you All for the fantastic wedding party!!!	
May 8 2009 	Top quality	My stay here over two nights was a wonderful experience to say the very least. Checking in was easy and friendly with the kind offer of newspapers delivered to the room in the mornings which I accepted with thanks.The room was a wonder; huge bed, classy television and the adjoining bathroom was fantastic with its huge bath and even better shower.I ordered room service on the second night and was very plesed with the speed of service and all aspects of the meal. Just down the road is a very pleasant Italian restaurant which I enjoyed on my first night.Check-out was just as friendly and helpful as when we arrived. We needed a taxi arranging to take us to Canary Wharf station. This was done quickly and with a smile.This modern hotel is a great all-rounder and I'd reccomend it to everyone.	
May 1 2009 	A real treat for us	We used the hotel for a special couple of days in London as I had already visited it in connection with my business. The welcome was superb; the rooms was described by my wife as OMIGOD - in the best possible way of course. We felt very good to be there and we will return. The air-conditioning was hard to control and we kept our windows open much of the time - overlooking the river and the O2 - but otherwise it was great - and superb value for such a high standard. The breakfasts were fine but the service was not top-level. We used Mini Cab UK for getting into the West End and South of the river - in a very comfortable (and reasonably-priced) Ford Galaxy - and they sent the same driver each time, which again made us feel special. Here's to the next time!	
Apr 29 2009 	Chic Birthday Getaway	We stayed in the Radisson Edwardian New Providence on 19th-21st April 2009 for my 24th birthday and an event at the O2, I paid extra for a deluxe room &amp; it was well worth it. The room was spacious &amp; modern, with really trendy furniture &amp; gorgeous bathroom. The Decor was really simple but gorgeous, there was so much space, even with a huge glass dask , modern chaiselong, 2 chairs and a big bed in the room. The bathroom is also very spacious and modern with separate bath and shower.The hotel is about a 15-20min walk to Canary Wharf tube station (not 10 like it says on the hotel website!), it was nice weather so this didn't matter. I would recommend printing off directions to find the hotel if you intend to walk as we got a bit lost when we arrived and first tried to find the hotel. However, once you know where you are going the walk is enjoyable &amp; there are plenty of bars/shops/restaurants in Canary Wharf to walk to. We didn't eat in the hotel restaurant but we had drinks in the hotel bar both nights, prices &amp; choice were very good, &amp; service was great! We had room service breakfast on our last morning as a treat, it seemed expensive but we ordered anyway as a last minute luxury. Tthere was so much food, neither of us made a dent on the amount given and the selection they provided was huge &amp; the breakfast was worth the money. Views from the hotel of the O2 arena are amazing, and this is probably the closest hotel to it. (Although it does take some time to get there- it took us about 15mins in a taxi on the way there for £20 &amp; 30mins via the tube/walking on the way back, as its only one stop away). Although not near much, the area is peaceful and the rest of London is very easily accessible with everything being a maximum of about 30-35minutes away. It took us 30minutes all together to get to St Pancras Station and less than that to reach Oxfrod Street, including the 15minute walk from the hotel to the Canary Wharf tube station.We couldn't fault the hotel; the staff did everything to make our stay enjoyable and were really nice, the room was gorgeous &amp; probably one of the nicest looking/well finished hotel rooms I have stayed in. We went for a relaxing/romantic/fun few days of escape and I would definitely recommend the hotel for a couples getaway! I will definitely stay in this hotel again!Note: We had a really, really enjoyable stay in this hotel which I think was also due to the gorgeous sunny weather, walking to the shops / bars / restaurants / tube in Canary Wharf every day for 15 minutes was enjoyable rather than a chore. However, I'm not sure if the is would have been the case if it had been raining, it would have been expensive and more hassle to get around if the weather wasn't so nice. The hotel was amazing, but I wanted to emphasise the fact that you do have to walk/taxi to get anywhere: I will still stay at this hotel again though!!	
Apr 28 2009 	Great hotel lovely food decent location nice shower and bed - what more do you want as a business traveller?!	As a regular business traveller (and a regular of this hotel), I want a number of things1. A hotel that is easy to get to. Ok, so not in the heart of Canary Wharf but a short walk and a shorter shuttle ride. DLR to City Airport/Bank also walking distance2. A hotel that servies decent room service. Room service food is always very good here - steaks done as asked, food hot, good selection. Don't like the undisclosed tray charge, but its a fairly standard charge in hotels. Its hard to find the right button to press on the phone and sometimes it just rings and rings but all in all is good2. A decent bed with decent temperature. Beds are fine, cleanliness is immpeccible, and recent room temperature issues seem to be getting sorted3. A decent shower - not one of those things that you need to stand in a bath and contort your body under to get the miniscule trickle of scalding water! This one has a proper shower with none of the attributes above.4. Quick check in and check outI would have the following quibbles- TV channels are not great, poor reception, not all are available- Room service can be slow- customer service can sometimes leave a little to be desired (e.g. lack of follow up on queries/complaints)- gym is a little pokey and while never used pool it looks small for a decent swimHowever, no hotel is perfect and on balance I would be more than happy to continue to use this hotel.	
Apr 28 2009 	Excellent hotelstafffood 	This hotel is one of the best I have stayed and I have travelled around the world and have stopped at many hotels.I am in London on business every week and I have tried several hotel until I stayed at the Radisson, and because the hotel has such a wonderful atmosphere and staff I have stopped there ever since.Nothing is too much trouble for the staff, the room are very spacious and I love the flat screens TV in the rooms and even in the bathroom in some room I have stayed in.Even the busy general manager Paul Duggan will find time to come and have a friendly chat.I always recommend this hotel to my colleague and friends.	
Apr 25 2009 	Nice enough hotel but not as convenient as I had hoped for O2	My husband and I chose this hotel for it's proximity to the O2, but actually we needn't have bothered with worrying about this. Blackwall station on the DLR is the nearest station to the hotel, however once you emerge from the station it is a bit of a challenge to actually locate the hotel - a challenge made all the more daunting by the horrible neighbourhood (you are right next to Poplar, which is to be avoided!). After our arrival at the hotel I'd already decided that I didn't fancy coming back to Blackwall from the O2 after dark, so we agreed that we would take a taxi to the O2 (it then transpired that the Jubilee line, which services the O2, wasn't running anyway, so a taxi would have been our only option - other than a boat!!). So in summary ... if I were to be going to the O2 again, I would concentrate on finding a hotel in a nicer area and not worry quite so much about its proximity to the O2.As for the hotel itself ... it was nice enough. The reception staff were helpful and the room was adequate (although very very limited TV channels, and the naked female torso on the wall was a bit odd). The breakfast I would say was only adequate.	
Apr 24 2009 	Not completely convinced...	First impressions were mixed - the reception area is very clean and attractive but the lady at the front desk gave me a rather cool reception. I then went up to my (supposedly &quot;deluxe&quot;) room to find that it overlooked the main road and a car park - lovely! I'd asked for a river view room and, whilst I appreciate that hotels can't always accomodate such requests, I really didn't get the impression that the hotel was full or even busy. The room itself was very nicely furnished and immaculately clean. The lighting arrangements seemed to be a bit complicated - I ended up just mashing the switches until a light came on somewhere. I was not happy with the level of traffic noise throughout the night (however, I should point out that I'm used to sleeping in a very quiet room).The bar area was very nice and a good place to relax, but the member of staff who served me didn't seem to be paying attention to what he was doing. The wine he served tasted as though it had been open a long time and stored in a warm place - not nice at all.When I checked out, I got a flavour of why this hotel has had such good reviews - the member of staff who checked me out and the doorman were so friendly and eager to help that I was left with more positive feelings for this hotel. If I stay in this area again I'll consider this hotel, but I'm not ready to recommend it yet.	
Apr 23 2009 	The hotel resold my PREPAID room 	I prepaid 100% of the room charge &amp; was dismayed to find they had oversold the hotel when I arrived there and did not have a room for me. Understand it took me 2 taxi's and a train to travel specially to this hotel which I needed to be at as it was close to the O2 Arena. I still don't understand how they can resell your room if you have paid for 100% of it. Granted they sent me in a taxi to the May Fair Hotel which is in central London but the whole point of me staying there in the first place was to be close to the O2 Arena. No attempt to contact me was made &amp; I find the whole experience incredibly slack!	
Apr 23 2009 	Great Hotel hard to get to	As you would expect from the Radisson, the hotel facilities and staff were excellent. However, we choose the hotel as we were attending an event at the O2 (directly opposite the hotel across the Thames). Firstly, it is quite difficult to get to the hotel using public transport. Secondly, it is frustratingly difficult to get to the O2 considering it is just across the river. We ended up in a taxi which is a £30 round trip.	
Apr 17 2009 	Lovely Place	One of the Best places I have ever stayed. Most of the rooms have an excellent view. Very helpful and good staff, how are eager to help people. Be sure to find the best rates though, I have stayed there 3 times and the rates have fluctuated majorly.	
Apr 16 2009 	Enjoying the Docklands at the Providence Wharf Hotel	This was our second stay at The Radisson Edwardian New Providence Wharf, and we are very happy with it. Courteous and friendly staff, rooms with lovely design and beautiful river view, and also nice breakfasts. We - a pair ofd Norwegian academics - could not ask for more!	
Apr 15 2009 	Nice but not without severe drawbacks	Stayed here for 3 nights. Hotel is very new and nice. Convenient to the O2 and Canary Wharf, but a bit of a trip to Central London. Breakfast was good. Only problem was the A/C, or the lack thereof. Window only partially opens and I faced the highway, so it was either be hot or listen to the traffic. Hotel could've been good, but the sweltering room outweighed any positives.	
Apr 11 2009 	Quiet hotel but wacky room temperature controls	This is a brand new hotel in the Docklands area of London, close to Canary Wharf, where many companies have their headquarters. It's quiet and I had no problems with noise. The rooms, though, are very odd. If the temperature controls function properly, they do so in a way that mystified me. The control panel said the temperature when I arrived was 24 degrees Celsius (which is very warm) so I set it for 19 C. An hour later the temperature panel said 25 C. No matter what I did, I could not get it below 23 C. The air in the room was very dry and the beds were hard, so I did not sleep well. The shower was excessively complicated and stung me with high-powered jets of water that I could not mute. The hot breakfast downstairs was good.	
Apr 7 2009 	Fantastic Hotel with beautiful view	I had looked through tripadvisor, to find the perfect hotel in London. Didn't necessarily need to be in the center of town, but I focused more on how good the hotel was. It was down to the wire between the Marriott or Radisson Edwardian, and I'm really happy to have chosen the later. The rooms where really nice (very modern interior) and good size as well. The bathroom had both a tub and a shower. The only complaint (actually more of a preference) were the beds, they were really hard. Maybe you can get softer beds, but I didn't ask for it.The service was great and I would like to give a special thx to them for making our stay that much better.Location wise, if you wish to stay near the town center, the radisson is not for you. But if you like your evenings to be calm and relaxing this is. The Radisson Edwardian is in a really quiet area of town, so you won't be disturbed by street noise etc.Rooms were cleaned every day, excellent..The Money we spent on the two night stay was certainly worth the money, and I would love to stay there again when I return to London. If you choose to stay here make sure you have the breakfast, it's great and I promise you, you will not leave hungry. The hotel also had a Spa, Business Center (free of charge internet access computers) and more which is also great if you want to stay &quot;home&quot;.Absolutely worth the money......	
Apr 3 2009 	Relaxing venue with friendly helpful staff.	Very friendly well managed hotel. Exceptionally well presented.Staff could not be friendlier, they were a credit to their organisation.	
Mar 31 2009 	Absolutely fantastic hotel I would definitely recommend to anyone fab location for the o2.	We stayed for our friends' birthdays in March 09 and had a wonderful time. All the staff we met were extremely friendly and welcoming. Both us and our friends had one bedroom suites which were absolutely amazing. The room had a huge suite area, bedroom and bathroom which was was fantastic. It had a large rainshower and a tv you could watch whilst in the bath! I also loved the fact that it had a massive mirror on one wall and a small pull out mirror on the opposite wall soThe rooms were modernly decorated and felt very luxurious. The hotel doesn't have parking onsite but you drive right up to the door and the concierge park your car for you. We went to the o2 for the evening and the location of the hotel was brilliant. You can actually see the dome across the river right outside the hotel. It only cost us £15 for the short taxi ride (about 10 minutes) which the hotel staff had offered to book for us when we checked in as there were no jubilee line tubes running that night. It was a perfect weekend! I can't fault it at all.	
Mar 30 2009 	Fabulous rooms. Great staff.	Stayed whilst attending a civil partnership. Stylish yet relaxed hotel. Wonderful rooms. Great staff. Nothing too much trouble.	
Mar 30 2009 	Smart contemporary and efficient.	A very impressive contemporary hotel. I was staying whilst attending a wedding in London, but would very much recommend this hotel to business travellers. Very accessible for Docklands. The staff were very helpful in giving me advice on an area I did not know well at all. Rooms are contemporary and immaculate, as you would expect from a hotel in this class and price range. London hotels often disappoint - not this one.	
Mar 24 2009 	Customer service poor and small things let it down	Being an Events Manager, running conference and incentive events both in the UK and abroad, I spend a fair amount of time in hotels. It never fails to surprise me that time and time again, the difference in service you get when you are organising and event and bringing a large revenue to the hotel, verses arriving with your partner as a normal customer. I booked this hotel for a birthday treat for my other half along with tickets for the 02. On arrival at the hotel, there was no one at the entrance to greet us and valet park our car that had been pre booked. Once sorting the car issue out, check in was smooth.We had a room on the 5th floor, in order to get the lift to work you have to insert your room key. After trying 2 lift, the 3rd lift finally worked, this continued for our entire stay and had 3 different room keys, and still the same problem.First impression of the room, other than it being so hot (28) was good, we had a nice view of the river and the dome. The bathroom was massive, with a large bath, separate shower, big enough of two. The room was well dressed, clean tidy and modern. However small thing start to let it down as you spend more time in the room1) The window only open a fraction, and the air con doesn’t cool the room, in 24hrs we only managed to drop the temp to (24)2) The bedroom curtains dont cover the whole window, leaving a large gap for light to come streaming in, early morning3) The bathroom blind isnt wide enough, so whilst sitting on the toilet, or in the bath you are over looked by the flats opposite you.. not exactly private and the windows are floor to ceiling4) Room service, very limited after 10.30 at night. a ham sandwich of fish pie isn’t exactly what you want at 12 at night when you get back from the 02, thankfully there is a McDonalds 10 mins walk away.5) The bar is small, service is really slow and no where to sit, and it was cheaper to drink from the mini bar in our room, than drinks in the bar. £12.80 for 2 drinks is over priced for this hotel6) Be warned breakfast is £17.00 per person... another stop at MacDonald’sAs i say these are small things, but they do take away from the experience. For me when I stay at a hotel, I expect a level of service and facilities and not have to spend a night sweating, woken early as the curtains dont close, and to be able to use the bathroom in private.Check out was ok, when asked if we enjoyed our stay, we addressed a few of the issues, but the reception staff, didnt really have reply. After a night of only a few hours sleep I didn’t have the time or patience to take the matter any further, but again another small detail that makes you walk away from the hotel feeling negative. A simple we are sorry and we will address these issues would have been enough.And finally... a word of warning, if you like your car and want it to be taken care of... then don’t trust the valet parking service at this hotel. nor expect them to do anything about if they damage your car!After waiting 10 mins for our car, straight away we noticed that the radio Ariel had been snapped off and was now bent in two hanging off the roof.After much arguing, at the entrance of the hotel, with everyone looking on... the hotel's solution was to fix it with black tape. After more arguing it was clear that they were going to do nothing about it, and after spending an hour trying to resolve the matter it was pointless to waste any further time at the hotel. We drove away, far from amused, and will never be staying here again. Not only have they lost two customers, they have also lost any business for any future events I run, and would also have to carefully consider using a Radisson hotels full stop. When will hotels learn that customer services and little touches make the difference. Its not that difficult to get it right, but clearly here. they couldn’t care less.If you simply want somewhere to sleep, close to the o2 then you will be fine, but if you want a hotel experience, for a special event, where you want to feel special and treated as a guest rather than just a number, then don’t bother.	
Mar 24 2009 	Very friendly excellent hotel!!	We booked a one night stay at the Radisson Edwardian New Providence hotel for my wife's birthday, from start to finish it was a very enjoyable stay. We took advantage of the on site valet parking as it was so much easier just to drive in, I have to say I was surprised how easy it was to get there, much better than lugging suitcases across London on the tube. Once there we were greeted by the reception staff who were very helpful,and after a speedy check-in our luggage was taken to our room. The room was very spacious and new, all the normal amenities that you would expect in a 4 star hotel but all to a very high standard.My wife had booked treatments at the Spa that is in the hotel, she said that it was lovely and the staff were very friendly, as she pampered herself I took advantage of the free gym. It was big and all the equipment appeared new. They have some free weights (good enough for a free weight work out) and numerous weight machines. Plus treadmills, rowers, cross trainers, bikes and steppers. Don't forget your swim wear as they have a sauna and steam room as well. There is a swimming pool over the road from the hotel, but you do have to pay.Canary Wharf is about a 10 minute walk away, so not to taxing and they have maps at Reception to help you find your way.All in all I found the hotel to be at a very high standard and I will definitely be staying there again.	
Mar 20 2009	the service was dreadful no communication and when we had no hot water in the morning there was no apology	we were there for a wedding. the spa was lovley however the service and staff was dreadul as well as no hot water!When we arrived we asked for 2 bath robes for after the spa. when we arrived back 2 hours latter had to remind housekeeping to bring them up. We had room service on the friday night - it took 1 hour we asked for the burger to be well done it wasnt. when we sent it back it was brought back to us with the bun burnt and with an explanation that the burger could not be well done and was dried up and had not even been touched by the cheif - the message we got was &quot;the cheif says that these burgers are so big they cannot be well done&quot;. We then drove to macdonald on the roundabout as we were starving.There were 2 phones in the room one that had the screen surrounded by buttons with &quot;reception&quot; &quot;housekepping&quot; etc broke on the friday night. From the smaller phone by the bed I could only press 0 which took ages to get to reception I asked for someone to come up and have a look at it. this was 8pm. By the time we left on Sunday morning it was still broke.That evening I had meet a client in the bar for a drink. I signed for it to be put on my room. As I was walking out of the bar with my client the waiter came over and loudly said that I had no credit and would need to pay cash. I explained that he needed to check with reception which he did whilst I stood a waited with my client. He came back and said &quot;oh yes sorry that is right&quot; the damaged had been done in front of my client. In the morning I went to the gym and came back to shower. NO HOT WATER. When I tried ringing on the other phone again it took ages to get to reception. I was told politly by a lady on the other end that the line I had rang on put me through to head office in either Gatwick or Heathrow and I had to wait to be put through to my hotel reception!!When I said that there was no hot water i was told the the boiler was not working - no apology and no explanation to why nobody had contacted us.We then had to wait for buckets of water to be brought up! I then pushed and said this wasnt good for 2 girls going to a wedding! after alot of persuading on my part they talked to the health club ACROSS THE ROAD for us to shower - which was my idea. They really didnt seem bothered that we had no hot water. The duty manager said to ask for her when I was checking out and she would sort out something.When Sunday came to check out she was no where to be seen. The receptionist didnt care we had such a rotten stay and I had to reiterate what had happened during our stay. All she could offer was the money taken off from the food.I was also charged full price for parking - which we had a concession becasue of being part of the wedding party, again I had to challange this and reluctantly gave us the discount.I emailed the manger of the hotel with my complaints - he offered me to stay there again free - if they were not fully booked. I then contacted head office with this complaint and said I would not want to stay there again and what could they offer me for compensation? This was last August 08 I didnt here any thing back.I have never written on these sites before and have stayed in many hotels and different venues around the world and let a lot of things ride but if I have felt the need to complain if I have received an apology I am happy. But with no apology and any comensation to this horrible stay with bad communication between staff, dreadfull food and service then I felt compeled to write this!	
Mar 18 2009 	Couldn't ask for more...	Excellent hotel, fantastic helpful staff. No complaints about anything.	
Feb 25 2009 	Very Welcoming Very Comfortable Good menu and gorgeous decor	My check in at the hotel couldn't of gone any faster or smoother. On arrival my car was valet parked at a low cost, immediately leaving me with no worries about having to pay a fortune for local parking nearby, and the doubt of any security if left on a street. There was plenty of staff available during check in, often a problem at most places, but not here and check in was painless.The room (a delux king) was just as described and pictured, often a false impression is given by marketing, but it was exactly what was described and pictured, and at a very good rate for a radisson in London.Travel into the centre was no problem, with a train service only a 3 - 5 minute walk around the corner, and then a 10-15 minute journey into the centre, stopping about 4/5 stops.We also had dinner in the restaurant and the service and food couldn't be faulted.Many thanks to the staff and i'd definately stop again!	
Feb 23 2009 	Fantastic Hotel... Brilliant place for Valentines Day	I booked up this hotel for Valentines Day as my Girlfriend had a really tough year and I wanted to give her a treat that she more than deserved. I chose to stay in a deluxe room which was modern, clean and very spacious. I paid an extra 40 pounds for a river view and was not disappointed!! It was amazing at night to have the curtains open and see the o2 lighting up the river. The bathroom was fantastic and had probably the biggest bath I've ever bathed in. The service at the hotel was phenominal and they were always happy to help. An alarm went off in the room next to ours at 6:00am and we called down to reception who within 3 minutes, came up to turn it off. The buffet breakfast was delicious and I would definately stay there again. Only bad point was that for authorisation the bank held full payment on top of my nights stay so for a couple of days it looked like I had been charged double what I should have, this all depends on what Bank you are with but do bare in mind if you are staying at this hotel to have more than enough money in your account but it all went back in 3 days later.	
Feb 19 2009 	Perfect for an overnight business stay - friendly and comfortable	I found this hotel delightful. The reception staff were friendly, helpful and polite. The decor was pleasantly modern and neutral. The room was superbly comfortable and quiet. The bathroom was fabulous. And the room rate was very reasonable.I'd definately stay here again.	
Feb 18 2009 	Decent rooms Awful service	I travelled to London with my husband and my sister and her husband. We booked 2 rooms at the hotel (504 &amp; 505) because of its location and the reviews on this site. We were watching a show at the 02 (Russell Peters) at the weekend. We are couples in their late 20's, early 30's. Just to put into context, me and my husband travel alot. We often stay at 4-5 star luxury hotels both here and abroad. I haven't to date been moved to write a review so this is a first.First dealing with the plus points, check in was nice and easy. The decor throughout the hotel was modern and contemporary. The bedrooms/bathrooms were a reasonable size for London although the view from both rooms left alot to be desired! checking out was fairly simple although we had to wait abit.Now dealing with the negatives. A modern clean hotel does make not a 4 star. The service throughout our stay was appalling. Firstly, dealing with the night of our arrival, we drove to the hotel and having decided that the best way for us to travel to the 02 was by car, we asked reception, the concierge and security as we were leaving the carpark for directions. No one could provide directions! For a hotel that markets itself as being in close proximity to the 02, it clearly needs to get its act together.However, my main gripe was the breakfast! This was served from 7.30-10.30am. We came down at 10.00. We waited for someone to show us to our seating area. The lady at the front continued to talk into her mouthpiece for what seemed like ages whilst we waited. She eventually showed us to a table overlooking the river and told us someone will be coming to take our tea/coffee order. The table she showed us to had not been cleared away. There was a used coffee? cup on the table where my brother in law was sat. We could see at least 3 members of staff milling about .We waited for approx 10 mins for someone to come over and take our drinks order before eventually giving up and walking to the hot buffet. Their were no hot plates! there was a good variety however, my sister wanted a fried egg and had to wait because no one had bother to re fill the tray. We sat down to breakfast and seeing their was no margarine/butter in the buffet area or on our table, we asked a staff member. She disappeared and failed to come back to us at all. We then proceeded to ask at least two other staff members to no avail. My husband eventually got up and spoke to the lady at the front who picked two small margarine plates of another table and handed them to him. our coffee was served after we had finished breakfast.We then went back to our room to have a shower having requested late checkout (which was extended to 1pm). The water was at best lukewarm. We rang reception who sent someone up to check. He having checked agreed and told us that the problem was the hot water was sourced from outside and he would go and speak to them and then revert back to us. We waited for 20 mins and then called reception who told us the boiler needed 20 mins to heat up and and we should then try again. 2mins later our room buzzer went and the male returned to tell us that the problem will take 20 mins to resolve and we should then try again! By this point we'd had enough and just wanted to leave. We did intend to book some treatments at the spa but following our experience with the shower we decided to give it a miss! Lets say I will not be staying at the Raddison anytime soon.	
Feb 11 2009 	'Strictly' lovely	I recently stayed at the Radisson for one night with my sister as we had tickets to 'Strictly Come Dancing Live' at the O2. We were greeted by very friendly and helpful reception staff. Check in was quick and easy. Our twin bedded room was very comfortable and nicely decorated as was the bathroom. Both rooms were exceptionally clean. We didn't have an evening meal in the restaurant so can't comment but the buffet breakfast in the morning was very good - everything you could want was there. The bar in the evening had a nice atmosphere although, to be expected, bar prices were on par with the rest of the London hotels! I would definitely stay again if I had a concert/show to see at the O2.	
Feb 8 2009 	Good hotel for an overnight at Canary Wharf or the O2	Want a good, newly built hotel, close to Canary Wharf and the O2 arena? And at a good price too? Then try this.Only two years old and very modern in styling the NPW Radisson is a hidden gem. If you are a first time visitor you'll be escorted to your room, shown all it's features and then 15 mins later reception give you a call to make sure all is well.Stayed on business for one night and will probably stay again next month. Didnt use all the facilities but the room was very comfortable, the bar area very comtemporary and the restuarant menu looked good.If you are in Canary Wharf on business then arguably it is walkable if the weather is nice else it is a short cab ride or on departure take the free shuttle bus back into the wharf.	
Feb 4 2009 	Great value quality London hotel	Very new hotel, down by the Thames, over the river from the O2 Arena.Spacious rooms.Great bathrooms.Very helpful staff.Slightly overpriced breakfasts.Good value overall for London.Very handy for Canary Wharf offices, with a free shuttle to and from the hotel.	
Feb 3 2009	Very bad billing system	The stay itself was fine. Nothing disasterous (had some problem with the TV which took three calls to the reception to get someone to fix it, but I thought it was tolerable) and nothing outstanding.But a month later an unexpected credit card charge and the unhelpful attitude over the phone from their staff left a very bad taste in my mouth. It was not a fraudulent charge, but when I checked out of the room and paid for the final invoice I had expected all charges related to the room to be included. Hence my surprise when an additional charge (for room service) appeared later in my credit card statement.The Radisson staff I spoke to on the phone was very impolite. According to him, there are different 'windows' and the room service charge had been in a different window to the other charges.I tried to point out that as a customer, I don't understand and don't care about those 'windows'. I had not requested the room service charge to be in a 'different window'. When I checked out, no one at front desk told me about this 'other window'. Anyway, I just wanted to suggest that they review their procedures. He was adamant there was nothing wrong on their part, and I should have checked.So, a word of warning for those who plan to stay there... beware of the 'windows' and the unhelpful incompetent staff.	
Jan 31 2009 	Nice Hidden Gem	We were originally slated to stay at a nice boutique hotel in Chiswick, but the Radisson had FANTASTIC winter rates on their webiste - far lower than what you'd expect - so we decided to switch hotels and take a chance. This hotel did not disappoint - in fact, it exceeded my pretty high expectations that had already been set forth by other TripAdvisor reviewers!If you're looking to stay in an area of London with some of the best dockside scenery, Canary Wharf is where you want to go. This hotel sits right on the Thames and has some stunning views - especially of the O2 Arena at night. Despite being a little out of the way, this hotel is extremely quiet and peaceful - something perfect for a nice vacation getaway.The DLR stop closest to the hotel is Blackwall. It's about a 3.5-5 minute walk - nice and convenient, especially if the Tube is your primary transport in and around London. While Canary Wharf is about 20 minutes outside of central London (on the Tube), if you're in the area for a leisurely trip, I see no problem with staying at this hotel. My only complaint with the hotel's location is that it's situated on a cul-de-sac facing the Thames (which accounts for the stellar views!) - it can be a bit tricky to find just how to get to the front door at first, especially with all the construction going on around the property (note - the construction did not present any sort of noise issues with us at all from inside the property).The rooms were a nice size. Very modern, well kept, and clean. The beds were a little too hard for my liking, but if you call the front desk for an extra blanket to sleep on, then the bed, at least for me, is soft enough to get a good night's sleep. The bathroom has all modern fixtures and features a heated mirror, heated towel rack, an outlet for 120V appliances, separate bath and rain-style shower. I've never raved so much about a hotel bathroom before. Our view, like other reviewers have stated, was of an office building next door (we didn't care, we came to London to walk around the city and not stare out a window) - I have a feeling if you stay in one of their Deluxe rooms, you'll have a nice view of the Thames.There was also free WiFi access in the rooms - which ended up being a nice surprise.The staff were very friendly and helpful. We ordered quite a bit of room service, which was very reasonably priced. Room service was not only super quick, but VERY good and worth the money. As another reviewer suggested, try the Hotel Ibis next door for breakfast - at only 6 pounds, it's cheaper, and offers more than the Radisson's breakfast (alternatively there's also a McDonald's across the street as well). However, on the weekends, the Radisson does offer a stellar breakfast buffet that is not only less expensive, but offers double the selection - highly recommended. Dinner at the Radisson can be a little pricey, but I assure you the food is amazing. As there's really only one other restaurant near the hotel (a nice italian bistro that we didn't try), I'd recommend the hotel restaurant (or room service!) if you find yourself tired and hungry. There's also a small market about a block up from the hotel near the East India Quay DLR station where you can pick up light meals and snacks.The bar was nice as well. The bar tender was very sweet and made the best amaretto sour I've ever had. I'm not sure if he wasn't 100% sure what went in it, or if amaretto sours are just a tad different in London - had some different ingredients, but it tasted great! Little pricey, but considering the hotel, it's about what you'd expect.Didn't use any of the spa services (though the spa looks very nice, and the receptionist was a very friendly lady), but the gym is top notch. All brand new, heavy duty equipment - served as a perfect replacement for the gym back home. Features 2 rowing machines, 2 stair climbers, 2 treadmills, 2 ellipticals, weights, balance balls, mats and a nice view over-looking the area.Overall I would most likely stay here again, especially if I can nab such a stellar price. Beautiful property, gorgeous location, well-kept rooms, and a friendly staff are hard to beat!	
Jan 29 2009 	Absolutely Wonderful!	Had a wonderful stay here recently and completely fell in love with the atmosphere and location. I usually stay at the Four Seasons, and was worried I would be dissapointed in the room size and bathroom at the Radisson Edwardian, but it couldn't have been better. This hotel is well located (despite my concerns) and offers a much more residential, cozy and warmer atmosphere - I was genuinely made to feel special and not just like 'another guest'. My room was exquisite and beautifully furnished, but not at all over-the-top - everything was immaculately clean. Sublimely comfortable chairs, with a lamp and side table right where you need it make this the kind of hotel room you want to curl up and really live in. The staff definitely work to achieve this friendly atmosphere - I was impressed by the ownerships that staff gave to any issues raised. Two pointers:1) Book via the hotel's own website. I shopped around for days only to find that I ended up back on their own site for the best rates! 2) Try the hotel's restaurant - we ended up dining their almost by accident due to a last minute change of plans and the food and service was genuinely second-to-none. A very nice touch was the phone call from the club concierge the night before my departure, asking if I needed him to arrange an airport transfer or to print boarding passes. Again, its all in the details. Overall, a wonderful experience. I will definitely be back.	
Jan 28 2009 	fantastic at the Radisson new providence wharf	We recentley stayed at the Radisson New Providence Wharf hotel everything about this hotel l found to be exellent from the very helpfull friendly staff to the above standard rooms the breakfast was exellent.The position of the hotel itself is great lets hope they can get a ferry service going to get you into the centre of london cannot say enough good things about this hotel.	
Jan 27 2009 	really loved this hotel	We stayed for a weekend while visiting friends and amil in London. Hotel is easy to find and we used valet parking so it was very easy if not cheap) to park . We went for the smallest room a superior king and were very pleasantly surprised. We had a view of the Thames and the room was very spacious for a London hotel, in particular the bathroom which had a seperate bath and shower . the room was very clean and had everything we needed for the weekend .The hotel was pretty quiet and the staff were therefore very attentive and friendly. Not sure how far it s from the stations but was great location for driving at the weekend	
Jan 5 2009	Wouldn't Stay - couldn't even get a drink !	I have not stayed at this hotel, but wouldn't if the terrible service and awful food in the Azura Bar and Restaurant is anything to go by.This is not one to be recommended. It's a Four Star Hotel with a Zero Star Service Ethic.	
Dec 25 2008 	Functional but not a lot else	I have rated this hotel as &quot;above average&quot; because I think it is, but at the same time it does have some downsides to it.The room was very comfortable - a little compact perhaps and hanging your clothes in the toilet was rather odd, but one of the most comfy hotel rooms I have ever stayed in.The service was not really that good. The staff are young and local, and although they were always willing, they were not exactly what I would describe as &quot;accomplished&quot;.Room service was &quot;interesting&quot;. Red Wine was served in an ice bucket, twice. I was not very impressed by their interpretation of the Club Sandwich (served on Focaccia).Overall though, the niggles I had were minor and nothing really to complain about.I picked this hotel because I wanted to stay in the area and I didn't want to pay the prices charged by the hotels on the Canary Wharf estate itself. I would say that I did get value for money in that regard.	
Dec 21 2008 	Good stay if the price works for you	We stayed here 20th December as we were seeing the Stereophonics at the O2. We were impressed on the whole and will be returning.We parked behind the hotel (the road running up from majestic wines) as it was the weekend so no parking retractions, which saved the £25 valet park, which is over the top as there is a lot of open space around the hotel.Nice room and bathroom. We like a firm bed, others may find it too firm. Didn't hear a thing once our door was shut, nice and quiet from the outside as well as only residential areas adjacent to the hotel.We had the wasteland, main road and MacDonald's view others have commented on. Someone else has mentioned and I agree that the hotel is positioned the wrong way round, I would suspect you've got 80% of the rooms facing walls in other buildings or wasteland, and the other 20% overlooking the water and the O2, which seems like a missed opportunity to me.Getting to the O2 was easy, DLR from Blackwall to Canning Town then the tube to North Greenwich. I've seen comments of DLR being up to 15 minutes walk from the hotel, don't believe a word of it, it takes around half of than time. Best routes I could see are taking the underpass opposite the Ibis or cross the slip road behind majestic, follow the wall to the left and then head right to the DLR station. There did seem to be some work being carried out at the station, so there may be a more direct route in the future.The only food or service that we had at the hotel was breakfast, which was included in the room rate. This was in a room overlooking the O2, which was nice, service was not good, we were giving the impression that they had never been asked for something as ridiculous as a breakfast for a 'vegetarian' before, despite us being the only ones in the dining room (we left about 40 minutes after breakfast started to be served and no other guests had come in for breakfast, but we do tend to be early risers) it took the kitchen 25 minutes to put something together (maybe sometimes they do a buffet, not on this particular day though).Overall I would stay again, we have two events at O2 next year, but I would have to weigh up the parking cost in the final decision as these are both mid week events.	
Dec 10 2008 	Check room if you want view	Great modern hotel but a little clinical. Staff were excellent, friendly and very helpful. Advertised as having &quot;stunning rverside views&quot; but our room looked out over waste land and a major road, and into the living rooms of flats in the adjacent building. Car parking available but at a charge of £25 per day.	
Nov 17 2008 	Pricey but very well presented	Stayed for one night Bed only (didn't take the £33.00 breakfast as its £6.50 a head just down the road at the IBIS) room was a techies dream. Bed was HARD but all facilities are new and the staff were very helpful and accomodating. The Free newspaper was not available as their delivery never materialised on the Saturday morning. We hadn't factored in the VAT addition to our website quoted booking price but that was our oversight not theirsStayed there to do a concert at O2 which is the other side of the river. D'oh. Taxi was OK albeit pricey to get there and back.	
Oct 17 2008 	Great modern hotel  good location for O2 stadium	Stayed here overnight when we went to see the Spice Girls at the O2.The hotel has a great location, just outside of the reception area, you can look across the river over to the O2.It is a very modern hotel in a fairly quiet location in docklands, nice clean rooms, good breakfast, there is also a spa but we did not have time to use it. All the fixtures and fittings are modern and contemporary in design.Please note the hotel is not withing walking distance of the 02 but it is only a 5 minute walk to the local docklands light railway and then it is just a couple of stops to the O2nice play to stay	
Oct 11 2008 	great stay	lovely room, very clean and modern. Bathroom fantastic. staff friendly and food good!	
Oct 6 2008 	Good hotel but some MAJOR front of house issues	We stayed in this hotel when we went to see a show at the O2. The best thing about this hotel, as we discovered when we arrived, is it's proximity to the venue. However, we did encounter some huge problems with the hotel.On the day that we were due to arrive, I rang ahead to confirm what DLR station was nearest to the hotel, which the staff told me. We arrived at said station, could see no sight of the hotel so rang the hotel back and they informed us that we were in fact at the wrong station. I asked how long it would take to get to the hotel, and was told it was a 15 minute drive away (we were already on a tight schedule to get to the venue on time). I asked the hotel to ring us a taxi, and was told (in a city centre hotel!) that this was not a service they offered and I could ring a taxi myself if I liked. I insisted that they ring one for me, and was told it would be 10 minutes (it ended up with a 25 minute wait for the taxi, making us very late).Everything as fine with the hotel, we had a lovely room in the hotel and found breakfast the next morning very much to our satisfaction! But we then encountered more problems when we checked out. I went to pay using my credit card, knowing there was more than enough available to cover the cost of the night's stay. I was told that my card had declined. I asked them to try again, but when it didn't work, I offered a debit card to pay instead, as we had to get to the station to catch a train. When at the station I rang the bank to find out what the problem had been. they informed me that when we had checked in, the receptionist that had dealt with us had taken £100 from my credit card as a guarantee, without telling me that this would happen, or checking that this was ok. I have stayed in many hotels all over the country and indeed internationally, and have never encountered anything like this before. When I arrived home, I checked my bank account online to find a deficit of £460. I rang the bank again, and was told that all of the money missing had in fact been taking by the Radisson hotel. I rang the hotel several times to first be told that I had made a mistake, then be told that there was nothing that they could do, and then finally be told that it was in fact their mistake and my card had been used to authorise payment for a further 3 nights stay, something entirely unnecessary given that I was only staying for 1 night! Having spoken to about 8 different people (all claiming to be managers, none of whom could help!), and the general manager of the hotel, I am still trying to get a refund on monday morning for money incorrectly debited from my account on saturday, a very long time when there is no rhyme or reason for why the money was taken in the first place!This seems like a very good hotel on the surface, but there is many problems with their front-of-house, reception and accounts staff and we will not be staying there again.	
Sep 29 2008 	Losing it's touch already	Stayed here April this year, rated it very highly, and had no hesitation in booking it again, but their standards are slipping, In my room (422) the curtain was hanging off the rail, several light bulbs were not working and there were strange stains on the faux leather headboard. You get no bathrobes (doesn't seem to be a feature), the tea and coffee selction is abysmal - regular or camomile tea and instant coffee, that's it , it was difficult to phone a colleague in another room (no instructions for the phone) and a message light winking which took some time to cancel out (it was a message asking for my input.) At the reception desk I heard a guest complaining that their remote control didn't work, another had left his credit card at the desk, and they had mislaid it. Come on guys, surely you can do better than this. it's a fairly new hotel, get your houskeeping and maintenance teams back around the hotel and fix these problems before they become major ones and I go somewhere else next time I stay in the Docklands area	
Sep 20 2008 	Modern business hotel near Canary Wharf	This hotel is a modern business hotel within ten minutes walk of Canary Wharf. It is found on the north bank of the Thames, opposite the O2 arena. Unless you are staying on business or wishing to attend a concert, I struggle to see why you would stay here. Having said this, the hotel is modern (Bang &amp; Olufsen televisions in the room), clean and well proportioned. The restaurant is reasonable value however the hotel clearly markets itself to visitors to Canary Wharf with prices to match. An enjoyable stay, but unlikely to be repeated unless I intend to travel to Canary Wharf.	
Sep 8 2008 	Disappointing experience in the Radisson	The hotel is brand new and first impression was great. Nice room, quiet and bit small. Bathroom very nice and very trendy. I went out to do some sports and so left things of value in the room and turned on the NOT DISTURB sign, so expected nobody would enter. Foolish I was to think that house keeping would respect the NOT DISTURB sign. They went in the room anyway to make the bed and turned off the NOT DISTRUB sign. A couple of hours later when I came back the room was cleaned, luckily my things of value were still in the room, but very annoying.I changed and went out for the night and put on the hen I came back late at the heating was changed from a nice and cool 20 degrees to a 26 degrees SAUNA which made it impossible to fall a sleep for an other hour or so. (the time needed to cool of the room). When I complained the receptionist said &quot;we will inform house keeping&quot;, which I very much doubt they did. The morning after this experience I had a flight from city airport at 7am, which is actually great since by taxi it's only 10 minutes. Never the less I requested a wake-up call at 5:15 and a taxi at 5:45. Luckily I set my own alarm, because I am still awaiting the wake up call from the hotel. When I complained the receptionist said &quot;well it's marked in the book&quot;. The radisson sais on there television system if there is any service you do not like you get your money back and now you think they make a gesture??? No way. Not that I was looking for refund, but the personel didn't even appologies, they just say we will inform house keeping or well your wake-up call was supposed to be done, since we marked in the book. When you read this you might think I am picky, which I'm not. Luckily the cleaning lady in the hotel didn't fancy some extra cash or a nice expensive watch and luckily I set my own alarm and did not miss my 7 am flight. There are just little things that you can and that you can't do. For a 150 pounds per night you might expect a little different service of the personell.	
Sep 3 2008 	Something else than Bayswater/Earls Court...	This stay was booked at a price of about NOK 860 (approx. $160) a night for a superior room, including taxes and full english breakfast. Taken the breakfast into consideration, for this price we could get a 2/3 star hotel in Bayswater or Earls Court. These hotels I've experienced and can not say the hotels are compareable at all. This is a hotel with sound proof walls, spacious bathroom, both shower and tub, flat screen tv and free wi-fi internet.Compared to Bayswater/Earls Court I would guess you'll have to spend about 10 more minutes to get into central London (Leicester Square/Covent Garden). But probably you'll need a tube travel card anyway and Canary Wharf can offer the most of shopping, eating and drinking.Do notice that I don't think twin rooms are available. But the double bed was king size.	
Aug 27 2008 	Cool atmosphere all over	Great hotel, located in the docklands close to Canary Wharf.If you want to be close to the city centre this is not for you, but if you like to do the city in smaller portions and focus more on relaxing and shopping this is a very very nice place to stay.Shopping was excellent @ Canary Wharf Jubilee line station, and @ Canary wharf itself. Within walking distance.There was a spa where use of wet area and relaxation room was complimentary. Also i recommen Il Bianci - a nice italian restaurant 100 meters from the Hotel.The hotel bar had a nice atmosphere to it and outside speakers gave a loungy feel to the place. The standards of the hotel were generally 1st class and the staff very helpfull indeed.	
Aug 15 2008 	Comfortable	Very happy with the standard of this hotel. Quite new so it should be. FREE internet in business lounge unlike others of this chain. If you are visiting London to see the sights then I would not suggest this hotel.Location, a little hard to find. Long walk from canary wharf tube. Their is dtr rail very close though. A distance from the usual tourist sights.Outlook over the river to the entertainment centre. This looks like a circus tent with chopsticks sticking through it. Night has a lazer crossing the sky. I was lucky to witness a lightening displayed by nature and it was free. Staff fine, only they were not educated in the area the hotel sits. Asked about local pubs as did not want to go to the snooty expensive ones by the wharfs and got lost looks. Went for a walk -a -bout and found three. Locals singing and having a good time with life at 6pm. Rare for me, I had dinner in the hotel. GOOD it was. Breakfast buff sufficient. Room has the lot and is very confortable.	
Aug 12 2008 	Smart and Contemporary	My Husband and I, stayed at this hotel for one night, as part of a concert package (with Superbreak) We went to a concert at the O2 arena, which is directly opposite the hotel across the Thames. We would recommend this hotel (as well as the O2). The staff at the hotel were friendly and helpful. The room was lovely, very modern and comfortable. The bathroom was equally as lovely, with a smart walk in shower. There are tea/coffee making facilities in the room. The buffet breakfast was very nice, good choice, well presented. We were told that there may be a boat across to the O2 in the future, this would be very useful. The only inconvenience regarding our break (which is nothing to do with the hotel) was having to pay £15 each way, to get to/from the O2 by taxi. I have made a suggestion to the hotel, that a hotel shuttle service, at a lesser charge would be wonderful. I hope they consider it, as it would attract more O2 customers to stay at their impressive hotel. The hotel is near to Canary Wharf station, and the DLR is opposite the hotel. We would stay there again, and recommend that others do too!	
Aug 12 2008 	great hotel great postion for canary wharf o2	superb hotel, great position 5 minutes walk from dlr ( blackwalls) under the underpass, lovely rooms great service, what more can i say!!	
Aug 7 2008 	A good experience	Used this hotel as a stopover after visiting the Motor show and evening concert at the Excel Centre. A very clean modern place .Lovely room with all mod cons.Good check in and nice seating area outside overlooking river. Breakfast was included but expensive for self service if you are paying separately. We did not eat dinner at the hotel ,but found a recommended Italian just round the corner-Il Bianco -which had great food and lovely staff.The efficient air conditioning was welcome on a very hot night.Did not have a chance to use leisure facilities .My only criticism was the walk from the DLR was longer than expected and not particulaly nice ,being near thr Blackwall Tunnel-also no directions to entrance-you have to walk round the block past the Ibis. At night it felt a bit unsafe.	
Jul 23 2008 	Good business hotel	Rooms were a fair size, were clean with modern decor. Nice to have a B&amp;O TV with a decent internet service. Near enough to Canary Wharf (5 minutes by cab) and decent restaurants (recommend Gaucho for fantastic steak - the best I've had outside of Buenos Aires).	
Jul 10 2008	Completely Inadequate	I was stranded in London around the time of the Rugby World Cup Final when I couldn't get a ticket on Eurostar. I had heard about this hotel and generally liking Radisson SAS hotel in Europe I thought I would give it a try. It was one of the most unplesant evenings I have ever had in a hotel. Location: It is located in a hideous area in the Wharfs surrounded by security and while the development is new inside step out of the secure area and you are confronted with some pretty ugly scenes. There was noting around except a dingy McDonalds. Strolls were out of the question. But that was ok...so I thought. The staff seemed completely overwhelemed with me as a walk-in and kept my driver and I waiting more than 25 minutes while they tried to figure out if a room was available. This in a hotel that was nowhere near full. The room was dark, dingy, and difficult to operate and I stay in a lot of hotels. The halls were noisy filled with party-goers attending some function, which I could not determine. The food was overpriced and terrible (although the waiter was nice) When I checked-out in the mornig they arranged a car for me to the train station with an incompetent and dangerous driver who got lost on the way. I expect so much more from Radisson in Europe. I will not be returning.	
Jul 7 2008 	Good stay - but a walk from stations	Excellent new hotel - good size rooms with modern decor and electronics, fast internet service, nice service, very nice + relaxing spa-area!But a 20min. walk from underground or 10min. from DLR! Construction going on nearby and busy traffic during the day... Check-in very friendly but took 40min. to &quot;find&quot; our online-booking! Would recommend if you can work with 30min. commute to the city! Very convenient for City Airport!Heavy priced breakfast! Excellent small Italian restaurant around the corner!!	
Jul 3 2008 	Fantastic!	My sisters and I stayed at the hotel as we went to see Neil Diamond at the o2 arena.It was a fantstic experience for us and the hotel is fab.The rooms are very clean, modern and they think of everything that you could want.We had ice for our champagne and a docking station for my ipod so we could get ready in style.The bathrooms are great and although other people have said about the dispensors on the wall......well that didn't really bother us.Breakfast was great and there was lots of choice. We had breakfast included in our rate but on sunday they were doing a special for only £10.....not bad at all.The only thing that I think they could do is have some proper coffee in the rooms as it is a 4* business hotel.Loved it, and will definitely go back when I go to the o2.	
Jun 29 2008 	Pure incompetence	Had arranged for some relatives to stay at the Radisson Edwardian for two nights around our wedding day. They had flown over from different countries and we wanted to give them the best impression. Also, we live next door to the hotel. BEWARE: at reception English is an optional and smiles are not part of the package. The fun starts now: we instructed them to charge my credit card - someone made copies of it, and I signed a mandate for a 3rd party payment. Only now we discovered that they charged our guests! We are packing to go on honeymoon tomorrow and they cannot rectify it because their accounting department is closed (yeah it's 10:30pm) and will have to return there tomorrow morning. They gave me an appointment at 8 tomorrow morning. I wonder if there will be a queue then. I have the strange feeling that I am doing someone else's job ... isn't it just pure incompetence?	
May 20 2008	Amazing Hotel And Stuff	It was an amazing hotel with amazing people working in it. We went there they welcomed us like they knew us from long time the room (suite) were very very well decorated the view perfect.Everything was perfect . Everyone must go to this hotel.	
Apr 22 2008 	Nice hotel but some issues	Nice hotel, but some teething issues and some problems with staff. The location for me was perfect, because it's right where I used to live when I lived in London, and also it was walking distance from where I needed to be every day on that trip. Nice area, right by the river, but I guess it's inconvenient if you need to go to West End, for example.Room was nice, clean and comfortable - modern design, all amenities in place. No closet for your clothes, though - only an open area with hangers in the bathroom. I didn't appreciate the bottles of shampoo / shower gel and conditioner to be fixed on the wall - after all, this is supposed to be a 4* deluxe property. Soap + other toiletries would be nice. Main light in my shower didn't work - I asked reception to have that fixed, but no action was taken.Room service was quite good (I had dinner once), although it took me 5-10 minutes to reach them in room service - no one was picking up, and in-room breakfast was really nice - again, however, small things let it down - they would forget some small things I ordered, but there'd be something I didn't order on the tray. Staff generally was formally polite, but somewhat aloof and ... weird in their dealings with me. It seemed like either lack of experience or, on the other hand, arrogance of some sort.Also, strange thing happened - I ordered a mini-cab once, and when he came, the driver asked the reception to contact me in my room, but they told him that nobody was picking up. All this time I was in my room waiting by the phone, and of course it never rang - what was it, I will never know.So, overall good hotel, that is let down by some minor things. Human factor, mostly.	
Apr 8 2008 	Superb hotel but miles from anywhere	This hotel is a fantastic one - comfort and service levels superb. Room very spacious, nicely decorated, with iPod dock and sound system, nice flat-screen TV mounted on the wall (in theory I should have been able to plug my laptop in so I could view it on the big screen but it didn't work) and an interesting bathroom.Breakfast was of a good standard with plenty of variety, although no cold milk (one of my pet hates about hotels) for the cereal.The hotel is quite a walk from public transport, if you are not a fan of paying through the nose for London taxis. The nearest station is a good 10 minute walk away, and the station itself is a fair old trek on the Docklands Light Railway and London Underground from the main sights of the city.	
Apr 3 2008 	Lovely Hotel good for the O2	Stayed at this hotel for 2 nights to attend Eagles Concert at the O2. Beautiful Hotel, very clean, new and modern, good facilities in the room, including B&amp;O LCD TV, Alarm Clock with iPod Connection,Tea/Coffee making facilities, full bathroom with separate shower and toiletry dispensers.Loved the electronic Do not Disturb and Please Service the Room, switched on from just inside the door, so no looking for tag's to place on the door.Try and get a rate where breakfast is included, as if not it's an additional £16.50To get to the O2 the nearest DLR station is East India Dock, which is an easy 5-7 minute walk. One stop on DLR to Canning Town then 1 stop to Greenwich on Jubilee LIne for O2. However check before you travel for disruptions to this service, as whilst we were there the DLR was closed for engineering works so had to taxi to the O2 which was £15 each way.IF you park your car at the hotel its £25 for 24 hours, cars are valet parked and placed in the underground car park. However if you don't mind leaving your vehicle on the road and are staying over a weekend there is road parking behind the hotel on the road towards the DLR. Park in the white marked bays for free over the weekends. Be aware however, ensure you park in the correct place as if you park in the vicinity of the hotel itself you will be clamped.Just a couple of minor issues we had with the hotel.Although the beds were very large, the matresses are extremely hard, fine if you like them but uncomfortable if not.Also the hotel did not take notice of our special request of a high floor room with river view, which we requested when we booked. We also checked in on-line the day before arrival and re-itterated our request to the hotel, but when we arrived we were given the 2nd floor at the back of the hotel overlooking the main road. We noticed others checking in at the same time as us who had not made any special requests being allocated the 6th floor. So were disappointed with this. We did try to change rooms but were told nothing else was available.Other than that a lovely hotel if you can get a good deal, and want to be in the vicinity of the O2 / docklands area.	
Mar 31 2008 	Very Nice Hotel	Got a good deal via lastminute and stayed here for three nights while attending a seminar at Excel for two days. Lot of cabbies and others have not heard of it and makes sense when you say next to the Ibis. Checkin was good at 8PM when I arrived, room impressive and close to the impressive CW. Room service was good while the restaurant dinner was alright. Breakfast was excellent though a few rotating dishes would be welcome. When I have work in this area I shall return here providing the rate is good. Free internet worked perfectly. Bathroom was lovely though I wish they would provide bar soap even without the wrapper if they are so worried of the environment. Impossible to get a cab but the have a tie up with a company whose drivers really work hard and drive without seat belts to my shock as the must do at home. The staff though not the check in ones could all be refined a bit. Overall an 8 on 10.	
Mar 26 2008 	Very Nice- Once You Get INSIDE!!!	My partner and I stayed here overnight as we were having a night out in London. We got off at Blackwall as we believed it to be the nearest station to the hotel (On a map anyway!) yet it was nearly impossible to get across to the hotel.. when we did make it across we had to ask how to get into it as there are many roads and pathways around the complex..The staff were friendly and the room was very nice. Though they advertised a cd player in each room this was not the case as we only had an Ipod/ MP3 player- which neither of us had!Despite being quite far out from central London we had a wonderful stay and the breakfast was brilliant.I would love to return!	
Mar 24 2008	Great for the 02	Booked two nights here recently as we were booked to see the Eagles at the 02. Was a little shocked on arrival at East India DLR station by the surrounding area. As we walked towards the hotel (through an area I would describe as a &quot;bit of wasteland&quot; we were a little intimidated by a car full of teenage hoodies!! The entrance to the hotel could have been nearer to the DLR. A little more than a five minute walk I think.Staff at the hotel were fantastic. we were on the third floor in a deluxe room although the view could have been better (the back of the hotel looks out onto a busy road and gas works). I am sure as it was not too busy we could have been given a front view of the Thames and the 02.We had breakfast in our room (my husband has cancer and has problems with his eating). This came on a trolley and was absolutely fantastic (everything I asked for was catered for). The staff on reception were more than helpful.The room was large, modern and clean. All the facilities were fantastic, TV, air conditioning etc. Bath, shower room were more than adequate although two robes would have been better than the one!!!Just be careful if you bring your own supplies to keep cool in the mini bar fridge (milk etc) as I found out when settling the bill, this is sensored and I was charged for Jack Daniels and other drinks just because I moved them to make room for my things. This little error took about 10 minutes to rectify when checking out!!!Best thing when standing outside on the morning before we left having a quick smoke I met the Eagles crew!! They were all staying at the same hotel!!!!Would stay again if I was going to the 02 for another concert otherwise it would be central London as the location is not the best!!	
Mar 24 2008	Staff who went out of their way to be helpful	Stayed 1 night when visiting the Tutankhamen exhibition at the 02. We'd booked 3 rooms as it was a family outing. The staff at reception were friendly, very welcoming and went out of their way to be helpful and find us 3 rooms close together that we could have immediate access to, even though it was early in the day. We were even given 2 free upgrades. All the rooms were excellent, with the one my husband and I stayed in being the best we have stayed in anywhere in London, possibly even in the UK. Spacious, spotless, amazing view over the river and the 02 stadium. Huge bathroom. One of the highlights of my day was relaxing in the stand-alone bath, in the dark, looking through the huge windows out on to the river!Breakfast good, hot (a rarity), in a lovely restaurant.The downside is: finding it, and the distance from the tube, especially with bags, and especially on a freezing cold day! This makes it unlikely we'd use the hotel again unless visiting the 02, it's just too far out.	
Mar 20 2008 	Fantastic hotel great views and VERY nice staff!	Stayed in this hotel, just for one night after reading great reviews on Trip Advisor. The hotel is hard to find but once you are there it is worth it. I would say that the DLR East India Docks station is the nearest although it looks like its in the middle of a building site. You can see the hotel within walking distance (tall skyscraper with 'ski slope' roof - lit up at night).The hotel is very big and modern and the rooms are immaculate with beautiful art (especially room 207!). It was so quiet and peaceful. Breakfast was waiter / buffet service and in a room overlooking the O2 dome - amazing. The staff in the breakfast room and on reception were very helpful and as beautiful as the art surounding them!No complaints whatsoever!	
Mar 14 2008	New and Contemporary - short hop to Canary Wharf	I stayed in room 218 for 5 nights for work in early March 2008. The room was a handicapped room, even though I did not require one. Only real difference is in the bathroom.The room itself is modern and contemporary - flat screen on the wall, iPod docking station - you can wake up to your favorite tune on your iPod. It was bright due to the large windows but there are room darkening drapes.This area just outside of Canary Wharf and is just being built up. The hotel is very new. I like it better than the Marriott at Canary Wharf and it is about 80 gbp cheaper per night as well plus the Internet is free.Bed - comfortable and firm without being back breaking.Bathroom - large - due to being handicapped bathroom. Shower only. Heated towel rack. No robes.Internet: Free wireless throughout the hotel. Good connection - able to VPN to work no problem.Security: need to put in room card in the elevator to access the guest room floors. Peepholes at both eye and wheelchair level. Chain for door. In room safe where you program your own 5 digit code.Minibar - automatic minibar - you touch it you pay for it.Closet space - good with shelves and the closet was deep enough to store my luggage. Pant press / iron in the room. Lighting - good with lots of options.Service: Check in and out was very fast and efficient. Several staff in the lobby at busy times to help people out.Food: No comment. I did not eat any meals at the hotel. I ate most of my meals at Canary Wharf or in the city with colleagues / clients.Groceries - there is a full, large grocery store in Canary Wharf called Waitrose where you can get just about anything (vegetarian / vegan foods, ready made meals etc)Fitness - they have a fitness room open until 11pm (last entry at 10pm). Free to hotel guests. Sorry to say I did not use it this trip (shame on me). Canary Wharf - just a quick trip by taxi - the hotel staff will get you a car - nice one - 5 gbp one way. From Canary Wharf I would just get a black cab and it would be between 3 and 5 gbp depending on how we hit traffic. You can walk to Canary Wharf too - it is not that far - about 10 min walkGetting there: Flew into LHR Heathrow and took the Heathrow Express to Paddington Station (15 gbp). Took a black cab from Paddington to the hotel at 10pm - 36 gbp. Since it is a newer area not all the taxis know where it is so recommend you print the directions off the hotel website. Once you are in the area past Canary Wharf you will see a tall building with a slanted room (with blue neon in the evenings). The hotel is right next door to this residential building. If you take a black cab all the way from LHR expect 120 gbp+ depending on trafficAlternate: you can call a London car service (sorry forgot the name). From Canary Wharf to LHR at 1pm on Friday it cost 37 gbp and took a litle over an hour. They charge a few sterling more to pick you up at the airport since they have to pay for parking. Phone number [--]DLR - Dockland Light Railway - you can get off at the Blackwall stop if you are coming from the city and as you come out you will see an IBIS hotel - behind it you will see a wall with some flag poles - this is the turnoff to the hotel. It is just a couple of blocks.Full directions are on their website.	
Mar 9 2008 	Great hotel overlooking the O2	Stayed at the Radisson on 01 March 2008 while attending the Westlife concert. The hotel is in a great location if you are visiting the O2 Arena, only 2 stops on the underground/DLR.The hotel staff are very polite and helpfull. The hotel rooms are decorated to a high standard. Only 5 minute walk from East India station. The breakfast in the morning was lovely with a brilliant river view from the restaurant.If you are going to the O2 then this is the place to stay!!Had a great weekend, fantastic concert and brilliant hotel.	
Feb 26 2008 	Loved The Radisson Providence Wharf	We stayed at the New Providence Hotel on Friday gone as part of a treat to ourselves as it was our 17th Wedding Anniversary.I must say that we had a lovely time there.The hotel staff are very helpful and bent over backwards to make you feel welcome and at home in everyway.The room was lovely, very modern with all the latest mod cons and internet access, there was even a welcome message on the TV screen when we entered the room.Because it was our anniversary the lovely lady at reception Jonavita, personally brought up a plate full of hand carved fruits and a bottle of white wine on ice. We were both very touched at such a nice gesture.The full breakfast which was brought to our room was huge and had everything you could imagine and was well worth money.The hotel has relaxation rooms and a gym which are all complimentary to guest.The hotel is less than 10 minutes away from the station and the location is great for The O2 or visiting central London which can be easily accessed by the DLR and the Tube.We would definitely stay here again and recommend it to our friends.	
Feb 18 2008 	good location for the 02 but not much else.	We booked 2 nights at this hotel, it was chosen due to the fairly close location to the o2 arena as we had tickets for the friday at the o2 and then we added a extra night in london to make a weekend of it.The location is good for the o2 we had a taxi to and from the o2 for roughly £15 each way, we did intend to use the public transport but the weather was cold and wet and it is a bit of a walk to &quot;Blackwall&quot; DLR station.The hotel its self is bright and modern we paid for a &quot;supeior&quot; room however i did not think we were given one as nothing in the room made it feel any different from the others, the room that we had was nice a bit small, but was well furnished with a very good bathroom which had good toileteries provided.The breakfast which was included was very good, we were lucky as every time we came down we got a table straight away, others were not so lucky and at each breakfast we saw lots of people having to wait for a free table.....Also if you book at this hotel without booking breakfast you will be hard pushed to find anything in the area to get your breakfast.The car parking was £25 for 24 hours, which was very expensive, i know its london, but other hotels do much better rates, and having to pay £50 extra is a pain when you have paid good money to stay at the hotel.The location is ok for the o2, BUT i would not use this hotel for anything else, YES it is easy to get into the centre of london on the DLR, but when we come to london again i would choose a hotel in a much better location.	
Feb 18 2008 	Nice hotel brand new in the middle of nowhere	The hotel is brand new, rooms are nice and stylish (very unusual for London!) and the hotel is fairly priced. However the location is really in the middle of nowhere. I had a conference in Canary Wharf and still it took me 2 days to understand how I could walk to my conference, as the roads in CW are still very complicated and you have to walk through construction sites etc.Nevertheless it is close to DLR, and from there you can go anywhere. Of course, I would not recommend it if you are in London for tourism, but if you need to be in the Docklands for business it's a quite good location. Finally, one small detail, personnel was from everywhere except England, mainly young people from Eastern Europe, and they did not really know much about the city or the neighborhood of the hotel. Anyway overall a good place for businessmen who need to be based in the Docklands.	
Feb 15 2008 	Fantastic new hotel in Docklands	I stayed in the New Providence Wharf for 3 nights mid-February after checking out of a seriously nasty hotel elsewhere in London.It is stunning!Although a little out of the way in Docklands, it's easily walkable from the main shopping and eating areas of Canary Wharf and Blackwall DLR is just round the corner.The hotel is brand new and the entrance to the lobby is breathtaking - think black slate and marble, fountains, beautiful lighting and minimalist sculpures.My company had booked me into a single room, but I was immediately upgraded to a king-size superior room, and this was beautiful; full size floor to ceiling windows, very comfortable leather king-size bed, Bang and Olufsun TV and a fantastic wet-room bathroom with shower and bath. The only thing that was a little strange was that the hanging area for clothes and the chest of drawers was in the bathroom area, but this maximised the space in the bedroom area, so can't complain!Room service was fast, good value and very tasty, and the breakfast was good quality and plentiful - the restaurant looks out over the Dome and is a hell of a view with the sun coming up over it in the morning.They've also got a state-of-the-art gym and spa, both of which I used and thoroughly enjoyed.I suspect the rate that I got of £155 a night is available mainly becasue it is a new hotel trying to build up it's reputation, and it will quickly go up from here, but if you need to be in the Docklands area, don't stay anywhere else!!	
Feb 10 2008 	overlook the dome	stayed here for 3 nights over new year,allocated a disabled room.funny as i,m a nurse.room was small but ok.the hotel is close to blackwall,ldr,near ibis,hotel,a short walk if you have light luggage.check in was quick.like other reviews state,there is no bar area.we booked on the hotels website and were pleased to pay 80£ per room as everywhere for the time of year was expensive.breakfast was expensive around£18 but had this on new years day as a treat.for those on a budget,the ibis over the road charge £5.95 for a smaller but adequate versionthis a very modern hotel with little atmoshphere,ideal for a concert at the o2, overall a good experience for our bargain price,would stay again if we could get another deal.	
Feb 6 2008 	New Years Eve	We stayed here for 2 nights, for New Years Eve. We got a brilliant deal on Hotels.com £159 for the 2 of of us for both nights! The hotel is very modern and spotlessly clean. We had a lovely room with a large bed and TV. Marble bathroom with a shower and bath, huge mirrow in bathroom and room so you can do your makeup! The bar is very relaxing and chic, modern sofas so you can out your feet up, drinks very expensive, a cocktail is £10 and a large glass of wine was £8! Bar stayed open until 3 am New Years eve, we had late checkout until 1.30, they were supposed to charge £10 per hour an they said they couldnt charge us for the new year - excellent! A little way out of london, you do have to walk 15 mins to the tube, lots of stairs ( not good in hight heels !) . Over all would stay here again.	
Feb 4 2008	Go There While It's Cheap!	Stayed here for 2 nights, while we were visiting friends in East London.It's very slightly out of the way at New Providence Wharf, but we walked it from Canary Wharf tube to the hotel and it only took about 15 minutes. The hotel happily took us back to Canary Wharf later on by car when we were feeling lazy - for a fiver. The hotel is right on the Thames, absolutely opposite the O2 Arena.We think this hotel's prices will start creeping up, so book in while it is so new (built September 2007). It cost us £68 per night plus VAT. Breakfast was a tenner which we booked when we got there. There was a full buffet - hot and cold.The bar, public areas, rooms, gym, everything about the place feels so modern and chic. There was every technical gadget you need in the rooms, including Bang and Olufsen TV and iPod dock - I didn't know what some of them were for! There is also a good hairdryer, iron and ironing board in each room.Bedroms are very modern, chic and minimalist. The bathroom or 'wetroom' had a full bath, and also a separate rainshower, and all Gilchrist and Soames products.Hotel guests can use the sauna, gym, steam room and showers, but we didn't because we were so busy!We didn't really see much of the staff, as there were no problems, but check in was efficient and all bar and breakfast staff were very polite.Definitely Recommended!	
Feb 2 2008 	awsome	after searching around for a good hotel for NYE this seemed perfect, was cheap (for london prices) but a lil far out. i think paid about £220 for 2nights for their deluxe room.hotel room wasnt ready when we got there and then again 2hours later when we went back, however the staff were pleasent about this. place isnt difficult to find its a just a lil walk, you can see the building from the station.room stunning!! get room 330 its a deluxe room but its one with a view over the river, bed nice and big and firm, great night sleep.bathroom well apointed with stand alone bath and walk in shower. tv although bang and olefson quite dissapointin as no decent channels without payin extra. room service was good, pizza and sandwiches were nice and not too badly priced. the spa area was also quite nice, small pleasent, steam room sauna and some showers with differnt nozzles, also a relaxation room, (great for a free apple) but as i said main feature of the room was the stunning views and the space in the room.	
Feb 1 2008 	Classy 	Although quite hard to find, this modern, new hotel is a good find!I was lucky as I know the area so the best approach on Public Transport is to take the DLR to Blackwall. Take the underpass across the main road and head down the road to the right of the IBIS Hotel. You will enter the New Providence Wharf complex, the hotel is up to left (signposted).On arrival the entrance and foyer are large and sleek. Check in assistant helpful and friendly. We were on the fourth floor, the hotel is still new, and the carpets have that recently laid feeling and there is still the slight smell of paint in the corridor, but nothing unbearable.The rooms are nicely furnished, very modern and comfortable. The beds are quite hard but still new. Bathroom sleek, although the floor was not brilliant. The shower was good and heated up quickly, however the toiletries were slightly annoying. Reason being that the hotel are trying to be economical and evironmentally friendly by putting the shower gel/shampoo etc in bottles attached to the wall, and you need to press down the top to get it out. Whilst I commend their attempts to help the environment, it is a bit irritating as you only get a tiny bit at a time. In the shower cubicle was the Shower Gel and Conditioner, however the shampoo was over the other end of the bath! Because of the shape of the building, there are very few rooms with a view of the river and the 02, but if you are a leisure traveller, then you probably won't be spending a great deal of time in the room anyway.The television was good quality Bang &amp; Olufsen, but some of the features did not work, the door cam was a good idea though , but these are just minor problems, we only watched the tv late at night anyway. Another nice touch was the IPOD dock in the room.Breakfast was fresh and tasty, however not very plentiful (hot food was replenished) even though the hotel was not particularly busy. The Bar and Restaurant is nice with a view of the O2 and river, and a nice outside terrace.Overall I would stay here again if visiting the O2 or Canary Wharf. But if purely for tourist value, go for somewhere nearer the middle of town.	
Jan 31 2008 	Excellent room and superb room housekeeping not so good	We stayed at the hotel for 2 nights to see the spice girls.We had an upgraded corner room with fantastic views over the river and O2 arena. The bathroom was particularly nice as you could sit in the freestanding tub in front of the floor to ceiling windows which were also in the bedroom. For London and in fact most hotels ithe room was above average in size.The hotel however lacked on service we waited 24hrs for someone to change the batteries in our safe;3 hrs for towels the first day after several phone calls and a visit to reception and the 2nd day the room was not cleaned at all even though we went out at 9.10am and didn't return until 3.30pm and we had put the service room light on. I had to ring again for towels so that we could get ready to go out and it took nearly 2hrs for them to arrive.When we went in the minibar we also discovered half of it missing and half empty drinks in there which wasn't pleasant. They did admit that they hadn't had the opportunity to reset the computer before we checked in and that they wouldn't be able to do it until after we checked out as there was a problem with the system.Breakfast time there was often queues for bacon eggs ect as the kitchen didn't appear to be able to refresh the food quick enough so both mornings we gave up.We got a taxi from the hotel to the 02 and back and it was £15.00 each way but I felt safer than walking down the dark underpass to Blackwall DLR which is about 10mins walk by the time you walk under the underpass ect.Gordon Ramsey has a pub called The NARROW which is a few stops away not far from Limehouse station overlooking the Thames which was really good and reasonably priced, The hotel restaurant was very quiet in the evening, but there are loads of food options in the O2 which had very long queues outside before the concert so get there early.On the whole the room was superb 5* the service was not so good 2/3* however this hotel has fantastic potential.	
Jan 29 2008 	Superb Hotel For A Visit To The O2 Arena	I stayed at this hotel Sat 12 Jan 08 with my sister, we were going to see the Spice Girls at the O2 Arena. We arrived at East India DLR, it took us a little while to actually find the hotel (tip: find Budgens when you exit the DLR..as you are looking at it cross the road so you are the same side, walk to the right and follow the path round in a semi-circle. If you look at the high rise buildings to your left you will see Radisson Edwardian on the side of the building.Its a 5-10min walk).The hotel is very modern, the rooms are lush..especially the wet room..v nice!The beds were the comfiest that we had ever slept in. Thoroughly enjoyed the breakfast the next day, the only critisism is that the tables were not cleared very quickly. This hotel is ideal if you are going to the O2, it only took about 10mins on DLR&amp;tube. Would definatley recommend this hotel to anyone!	
Jan 28 2008 	What a view! Better than the Hilton!	Booked this through visitlondon.com got an amazing deal 2 nights b&amp;b £200! usually £185 per night!Went with my best mate, went to see the spice girls, brilliant location for the o2 and just a couple of tube stops from anywhere else.Booked a double room and i must say this was better than the Hilton (having stayed there over christmas). Room was a good size and spotless. Bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was amazing. Loved the b&amp;o sound system! Plenty of storage for clothes and shoes.Had cooked breakfast each morning which was brought to the room for no extra charge. The plate was piled with bacon, eggs, fried bread need i go on!We also ordered lasagne at 12.30 in the night no problem!The staff were all really helpful and polite didnt feel out of place, i hate snobby hotels!All in all i would definately stay here again.	
Jan 23 2008 	Nice views	I stayed here with my husband when he was working in Canary Wharf a weekend in December. Good points: Amazing lobby, beautiful room and furniture, views across the river to the O2Bad points: A little bit of a hike to the shopping bits and restaurants, they spray loads of air fresheners on the carpet which irritated my feet really badly.	
Jan 22 2008 	Great Hotel	I stayed here by myself when I went to see the Spice Girls at the 02. Being 32 weeks pregnant at the time, I wanted something decent and relatively near to the 02! I booked a single room, but was pleasantly surprised to find a massive double bed when I reached the room. The hotel is not too far, (30-40 mins) from Kings Cross and is relatively easy to find. The 02 is literally 10 minutes on the tube from the hotel and I would recommend it as a great base if you are going to anything at the arena. Rooms lovely, comfy and quiet, breakfast varied and fresh, check in/out pleasant.One of the best hotels I've stayed in for a while!	
Dec 30 2007 	brand new good comparative value	I stayed here the week the hotel opened. The staff was very friendly, the restaurant was good (for english food.) The restaurant has a patio area that overlooks the Thames and there's a nice quay down the Thames as well. The rooms are very modern, quiet, and comfortable, and do have a 110v (American) outlet. The location isn't the greatest - its a bit of a walk (close to a mile) to the Canary Wharf tube, although there are 2 close DLR stations. As of the 9/07 there were no shops or restaurants in the new providence wharf area, but it looked like they were putting some in. The hotel's breakfast buffet was over $40 US, which I wasn't going to pay every day. But the alternative was to walk to Canary Wharf or McDonalds. There are several coffee shops in the CW tube station, and we did find a small grocery by the DLR that had some pretty tasty meat pies in the morning.When I booked, the price of other comparable hotels (such as the Marriott) was around twice the price. For the quality of hotel, this was a great deal.	
Dec 28 2007 	Great location and wonderful view over 02	Very modern hotel quite close to Canary Wharf (10 min walk). Kind of hidden in a residential complex, but if you find MacDonalds, then it's behind there!Rooms very modern, very comfortable bed, great shower.The bar is nice, breakfast good, and it is a five minute walk to the DLR.I really liked it, and would stay again!	
Dec 11 2007 	Modern sleek stylish hotel staff need more attention to detail	I booked this hotel about 2 months ago as a suprise weekend for my parents. There was 3 of us staying which meant I had to book a suite online and advised the hotel there would be 3 staying. Got a decent rate online direct with the hotel. Full breakfast quite pricey at £10 each although there was a great selection. The hotel is very modern, stylish and comfortable. Sofa bed in lounge area which was very comfortable. My parents loved the bedroom decor, and bathroom was fantastic. Overhead rain shower, large bath, tv in wall, excellent. Staff were friendly and helpful although i was disappointed having requested a river view room and noting with the hotel that the booking was for a surpise for my parents that on arrival they asked for my fathers credit card details even though i checked us in. Also on arrival was told they could not meet the request for a river view room as none of the suites have a river view which i felt the staff should have said on booking over the phone. Not a big deal but would have saved a bit of disappointment. Checking out my father was again presented with the bill which was annoying given the confusion on check in, as it was my treat and i didnt want him to see the bill! The suite was lovely however, with a side view of the O2 and river. As previous review states we were only given towels for 2 people, glasses and cups and we had to request more. Given the advance booking these should have already been in the room. Another nice touch was the evening of check in we were left a welcome card, handmades chocs and fresh water. DLR was not running most of the weekend which meant a good 10 min walk to Canary Wharf tube. This wasnt a problem for us although slightly uphill so too far with luggage. Buses replace the DLR running every few minutes. Blackwall and East India DLR stations are both close, Blackwall probably nearer. Compared to the price and quality of more central hotels I would stay here again if you get a similar rate of £140 per night for the suite. If your buying a day travel card anyway for the tube it wouldnt cost you extra to travel out here to the Docklands, it is a good 30-40 min though from the West End.Included in the rate is use of the gym, sauna and steam room but not the swimming pool which is £5. O2 arena is about 10 min on the DLR so makes this hotel a good choice, lots of restaurants there although if there is big concert on be prepared for long queues to eat. Recommended.	
Dec 11 2007 	A few problems but good hotel	Originally booked 2 rooms and wanted an early check in. This wasnt available so we were &quot;upgraded&quot; to a suite. Whilst this did give us the opportunity to change and have a brush up, what we later realised was that having paid for two rooms with two bathrooms and two beds and all the amenities (tea coffee etc) we now only had half of this - one bathroom, a sofa bed and only two mugs etc for tea. Partly our own fault for accepting it, but never the less a bit of a dissapointment. We asked to be changed back, but because the hotel was full it was not possible. On the plus side, staff very helpfull and apologetic, also gave us a very good reduction for the inconvenience. Hotel very smart and also very quiet (considering it was full). Rooms and bathrooms well apointed, liked the TV in the bathroom! Great breakfast in bed -never had so much bacon! On the downside, location is a bit out of town, and as said previous reviews there is nothing to do locally (unless you want a McDonalds - no thanks). Also when we were there the DLR was on maintenance shutdown so had to get taxi to Canary Wharf station.Couldnt get the air con to work, paper that was ordered never turned up. All in all though the hotel is very smart, staff are very helpfull and efficient and the hotel is very quiet.(no banging doors, and the carpet on the corridors seems to have been designed to eliminate all noise completely!). If you are going to 02 it is a definite best choice.	
Dec 9 2007	Great Weekend		
Nov 21 2007 	Great hotel with just minor faults...		
Nov 20 2007 	Perfect Hotel - Perfect Weekend		
Nov 12 2007 	stunning hotel		
Nov 9 2007 	Not value for money		
Oct 30 2007 	Beautiful Hotel		
Oct 17 2007	An enigma		
Oct 16 2007 	Stunning hotel!!!		
Aug 21 2009 	Eleganza assoluta		
Jul 18 2009 	meraviglioso		
Aug 19 2008 	Hotel Fantastique situé au bord de la Tamise		
