	Almost Perfect...	I was in London on 21-24.11.2009. We stayed in Premier inn which is situated in center of London (50m from London Eye and Big Ben). They have unconventional reception which is very good (you can check-in on check-in machine if you want to, so there is no waiting). We have reserved twin bedroom but we have got a extra large bedroom with one double bed and one bed extra!!! Great!!! Room was perfect. Extra clean with nice and clean bathroom, flat TV, hairdrayer, cofee machine...Breakfast is so good that I can't describe... Full english buffet breakfast... planty of everthing... no more words... One and one only thing which has not been OK is that shampoo in our bedroom stayed empty for all three days. Definetly I'm going again in Premier inn...	
Nov 25 2009 	Excellent location would highly recommend.	This hotel is excellently located, right beside the London eye and Waterloo Station. It feels a little bit soul-less, but I guess this is the very selling feature of these type of branded hotels. The electronic check in makes for a hassle free beginning to your stay, which carries on through the remainder of your stay. The rooms are spacious, clean, comfortable and minimal. For us, who just wanted a base from which to visit the city it was a perfect crash pad. We decided not to bother getting breakfast in the hotel due to some other reviews here, however there is an Italian cafe bar right across the street which did a delicious full breakfast.	
Nov 19 2009 	Pleasantly surprised!	Went to London for long weekend towards end of summer holidays. Booked this hotel after searching for ages for suitable place and availability. This hotel hasn't been open long. Arrived at hotel and left our bags in the secure baggage area and went out for the day. We had a family room which was massive. There was a very big double (which was also quite high and our 4 year old fell out of it one night), a sort of mattress single on the floor, and a sofa bed. The view was sadly not of the Thames (the hotel takes up the back of County Hall) but we had a view of the restaurants and shops adjacent. The staff were all very friendly and happy. Breakfast was lovely. It was self-service and had everything you could want for breakfast. There is a restaurant there but we didn't use it as there are so many other restaurants in that area (like Pizza Express).Obviously the major selling point of this hotel is its location it is in the same building as the ticket hall for the London Eye, and next to the Thames. The only drawback was that the lifts were quite difficult to get into in the morning. They were full with people from the floors above. Tried to find stairs, but no joy.Really recommend this one.	
Nov 18 2009 	A great base for visiting London	At the end of the day it is a Premier Inn, you know what to expect. If you are visiting London as a tourist and you need a base then this is ideal. Perfect for the London Eye, even if you haven't booked as you are so close you can turn up when it opens and have a good chance of getting on without a long wait. Breakfast at McDonalds if you are on a budget (yes i know!!- but i had kids with me) Great for the Aquarim, the 3d cinema, the Thames, Parliament , horseguards, the list goes on. And they have family rooms, have stayed here before - will stay here again.	
Nov 17 2009 	What more do you need!	Reception was in upheavel due to refurb, however I did receive a very pleasant warning phone call the day before check in and received a warm welcome on arrival. Check in was efficient and I was soon in my room. Rear view overlooking a drab courtyard and the 'eye', but for the convenience of this location the view was not on my list of priorities. The room was spotless, really comfortable bed &amp; pillows(which are often neglected) and excellent blackout curtains. My only slight moan was that the water could have been hotter for a bath, however the shower was good. There really isn't much more you could ask of a hotel room.Breakfast was excellent value at £7.50. I agree with the previous reviewer about the location of the toast - lots of children about and a possible accident blackspot. All in all great value and an excellent base for visiting London with many attractions being in walking distance.Customer service was good and every member of staff introduced themselves and seemed genuinely keen to help, offer further information and generally ensure we had a good stay.Use the Tripper boat from the pier (200yrds) - it stops by St Pauls, the Tate, O2 and is a comfortable &amp; clean or it's only a short walk to the tube.	
Nov 17 2009 	Dissapointlingly flawed	We had a standard double room but it was large with a good sized shower/bath. It was spotlessly clean and seemed newly decorated. The bathroom fittings were also new. the bed was comfortable and initial impressions were good. HOWEVER: the windows are old with cheap internal secondary double glazing. Neither the original or the new set fitted very well and there was a howling banshee noise for most of our three night stay (it was a particularly windy period). There was no suitcase rest so they had to go on the floor (but there was at least ample room). We couldn't hear any outside noise above the howling wind but the walls between the bedrooms have very poorly sound insulation so we could hear every word of a loudish discussion between our neighbours.There was no shaver socket and reception ran out of adaptors. Breakfast is good value if you want English but there is a poor choice of continental alternatives - no cheese or cold meats. Breakfast was a bit chaotic - I think they were undrstaffed and they kept running out of items - such as mugs, milk, tea bags etc. However, the staff were friendly and helpful and certainly worked hard.Generally, we are happy if a hotel produces a good nights sleep and is clean but for the money we had hoped for a bit more.	
Nov 14 2009 	Listen to what others are saying	Ok to start off we decided to spend a weekend in London, I have stayed at this hotel before on business so knew the location pretty well. We arrived early at the hotel, 1200, and were advised that a room was available immediately, I had requested a room overlooking the gardens however the room we were allocated overlooked a pretty dismal courtyard and the upper half of the London Eye. I was happy to accept this room however as it was available immediately and allowed us to commence our London experience straight away.We were advised beforehand that work was being undertaken but were assured that this would not affect our stay..this was slightly incorrect as the painters on our floor woke us quite early, the store they were using was located right beside our room and they seem to use it noisily and regularly, suffice to say the room did not feel intimate.We ate at the hotel on our first night and can honestly say that the food was good and value for money, my only niggle here was that I ordered a Coffee and Brandy, hey we're on holiday, the Brandy came in a Coke type glass, the Coffee in a Breakfast Mug not the most classy way of serving but to be fair the Barman did have trainee written on his badge...bit more mentoring maybe. Had Breakfast on one morning...worth every penny..but again a small niggle, not enough toast making facilities and the location of the toast maker is an accident waiting to happen as the staff have to squeeze through the queue with hot food being replenished.Anyway will cut a long story short, Management if you're listening, more toast facilities, a bit more attention to small details, glasses etc, and please for the love of God change that Loo Roll you're using.	
Nov 13 2009 	Exceptional customer service highly recommended	Stayed here for 2 nights sightseeing in London. Hotel is in a great location, 2 minutes walk from Waterloo Station and close enough to be able to walk to Covent Garden, Trafalgar Square, National Gallery, Tate Modern and Shakespeare's Globe (to name just a few). My initial fears about staying in a Premier Inn were soon put to rest - the room was spotless, the bed comfortable enough and the bedding was cool, crisp white cotton sheets. In the bedroom the only downside was the ferocity of the door closing mechanism on the bathroom which meant the door slammed whenever you went in or out, and no way of dispersing the steam after having a shower. Weird.All the staff - from reception to restaurant workers were friendly, helpful and smiling. The breakfast was plentiful, I have no complaints about the quantity or quality of food, even at peak times. Our only problem was late night revelry from our next door neighbours. The downside of a 'budget' hotel like this is that it attracts school groups and we had such a group on our corridor. After putting up with a fair amount of squealing, door banging and people running up and down outside our room we called reception (it was about 1 a.m.), they apologised and I don't know how they did it but they calmed it all down and we had an excellent night's sleep. I get the impression that they spend a lot of time and money on getting it right for the customer - they have a very smooth operation here and it shows.	
Nov 10 2009 	Great hotel but need better receptionist!!!	Lovely hotel very bad receptionist. Major attitude problem and couldn't cope with problems. was unable to give us a key for our room due to problems with key cutting machine but did give us the helpful suggestion of leaving our room open when we left it so that we could get back in again!!! what a great security system that was!!! It was 11pm that night before key was available, terribly inconvenient and no apology not even a key for the lights but was still able to take our money from us. and when we did get our key it worked for a few hours but locked us out again the following day. Clean and spacious bedrooms with fabulous breakfast that kept us going all day, lovely bar staff especially the young man with his name badge saying &quot;in training&quot; aka fernandez......great location with everything nearby.would stay again but could do without the friendly receptionist.	
Oct 30 2009 	Great hotel - perfect location - but needs to sort breakfast out	Booked this hotel as the reviews were excellent. Was delighted with everything except the breakfast. We booked an alloted time slot, but still the breakfast was a shambles. Both mornings they ran out of plates, or main items from the cooked breakfast. Because of this queues were ridiculous, and what should have been an enjoyable breakfast was in fact a stressful one. Would think twice about having the breakfast there again. The price covered &quot;as much as you could eat&quot; but we only managed a small plate, and then could not be bothered to join the cattle market for fruit or top ups.The hotel was excellent in every other way.	
Oct 30 2009 	Thoroughly enjoyable	Stayed at the premier inn during a city break to London. We wanted a good base to explore the city from without spending too much money. The premier inn was extremely reasonably priced. The room was very large and modern. There was no view as it faced an inner courtyard, but also no noise from traffic. The decor was modern and in excellent condition. The room really was spotlessly clean. Opposite the hotel there were a few noodle bars / pubs and small shop ideal for late night snacks! Overall had a very comfortable and enjoyable stay. Would absolutely stay here again on next trip to london.	
Oct 29 2009 	Good hotel great staff	I arrived at the hotel the 21th of september arround 10h30 or 11.The room was allready free so i could go and put my stuff in the room.The check in at the frontdesk went quickly. A friendly member of staff even helped me to solve a problem with my cellphone (i had to unlock my sim). So thanks to the friendly lady, my stay began great. The room was on the 2nd floor. The rooms was large (not like most of the 1 person room in london) the room had a larger bed, a desk, a TV-set and some seats. you could also make your own coffee. The bathroom was great (bathtub,...).A downside was that it was a little hot in the room. The hotel has also a great restaurant and bar. You can eat well for a good price. I would love to come back to this hotel, this was one of the better ones i has stayed in London.	
Oct 28 2009 	Good Hotel Good Location	I stayed here for 2 nights on business. The location is very good, right next to the London eye and there's plenty of bars and restaurants in the area. I would imagine it would be a very good spot to stay if you were sightseeing. The room was actually a very decent size and perfectly clean, as was the bathroom.The staff were perfectly professional and breakfast was tasty enough. The only downsides were the lack of free wifi (although this seems to be becoming more and more common now) and the lifts! You may think I'm being trivial, but on Saturday morning I must have waited 10 minutes for a free lift to finally arrive, which considering I was only on the 2nd floor was a bit annoying. I would have happily taken the stairs, but there aren't any (bar an alarmed fire escape).But overall, no major complaints and I would be happy to stay again for business or pleasure.	
Oct 22 2009 	October Break	The hotel was great. The staff were very friendly which made the trip even better. This hotel is very central which made travelling around very easy. I recommend highly.	
Oct 22 2009 	Great Location	Great location within walking distance of many sites and attractions. Room was clean and staff friendly and helpful.Buffet breakfast was good with plenty of choice of hot and cold items and filled us up until dinner. Dinners were good value and very tasty. Server in the restuarant for breakfast and dinner was friendly and efficient.	
Oct 20 2009 	great location for tourists average hotel	If you are a tourist you'll love the location within walking distance of many attractions. The hotel itself is nothing special. Single rooms are small but seemed clean enough and the bed comfortable enough. Hotel food looked expensive, but there are a lot of cheaper options within walking distance. The hotel subcontracts to a company which charged 9 pounds per day for in-room internet. This hotel is not the most quiet place. One night the room was noisy (mechanical noise or pipes). One morning there was a fire drill and everyone had to leave their rooms. Also worth mentioning this property is under construction. Cleaning staff is courteous.Overall a good stay.	
Oct 20 2009 	Clean comfortable efficient and in a good location	Stayed with colleagues during a business trip to London. Check-in was very efficient and the staff were smiling and joking with us. My room on second floor looked out onto a courtyard and had been very recently renovated. The decorators were still in the lift lobby and were using one of the three lift which meant we had to wait a while for the lift in the morning. The room was clean, bright and comfortable and the bed was a good sized comfortable double. You could even open the window, although I regretted that at 6am when a skip lorry reversed into the courtyard below my window - beep, beep, beep!!!Breakfast was excellent as it always is at Premier Inns.Overall this is a good place to stay for the money and is well located.	
Oct 20 2009 	Good value clean friendly	Great location, very clean room, friendly staff. We (2 adults + 2 teenagers) had a spacious family room in 4th floor facing the inner court. Quiet but not much to look at! Only minuses: the mattresses were a bit hard and the breakfast room was a bit too crowded and busy. All in all, excellent value for money &amp; we will certainly stay here again.	
Oct 12 2009 	A Location That Can't Be Beat ... and the rooms are great too!	On a recent trip to London, my family (husband and 10 year old son) stayed at the Premier Inn County Hall. With a location that's practically next door to the London Eye, we found the hotel to be within walking distance to many of the attractions we wanted to see. From our hotel, we were able to make our way on foot to the Tower of London on one day and to the British Museum the next. I had low expectations for &quot;family&quot; rooms, and thought we would be cramped. I was wrong! Our room was very generously sized, with two double beds and plenty of space for my energetic youngster. The room had been so recently renovated that we could still smell the fresh paint and fixtures in the bathroom!	
Oct 11 2009 	Good Location service and price	We stayed here for 6 nights. Wonderful location - just below the London Eye, 5 minutes walk from the Parliament buildings and Big Ben. Easy access from the Waterloo station as well as the Westminister station.The breakfast was economical with their free for kids offer. Rooms were neat and they changed the linens every day. We took the family room, i would not say it was big, but spacious enough for travellers who are there for sight seeing, as most of the day we were out and would go the room after dinner.We did not have lunch in the hotel so cannot comment on that. For two nights we ordered Pizza from the hotel for dinner - It was very good.Staff were friendly.I would recommend this hotel for all type of travellers.	
Oct 9 2009 	Good price for location cleanliness and purpose.	London can get very expensive, so its nice that a budget hotel has almost all the amenities of one of the pricier chains. We weren't planning to stay in our hotel all day, so we were just looking for a clean place to sleep, have a hot shower, feel safe, and convenient. Walking distance to Underground and the Eye. There's the park nearby where locals like to hangout. There is also the Royal Festival Hall with lots of food options. The only reason why I give it 4 stars, is because one night, we came back after a long day of sightseeing only to find that our key to our room no longer worked. We were on the 6th floor, a several rooms away from the elevator, so it was a little annoying to have to go all the way back down to the lobby to get our key fixed. Also, some of the buttons on our room phone didn't work. The staff were kind enough to let me use their phone, but again, that meant walking all the way down to the lobby to make a call.Nonetheless, I would stay here again. One other item to note, there is a nightly charge to use the safe, so make sure you let them know you plan to use it when you check in.	
Oct 9 2009 	Very good value terrific location	We stayed at the Premier Inn London for three days in September. The locaiton is terrific, right by the London Eye and Big Ben. One of the other reviewers mentioned there is no airconditioning, which would have been problematic if it wasn't so cool outside. But, the kids ate free and we had a very nice family room at a good price. And it was really clean. This hotel is conveniently located between two tube stations and has a lot of restaurants and attractions within walking distance. I would defintely stay here again with my family.	
Oct 9 2009 	WOW location economy quality	I have stayed in several inner city London hotels/budget accoms and this tops them all. Right in the middle of things you have this budget hotel that continues the premiere Inn great quality...sure it costs a little more but nothing in relation to other london accom.How great to wander out from your great night sleep accom directly on to London eye and any of the wondrous things just in the same County Hall building, let alone going any where...but just down the way is parliament buildings, big ben and westminster abbey...or the festival hall...all tours pass by and yet it retains a quietness in the streets outside because you have dropped down beneath the main roads...I would highly recommend this for those dipping into London for a few days before departing on international flights...one of the highlights was in fact the ease of getting out of London to Heathrow....Booked Dot to Dot as a transfer provider and was very impressed at everything about thie operation. I had booked online 3 months before but they had everything right there when I rang to confirm...more from my anxiety thatn a real need to do that. We were amazed by the large roomy vehicle that arrived that was much more luxurious that our international flight turned out to be...they were efficient, on time and no hassle from a very central location...	
Oct 6 2009 	Highly Recommended	I Stayed with the family for 3 days from September 23 - 26. Earlier I had requested for a room on the higher floors. I was given family room 517. Fifth floor very quite indeed. I believe there is renovation happening on the second floor. The room was kinda stuffy. But there was a small table fan provided and that served the purpose. The positive points are location, friendly staff, clean for the that price($214, w/breakfast). No other hotel can beat that price. Breakfast was okay too. The negative point is that there is no free internet.	
Oct 4 2009 	Doesn't get any better	I have been using the County Hall Premier Inn for 5 years and it always gets me just how consistent they are. I have met more employees than I care to remmeber but the experience is always first class.	
Sep 30 2009 	Best value in London	Stayed over in London for a long weekend. This is my 3rd time at County Hall but this is my first review attempt. I just had to say that this hotel is brilliant. The staff are very attentive, smiling and polite, but not &quot;in your face&quot;. The room we had was LARGE, quiet and very clean.The breakfast is good and there's plenty of it - the coffee is exceptional.Bottomline: I wouldn't stay anywhere else when I'm down in the Smoke, either on business or leisure.	
Sep 21 2009 	Clean simple great location service and value	Fourth time I'd stayed here. Half the price of other London hotels we looked at. Clean, quiet room. Wonderful customer service (inluding free printing from internet). We arrived early, and they allowed us to check in early as they had a room available. No frills, but everything you'd want in a hotel. And the location can't be faulted - slap bang by the Houses of Parliament, London Eye, and several underground lines (District and Circle, Jubilee and Bakerloo).	
Sep 19 2009	Recommended	My second trip to London, first time on business this time for vacation (took my mother). First time I stayed at the Brown's hotel which was nice, but wouldn't pay that much myselft (company picked up the tab).I don't normally do these kinds of reviews, but since I was paying this trip myself I did alot of research on this website so I felt like I needed to give back. I travel every couple of months (business) and normlly stay at high-dollar resorts/hotels (Four Seasons, etc.). So keep that in mind with these reviews.This is what I didnt' like about this hotel:No AC. The weather was cool enough that we could keep the window open, however there allowed some outside noise in. Not enough to keep us awake, but somewhat irritating.No small shower gel/shampoo bottles, instead we get a push dispenser like you might find in a public restroom. I didn't like it and ran out of soap during one shower.No small bar of hand soap for the bathroom sink, instead we got a push dispenser like you'd find in a public restroom. I found it a little cheesy.No kleenex, instead we had to use the toilet paper. I personally don't like to use toilet paper for that purpose (to close to the toilet).The bath/hand towels were scratchy.There were feminine hygenie bags on the counter above the toilet. I found that a little un-classy.The toilet paper was rough and broke apart easy.I did not like the toilet seat (uncomfortable).The bathroom counter was small (18&quot; x 24&quot;).The bathroom door was spring loaded (because steam could set off the fire alarms). I'd have to jam it open after a shower.Had a duvet instead of sheets. I personally don't like them.The bed matress was hard, not to my liking.The hangers are permanently mounted to the open closet/TV shelf contraption. My mother asked for extra hangers and they had none. Also, I like to hang my clothes in the bathroom when I shower to steam out wrinkles but couldn't due to this setup.The area was a little noiser that I would have cared for (especially with needing to keep windows open.I had to pay extra for Internet ($15/night).What I liked about the hotel:It was clean.The hotel staff were polite and helpful.Price ($194/night)! Would have been a little cheaper had I remembered to get my VAT back. For central London, hard to beat that price. Check out the prices of Mariott County Hall which is in the same building.Location, right next to the London Eye, close to bust stops, train station, tube station and lot's of sights.Overall, I can highly recommend this hotel and will seriously consider using it for any future personal travel to London.	
Sep 15 2009 	Great hotel but........	This hotel is all that you expect from the Premier Inn chain, clean and efficient with good friendly staff. There is a lot of refurbishment going on at the moment and the room we had was brand new, comfortable and with a good bathroom. The breakfast room looked chaotic and overcrowded but was really smooth running with a great choice of hot and cold food. Our only gripe was that when we turned up in the evening for a pre booked table we were told that we would have to wait as they were very busy, which was strange as the restaurant was barely half full,but the head waiter took an order for drinks and said he would be back to take our order. Twenty minutes later he returned to say that he was just going to get our drinks except he'd forgotten what we had ordered, &quot;sorry but we are so busy,&quot; although in all that time we had seen no meals served and there were still more empty tables than occupied ones. It looked a classic case of short staff in the kitchens. We left and went to what was areally good Italian restaurant just up the road.Would recommend this hotel for comfort, cleanliness and location but steer clear of the restaurant in the evening.	
Sep 10 2009 	it made me proud to be british	we stayed in room 525 for 2 nights, clean, fresh, spacious, quiet, tea and coffee facilities, t v and comfortable beds. ALL staff we came into contact with were friendly and welcoming, with smiles and offers of assitance. A fantastic location to discover all thats good in london. Bar prices are not inflated and the bar staff smile a welcome before you even get to the bar. 2 minutes from waterloo station. An absolute english gem. Lenny Henry told it just like it is - pity we missed him!!!	
Sep 10 2009 	great location	Excellent value hotel. Great location. Comfortable room. Helpful/friendly staff.Downside: steps up to reception when carrying suitcases not easy. No laundry facilities (problem if you are staying long time). No safe for valuables in room.	
Sep 8 2009 	You won't find better for the money!	We recently stayed at the hotel in late August with my two children who are 5 and 7,for two nights.Its position is perfect,right alongside the South Bank ,in touching distance of the London Eye and a five walk from Victoria station.The room we had,although basic ,had been newly re-furbished.It was exceptionally clean as you would expect .The staff were extremely friendly and helpful,and without meaning to sound like a biggot all of them seemed to be English.They even smiled at us on our arrival,a real rarity now in the UK.Customer service was first class.The breakfast was good and the children eat free.The evening meal was not much to write home about,but hey,this is a budget hotel and a real rarity in London to have one with such quality.The beer that I had with my dinner appeared watered down.I'm not a drinker though,so this didn't matter.My only gripe was that my Children didn't have proper beds.One had a bed settee made up and the other had a mattress on the floor.Had it been older carpet I would have complained.The rooms were a little warm ,but it was explained that its a listed building and the planners wouldn't allow air conditioning.Reception brought a fan up without hesitation when I mentioned that the room was warm.I would have no hesitation in staying here again.You only have to check the other reviews on here.Don't bother looking around for other alternatives, book it ! You won't find better for the money.	
Sep 5 2009 	GREAT LOCATION. WILL GET BETTER WITH MAKEOVER.	My family and i stayed for just 1 night in the premier inn in county hall london in glorious august weather. The location is amazing. County hall contains the london aqurium and is right next to the london eye. The nightlife around there is incredible with street performers, park for the kids all with lit up by the houses of lords. BUT!!!!. We went in august in blistering heat and this hotel has no air conditioning. The temp in the rooms was in the 30's and out of all the premier we've been in this was pretty basic. It is due to have a multi million pound facelift so i'd leave it till next year to go there again. Oh and by the way breakfast GREAT, dinner was rubbish. Staff were friendly though.	
Aug 30 2009 	Highly recommended	Everything about this hotel is exceptional. The location (50 yards from London Eye and Westminster Bridge) is second to none. From the moment we arrived to the time we left the staff were extremely welcoming and nothing was ever too much trouble. We stayed here for breakfast and at £7.95 for adults and kids eat free you dont expect too much, how wrong I was. I have stayed at many hotels over the years and the quality of the food was truly exceptional. Even the prices in the bar are very reasonable.We were able to check in early as our room was ready and we left our luggage at the hotel whilst we spent our last day seing the sights. Premier Inn is now my number one choice for a hotel for my family.Well done	
Aug 25 2009 	Fantastic value big room great location 	Stayed here in a family room for 4 nights in August 2009 with children aged 14 &amp; 11. Staff were extremely efficient and pleasant but didn't bother us unnecessarily e.g. housekeeping was speedy &amp; unobtrusive, staff printed our return boarding passes for us and check-out took all of 6 seconds. Staff greeted us in the corridors &amp; at breakfast &amp; explained breakfast buffet very clearly. Hotel room &amp; bathroom were of a fantastic standard, were spacious &amp; looked like they had never been used before! The hotel building itself is lovely &amp; forms part of a bigger block incorporating the Dali museum &amp; London Eye offices. Double-glazing was very effective in shutting out city noise. Breakfast was varied, plentiful, hot and tasty. The County Hall location is great as it's very close to Waterloo tube station &amp; there's plenty of life all day &amp; in the evenings around the London Eye, Westminister and Southbank areas e.g. street performers, bars, restaurants, nice walks. We will DEFINITELY stay here again.	
Aug 24 2009 	Consistently good but needs air conditioning	I've stayed here a few times on business over the past couple of year and have always found the rooms clean and comfortable and have enjoyed a good breakfast each time. On the most recent visit, the room was too warm (around 26C) and the chambermaid had not left the window open. The hotel had provided a fan which improved matters slightly, but some proper air conditioning would be good. The rooms are surprisingly quiet even the ones overlooking the street. Very convenient for Waterloo station, the London Eye, Westminster Abbey etc etc.	
Aug 22 2009 	liked it good value good for kids close to tube london eye	We stayed here as a family of four. Cost us about 120 pounds. we found that to be a good value compared to other hotels in london, especially with the two kids in tow.excellent location next to london eye, close to the tube, breakfast is good deal as kids eat free, and it's all you can eat buffet style, quick and easy. Kids enjoyed buskers close by at london eye. I like being walking distance to globe theater. Rooms were in very good shape. No air conditioning when we stayed, and london was having a hot spell, but fans in room. I&quot;ve had good luck with this chain, I stayed at one of their hotels in doncaster a while back. Only complaint, elevators were slow, and you weren't allowed to take the stairs for some strange reason. wi-fi was expensive. but I would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 12 2009 	Under the London Eye	London is expensive! This is one of the few chain hotels available. They are right close to the London Eye, Big Ben, Westminster Abbey, the Thames and within walking distance of many other attractions. London is easy to get around in using the Underground-so you are within reach of everything. The rooms were clean, the restaurant food was very good. We felt breakfast was a little pricey tho, so went across the street for a less expensive breakfast. Also a nice Italian restaurant is catty-corner. The staff was great and very helpful. They had wifi-but it was not free-I didn't like that part. All in all tho, a very pleasant stay.	
Aug 11 2009 	Good hotel Excellent location	Spent 3 nights here on a sightseeing trip with family.Excellent location, on the banks of the Thames, within walking distance of London Eye, Big Ben, Westminster Abbey, Buckingham Palace, Trafalgar Square, and Waterloo and Charing Cross stations, and piers.Very friendly and helpful staff.Comfortable rooms, no frills hotel. Note: no airconditioning, no alarm clocks in rooms.	
Aug 10 2009 	great value for money in super location	This hotel is ideally located. It is right beside the London eye, minutes from big ben and short walks away from all the major locations. Other hotels may offer more, but I'm sure at a much greater price. Simple, no frills, for value for money this hotel cannot be beaten. I arrived with wife and 2 teeenagers. The room was immaculate and looked like it had been recently refurbished. All staff were extremely friendly and helpful. We included breakfast in our package and I'm pleased we did. Buffet style with all the usual options available and to a high standard. We also dined in the restaurant at evening and the quality of food and service was superb.	
Aug 9 2009	FantasticLocation. Family-Friendly base. Reliably clean and comfortable.	Having travelled to London 4th August 2009 with my two young daughters (7yrs and 9yrs) I was suddenly faced with the position of having no accommodation that night due to double-booking,(another story...) We were at The London Eye and I was able to go to the Premier Inn behind County Hall, to see if they could help. I received all help, attention. and suggestions for my case. My daughters have special needs preventing travel on the underground and so the staff shortlisted my options with Premier Inn.A lucky cancellation just at that moment meant that we were able to stay right there and I'm very glad we did. The main staff, I have to thank are Lennie and Eve who did a fantastic job and went out of their way to help. I noted that all the staff were courteous and always said 'Hello' with a smile.The room was very spacious, clean and comfortable, along with a pleasant view of the Southbank.. The bathroom again was surprisingly large, spotless and new? The beds were comfy and all mod cons were there and functioning. Only one small point, as another reviewer noted, the doors were extremely heavy and so needed a hard shove to open. My girls have weak limbs and wedged the bathroom door open with a towel! but it wasn't a problem...The management had already noted the heat and due to a lack of air conditioning, had provided fans. (my girls liked the Ben and Jerry's Ice-cream vending machine in the lift area)!The Location is ideal, as Westminster Bridge easily leads to many of the sights. Big Ben, The Thames and The London Eye all lit up on a warm evening takes some beating.Children were well catered for and ate breakfast for free.The dining room was busy, but it was efficiently run and the well cooked &amp; presented food just kept coming... A wide range of tastes catered for and as much as you like. fruit-salad and muffins for breakfast lovely!.As we left, we passed Lennie who immediately wanted to know that all had been well, very nice. We felt relaxed in a busy city and for this reasonable price , I can't wait to go back.	
Aug 7 2009 	It was so great in March I have booked again for a special Christmas 09 visit!	Sorry for late review, but having checked other opinions, wanted to add my thoughts.This is a wonderful hotel. The staff are quite the most friendly and helpful you will ever find - I have not had this level of attention in a 5 star! We are going back in December 09, and I am delighted to discover, that so far, everyone else who has stayed there seems to be of the same opinion!Wonderful location - I can't recommend it highly enough. It is within easy walking distance of theatre land and is so romantic, being right on the river, near Westminster Bridge and the London Eye is within one minutes stroll!It well exceeds its class and many so called &quot;luxury&quot; hotels could learn a heck of a lot from the Premier Inn County Hall.I wonder how the company generates this excellence in staff attitude and customer service, and if the manager of the hotel reads these reviews, I would be interested in how they do it and hope management pass on my sincere compliments to the staff. I am hoping it's because they are a good company to work for. Whatever it is - it is working!You will not regret your stay at the Premier Inn County Hall!	
Aug 7 2009 	Will definately return	Stayed here for 3 nights and have nothing but praise. Location was fantastic for all the sights, we could see the London Eye from our bedroom. You know what you are getting with a Travel Inn and yes, it can be a bit bland, but it takes the worry out. Very quiet considering the location and we ate at some of the eateries opposite the entrance. Good value for money.	
Aug 4 2009 	You won't find a better located or staffed family hotel in London!	Stayed 2 nights kids first real visit to London (although we have stayed here in the past). Room large and comfortable, good views across Thames and South Bank area (unexpected).Service Excellent every member of staff had a smile and greeting (unlike many of the more expensive hotels I,ve stayed in) special mention for Lenny who helped look after our bags on final day of stay (Free of charge). Breakfast better than the more expensive chains and once more service excellent and despite busy time no problems getting food or seated.Good transport very close pick up points for 'Original Bus Tours', 'Big Bus Tours' &amp; 'Duck Tours' as well as London buses and directly opposite Waterloo Station &amp; Tube also Taxi rank outside hotel. In same building are London Aquarium, McDonalds, London Eye and Marriot Hotel (much more expensive), plenty of bars and restaurants in vicinity (South Bank area lively). You can't go wrong especially in this price range.	
Aug 3 2009 	Brilliant	Travelled with husband and 6 year old daughter, booked through London Eye website. Hotel is in brilliant position, literally 2 mins from the London Eye, 5 mins from Waterloo underground station.Room was large and clean - spotless bathroom, comfy beds.Staff were really helpful and friendly.Able to drop bags off and go off for the day then check in later. Bar was nice - plenty of families staying there.Breakfast was outstanding! Loads of choice from hot cooked food to fresh friut and cereal - and you can have as much as you want! Tea, coffee and fruit juice on tap. Really good value for the money.Would stay again next time we hit London town.Go and see for yourselves..	
Aug 2 2009 	Location superb amenties sub par	Booked 2 family rooms for two nights. Rooms spacious, amenities hostel like, staff OK. However, we booked from the premier website where it lists premier hotels with amenties like AC and toiletries but this location was explained to us that since it was a historic building, it does not have AC and, with it being in a loud location (central to all), it was difficult to sleep. They gave us a few fans but did not apologize for the misadvertising. Bfast was good, the rooms were clean but for the money, Elsewhere bargains can be found with a little research. However, the location cannot be beat!! Love London and Love England!	
Aug 2 2009 	Fantastic Value	It's all been said before but I'm going to say it again. Fantastic value, great location, great breakfast and very friendly, hardworking and welcoming staff.This was our 5th time of staying here and we came away impresed as ever.Don't expect 5 star luxury : What you are getting here is excellent value for your pound at a UK chain in a very expensive city.If you can, ask for a room overlooking Jubilee gardens. The family room we had overlooking a courtyard to the back was extremely spacious but we were woken several mornings at 6am by the arrival of a skip. Closing the window helped but then we required the upright fan provided to be turned on to facilitate a welcome respite from the heat..We discussed this with a member of reception and she assured us she would have a word with security regarding skip delivery times an lo and behold no noise at 6am after that. It started nearer 8am.There is refurbishment going on at present and you probably wouldn't know it but for the board in reception. Disruption is at a minimum.I will report though that only 2 of the 3 lifts are in use at present.The County Hall's staircase should only really be used in case of fire so unless you ask about the stairs (we did) you have to take the lift. I sensed a few fustrations from people waiting several minutes for a lift only to find it full when it arrived.For this reason and this reason only County Hall Premier Inn gets four stars from us rather than the five we would have given it in the past. I can't wait to stay there after the refurbishment though.These gripes aside we would go back in an instant. Recommended? You bet!!	
Aug 2 2009 	Brilliant Location Friendly Staff Great Size Room Spotless and Excellent Value	I stay in London regularly with work in much more expensive chains than this and boy could they learn something about customer service from the staff here. Check in staff really friendly and efficient (never saw a queue at all) luggage room available. Room was spotlessly clean as were all the public areas and there was no noise either from outside or other guests.We travelled with young children (1 &amp; 5) booked a family room and ended up in rm 405 we could see the London Eye from the window just wasnt expecting a view for the £100 per night we paid. It was a large room by London standards at least 15m long king size bed single and cot with loads of space for the kids to let off steam.Breakfast was great loads of choice from fruits yoghurts fresh crioissants and cereals to the full English. It was a buffet but unlike many everything was hot and fresh. Costa coffee included.Around the county hall there were loads of other places to eat from McDonalds to a noodle bar and Italian opposite. There was also a grocers opposite for anything you forgot. Some vending machines in the hotel (food and costa coffee served til 11pm) but the Ben and Jerry's outside the lift is really naughty.What was nicest about here was the effort all the staff made to smile say hello and go the extra mile to make our stay a pleasant one things like making the kids some cereal at bedtime. Service value and quality were excellent which left more cash for the toy shops and Legoland!	
Jul 31 2009 	Top notch for location and really good hotel	Despite a slight quibble on checking in, where the attitude of the reception staff was ever so slightly off, we were very happy with our stay here. The whole place is in the middle of a refurb, but the disruption is minimal and the whole place feels clean and new. Initially our room was facing into the middle of the building which wasn't great and the sound generated in the middle was very loud (even for London) we were moved to a room overlooking the park and the London Eye and this was much better. You have to expect a constant background noise in this part of town, if this is a concern bring earplugs - but this is not the hotel's fault. We found that the location was superb for sightseeing. Within minutes we were strolling around Westminster, the South Bank etc and with a decent pair of shoes we didn't need the tube for being able to walk to tonnes of landmarks. There are a few bars and cafes near the hotel and the hotel bar stays open late, which is actually very useful as the bars that are near don't have a late licence. The breakfast is great, all you can eat and a good selection. Overall we wouldn't hesitate to stay here again when visiting London. Special mention also to Lennie the porter who seemed to take genuine pride in his job and made us feel very welcome indeed!	
Jul 22 2009 	Excellent Hotel fantastic location	We have recently returned to a trip to London and stayed at the Premier Inn, County Hall. My family consisted of myself and my husband and two children aged 12 and 13. What a great hotel. The location was superb, right by the London Eye and within easy walking distance of the West End and Covent Garden. We had a family room which consisted of a double bed, bed setee for one and a mattress which was laid out on the floor, Ideal for all of us and lots of room. The room was very clean with tea and coffee making facilities and the bathroom was spotless. Breakfast was all you could eat and was hot and fresh. The staff there were a credit to the company, they were all very helpfull and very friendly.	
Jul 13 2009 	Perfect - finally a family hotel!	Perfect location!Great room!Perfect price!Clean, comfortable and safeGreat Breakfast - Kids eat free.. Good bar, and good choice of wines.Would stay here anytime	
Jul 12 2009 	Great family hotel in London	Stayed here based on the good reviews I read on this site and I'm glad we did. Very convenient location right at the London Eye, a five minute walk across the bridge (with a stunning view of the Houses of Parliament and Big Ben) to the Westminster tube station, or a ten minute walk to Waterloo station (for the tube and train, which we traveled on to visit Hampton Court and Wimbledon. The two biggest tour bus companies have stops right around the corner from the hotel. The hotel staff was extremely friendly and always helpful (providing directions, printing out maps, etc.) Breakfast buffet was great (the croissants were terrific!) and a good value too because our two children ate free with two paying adults. The room was basic but functional and clean. This is no Hyatt or Marriott (which actually is in the same gargantuan County Hall building as the Premier Inn -along with London Aquarium, Dali museum, and other tourist attractions) but it's also half the price. Queen bed, single bed, and futon mattress on the floor were comfortable and suited our family of four just fine. The TV was very small and offered only a few channels, but we weren't in London to watch TV. Bathroom sink had separate hot (scalding, really) and cold faucets. The wall soap dispenser and shower gel dispenser felt a little institutional, but the shower was strong and hot water was always available. The bathroom door was self-closing, which I've never seen in a hotel before. There is nominal daily charge to use the room safe. There was only one working elevator the first day that we got there, but the second elevator was fixed the next day. The stairs are an easy option if the elevators are busy (though it's like stepping back in time, the stairwells are the original County Hall stairwells and haven't been renovated). Although the front of County Hall (where the London Eye is) is usually teeming with tourists, the back of the building (where the hotel is) faces a street that is closed to most traffic (access is only granted to cabs and a few authorized vehicles), so the area is quiet. There is a convenience store right across from the hotel as well as several restaurants just a minute's walk away (some examples: Locale, an excellent upscale Italian restaurant; Yo! Sushi, where you pick your selections off conveyor belts; Ned's Noodle Box, good Asian fast food, and there's even a Subway). Soft serve ice cream from the kiosks around the London Eye was a nice summer treat. In conclusion, the Premier Inn is a great budget hotel option for families looking to explore London.	
Jul 8 2009 	Great Location basic hotel	The location of this hotel is amazing, you could not ask for anything more central, you can walk almost anywhere in London from here and if not, it close to three tube stations. Hotel is basic, but clean. Stay is a bit hit and miss, night staff seemed to be more friendly than day staff.	
Jul 7 2009 	Perfect spot to see a lot	The hotel is by the Eye, close to Westminster Abey, Parliament, Waterloo StationBus tours. Easy access to Globe andTate Museum via bus	
Jul 6 2009 	Excellent stay despite the "view"!	We stayed at the Premier Inn County Hall on a Saturday night and had booked a family room. The online booking process was easy and having phoned to ask for a quiet room away from the lift I was pleased to see that we had been given exactly that.The check in experience was fine despite the receptionist having trouble with the computer system. The receptionist was friendly and chatted with my daughter; gave us information about breakfast and the location of the restaurant, and we made our way up to the room. I was expecting a much smaller room given the hotel's central location but it was a very spacious room, with a comfortable double bed and a sofa bed which had already been made up for our daughter.The room and bathroom were spotless (with the exception of the windows - but with good reason). The Premier Inn takes up the back of the former County Hall building and each side of the hotel faces into a deep courtyard with no visible access - hence the lack of view and dirty outside windows. If you peered out of the windows and upwards, you could see the sky and the top of the London Eye, but we hadn't booked the room for the view so weren't worried.Every member of staff we encountered was friendly and chatty. Everything in the room worked perfectly and we had plenty of bedding, loo rolls etc. so no need to ask for anything extra.We were out for most of the afternoon and hadn't realised how close the hotel is to Waterloo station and underground, which was a bonus - only 5 minutes walk. You could also walk to Westminster Bridge within a few minutes and therefore had easy access to Westminster, the Houses of Parliament etc. The London Eye and London Aquarium are based at County Hall itself so are within a minute's walk.We were eating at The Ritz that night for a special birthday so didn't dine in the hotel. Finding a taxi was no problem, if you turn left out of the main entrance of the hotel there are taxis waiting.We had a very quiet and comfortable night, and weren't disturbed by noise from any other room, despite the hotel being full. Premier Inn do offer you a night's money back if anything at the hotel causes you to have a bad night's sleep but the only thing that woke us was a thunderstorm!Breakfast the next morning was fantastic. We paid £7.95 for each adult but children under 16 eat free, and the breakfast is a full buffet &quot;eat as much as you like&quot; system. The food was delicious, great variety, hot, tasty and freshly cooked, and even the coffee was good. We had so much food we found we didn't need lunch that day.We only had one problem and that was the lack of lifts. One of the lifts was being refurbished and there was no indication where the stairs were, so all the guests were using two lifts. This meant that we waited almost 15 minutes for a lift to get down to breakfast on Sunday morning which was a nuisance. One would hope that when the refurbishment is completed things will improve but it would have been very helpful if the stairs had been signposted so that those who were able could have used them.Check out was painless and quick and I'd definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Jun 29 2009 	Wonderful Experience!	I stayed at this hotel with my 16 year old son. The location can't be beat. Waterloo station is right around the corner which was great for our trips to Windsor and Hampton Court. The staff was very pleasant and very helpful. The beds were wonderful!! There was a large selection of items for breakfast, but as other posters stated, stay away from the scramble eggs. I will definitely be back again.	
Jun 29 2009 	Basic hotel staff helpful but some hotel quirks	The room was basic. We found the staff very helpful, but agree the breakfast was way too expensive and since we stayed 4 days boring as it is the same everyday. Also had to have 2 rooms as Premier counts over age 15 as an adult and you cannot have 3 adults per room. Had to go downstairs to ask staff questions as phone in room doesn't have in-hotel contact information. Great location by London Eye. ( Unfortunatley couldn't view it from our room.) We walked many places from here.	
Jun 28 2009 	Pay a little extra and stay in a proper hotel	Poorly signposted has issues with the safe and arranging a taxi.The manager said we would receive a refund or the safe purchase and a letter suprisingly none received.Rooms too hot no air conditioning.Cost 120 er night room only so not even cheap	
Jun 28 2009	Great beds!	This Premier Inn does what is says on the adverts - I wanted to take the bed home it was so comfortable. Great hotel, best service have received in a UK hotel and ideal location. It was worth paying a little bit more than other hotels we looked at. 5 minutes walk from Westminster and the underground there, about 10-15 mins to Trafalger Square. We also walked to the Imperial War Museum, about 20 minutes away.	
Jun 27 2009 	Great affordable hotel in London	We ended our two week vacation in the UK with 3 nights at the Premier Inn on Belvedere Rd. right beside the London Eye. We made our way easily to the hotel after returning our rental car to Heathrow. Took Tube from Heathrow to Hammersmith and switched over to the District Line and got off at Westminster and walked over the Westminster Bridge and over to the Hotel. We were able to leave our luggage locked safely at the hotel since we arrived before check-in. The staff was very courteous, and we returned after some productive initial London sightseeing to check in at the time promised. You are close to everything and two major Tube stations (Westminster and Waterloo) and major bus routes so everything is easy to travel to. The breakfast is great (they even had vegetarian sausages!). If you have kids under a certain age you would be crazy not to eat there before heading out sightseeing because they offer &quot;kids eat free under 16&quot; per adult. All staff were great and the room was clean and tidy. This is an ideal hotel to base yourself in to explore central London easily and affordably. Would stay there again.	
Jun 23 2009 	Fantastic Hotel - Right next to the London Eye	We had a brilliant weekend in London stayed at Premier Inn, which is right next to the London Eye. This hotel ticked all the right boxes. Clean and spacious rooms, fantastic full english breakfast, buffet style, eat as much as you like. We also ate there in the evening before going to a show, and the meal was really delicious and plenty of it.. The staff were so helpful and very courteous.	
Jun 19 2009 	Can't wait to stay here again!!	I took my daughter on a whirlwind European vacation in celebration of her 16th birthday and London was the second stop on our trip. We stayed at 5 different hotels during the course of our two-week vacation and the Premier Inn London County Hall was hands down our favorite hotel. The others did not even compare, though nearly all the others were comparable in price. The room size was great, beds extremely comfortable (my daughter said it's the only bed our whole trip she got a good night's sleep on), the outside noise was minimal, the staff was very friendly and helpful, and the breakfast was the best, yet again, of all the hotels we stayed at (definitely worth the money and a steal if you have kids under 16). The location was phenomenal - literally right at the London Eye and just across the Thames from Big Ben, Westminster Abbey, Houses of Parliament, in County Hall where there are many other attractions and restaurants of all price ranges, and exceedingly convenient to London transportation, both the Tube and buses. I don't think there would be a better location for a hotel in the heart of London than this. It allowed us to get quickly and easily to all the other sights we wanted to see, Buckingham Palace, Shakespeare's Globe Theater, Trafalgar Square. They do offer high-speed internet in your room, but it has to be purchased and at the time of our stay it was 12 GBP for 24 hours. It was worth it for us so I purchased it for two days and it worked well. I would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to stay in the heart of it all in London (with the exception of anyone who wants isolation or seclusion - but then if you want that, why would you come to London?). My daughter and I can't wait to go back to London and will definitely stay at the Premier Inn London County Hall again!!	
Jun 18 2009 	Fantastic Trip to London and helped that hotel was very central	After a recommendation, I booked this premier inn (family room)as it was very close to all the major tourist attractions. Myself, my sister and 2 teenage daughters were visiting London to attend the Jonas Brothers concert at Wembley Arena. We thought while we were there that we would do the 'tourist sites' as we had never visited London before.The hotel for us was perfect as it was in a safe location, quiet, very close to London Eye, Bus Tours, Westminster &amp; Waterloo underground stations, Big Ben, etc, etc.The staff also stored our luggage as we arrived before our room was ready. The reception staff were very helpful, with maps, information, etc. Breakfast was fantastic, eat as much as you want and very good quality food. Big bonus is that under 16s eat free with a full paying adult - so it was perfect for us.My only gripe would be that there was no free internet access - even if they had free access for 15 mins or so, enough time to check e-mails etc. You have to insert your credit card and you are charged per minute. Not a good idea when you have teenagers with you!!All in all, I would certainly go back to this Premier Inn if I was visiting London and would certainly recommend it to friends.	
Jun 17 2009 	Perfect and affordable ideal base for exploring	For the price, this hotel is great. The rooms are basic but large which is unusual for London, and have private baths. Also very clean, and actually very quiet. Right by the London Eye and Westminster Bridge, it is very central. The hotel is in the back side of the County Hall so there are no river views, but that keeps it cheap. Adding the buffet breakfast is a good move if you start early, though it can get crowded. From the hotel you can easily walk to Westminster or Charing Cross, and Waterloo station is nearby to give you full access to the Tube and several train lines. We found it to be perfect for our family, and next time we're in London we'll stay here again as we still have lots to see.	
Jun 16 2009 	Cheap but functional 	Well what do you expect from a centrally located hotel? It was cheap and my expectations were met! Bed was comfy, room OK but dark, no air condtioning ( packed up), shower OK, TV Ok but the plus was the breakfast which was ample but avoid the scrambled eggs.Shabby hotel but apparently having a face lift - lets hope so and that the prices remain the same	
Jun 16 2009 	Cheap Clean Safe Central	Good budget ( for London) accommodation. Pretty standard Premier Inn stuff. Clean room, with en suite bathroom. There is a bar and restaurant, breakfast not included, so the cost for breakfast is an exorbitant £7.95. The location is fabulous, right next to Westminster Bridge , the London Eye, Waterloo Sation and a short stroll from all the South Bank attractions. The room had good facilities, WI FI ( not free though) a TV, tea and coffee, hairdryer and a safe for your valuables ( again not free and you have to organise first with reception, if you can get them to answer the telephone.) The hotel was short staffed when we stayed so all calls to reception went unanswered. Front of house staff were friendly and helpful although quite clearly they were under some pressure. I would recommend this hotel for those wishing to just find relatively cheap accommodation in central London that isn't a hostel. It does the job just fine for a place to sleep if you are spending all day out of the hotel and don't want or need 4 / 5 star luxury or prices.	
Jun 11 2009 	perfect location	Stayed here May 24th to go and see Girls Aloud in concert, never thought about staying in Premier Inns before this was my 2nd time and is great! the location is the most convenient I have ever stayed in London. The bed was amazingly comfortable, and breakfast was well worth the £8, and forgot to say staff were very helpful.Have re-booked for next month: - )	
May 31 2009 	Perfect Location for our first visit to London	The Premier Inn County Hall was a perfect choice for our first trip to London. The location was perfect for getting about. The bus stop was just around the corner and Waterloo station just a few minutes away. The London Eye was right outside and it was within walking distance to most major sites including Big Ben, Trafalgar Square and Buckingham Palace. The buffet breakfast was well worth the £7.95 (kids free) and filled us up till tea time. All staff were friendly and helpful. Rooms were clean and comfy. An ideal hotel for exploring London	
May 30 2009	A compromise but a good one	I normally prefer not to stay at generic chain hotels, and wouldn't have thought I'd give one five-stars. But this is London, and when it comes to accommodation you can't have it all. Price. Comfort. Location. Style. In London you're lucky to get two. Here, you get two and a half.The location is exceptional for a tourist to London. Proximity to Waterloo give you four different underground lines and useful trains to Kew Gardens and Hampton Court. But mostly, every morning when you leave the hotel, there's the London Eye to greet you, with broad views across the Thames. To the left and across the bridge, and you're at Westminster. To the right and across the bridge, and there's Charing Cross. And the hotel itself is very quiet, since it's on a traffic-free street.It also wins on comfort. London is famous for rooms the size of a closet. These rooms are good size, no complaints at all. The beds are comfortable doubles, even in the single room. The double rooms have a comfortable day bed, accomodating three I'd presume. But don't expect much for amenities, as it is a Premier Inn.Finally there's price. If it weren't London, I'd say it was a rip-off. It was about 120 pounds when I stayed. But it could definitely have been worse, and I don't think it gets much better while staying in a good neighborhood (for touristic purposes) unless you want a closet-sized room.Breakfast is 8 pounds and decent, except that the scrambled eggs are clearly powdered, and if it's busy they fall behind restocking.	
May 27 2009 	Great hotel great location	This is a really good find in the heart of london. Really good value, very good size room for central london. Good restaurant, friendly staff, excellent location	
May 24 2009 	Absolutely location perfect	Not the cheapest ,certainly not the dearest but the location was ideal,we could walk to where ever we needed to,the Tube was 5 mins. away if required,the hop on-off bus is 3 mins away.Rooms are clean and spacious enough,the breakfast buffet was quite sufficient,I suggest eating in the Pubs they are cheaper and the food is great,The London eye is outside the Hotel ,book on-line,miss the que's have a champagne and enjoy the great sights.Big Ben,House of Commons a min away,we walked to the Old Vic to watch Billy Elliot everything very close.	
May 23 2009 	Highly recommend	We spent one night here. Was 2 mins walk from waterloo tube station (main entrance). Its RIGHT next the london eye with fabulous views over the river to parliament. We were able to walk from the hotel in the west end/trafalgar square, very easily, so the location was really convenient. And when we came back at night Big ben and the eye were all lit up. The room itself was fine, usual premier inn standard. Spotlessly clean. The girls at reception couldnt be more helpful and welcoming. What more could you ask?	
May 21 2009 	Overall - reasonable a couple of problems though.	We stayed here for 2 nights in May 09 with our two year old, and we had a mixed experience. We have stayed in a lot of Premier Inns across the UK, and this one rated as mediocre by comparison.The positives for this hotel are as previous reviews state: its location and its well-trained, friendly and efficient staff.Check in was quick, despite a group booking being checked in concurrently. The hotel was spotless throughout  including rooms.Wifi available in rooms - £12 for 24 hours.£160/night (not inc. Breakfast) may well be a good rate for London, but not if you are woken up by noisy and inconsiderate guests.Our main problem was that we were put in a room on the same floor as a party of teenage girls. They woke us up at 11pm, and the noise of doors banging, TVs, hairdryers, screaming, chatting etc carried on til 12.30am. We complained to Reception, who said they would look into it, but didnt. In the end we banged on the door of one of our neighbours to ask them to tone it down. Alas, too late, we were awake and so was our two year old! (She then slept for most of the next day, which hampered our sight-seeing). This problem would not have happened had staff allocated us a room away from the group booking  an easy solution. The next day we were moved to a different room, and our second night was fine.We asked for a refund for the first night, and were told we would get it  however, we havent received it as yet. The rooms are looking a little tired; however, a member of staff told us that all rooms will be refurbished by October 2009.Breakfast is full self-service and was not as good a standard as other Premier Inns we have experienced. The sausages were greasy, the scrambled egg looked unappetising and there was no cheese. However, the mushrooms were fresh, the fried eggs were reasonable, and there was a good selection of yoghurts, and cereals, along with warm croissants and a selection of fruit juice. On the second morning, it was pretty busy at Breakfast, there was a queue to get into the restaurant; the staff seemed stretched, and were rushing around. It was also a bit hazardous with so many guests going back and forth with hot drinks/plates of food and so on. It certainly was not a relaxed meal!To conclude, friendly staff are hard to come by, and the staff at this hotel do work very hard; with the forthcoming renovations in mind, and the good location, I would stay again; but I would request a room away from any groups!	
May 18 2009 	Special birthday treat	My family treated me to a week-end in London for a special birthday. My friend and I really felt we were welcomed by the reception staff and found all the staff in the Hotel very polite and friendly and nothing seemed to be too much trouble. It was a pleasure to stay at the County Hall and it is so well situated for getting around London.Many thanks to all staff members.	
May 9 2009 	Nothing new to add to previous reviews	So I ask myself why write a review. Another glowing report will just make it more popular and more difficult/expensive next time I wish to stay. But that would be selfish. For a large hotel the staff are so friendly and helpful. Obviously well trained. breakfast excellent for the price, room clean and tidy. Location excellent. We will certainly stay here again.	
May 9 2009 	Mixed feelings.	The best thing about Premier Inn County Hall, as so many have mentioned, is the location. I got the best delight arriving in central London at night. Imagine taking a tube from the airport and arriving at Westminster station. Find the correct exit, go up a flight of stairs to be faced with London Eye. Go up another half flight and Big Ben is right there chiming away. Welcome to London! No better welcome than this. At about 9pm on a Saturday night, the walk from the station to the hotel just across the bridge was a pleasant and buzzling stroll (some carts selling light snacks or souvenirs).The hotel is pleasant and I agree with most what others had said about it. However, for the price I would hope that there was a better bathroom door (not as heavy), better furnishings (I personally hate those cheap light-coloured boards) and better sink (need to turn on two taps at the same time to get some warm water). Oh, and for the not too cheap price I paid I was surprised that no toothbrush and such was provided. I am not a luxury traveller and can accept that Travelodge does not provide those amenities but the two should be a different category considering the price difference.The service at frontdesk is friendly and fine but with nightmare stories I read about other hotels I think Premier Inn must have made the grade fairly well. Especially when taken into account a staff I met on the last day. Nothing was too much trouble for him. We asked him too many questions but he gladly and readily answered them. He took initiative on several things out of our expectations even though it was obvious he had many other things to tend to. When checking out, he insisted on helping us with our luggages (those luggage-unfriendly stairs I'll say). So Lenny, thank you. And I bet I am not the only one to say that you are the best.This is an excellent place for first timers to London however I still feel that it's a little overpriced for what it is.	
May 6 2009 	Just what we needed.	After flying in from Prague, and dealing with a poor customer service, the Premier Inn was a nice change of pace. The friendly people in the hotel were amazing. We were always asked &quot;are you okay?&quot; &quot;Do you need anything?&quot; We ate at the bar once and had drinks there on another occasion. The food was quite good for hotel food and the cost wasn't too bad. The location was fabulous. The tube is so close but we only took it a few times because we enjoyed walking everywhere. (Granted, we were only in London 3 days).You'll probably need to request more towels, as there was only one is our double room.The breakfast was wonderful! A lot to choose from.One problem with our stay was upon check-out we asked for them to call us a cab and needed one that took credit cards. They told us we needed to go to the Waterloo Station to do this. I wasn't happy with this and I was unclear why this would be so difficult to arrange. We ended up dragging our bags across the streets of London in search of a cab. Not a very good ending to an otherwise nice trip to London. The only other problem I could see....the interent connection was pricey and you enen had to pay to use the safe. I don't know when I have seen that before? Overall, I would recommend and I would go back.	
Apr 29 2009 	Excellent Location in Central London for Families	The location was excellent, within walking distance to lots of attractions. Easy walking distance to Waterloo station for trains and Underground. Even though so central, hotel was quiet at night. Breakfast was good. Room was comfortable and spacious. One double bed, one single bed and a single mattress on floor. Room was large enough to take another proper single bed instead of mattress on floor. Restaurant in hotel had good variety of meals for parents and children. Staff all very friendly and helpful.	
Apr 28 2009 	Nothing Special	Location was very near Waterloo Tube station. Room was good size for London but offered not even the basic toiletries. It was a triple room but we continuously had to ask for three bath towels as they'd only leave two. I'd look elsewhere next time.	
Apr 25 2009 	BRILLIANT	Fantastic location. 5 mins from London Waterloo. Right beside London Eye. Lovely and clean and staff were great. Bar prices were pretty reasonable. Will be staying again when in London thats for sure	
Apr 23 2009 	SoSo	This hotel has a couple things going for it and the rest is real so-so. First the good. It is located in a very good area close to some of the atttractions, mind you however, not all of the attractions. Once you've seen Big Ben, Westminster Abbey, the Parliment and the London Eye, the location is not that great anymore. Taking-in those sights does not take that long, you see them and then go. You will then use the Tube to go anywhere else, including just to find a nice resturaunt. Nevertheless the hotel is inexpensive considering this location. My daughter did look out her window to see the London Eye going around, so its kind of a novelty being that close, even though it really doesn't help limit the number of &quot;Tube&quot; trips needed to get around.The staff was very helpful when it comes to getting what you need as far as rooms and anemities. The rooms themselves however are very bland, small ,and not very well equipped. The housekeeping was minimal and at times kind of humerous, as in the way the beds were made. Cleanliness, while not horrible, was not very good. Would I recommend this hotel to anyone? Yes, but only because the novelty of the location is great for first time London visitors and the cost is good considering this.	
Apr 19 2009 	Excellent hotel for the money	I have stayed here on a number of occasions now. The hotel is 'typical' Premier Inn, which is no bad thing. This basically means it is clean, warm, welcoming and does what it says on the tin.The staff are always friendly and welcoming. The rooms are always clean (although the views are not much usually!). The restaurant is clean and welcoming with reasonably priced food for both individuals and families alike. The restaurant service is good and never rushed.I stay in many hotels in London, many at a higher price than this one. However, I always try to stay here when I can get a room as it is well priced, in a good location and, most importantly, clean, warm and welcoming.	
Apr 14 2009 	The best place to stay in London	Awesome hotel in the perfect place. Close to the London Eye and all heart of London attractions. Easy to get to as it is only 1 block from Waterloo Station. Rooms were nice and spacious, but a little sparsely funished. Staff was friendly and the breakfasts were huge and inexpensive (kids eat for free). Not many restaurants in the area.	
Apr 14 2009 	Very happy with our choice.	You say you'd like to stroll along the Thames River in the evening and watch the sun set as Big Ben chimes in the background? Then this is the hotel for you! Besides the great County Hall location next to the London Eye and easy access to two tube stations, the hotel is reasonably-priced and roomy by London standards, serves a great buffet breakfast in the restaurant, and is staffed by friendly people. I'd love to stay there again.	
Apr 14 2009 	Great for Families	Terrific location next to London Eye and Westminster Bridge, on the South Bank with lots of activity for all ages. Walkable to 2 Tube stations. Large room easily slept our family with room to relax. Great breakfast buffet. Drawbacks: Go elsewhere for dinner--we had a torturous wait for food. Also, don't count on hotel staff for info about London attractions (such as time of changing of guards)	
Apr 13 2009 	Great Value	Great Value - Very well located for Sightseeing. Nice staff who are genuinely friendly. would go back and would recommend to others. Need to book in advance as others know it's good value!	
Apr 3 2009 	Perfect for families	Our family of 4 loved the Premier Inn. Sometimes the buffet breakfast (kids eat free) was our best meal of the day and definitely the best food value in London. I think the County Hall location is a perfect tourist starting point. We took the Big Bus one day and there is a stop right there. We also did lots of walking and it is a nice central spot. The room was not big. We were wall to wall with beds and mattresses, so we just slept there and did not hang out. The room was super clean and felt very new. I also liked that there was a minimart just across the street for buying kids snacks and a couple restaurants. The neighborhood felt safe at night with lots of tourists wandering around the London Eye.	
Apr 1 2009 	A credit to 'budget' hotels - My first choice for a London break	The hotel is situated just a few minutes walk from Waterloo underground station. So it is easy to find and access. The front of the hotel is on a quieter street than i imagined, right next to the London Eye. If you can see the Eye in the distance you have found your hotel!This was my first stay in a Premier Inn and it will not be my last. I was impressed with what you get for your money. London hotels are not cheap! So if you are happy with no frills this is the one for you and at the end of the day we sent very little time in the room, as there is so much to see.Cabs, bus routes and alot of the major sight seeing attractions are within an easy walk or tube ride awayThe staff here were a credit everyone said hello as they passed, provided all info without prompting. The restaurant/breakfast staff were better than i have had in many normal restaurants. A good selection of reasonably price food (lovely desserts!)I can't fault them.The rooms are no frills, but our room was huge for the two of us and a nice comfy king size bed was spot on with very little noise from other rooms or outside. Huge dresser/desk and seating area.There is a luggage room to leave your bags before you check in/after you check out.We liked the security feature that the lifts are operated by your room key card, so only guests can move around the hotel. Which made us feel more secure. Generally i felt safe here and will be returning....**I would recommend purchasing an Oyster card for the tube I paid £15 and that was more than enough for 3 days travel. Journeys after 6.30pm seemed to be free tooAny westend show is highly recommended and try the main attractions such as Madame Tussauds and judge for yourself. All excellent in my opinon BUT book online or in advance to fast track the queues. Look out for deals and special offers. There is no need to pay full price. I think we benefited from going out of peak season. Very few queues.	
Mar 28 2009	Excellent and welcoming to large groups	Hotel was extremely welcoming to our large group, family rooms were airy and roomy with high ceilings, clean and modern bathrooms with plenty of hot water, towel warmers, and hair dryers provided in rooms. Also provided pots to heat water and tea in room. Kindly allowed us to select from the larger tea selection in the dining room and carry back to the rooms or even a cup of coffee at no extra charge (our group had the full breakfast daily however). We did arrange in advance to enjoy breakfast as soon as they were open daily, and they saw to it sufficient food was available fresh and hot on the buffet for our arrival of 30 + people. Bathrooms were shiney and clean daily, towels were large and fresh, none of this small towels and tepid water in tiny rooms we'd been warned of. Location was excellent, lots of family friendly restaurants in the near area, convenience store across the road with fairly reasonable prices, and easy landmark right next door (London Eye) in case any of our group got separated.	
Mar 25 2009 	London with ease!	I stayed here twice and was very impressed. The location is superb, indeed the London Eye can be seen from the corridor windows (and I mean up close). Waterloo (one of the main stations for trains and tube links) is a 5 minute walk away, Trafalgar Sq. 10 mins. Rooms are clean always, comfortable and roomy. Staff are extremely helpful and friendly, I would recommend this to anyone! We ate once at the restaurant, the food was reasonably priced and nice! The rates are also reasonable, similar to those of other chain hotels such as the express holiday inn.	
Mar 25 2009 	Perfect place for a London visit. Exceptional staff great location.	Visited with my 2 daughters and was impressed by the staff. Had read previous reviews so knew it was in a busy neighborhood, but that's what happens when you're in the heart of everything. I can't say enough good things about the staff. They made us feel welcome and cared for. The rooms were clean enough that even I was comfortable. I manage vacation rentals for a living and know what to look for. There were the usual misses - dust on the hinges on the bathroom door and fire sprinklers, but those are minor compared to other places I've been. Again, the staff made it all worth it. Plus it is within walking distance of enough sites that we rarely needed to take transportation. All in all, I highly recommend it and will stay there again.	
Mar 25 2009 	Fantastic!	We're from Australia and went to UK to visit my parents. We had stayed here a few years ago and decided to treat my parents to a trip to London and booked this hotel. This time we paid for breakfast. We had 2 family rooms, the cost was 109 GBP each, the rooms were basic (no fridge, we put our drinks in the double glazed windows), it's so reasonable because there are no fancy extras and we could not fault the superb friendly service, the buffet breakfast for 7.50GPB is the best I've had anywhere, and I've stayed in posh places!! We stayed a night at Manchester Travel lodge before our flight home.... now that's a different story..... Premier Inn all the way!	
Mar 24 2009	Fantastic location-thanks to trip advisor L.Collins Tipperary.Ireland	My husband and I and our teenage daughter have just returned from a 4 day trip to London. We chose this hotel after reading the reviews on trip advisor and we were delighted with the choice. It has a fantastic location, so many places were within walking distance. We walked to Picadilly Circus and Leister Square, and to Buckingham Palace,we strolled along the South Bank at night under the London eye. This was our best trip to London ever. The main purpose of our visit was to go to 2 Shows in the West End- they were both brilliant ( Phantom of the Opera and Wicked) and it was such a treat to stroll home in the moonlight. We were also very lucky with the weather! The Breakfast in the hotel was excellent value, with a great selection to choose from and children under 16 ate free. The photographs on the Premier Inn website were an excellent indication of what food was on offer. The Staff were really friendly and always greeted us and smiled when we met them on the corridor. The rooms were not luxury but were very spacious and had everything anyone could want on a trip-clean beds, fresh towels daily, tea/coffee making facilities, hairdryer and even a heated towel rail in the bathroom(also no problem when we requested extra pillows!). WE had piping hot water day and night ( something that is often absent in some more expensive London Hotels!). I can't wait to visit London to stay in this superb location again as soon as I get the opportunity and I will be recommending it to all my friends as an ideal location for sightseeing etc. Big Ben is just accross the river and the London eye is so near that you can keep an eye on the queue and visit when it's quiet. Well done Premier Inn County Hall! See you again soon.	
Mar 22 2009 	Quieter than you could believe	This hotel is in the heart of London only yards from the London Eye but you would not know it. Once in my room it was so quiet you would think you are on the moon.The hotel is contained within County Hall which is a massive old structure and as a result has real floors so you cannot hear people above, below or even in the corridor outside unless they are shouting, certainly you cannot hear footsteps. As a result I had one of the best nights sleep for ages.Check in was efficient and within a couple of minutes I was in my room. Rooms are standard Premier Inn fair with no aircon but were spotlessly clean.I also dined in the restaurant which is more pub fair than top restaurant but the food was good and well presented. This Premier Inn also has a licenced bar.This venue provides a great centre to explore London and I may return with the family later this year.This hotel is not suitable for disabled as there are 15 steps to enter the reception and being an old building I am not sure there is anything they could do to solve this.	
Mar 21 2009 	Great hotel and location!	Spent 4 nights here early March on a Mother/Daughter trip. Daughter's first time to London. We could not be more pleased. Arrived early and they happily stored our luggage while we went sight seeing. Had reserved a twin room and were pleasantly surprised with a double bed and a single bed. Both very comfortable. The room was very large and had all the necessities. There were no extra frills but we didn't need them. We really enjoyed the breakfast every day and the complimentary newspaper. The staff were the most friendly and helpful I have come across in a long while. Loved being so close to the London Eye and Westminster. Waterloo station was just down the street and there were bus stops at the corner. We could not have chosen a better place to stay for our trip and I would definitely stay there again.	
Mar 18 2009 	Ideal Location for Family Trip to London	My wife and I took our 2 kids (aged 6 and 3) on a weekend break to London and the Premier Inn, County Hall proved to be an ideal base for us. We arrived on Saturday shortly before lunch and dropped our bags off before heading out for the afternoon. The staff at reception were very friendly and helpful giving us lots of info on things to do and places to eat.The room itself was a nice size with a sofa bed with full size single mattress and a second pull out mattress providing comfortable sleeping accommodation for the 2 kids. The hotel itself is located on a quiet street which meant that we got a good nights sleep. This was an extra bonus for a hotel based in central London.We ate breakfast in the hotel both mornings. There was a great selection of food to suit both the adults and the kids. On our second morning, my son was not feeling well and the restaurant staff were most helpful, offering to send up food to the room if we needed it.The location of the hotel couldn't be better. It is situated within easy walking distance of 2 tube stations (Waterloo and Westminster). The London Eye and London Aquarium are just around the corner. The London bus tours and duck tours both stop nearby also. I would definitely recommend a stroll along the riverbank as a good way of passing an afternoon. There is always plenty to see and do. There are some nice, family-friendly restaurants within minutes of the hotel too so you don't have to go too far to grab a bite to eat.I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a good base for a London break. If you are looking for a high-end luxury base, this isn't it. However, if you want somewhere in a good location, with friendly staff, good facilities on your doorstep and a comfortable room, then this is the hotel for you.	
Mar 17 2009 	Great Location - Clean - Good Value - Friendly Staff	This is our second stay in a Premier Inn since it was 're-branded'.The staff were really friendly and helpful without being over the top.The hotel was clean and the sel-service breakfast was excellent.Ideally located in Westminster and the bar after our night out at the theatre was welcoming.Great value - well worth the price.	
Mar 15 2009 	What a value and location!	Located in a great spot, right next to The London Eye and in the same building as a much more expensive Marriott. Very helpful and friendly staff. Nice restaurant and bar for meeting friends that were with us on the trip. Close to Starbucks, restaurants and Parliament. Rooms are sparse but clean and comfortable. Will stay there again.	
Mar 10 2009 	Best value	I just returned from London (my wife + teenager daughter), spending a weekend there using this hotel. We've booked a family room including breakfast (kids under 16 free).Location: Adjacent to London Eye (50 yards south-west of it) nearest tube station is Waterloo. When arriving using the tube, follow the directions to the South Bank as this will save you some walking and wondering through the streets of London. If you exit at the south bank entrance (or go down the bridge nearby) you go right down the street (west) and turn right at the corner (north, towards the London Eye, in front of you) and then left again.Staff: Very welcoming, friendly and helpful. They assisted us a few times and tried to their best. Note the free luggage room to store your belonging on your last day if needed.Room: Big enough (family room), can easily accommodate 4 people. Clean, beds are comfortable as promised. Bathroom small but OK with basic shampoo and soap dispensers and a heated towel rack. The room has basic minimal furniture (e.g., one chair, one drawer). No safe deposit box. Heater controlled by guests (I've been in london hotels in which the heating was on only 19-23 controllable by front desk only or where a motion detector has been installed to shut down electricity and heating!!!). WiFi in the rooms for 10 pounds a day (didn't use this option) but a better option is to use the 2 computers in the business area near the lobby (20p/min) - used this option and worked perfectly.Breakfast: Very good choice although oriented towards a English style one. You'll have scrambled eggs with sausages but no cheese selection or any other fresh vegetables besides cooked tomatoes... but you can compensate this with a wide selection of cereals, fruits, yogurts, jam, bread and muffins. An excellent espresso/cappuccino machine (2), juices and a wide variety of teas. No chocolate milk for the kids (2 pounds extra if you are really into it). Breakfast area is nice and cozy.Bar/Dinner: Used them twice - sat near the bar and ordered Pizzas and some drinks. A very good option if too tired or the weather discourages you.Location: Already mentioned the London Eye and the Tube. 15 minute walk to the theater area, Big Ben and other areas reachable by foot as well. Excellent quick walk restaurant options on the south bank. There are some fast food options in front of the hotel including Starbucks.Another tip - when arriving from Heathrow Airport, use the Piccadilly Line and change at Green Park for Jubilee (South Direction). The tube in general is the cheapest way to travel from Heathrow and convinent enough if you travel light and know how to hold a suitcase (not suitable for young children).Bottom line - best choice I've ever made for a London family trip. I've stayed in London many times and this is probably one of the best choices (for ~110 pounds a night). You may also consider the Premier Inn at Kings Cross if this one is fully booked (10 pounds cheaper).	
Mar 3 2009 	great value and brilliant location	just come back from a weekend break, you cannot fault this hotel for the price, ok its not the savoy but you know that anyway ,the location is great within walking distance to all the tourist areas, we booked a family room for 4 it had a large double bed, a sofa bed and a matress on the floor but had no complaints from the kids about there beds. the breakfasts were great we took the full breakfast option, but if you just want a continental breakfast you can have that for 2.95, all the staff were very friendly always have a smile and a hello. i can recomend a trip on the eye and we watched lion king which was brilliant, we also went to the london aquarium which is undergoing a refurb so i would give that a miss till it is completed	
Mar 2 2009 	Great for Families	Great location, no frills hotel for our family of four. Our room consisted of one queen bed and two single beds. The room was basic and simple but adequate for our needs. Our time in London was perfect. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Feb 27 2009 	Good budget Hotel in an excellent location.	The County Hall Premier Inn is perfectly located next to the London Eye, a short walk away from Big Ben &amp; The Houses of Parliament. It is good value for money, considering it's location.The staff are very pleasant and polite, providing a first rate service.Our room was clean and quiet, with a comfortable bed and adequate en suite facilities. It was basic, but for the price, it was worth it. If you want luxury - try The Dorchester !The breakfast is quite varied and worth the price for London. However, neither of us were struck on the restaurant in the evening. The service was slow, and when the food arrived, the vegetables were cold. This should not detract from the overall positive review this Hotel deserves.	
Feb 24 2009 	Staff are absolutely excellent very friendly and helpful	Stayed here for two nights with our 8 &amp; 13 year olds. Room was very clean. The breakfast was fresh and plentiful and the kids ate free which was a great bonus in London. The location is excellent we had a great stay and got to do lots of sight seeing. We arrived at the hotel at about 1.30pm and the room was ready (despite it being busy and half term holidays). We were able to check in straight away and then go off for the day. We only ate breakfast in the hotel as we wanted to explore London, but all of the public areas were clean and pleasant. We left our bags in luggage store on our last day the staff were really helpful, and the hotel had a &quot;secure&quot; feel to it you need a room card to gain entry to the lifts. We have stayed all over the country but I most say that this is a very decent hotel at a very decent price its not flash but more than adequate for a couple of nights bed and breakfast and some of the more &quot;up market&quot; plusher hotels could learn a lot from the service standards and the fantastic staff attitude they are a real credit to the hotel. 5* treatment at 3* prices.	
Feb 20 2009 	Above Average for a Premier Inn	Stayed here with my fiancé for a long weekend and would definitely return. Whilst it's not the cheapest Premier Inn available in London the location and service made it worth the few extra GBP.We arrived before &quot;official&quot; check in time and asked if a room was ready - it was and we checked in with no hassle at all. The hotel is brilliantly located on the South Bank, next door to the Dali Universe and right next to the London Eye. Opposite the Eye and also in the County Hall building is the relatively new &quot;Movieum&quot; - a small museum covering the British Film Industry. Staying with the Media theme, the BFI IMAX is about five minutes walk away. Waterloo station is a couple of minutes on foot as well.Hotel has a fairly good sized bar and restaurant and full English all-you-can-eat buffet breakfast is available at the usual £7.50 supplement, so quite pricey unless you really make the most of it!Great staff, very clean throughout and the added security benefit of having to have access to a room keycard before you can get into the elevator makes it a very pleasant, safe place to stay. Was slightly hesitant when booking as the PI website warned that as it was a city hotel, some street noise could be experienced but never heard a thing!	
Feb 17 2009 	excellent value	Having previously stayed at the Tower Bridge Hilton, a move a mile or so down the south bank inevitably resulted in comparisons.So obviously there is less glitz,brighter colours,and cheaper fittings,but the professional attittude of the staff is absolutely the equal and coupled with the combination of its location and excellent breakfast ensure that this hotel is a sure fire value choice for a family weekend break.	
Feb 16 2009 	Premier Location!	Amazing location in the same building as the London Eye ticket office (but facing the opposite direction). Basic room, plenty big for a family of 4. Very helpful front desk staff--assisted with luggage storage, directions, and restaurant recommendations.	
Feb 14 2009 	Great location on the South Bank	Stayed at Premier Inn County Hall in June 08 for 10 days. Booked directly with the hotel on their site which was all very easy. Arrived in London very early on a Sunday morning after an overnight flight from Singapore. Reached the hotel around 6:30am knowing that we were well before the 2pm check-in time but hoped there may be a room available. The service desk staff we friendly enough but flat out refused to check us in early and instead were told to come back at 2pm. I guess it's a pretty popular spot given it's location and value. After walking around London for 8 hours we were able to check in easily and really that was my only complaint about the stay which they couldn't really avoid. Staff were all friendly and always (and I mean always) said hello when walking past in the halls. Room was surprisingly large and very clean and tidy. Breakfast at the restaurant was typical English style but very nice albeit a little expensive. The best thing about the hotel is the location right behind the London Eye in the County Hall. There was a fire evacuation near the end of the stay and the whole hotel was evacuated around 10pm. Was handled well and we even got a letter from the manager the following morning to apologise for the incident which caused by another hotel in the County Hall building. All in all, not bad at all.	
Feb 13 2009 	Clean and convenient	Our family of four stayed here for five nights and we were extremely happy with our choice. Excellent location right near The Eye and just a short walk across the Thames to Houses of Parliament and Big Ben. Breakfast was great value, especially as children under 16 ate for free. Our room was spotless and large enough to fit the four of us comfortably. Another plus was the close proximity to Waterloo Station. All in all, a great place to stay.	
Feb 10 2009 	Great Family Inn close to everything	Stayed 2/07/09 .This was a nice clean Inn very basic but the London Eye is just outside the door very close to everything. We walked all the way to Victoria station one night only took about 20 minutes.Westminster and Waterloo tube stations are only a block away. We had a double bed and two single mattresses in the room for 85 pounds per night. They also have an English buffet breakfastGreat place to stay if you want just a room to sleep in (clean and very basic).	
Jan 10 2009 	Great Location Friendly Staff	I have just spent four nights here with my husband and 14-year old son. The location is great, 40 minutes from London City Airport, about 3 minutes walk to Waterloo and about 5 minutes to Westminister so getting around is very quick and simple. The hotel is right beside the London Eye, across the bridge from Big Ben and a 15 minute walk to the Imperial War Museum.The room, which was ready for us when we arrived at 11.45am, was quite big and very clean and the shower was good. It was at the back of the hotel and very quiet at night. The breakfast was the usual three-star fare and seemed quite expensive, although my son ate for free.All of the staff were very friendly and helpful. Being able to leave our bags in the luggage room for the last day's sightseeing was very useful.A previous poster mentioned some difficulty with the steps up from the street. There are plenty of staff at reception and I'm sure one of them would be delighted to help with luggage. We found check in very fast and convenient.I would certainly stay here again and will be recommending it to anyone looking for good value. It is not the hotel for some-one looking for luxury.	
Jan 9 2009	Nice Hotel - Poor Restaurant Service	Recently spent one night at the hotel on a visit to London with two young children. The location of the hotel and the hotel room were great. The family room larger than normal had a double and two good single beds.The staff were friendly and generally we were happy with our stay.The only thing that spoiled our visit was the service for dinner in the hotel restaurant. Having two young children with use we booked an early dinner at 6.45pm. We arrived at 6.40pm, the restaurant was almost empty, our order was taken promptly by a friendly waitress. From there on the service was very poor. We eventually threatened to cancel our order for dessert at 8.20pm but were assured it was ready. Eventually we left the restaurant after 8.30pm having had a very ordinary meal. Excuses were given that there were staff shortages but be warned.	
Jan 9 2009 	what a happy new year	We stayed at premier county hall over the New Year festivities and as always with premier we enjoyed the stay. One Hiccup this time was on New years eve morning early ,we were woken up by terrible noise from deliveries being made to hotel . However we complained and true to form the hotel investigated and refunded our money for that night one cannot ask for better customer service . Premier were true to there company policy ''A GOODNIGHT SLEEP GUARANTEED OR YOUR MONEY BACK ' THEY REFUNDED WITHOUT HESTITATION AND WERE VERY APOLOGETIC . New years day morning was so quiet .!!!! Yes premier inn do have the edge on service and premises . Premier leave there nearest rivals Travelodge standing, and premier supply a reasonable priced hotel which is clean friendly and secure . The county hall premier is like all premier inns a pleasure to stay at . Breakfast can be a bit of a race for food and a free for all but then its a large hotel . My worry about breakfast is that guests get there own tea and coffee and are walking back and forwards to there tables , i am suprised that there are not any accidents with scolding water and also children running around . however apart from that i cannot fault premier and considering hotel was full the service was excellent the place clean and staff very freindly . Apart from noise hiccup a jolly good stay and look forward to our next stay at county hall or another premier inn.	
Jan 8 2009 	Comfortable hotel in unsurpassable location	Sure this hotel doesn't offer all the amenities of more upmarket brands. It doesn't have a pool (not that you would swim on a winters day in London) or a gym. But the rooms are clean and comfortable. The location is quiet, yet bustling. Most attractions (Big Ben, Houses of Parliment, Westminster Abbey, London Eye, Trafalgar Square) are well with in walking distance. Otherwise Waterloo Station is conveniently located or hail a Black Cab in seconds. This is the best bang for your buck in London. For those who crave luxury I would recommend the neighbouring Marriott which offers similar levels of convenience.	
Jan 6 2009 	Wonderful hotel in a great location!	We stayed at the Premier Inn County Hall between Christmas and New Years. It has a fantastic location inside County Hall just beside the London Eye, and across the Thames from Big Ben and Parliment.We had a family room which consisted of a king sized bed, a twin bed, and another twin mattress on the floor. The room also has a TV, telephone, and spotlessly clean bath with bathtub/shower combination, sink, and toilet.The room was spotlessly clean and very comfortable. It was completely soundproof as well -- we slept great and never heard any noise whatsoever!Our room overlooked Belvedere Road, which runs in front of the hotel. There are lots of restaurants on Belvedere Road, including Yo Sushi (which we really enjoyed) and Ned's Noodle Bar which was also yummy. There's also a small convenience store and a Starbucks across from the hotel.County Hall itself houses the London Aquarium, along with a Salvador Dali museum and another hotel, the Marriott (which is twice as expensive as the Premier Inn!)We opted to include breakfast with our stay -- it's 7.50 pounds per adult, and children eat free. There's something for everyone, and it's served buffet style -- full English fry up fare (back bacon, sausages, eggs, beans, mushrooms, tomatoes, and toast), along with yummy croissants, cereals, yogurts, juices, coffee and tea, you name it. I will say that the breakfast is very popular, so I would recommend going before 9am if you want to avoid a wait for a table.We were able to walk everywhere from this hotel -- across the Thames to Big Ben and Westminster Abbey, and over to St. James Park and Buckingham Palace. It's also a stone's throw from two underground stations, Westmister across the river and Waterloo on the same side of the river. There's also a taxi stand behind the London Eye so getting a taxi was a snap. The hotel will also phone for a taxi for you but that's an extra 2 pounds in taxi fare.The hotel staff was wonderful and very friendly! We arrived early on a Saturday morning (our flight got in at 8am) and they stored our luggage for us while we toured for the day -- had a family room been available at that time, they would have let us go ahead and check in. Check in later in the day was a snap with no lines, and check out was equally easy.I highly recommend this hotel especially if you are traveling with kids or traveling on a budget. It's a great deal in a great location!My only caveat is that if you have trouble with stairs, you will have trouble getting into this hotel -- there are 15 steps up to the front door and I did not see any sort of disabled entry available.	
Dec 21 2008 	Despite the location not recommended	I was surprised to get a twin room here the weekend before Christmas for only £107. I put that down to the recession. Hitherto I've booked further out when booking Premier Inns for my husband, because the County Hall site was overpriced. I've never stayed at a Premier Inn before so had a shock.No one else has mentioned that there are about 18 steep steps up from the pavement to the front door. No one else has mentioned that you have to queue in a snaking line to check in. This took so long that my husband sat down with all the luggage.I'd booked a Twin Room. We were given two blank white plastic cards with a swipe-strip on them, and no indication as to which way round they should be presented to the lift, to get up to your floor. Eventually some people got out of a lift so we were able to get into one. The walk from the 4th floor lift lobby to our room was about half a mile. I thought we would never get there.At the room door, it took about 18 attempts with the blank white card to gain access to the room. It was simply too far to go all the way back to reception, so we kept on trying and trying to get the door to unlock.A Twin Room? What we got was a double bed made up, and the couch, made up as a bed. That is stretching the definition of a Twin Room somewhat - one of us had to sleep on the couch......where there is no bedside light nor anywhere to put a book or alarm clock. There was only one chair. Why?There was nowhere to put our cases to unpack, other than on the bed or on the floor. Sure, it was a large room but who wants to put their cases on the beds to unpack and then lift them off again to sleep, when those cases have been wheeled through dirty streets? The bathroom door was astonishingly heavy with an automatic closer. There is also a dangerous step into the small bathroom. The only way of stopping the very heavy bathroom door from slamming shut every time one of us went in and out, was to jam it with towels. The curtains are made of plastic. There were no tooth-mugs in the bathroom. The shaving-mirror light over the washhand basin did not operate independently from the overhead light. The &quot;view&quot; was of a grubby internal well. We didn't risk breakfast - we walked around the corner to the Festival Hall cafe instead, which was had lovely views of the river Thames. If a central London location is your only criterion then this is the place for you. If however you expect a little more from a hotel for your money then go elsewhere - as I shall in future.	
Dec 19 2008 	Excellent	My wife and I and our two boys aged 5 and 7 stayed in a family room for two nights, the last weekend in November. Check in was quick and easy.. Room spacious, comfortable and clean. Dinner in the hotel was just right for our family with play packs to entertain the kids, the food was very good. Vast choice for breakfast and also free for the children. I would definitely stay here again, aswell as offering excellent value, the staff made the big difference, they were extremely friendly and helpful.	
Dec 7 2008 	A great place to stay in London	I stayed for over 2 weeks at this hotel and was impressed with friendly staff whenever ready to help you with any your querries. The hotel location is just fantastic, exactly in the heart of London. Close to St. Paul's cathedral and an ability to have a nice walk or sittings on the bank of the Themes after your business days or just to watch street artists' performances. Or you can run away in St. James park just to get lost away from the vanity of vanities of a big modern bisy city into the nature to relax. I found the staff efficient and friendly and ready to help you with great smiles on faces, making you feel very welcoming and comfortable. I think, the staff like what they do. The real english breakfast I found just fantastic. All fresh and tasty. It was my second stay at this hotel after my first in 2006. So I appreciated their this new service, which i didn't find before.My room was exactly what i needed for a person who is staying during her business trip, a good bed in a spaceous room, comfortable bath with a good shower to help you to start your new day after your jog along the Thames bank.I would recomend this hotel to anyone who wants to have some time in London either it is a business trip or just for a sightseeings and shoppings. And I found it improving more and more,and not staying at the same place. Thank you for all you and made my stay in London so memorable!	
Dec 6 2008 	Excellent Location	We stayed at the Premier Inn County Hall for 2 nights. Excellent location next to the London eye. Few minutes walk from Waterloo station. just opposite the hotel attractions are Big Ben and the Houses of Parliament.The room with double bed, mattress on the floor and sofa bed. Good sized bath, power showers, plenty space in the rooms, there's a TV, hairdryer, tea and coffee and a kettle and a wee seating area &amp; coffee table. No fridge in room. room service just satisfactory. the reception staff is very friendly and provide all details you require to travel in London.Internet is very costly in hotel so go to nearby cybercafé .skip the cheap Chinese buffet in county hall. do not miss Thames river cruise pass given complimentary by hotel. overall it is a budget hotel around 100 pounds per day.	
Dec 3 2008 	Premier!	Myself and my sister and her two boys, 5 and 7 stayed at the Premier Inn County Hall for 2 nights. It was exactly what we wanted. Excellent location next to the London eye. Great family room with double bed, mattress on the floor and sofabed. Excellent service, everyone was so friendly and Lennie was exemplary. Great breakfast, free for the kids. The boys were given a kids play pack as we checked in. Really we could fault nothing and it was great to have a late checkout on our day of departure.	
Nov 25 2008 	Really everything you need - location price and facilities	Recently stayed here for a few days whilst doing some Xmas shopping and as I said in the title, it has everything you'll need if you're planning a trip to London.Location - it's a 5 min walk from either Waterloo underground/overground station, or Westminster Bridge tube station. Next to the London Eye - I mean right next to it, not half a mile away or anything - the building the hotel is part of, is the old seat of London local Government called County Hall, which now also contains another hotel (5 star Marriot), restaurants, aquarium, art gallery, bars, cafes, arcades. The Premier Inn is on the opposite side of the building from the London Eye but some of the rooms (and restaurant) overlook Jubilee Gardens which means they also look out onto the Eye. Right across from County Hall, on the other side of the Thames, is Big Ben and the Houses of Parliament.Facilities - well the rooms are just what you need when you've had a busy day sightseeing/shopping. Comfortable beds, good sized bath, power showers, plenty space in the rooms, there's a TV, hairdryer, tea and coffee and a kettle and a wee seating area &amp; coffee table. The hotel also has wifi throughout. The wifi is provided through swisscom and I paid £10 for 24hours access (cards available at reception)The hotel has a restaurant and bar. I didn't visit the bar so I can't comment on it, and my only trips to the restaurant were for the breakfast. And on that subject, I can't recommend the breakfast here highly enough. Whatever you want for brekkie, you can have, and as much as you want too. It's a great way to start your day, I found that I wasn't needing anything at lunchtime after such a big meal to start the day. Well worth thr £7.50!The staff attitude is top notch too. From the check-in with Ivana (and her lovely smile), to the servers in the restaurant, the attitude is a welcome rarity these days - it seems that nothing is too much trouble for these guys. This is the only Premier Inn I've stayed at but if the service standards are the same throughout the chain then they deserve a medal.And all this for £109 per night, right in the heart of London. It's well impressive and it's definitely where I'll be going back to the next time I'm in London.	
Nov 23 2008 	Great Location	We wanted a hotel for a reunion weekend in London and this delivered.Booking was easy, as was early check in. Lennie, looking after the left luggage was great, nothing was too much trouble. We had three good sized rooms which were clean and comfortable. We had drinks in the lounge before and after going out and the bar staff carried our drinks to the table when we asked for a tray!Breakfast was a bit hectic on the Sunday morning and could have been a little better organised but there was plenty, freshly cooked and prepared and refreshed constantly. We had expected average quality and service for the amount we paid and we were very very impressed. The location is fantastic, next to Waterloo, over the footbridge to Embankment and on to Covent Garden and next to the London Eye.	
Nov 21 2008 	Great Location and Value	I get to travel a fair amount and have stayed in Premier Inns all over the place and by in large they are simple, plain no fuss places and the staff are always keen to help. That said I had never stayed at the County before and I decided I would take my family for two nights, for my wifes birthday.  I have to say the location is just brilliant! right next to the Thames and the London Eye, so finding your way back was not a problem! The food was fine, as was the overall hotels decorThe rooms were not the best compared to other PI's I have stayed at and we didnt get particularly interesting views but for a cheap hotel right in town close enough to the tube you cant go wrong! Well worth a stay	
Nov 18 2008 	Really really great location.	This is a nice hotel in a great location. It is right beside the London eye. I mean really beside it. About 2 minutes from the front door of the hotel. In the opposite direction in about 4 minutes walk is Waterloo station, where you can get trains buses and tubes. It was so easy to get around. From Waterloo underground you have 2 or 3 choices of lines to take to all of London s numerous interesting places to visit. OK, as you may have guessed, it is well located.Fast check-in and even faster check-out. 3 effeciant lifts. A bottled pop and water dispenser and snack dispenser at the enterance to the ground floor lifts. Also near here are two credit card opperated PC's. (I think all hotels should now aim to provide free wireless to their guests) Great breakfast. Good enough dinner. Decent sized bar, but not much athmosphere there. Good sized (high) beds and bedrooms. All very clean.  I think this hotel would be hard to beat for location and quality. It is right beside the much more expensive Marriott. If you arrive there by Waterloo tube, follow the signs for London eye or South Bank and you will exit the correct way for your hotel. Walk towards the London Eye and take the street to the left about 100 metres before you reach the eye and the hotel entrance is just a few metres on your right.	
Nov 13 2008 	A touch of Disney	My family &amp; I stayed here for a weekend at the beginning of November 2008.Let me first state quite clearly that I loathe going to London. I detest the place, and become Mr Grumpy all weekend when dragged along to our crowded capital.The Premier Inn softened the experience somewhat. We went by train which was faster, easier &amp; cheaper than driving, and an easy tube ride from St Pancras dropped us just a few hundred metres from the hotel (Waterloo undeground station?).The mainly East European staff were friendly, and the queue to check in was not too long. Our room (No. 600) was spacious enough for the family, with a double bed in one area, and a single bed &amp; a pull out, for the two kids in the adjoining annex.Bland, plain, beige-washed walls, pristine tiled bathroom with solid, steam-proof door. What do you expect? Give me a homely pub room in Yorkshire any day, for 1/3 the price :) Once the long queue for breakfast had subsided, we served ourselves the usual stuff, and the &quot;kids eat free&quot; deal meant the price was right.After trudging around in the rain all day, playing the tourist at the Tower, and then enduring the shopping hell of Regent Street where you get less personal space than a battery hen enjoys, finally getting back to the Premier Inn was actually quite a relief.The first night we ate at a converted firestation pub / restaurant, which was fine, and just a short walk away. The second night was more my choice of eating; a nice little Indian restasurant, called, bizaarely, &quot;The Thames&quot; , also just around the corner on Waterloo Road.During the night I thought a I heard a deep disco bass beat. It went on all night, both nights, right until the morning. The tune never changed, but I suppose that's modern music for you. My wife, Kylie, never noticed it, until I pointed it out, then she couldn't get it out of her head.I think it may have been the humming of the air conditioning system. We were on the top floor, and there was possible pipework in the roof? Only a minor point - the family could scracely hear it, but my hearing is quite sensitive even after a few Prides and Cobras.Purely for research purposes, I ventured down, alone, to the hotel bar once, but it was ghastly. I quickly downed one pint of overpriced Guinness and left. It was the same breakfast / dining room, and was full of stranded, pub-banished familes, folornly watching sport on the many flat screen TVs. No resemblance to a proper &quot;pub&quot; at all. So, to conclude, what's the Disney connection in the title? This was my one little bit of fun in the whole weekend.......Shortly after plonking our bags down in the room, we spotted a MOUSE scurrying swiftly across our carpet! I tried to catch it, as it would have made a wonderful trophy to parade through the reception area. But it was far too quick for me, and disappeared under the kids' bed. We lifted up the beds, and the little blacksmith mouse made a bolt for the door. It squeezed under the door and scampered off down the hall.Phew - what a lucky escape! It nearly finished up in the black plastic mousetrap, located under the kids beds along the back skirting board. Note for budding zoologists - you need a special tool to get into these boxes to find out if you have your own captive room pet.We laughed about it, but then a big argument ensued 'cos neither child now wanted to sleep on the bed on the carpet!We shared our Mickey Mouse encounter with a member of Reception staff, almost immediately, on our way out to eat. He shared our mirth, but did seem rather unconcerned. A little feigned sympathy would have been appreciated. He offered us another room - but what's the point of that? Our mouse had already gone - to someone else's room now! I told him it squeezed under the door - he laughed and said, &quot;they have no backbone&quot;. Obviously, not a proper Zoologist.So why do I still give the place 4 stars? 'Cos it's OK. It's what you expect for this kind of place. The location is perfect and the price is OK when you're a family of four.I work in the tourist trade, and will actually recommend the Premier Inn for a short stay to my inbound guests if they really must visit London.On checking out, we mentioned the mouse again (we were not out to make a big fuss, and were not demanding a refund; we're not those kind of people), just because we wanted someone to take the wildlife observation a little more seriously. This time, the English lady took serious note, and it seemed she would take some further action.Anyway, it was fun. When you visit - take a look under the beds :)	
Nov 4 2008 	Premier hotel - perfectly named!	very impressed with location, room and overall friendliness of staff. location is excellent as within one minute walk from london eye on south bank. couldn't ask for more. room size considering this is london was really good and thanks to staff for accommodating weary travellers (as we were) coming off the back of an 11-hour ovenight flight and getting to the hotel early by finding us a room. very much appreciated this gesture as arrived at 9am (well before the 2pm check-in time).	
Nov 2 2008 	Excellent Hotel	My husband and I stayed here for 6 nights. First trip to London and had heard all the stories about tiny rooms etc in London hotels. Was really pleasantly surprised to have a lovely spacious room with spotlessly clean bathroom. Comfortable beds and serviced daily. Very quiet and no noise on any of the nights. Breakfast was excellent. Staff were exceptional and about the best we have ever encountered anywhere. So pleasant and always a smile and a greeting (to the point where one ran out into the street after we departed to say goodbye). Nothing was too much trouble. Would definitely stay here again and its a top location too for all the London sights.	
Oct 29 2008	excellent everything	Had a family room, everything was just as they said, clean comfortable, excellent location right next tot he eye.Ate in the restaurant Saturday night, lovely food, children ages 8 and 11 ate every scrap. breakfast too was brilliant, and so well priced.Staff couldnt have been better, nothing too much trouble, all smiling and helpful.Will be staying there again next year.	
Oct 27 2008 	Not what we were told.	Several months ago, my husband emailed the Premier Inn to book a room with a 'king size bed'. We were advised that this was available and the booking made. On arrival the only size in the hotel was a double, the hotel states that they guarantee a good nights sleep or your money back. Well, we didnt have a good nights sleep, we both kept falling out of the small double bed, the kid next door cried most the night and we were very disappointed with the hotel. We told customer service on checking out, and instead of the money back guarantee, we were told 'sorry'. I would not recommend this hotel for couples or persons seeking a romantic getaway. Fine if your looking for a cheap room without the normal hotel comforts.	
Oct 25 2008 	SUPERB VALUE FOR MONEY	I stayed here with my sister on Sat 4 Oct 08. We has stayed in Premier Inns in the past and knew we were guaranteed clean and comfortable accomodation.This Premier Inn has the advantage of being in such a super location, within County Hall on the South Bank, next to the London Eye and opposite Westminster. There is so much to see now on the South Bank, it is thriving with entertainment and new restaurants.The location is a peaceful one as Belvedere Road is an access road only so there isnt any constant traffic noice.Check in was simple and quick and we were allocated a Room on the quiet top floor - Rm 601. The room was spacious enough to accomodate a double bed and a coach bed with enough room to comfortably move around. The view from the room was to the North over Jubilee Gardens towards the Embankment Bridge. We also had a left side view of the London Eye.The bathroom was basic but functional. The bed and sofa bed were extremely comfortable with crisp white linen. We both had a good nights sleep. There are coffee and tea facilities within the room, but no fridge.Fortunately, breakfast went on until 1100hrs and check out wasnt until 1200hrs. Breakfast was a self service buffet of both English and Continental and each as much as you like. Unfortunately, there were a lot of children running around and walking to your table with hot coffee was a task. I wonder whether it would be a more comfortable experience if parents with small children were accommodated in a seperate, safer area of the restaurant.From check in to check out the staff were extremely pleasant and helpful.I would definitely recommend this hotel for its value for money and location.	
Oct 21 2008 	Solid	This hotel is solid - not perfect and not bad. The location is great, especially if you are commuting into/out of Waterloo. The Waterloo tube is right there so getting around the city is no problem. This hotel is also directly across the Westminster Bridge from Westminster Abbey - an incredible sight at night. The room was decent sized. I hated the auto-close bathroom door but it's a minor complaint. Same thing for the furniture - it's cheap particle board. But that's not a reason to skip this place.If you can get a decent rate this hotel is definitely worth consideration.	
Oct 21 2008	100% until the last night	First of all, everything we liked:-spacious room-very clean for a chain hotel-fantastic location-very friendly staff allover (reception, cleaning staff, restaurant crew, luggage room,...)-good quality breakfast, all you can eatWhat went wrong. We were in the hotel for 2 nights.The second night we were next door to a family with 2 babies, crying at 3 and 7.30 am. Parents did not seem to bother, but we did. Certainly as we planned to keep in bed till late in the day, which was spoiled.What did the hotel about it. They refunded the night after just checking the roomlocation, which was quite acceptable for us. It was done with a smile. So we would certainly suggest this hotel to friends but would also suggest to ask reception to make sure the neighbours could cause inconvenience.	
Oct 21 2008 	Clean central quiet caring	Stayed 3 nights while in London for a conference. It is difficult to find a good central hotel especially in such a favourite destination. By walk &lt;1 min to London Eye, 2-3 min to South Bank, 10 min to Big Ben. During check-in (which took around 5 min) I asked for a quiet room on a higher floor and got it right. The room was fresh and nicely decorated. They provided a good night guarantee. Cleaning was proper. Staff were constantly interested on how things were going for me. Premier breakfast was above the standards. Very good hotel for given price.	
Oct 19 2008 	Great spot for exploring London - or visiting a relative in St. Thomas'Hospital	The rooms area good size and spotless but no air con and no facility to open window more than half an inch. An electric fan is provided which isn't a lot of use in a heat wave. It is very noisy (revellers all night on the public space outside) when the window is open. The restaurant is very good and the breakfasts simply wonderful - excellent quality, wide wide choice and as much as you can eat. Restaurant gets very crowded at breakfast and many little kids rushing here &amp; there does make a strong possibility of your breakfast ending up on the floor . All the staff very welcoming &amp; proficient. Don't bother trying to contact premier inn after your visit - it's impossible as they say they will reply to an email within 24 hours but they don't reply at all.I thought it was a very good hotel that I would use again although at full price it is not cheap.	
Oct 7 2008 	Brilliant Stay!	Had booked the Travelodge at Convent Garden but decided to change hotels after seeing this one. Asked for a room with a view and got a partial view of the Eye - not bad! Paid £238 for Fri and Sat night with breakfast which is reasonable for London and great for this location. Previously I have stayed in Kensington nad used the Tube but from this hotel you can walk everywhere - we went from Trafalger Sq to Buck Palace, Knightsbridge, Hyde Park, Mayfair, Soho, Holborn and back to our hotel (fairly fit but possible). Breakfast worth it as there is loads of choice and saves trying to find somewhere else when you get up and are hungry.If you are around Buck Palace it is worth going down to the barracks down the road as we passed by and saw the guards bandsmen practising (Austin Powers theme tune!!) and it was a good way to see them close up wihtout all the crowds (they stand in the court yard). Other recommendations are the Princess Louise pub in Holborn (Grade II listed victorian pub - lovely) and loitering outside the Ivy to star spot (papps are there if anyone might be about).	
Sep 29 2008 	Great Location and Value	Very basic amenities, but the value and location can't be beat. Pack your own tissues, lotion and mouthwash...they aren't supplied here, just liquid soap attached to the wall in the bathroom. No clock (you can set the phone to deliver a wake-up call), small TV and slightly worn furnishings. But you can either pay the equivalent of $233 here, or stay on the other side of County Hall at the Marriott for two to three times as much. I don't know about you, but I'd rather supply my own lotion and save the $$ for other things. Plus the employees are pleasant and helpful.	
Sep 27 2008 	Great Hotel for any Trip to London	My wife has wanted to go to see Dirty Dancing in the West End for ages and i managed to get tickets for the show. As a treat I thought that it would be nice for us to have a couple of nights stay in London proper.(We live just outside London)I was aware about this hotel/hotels in The County Hall and knew that its location was perfect, right in front of The London Eye. It is right next to Waterloo station and Tube station and is great for moving around the city. Also it is an nice, pleasnt 20+mins walk over the river to Covent Gardens, Houses of Parliment etc etc.I booked the hotel through there own website(cheaper) and had no problem with the check-in. Gave them my name and card and asked the usual questions about breakfast, papers etc etc. We were staying for two nights and i asked about late check out. They offer it for an extra £25, but it is till 5pm.(Great) We did not use this as they also offer a secure room for you to leave your bags in and collect later in day if you want. They give you a tag for every item you leave. Don't lose the tags.We stayed in a double room, No.207 and it was facing the street with big statue in the window, so no real view out. It is a pretty good size room with huge comfortable bed, two chairs &amp; table, wardrobe, small 10 channel TV, Tea and coffee, hairdryer etc etc. The bathroom was not that big but the bath/shower was good with plenty of towls for us two. The shower head is fixed and you have to bend down a little when you are 6ft2.(only downside about room) But it is an amazingly powerfull shower and after a day or night walking/show/bars etc it is perfect to pick you right back up. We only used the restaurant for breakfast, £7.95 and found it to be really good. It is self service, eat as much as you want. We did not try the restaurant at any other time but did look at the menu and can say that it looks good and if it is like the breakfast, then i am sure that it will be good. The bar area it nice a cosy with a mixture of leather sofas and table and chairs around and it is opened till 1am, which is great if you want a night cap. Be aware that you are not aloud to do charges to your room.We found the staff to be on the whole great and everyone that we had dealings with were happy to help us and nothing seem to be a problem to them. The room maid on our floor was so polite and said hi everytime she saw us.Overall this hotel is great if you want to take your loved one away and equally we saw business men/women and familys there and everyone seems quite happy with the hotel.It is not the cheapest hotel in London but it sure has a great location and base for getting everywhere around London.Go see Dirty Dancing,(Great). Do the London Dungeons and get the pants scared off yourself. Get taken back to your hotel in a peddle rikshaw. Do the London Eye. Try to go just before sunset and you will get amazing views of London as it get dark and the lights come on. DON'T try and go on a Saturday afternoon. We came back to get our bags on our way home at 3:30pm and there were 100's of people in line waiting to go on it. If you want to do something different then i would advise trying the Absolut Ice Bar off Regents St. Has to be pre-booked. You get a free drink, a coat and gloves. It is a bar made of Ice and is a cool -5c inside it. You get 40mins inside and belive me it is enough time. It is really really COOL (or cold as my wife would say)Lastly. If you have never being in London before. Bring real good walking shoes.	
Sep 22 2008 	Great location Excellent value !!	If you are looking for location and value then this hotel has both.The fact it is ranked 25 out of over 1000 hotels in London speaks for itself.Situated on a quite side road,round the corner from the London Eye and Houses of Parliament,ten minutes walk to Covent Garden and fifteen to the West End Theatres.The rooms are clean and tidy and all the staff are friendly and helpful.Ask for a quite room on the 5/6th floor.Bliss after a hectic day.Breakfast is buffet style and if the hotel is busy then it can be a little bit of a &quot;scrum down&quot; but this is just a minor criticism.You will be asked to pay for your stay on arrival,you just leave your key on the desk when you depart!	
Sep 16 2008 	Good hotel but Swisscom's wi-fi service is appalling	Stayed here with one of my groups for a second straight year as the location is great, and the food good.However, wireless internet is very important to travelers these days and I bought a weeks worth of wi-fi from Swisscom for around $90 USD.The signal was good in the bar, below average in the reception area, and worse than dial-up in the rooms. Waaaay worse! Other Premier Inn clients thought so too.I complained to the hotel who put Swisscom in touch with me twice. Of course they said they had checked the system and could find nothing wrong, but having connected to wi-fi signals in numerous hotels, this was simply not true.My second attempt at resolution brought about a message from Swisscom to call one of their managers, which I did and left a message.He didn't call back, and consequently I'll think twice about staying at a Premier Inn where Swisscom is the wi-fi provider.Sorry about the rant, but I stay at lots of Premier Inns and they're ALL good!	
Sep 16 2008 	A credit to the brand - excellent	Premier Inn hotels usually sit in the 'middle of the road' category of hotels for me, but The County Hall gets the full 5 stars.It's location is simply perfect, 5mins from Waterloo (&amp; the IMAX), Westminster, Charing Cross ; 1 minute from London Eye &amp; The Thames...it couldn't be better. It is housed within the County Hall building and therefore pleasing to look at from the outside. Staff are exceptionally courteous, rooms very large and well cleaned, public areas smell fresh and are well presented.Inside the room there is tea &amp; coffee, remote TV, windows are secondary glazed, fans are provided to aid with heat (where applicable!), bathrooms are good size with tub and excellent power shower. I slept well as the road outside is closed to general traffic.Breakfast is 7.50, but worth it as it's of good quality, with plenty to choose from and all regulary topped up, right up to 10am when service stops.Admittedly, most hotels in Central London are overpriced, but considering this location, coupled with the service and attention I experienced, I'd say it's totally worth the price. Excellent, in every respect.	
Sep 11 2008	great location	would definately stay again. It was clean and very comfy with a decent powerful shower which is good and freindly staff. great quiet location being a mostly closed off road (still cars but i think they were only for access) also not too far away from the tube station and right next to the london eye. its a good price for the location too.	
Sep 9 2008 	Fabulous Location at excellent price	This location cannot be duplicated and the hotel is very comfortable and family friendly for a budget hotel. Even my London friend was surprised by the location. The staff is young but very eager to please. Very large rooms with extra beds. It is just across Westminster Bridge from Big Ben, Houses of Parliament, down the street to the WWII Cabinet War Museum and Churchill underground museum. On to Horse Guards and Trafalgar Square. More importantly, just a stroll on the south bank of the Thames, along the Jubilee Walk to the Globe Theatre, The Tate Modern, Borough Market, Hay's Market, the Golden Hind and over the Tower Bridge to the Tower of London. All without any traffic worries. Best location in London.	
Sep 1 2008 	Premier Inn - County Hall Excellent Stay.	I don't usually do this but felt I had to this time as some people are quick to complain and reluctant to give credit where credit is due. I took my wife and 2 teenage kids to London recently for a short break. I spent alot of time searching for a hotel that was central and reasonably priced and based on the reviews on Trip Advisor I opted for Premier Inn County Hall. I was very suprised when I learned that they had family rooms available and very happy with the price of our 3 night stay considering the location. As my Children were both under sixteen they could eat breakfast for free as long as the adults paid for their breakfast, another great saving. When I arrived I expected something very basic but was pleasently suprised, the outside was of an old building but the inside had been renovated to a modern design, fresh and clean. We arrived early not expecting to check in but hoped we could leave our luggage in a room whlie we explored London. The reception staff gave us a lovely welcome, they checked with housekeeping to see if there was a family room ready which there was and they checked us in there and then. The room was very spacious and the bathroom was very clean, even my daughter commented and she can be very fussy about things like that. The London Eye was literally on the doorstep of the hotel with Waterloo Station less that five minutes walk. All in all we had a great time in the Premier Inn, the location was great, the Staff from housekeeping , bar/restaurant and reception were all very pleasant and helpful. I'd have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to anyone staying in London.	
Aug 30 2008 	Fantastic Hotel !!	What a great Hotel in a brilliant location.Could not fault it - the family room we stayed in was spacious,clean and a good en-suiteThe staff were helpful,polite and nothing was to much trouble.The breakfast was first class and you could eat as much as you wanted,Can really recommend this Hotel and will be sure to book again.	
Aug 29 2008 	Great Hotel Great Location Great Value.	With a Premier Inn you know what you're getting - great value, clean and comfortable no frills accomodation but this ones in such a great location.Easy to find, got off at Westminster Tube, go over the bridge, past the steps on left taking you down to the eye and take the next left (Belvedere Road) Hotel is on the left. Check in was easy with helpful staff. Good size family room even though only me and my daughter. Very comfortable double bed and equally comfortable sofa bed for my daughter. All facilities you need for a short stay - tea/coffee, clean bathroom with handsoap and shower gel. Added bonus was a good size fan already in room as windows don't open much and no air con but even on humid night we were fine. View from window (room 602) - fabulous, probably best I've had staying in London - looking over Jubilee Park and a side view of the eye - beautiful when lit up at night.Breakfast - great. Greeted by friendly staff and shown to table, busy buffet style but plenty for everyone. £7 for full english, cereal, croissants, yoghurts, fruit, juices, coffee, tea etc for me and my daughter (2 kids can eat breakfast free with one paying adult) you can't complain!Walk along river and over Waterloo Bridge and straight onto Convent Garden. Took 30 mins to get to Shaftsbury Theatre. Will put this one on top of my list of London places to stay!	
Aug 29 2008 	Functional but comfortable with easy access to all the sights	The Premier Travel Inn is high on my list of recommended hotels simply because it does what it does so well. It is not the most luxurious hotel in London nor is it a destination in its own right, but it is clean, efficient, comfortable and above all excellent value for somewhere bang in the middle of town with easy access to just about everything.Don't expect great views from the room (since most face the back of the old County Hall) and be aware that the lifts can be a bit slow especially in the morning, but those are the only vague downsides I can think of.I've never tried the hotel food because there are so many good places to eat within a five minute walk, including Le Pain Quotidien at the Royal Festival Hall which does an excellent continental breakfast.Recommended for a functional base in central London!	
Aug 28 2008 	Great location! excellent hotel	We stayed there for 3 nights last summer in late July. This hotel is family friendly. We traveled with two young children, ages 4 and 7. We were automatically upgraded to their family suite for the same price. Our family suite was spacious, especially for London standards. The location couldn't be better, we were right by the London eye, Big Ben. We walked all the way to Trafalger square, as well as West Minister Abey from our hotel. The whole area is very lively, right by the river, and our kids loved the park and playgound area right next to the building. Lots of restaurants near by the banks of the river. And the front desk staffs were very friendly and helpful. We also enjoyed with their breakfast buffet every morning, kids under 10 eat for free, and they have lots of choice for our little picky eaters. We highly recommend this hotel for vacationing families.	
Aug 27 2008	Superb Location!	My family booked three family rooms for three nights in August. The rooms were very clean, plenty of room,even with a ton of suitcases! The breakfast is worth the money, especially if you have children as two kids can eat free for each paying adult - very reasonable for a family in London to start off their day!The desk staff were extremely helpful, internet was down for us to confirm our flights and they allowed us to use their phone to do what we needed to do. Smiles all around.The only thing we did not like was the heat in the room - a fan was provided but no a/c and it was warm! The bathrooms were also very warm and humid after a couple of showers. However, overall we were pleased with the hotel and would stay again. Location is fabulous, just by the London Eye and the Thames. Night time views are fantastic and it is just around the corner. Big Ben is across the river, tons of photo ops. Whole area felt safe for walking around and there is a tourist shop across the street for last minute souvenirs! Thank you to the evening staff!!	
Aug 23 2008 	Excellent Hotel	I stayed at this hotel for one night with my two teenage daughters in a triple room and was very impressed. Checking-in was friendly and quick, the room was spacious, very clean and fresh and had everything we needed. There was no queue for breakfast and the buffet-style breakfast was lovely with a great choice of food. All the staff we encountered were very friendly and courteous. The location was also very good and we took the opportunity to visit the London Eye and take a river cruise as we were on the doorstep. A very enjoyable stay and we would not hesitate to recommend this hotel.	
Aug 22 2008 	Fab Location!!!	Have just returned from a 2 night stay at this hotel with my 3 young daughters and we had a great time. The room we were given was spacious and very clean, as was the bathroom. We even had a side view of the Eye and the Thames!However, what makes this hotel really great is the fab staff who are very attentive and keen to help. We had absolutely no problems and would highly recommend the Premier Inn, County Hall. PLUS, the location is superb...the London Eye is on the doorstep as is the Aquarium and we also went on the Ducktours (great fun) which leave from the road adjacent the hotel. The breakfasts were very good and pleased myself and all the girls!! You can choose from a full cooked breakfast to toast, croissants, cereal and fruit salad.I would definitely come back here, either with my children, or with a friend. Close to both Waterloo station (and tube) and just over the bridge from Westminster tube too.Do remember though, this is a Premier Inn (not a luxury hotel) so you won't find lots of bathroom goodies, just some liquid soap and shower gel. Although you can purchase a bathroom kit from reception should you need to.	
Aug 19 2008 	loved the Hotel	An excellent Hotel.A***** all round.Would stay there every time I go to London.First class.Good for children and oldies alike.	
Aug 18 2008 	Can not beat location - but definitely a two to three star	You could not ask for a better location and the hotel is very clean. Here are some of the problems we found but the location and the price ensured we stayed...- 1 out of 3 elevators were out of order when we checked in on Friday, by Saturday 2 out of 3 were out of order with a very full hotel and the staff indicating they had no idea when it would be fixed. When asked if we could use the stairs (door was alarmed) they indicated &quot;sure they are open&quot;...unfortunately no one told the guests this - one elevator was finally fixed on the Tuesday afternoon.- breakfast - we had to go thru a few plates to find a clean one and the scrabbled eggs were gray (we ended up going across the street to the little italian cafe)- I had a few nights booked with London Eye and the others with the hotel, when I checked in and asked if they wanted me to pay the hotel part I was told &quot;No you can do that later no problem&quot;, well we got back to our room in the afternoon of when the hotel booking was to start and our keyes didn't work so we had to go down to the lobby (remember - elevators were still broken so down the stairs again). I was told that our keys didn't work because I hadn't paid my bill :) I asked why they didn't just leave me a note and ask me to come down - no reply from the front desk person. A couple of things that would make this a good place-QA on the dishes and the food and to give their people some training on how to deal with agitated customers.	
Aug 8 2008 	Great staff nice hotel in a unbeatable location	For a standard 3 star hotel this hotel cannot be beaten not only for location which is just steps away from the London eye and a great view of parliament but the staff are all fantastic and so friendly ,the breakfast is well worth the extra cost as it will keep you filled up until mid afternoon saving you money on the price of food in London.The hotel is only a five minute walk to Waterloo station.I almost booked the park plaza for more money until i saw this hotel ranking high on trip adviser now i know why it ranks so high.	
Aug 7 2008 	Excellent location	Premier Inn County Hall is located in a quiet street near the London Eye. The location is really excellent, close to many of Londons tourist attractions and a 5 minute walk from the nearest Tube stations. The front desk personnel was polite and really helpful. The rooms were fairly standard but considering the price and the location, it is difficult to expect more.I could definitely consider going there again next time I travel to London. Very good value for money, especially if you value location.	
Aug 4 2008 	Great Location (Really!)	I agree with the other reviews: I don't think you can find a cheaper place in a better location in London (okay, with the exchange rate it isn't all that cheap for Americans). Everything's been said in the hundreds of other reviews, so I guess I'll just concur. I found this place on Tripadvisor (well, and Rick Steves I think). I'm glad we stayed here. Okay, so the hotel itself isn't all that memorable (kind of like staying in a Holiday Inn or a Days Inn in the US, maybe with a bit better breakfast but with thinner sheets - a lot better than a Motel 6). But if you're in London to see London it's great to be right in the middle of everything. Especially with young kids (we had a three year old and a nine year old with us) it was a blessing to just get outside and be right at the London Eye, right across from Big Ben, and everything around there; the stroll along the Thames was a lot of fun with the kids. Save money on the hotel so you can enjoy yourself in London (and my advise is to just pretend the pounds are dollars; we spent $80 to see the opening of the fifth Harry Potter movie but it was so cool seeing it in London after just taking a boat trip on the Thames earlier that day).	
Aug 1 2008 	excellent choice	Just come back from a two day break to London and the County Hall was an excellent choice.I had previously booked my family into the Travellodge Covent garden but got very nervous after reading the trip advisor reviews then found this one and rebooked.Thank goodness! A well situated hotel right next to the London Eye and an easy walk over the bridge to the Houses of Parliment and Big Ben.Our room was clean and adequate size for our stay for my husband and I and our two children 11 and 14.Our room was at the front and there wasn't any road noise.Good job as the window was open all night due to it being 27c in the room .A fan was provided and extra sheets if you wanted to swap the duvet. Breakfast next morning was excellent. We were in early so it was quiet and fresh. For £15 for the 4 of us (kids eat free) it was a good start to the day. Although it is classed as a budget hotel it feels smart and clean and not like the cheaper end of the hotel market so especially for families it is excellent value for money and this one is in a great London location- only 25 mins walk to Buckingham palace - with 3 major sights right by the hotel. The Slug and Lettuce pub round the corner was good for dinner and there is a fish and chip shop and mini mart close by plus a restaurant in the hotel.An excellent choice for a stay in London!	
Jul 29 2008 	Lovely Weekend in London	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights at the end of July. We had a really enjoyable stay. The location is excellent, next to the London Eye. The staff were really delightful, nothing was too much trouble. Room was quite spacious, spotlessly clean and the bed was really comfy ! The food is good and the breakfast is great value. Although there is no air con in the bedrooms, we were provided with a large fan which did the job. We will definitely be staying here again.	
Jul 15 2008 	Best Location in London!	My friend and I stayed at this location for a week in April. I would not hesitate in recommending this hotel to others! You can't beat the location for the price. For London room standards, the room was quite large with 2 beds. LOTS of room for our luggage and to move around in. The beds were sooo comfortable I didn't want to get up! The bathroom was a good size with a large tub. Tea and coffee in the room, and we were always greeted in the hallway by the maids when leaving in the morning. We found all the employees very friendly and helpful. The Breakfast buffet was always hot and offered something for everyone. It's worth getting as part of your room price. The London Eye is right around the corner and you can easily catch a boat to the Tower of London. For 2 women traveling, we felt completely safe and comfortable walking around the area at night. Don't pass this place up!	
Jul 13 2008	Excellent Hotel	We stayed at the Premier Inn London County Hall for 4 nights in June 2008. Rooms are very clean, spacious, functional and fairly quiet. Conveniently located near the London Eye, Big Ben, Westminster Abbey, London Aquarium and other attractions.Easy access to the tube (Waterloo or Charing Cross Stations) and bus. Staff is very friendly and helpful. Great breakfast at £7.50 for adults, it is very good value. There is a mini-mart across the street that we used to purchase small item groceries when needed. We Highly recommend this hotel. Would stay here again.	
Jul 10 2008 	Great hotel perfect position	My wife found this hotel on TripAdvisor and we booked it for the location. We had not heard of Premier Inn before and we were very glad we ended up booking this for our four night stay in London.The hotel is located in the County Hall building on the Thames right near the House of Parliament and Westminster Abbey. We arrived in London by train and caught the tube to Waterloo station, upon which it was a five minute walk to the hotel.Check in was a breeze and we were given a standard double room that was quite large with a comfortable bed. The bathroom was a good size, and the only negative about the room was no fridge in the room.The location of the hotel is fantastic for sight seeing, being right next door to the London Eye, and just a stroll across Westminster Bridge to see Big Ben, the Houses of Parliament and Westminster Abbey (an especially great sight at night). With Waterloo tube station so close, it also easy to get around.We also purchased the full English breakfast, and while expensive when converted to Australian dollars, the hotel has a great selection and you can eat as much as you like until breakfast time finishes to get you through the day. There is also a good selection of pubs to eat at in Waterloo for a reasonable price.While pricey for Australians, this was a great hotel to stay in.	
Jul 9 2008 	Convenient Family Hotel	My husband, teenage son, and I spent three nights at County Hall. I found it to be the British version of Travel Lodge or Hampton Inn. The location is superb for sightseeing, near Westminster Bridge, the London Eye, and close to Waterloo Station. I even walked to the Tate along the Thames one day. The Marriott blocks your view, but we could see the London Eye through our window--just walk outside and around the corner to the Thames. The room was quite large for three for London and there were many British families with children (both kids and teens) staying there. We opted out of the breakfast and crossed the street to a range of choices including Starbucks. The clerks at the front desk answered all our questions and were quite helpful. The price was very reasonable for London. Our family was very happy with this hotel.	
Jul 9 2008 	Fabulous location!	This hotel is literally right next to the London Eye. Extremely close to Westminster Tube station - just across the bridge! Also close to Waterloo station. This made getting everywhere we needed to go simple and easy (go ahead and get the Oyster Card!).The room was small, basic, clean, surprisingly quiet and fairly comfortable. Our room had a &quot;view&quot; of the Marriott's loading area - not real exciting. No A/C but fan in the room as others have noted.Like other posters, I don't think I'd choose to do breakfast again. It was the basics - eggs (poached and scrambled), sausage, mushrooms, toast, croissants, cereal, yogurt, fruit, juice, coffee, tea. The taste was average. There was no wait, except for Sunday (when we gave up and left). Why they don't allow the lounge seating to be used is beyond me - it's a buffet! Plenty of restaurants to choose from nearby.One of the lifts was inoperative for our entire stay, making AM trips up/down exasperating! There are no unlocked, unalarmed stairs to use. Staff was friendly and usually said hello.I'd expect more for the price here in the States, but I'd likely stay here again when in London.	
Jul 9 2008 	Very good stay.	My wife, teenage daughter and myself stayed here for 3 days in May. We came up for some sightseeing and a surprize theatre show for the daughters birthday treat. The hotel is well placed within the center of London. You can walk to most of the top sites. The London Eye is right next door to the hotel. We could see it from our window. our room was facing the Jubilee gardens. The room was very clean and tidy and had a double bed and a sofa bed. The bathroom was also clean, there is a sign on the bathroom door saying make sure the door is closed when having a shower or the smoke alarm may go off !!! The staff are fantastic. Everyone we saw gave us a smile and said hello. The reception desk are very helpful, they will do anything they can to help. We paid for the breakfast on our stay and boy loads to eat. ( it's unlimited !! ) you can go back as many time as you like. The breakfast hall started to get busy around 08:30ish, but we found it ok. it was worth paying a little more and staying nearer to the center of London, than to stay further out and travel into the city.We would definitely go back there again.	
Jul 9 2008 	Excellent choice	I stayed here in April 2005, and wrote a positive review, and am pleased to be able to do so again. This hotel is still &quot;reasonably priced&quot; (well by London standards which are pretty much universally exorbitant) and the breakfast was very good value, especially the Kids Under 16 eat free with an adult deal. The bar was a comfortable and COOL place (on a hot London day) to relax after a day's sightseeing. The check-in was superior to last time as we arrived a little early, and the room was ready...the miliary style obsession with a rigidly adhered to check-in time seems tohave changed. The only thing I found uncomfortable was the room temperature. It was hot and there was no aircon or way of cooling it. There was a notice saying that renovations are taking place, to include cooling, and not a moment too soon! There was a fan provided which at least moved the air around a bit. Also related is my &quot;obsession&quot; with the Missing Top Sheet.....our family calls the UK the Land Of The Missing Top Sheet. Doesn't anyone use a pair of sheets in the UK? There is no way to stay cool at night when all the bedding you are provided with is a duvet. A special mention about Lenny, the baggage store room man. He is a gem. Very friendly, always helpful, and he made our stay that little bit more friendly and pleasant (though there was nothing wrong with any other staff either). I appreciated being able to order a morning newspaper, and it was slipped under the door in good time prior to breakfast.	
Jul 4 2008 	Wonderful Location Great for families!	Really enjoyed our stay two weeks ago. We had a family room for my husband, myself and our two children, ages 15 and 12. The price was great for the location next to the London Eye and Big Ben. (104 pounds/night) Rooms were basic but quiet and we enjoyed the breakfast buffet which was free for the children. Easy access to the underground tube and we went all over London to see the sights. Staff was very friendly and we were able to adjust our nights as we missed our connection to London after weather delayed our flight for a day.We highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 1 2008 	Premier Inn London County Hall London	We stayed at the Premier Inn London County Hall in June 2008. Its a good place to stay, but the rooms have no air conditioner. We were unaware of this when we booked our room. The hotel is conveniently located on the Thames River near the London Eye, Big Ben, Westminster Abbey and other attractions. The staff is very friendly and got our room ready for us before check in so we could rest after our long flight. They were great!!!	
Jun 27 2008 	Fab location great hotel	We stayed at the Premier Travelinn County Hall last weekend for the 2nd time. The rooms are basic, as you would expect but clean and tidy. The staff there are lovely, the young girl on reception was very helpful. All the staff spoke to you if they saw you, even if they hadn't met you before they would say good morning. If i have one criticism it is the breakfast, the food is not very hot and at almost £8 i don't believe it is worth it. I would really recommend this hotel due to it's location, right next to the London Eye and accross from the Houses of Parliament and Big Ben. If your going to london this is a great, cheap hotel we will be going back again real soon. My work mates and I are going to London again next month but unfortunately we couldn't get in but we would have stayed there if we could.	
Jun 26 2008 	Loved the Premier	The Premiere Inn was a Fabulous experience. While the the rooms are plain, they are clean and spacious. The location was ideal as well. The staff was the best part. They were attentive and curteous. We are regular visitors to Disneyworld and love it there but the Premier could teach the Disney world staff many things. They were genuinely warm and so so helpful making our young daughters' first trip to London a fantastic experience. We are going to paris next year and are so sad that they do not have a Premier location there.	
Jun 23 2008 	Excellent allround	I'd agree with other reviewers, we stayed in a family room for GBP 99 per night (but we booked 6 mths ahead!). The hotel was fine and the fire alarm works very well. The best part of this hotel is the location and access to the tube (waterloo and Westminister) and many bus routes only yards away. Great breakfast (get there early). I highly recommend this hotel.	
Jun 16 2008 	Exceeded Expectations	We wanted somewhere central in London - this was perfect, right next to the Eye, right on the Thames. Reviews said it could be noisy - we found it to be perfectly quiet except for a drunken patron who tried to enter our room by mistake. Very clean. Everything worked. Staff very friendly, excessively so - all say hello as you pass by - do not want to have to acknowledge everyone you pass.Good value for money	
Jun 5 2008 	Great Location	The best thing about this hotel is its location next to the Thames and the London Eye (although the entrance is at the back of the building) . There's lots in the immediate vicinity from tourist attractions to restaurants and small shops and it's very easy to get by bus or on foot to the west end or along the south bank. I wouldn't call it cheap, but for London it's very reasonable.The hotel itself was perfectly adequate; clean, functional, good size room - in some respects better than more expensive hotels - staff were friendly and courteous (although command of English language seemed to be a problem for a large proportion of the staff.The restaurant was fine, nothing exceptional, but perfectly adequate and there were good restaurants right accross the road. Lunch at the hotel was pretty poor.Our child felt the sofa bed provided was not very comfortable, but this may partly have been an excuse not to go to bed at night.I thought it may have been noisy outside, but it wasn't.	
Jun 4 2008 	Almost perfect	I will agree with most of the things other travellers have said. Great location within easy walking distance of many major attractions. Rooms were small but very clean and comfortable. the staff were very friendly. Our only two minor complaints were that the bar was quite busy on the Friday night and tables weren't being cleared. I think this was because one person was serving drinks and the other was dealing with a lot of food orders so maybe they need more staff at weekends. Also the breakfast was plentiful and tasty but there was a long queue for the hot food and while we were queueing I had to rush over and stop the waiters from clearing our table on TWO occasions! However they were very apologetic (both times). Probably wouldn't bother with breakfast another time as there are plenty of nearby places to eat.	
May 30 2008 	ideal location - loved it!	We have just returned from a family break at the Premier Inn County Hall, London.It was our first trip to London, and I have to say it was perfect!Hotel - Clean, friendly, helpful staff. Breakfast as much as you could eat! Kids ate free! The location could'nt have been better - right beside the London Eye, and within walking distance of Houses Of Parliament, Big Ben, Trafalgar Square, Downing Street, Buckingham Palace, Horseguards Parade etc.County Hall in itself has 27 businesses located in the building! The Marriott Hotel was next door (lovely but over £300 a night!) London Aquarium, McDonalds, Art Musuems, and Namco Amusment Arcade which was ideal for the kids if wet weather!Places to Eat - We did not eat in the hotel, but it looked nice, and was full most nights. Breakfast was very good, from Full English to pastries and fruit. As much as you wanted!In the Evening we ate a Giraffe which was situated down the pedestrianised walkway (approx 10 mins walk). It was happy hour every night from 5-7pm and also was very good deals on food. Kids loved it, and the food was lovely for adults as well, without breaking the bank! (average cost for family of 4 with drinks £35-45) There are also plenty of places nearby, and you are really spoilt for choice.Rooms - Our room (room 402) was a family room, and was huge!! We overlooked Jubilee Gardens, and was v clean. Small but clean bathroom, no frills bedroom, but comfy beds and a TV. There is no air con in room, but there was huge stand up fan if we needed it. (and we did need it, as it was quite muggy and warm)We stayed 4 days and managed most of the London Sights with our kids age 10 and 11. We did not pay in full for any attraction, as managed to get discount vouchers via the web for most things!Would defo go again - no hesitation!!!!	
May 25 2008 	Excellent stay	Would agree with all the positive comments from other people. We especially appreciated the friendly, helpful staff. They all seemed really happy in their job. Location is perfect. Room so spacious and comfortable. I am just about to book for another stay in July. Breakfast was superb. Set us up for the day. Great to be able to wander at any time along the South Bank soaking up the atmosphere. Would recommed using Charing Cross Station and walk across the Bridge rather than Waterloo.Great for london eye, buses, boats etc.	
May 23 2008 	First Class Experience	We had a three day stay, my wife and I. Our stay was very pleasant indeed. All the staff were extremely polite and very helpful. Every member of staff whom we met going around the hotel, always acknowledged us with a friendly greeting. Nothing was too much trouble. The situation for the hotel cannot be faulted. In the heart of London, just across Westminster bridge from the Houses of Parliament and Big Ben. Very easy access to buses, and tube stations.The accommodation is spacious, clean, and very comfortable. The breakfast is a must. At £7.50 for adults, and free for children, it is very good value. All you can eat, from a very varied selection. Terrific. It set us up for our sightseeing beautifully.This is our second visit to this hotel, and I would recommend it to anyone looking for central, cheap, and friendly accommodation.We will be back.	
May 18 2008 	nothing budget about this hotel	My husband and I spent 8 nights at Premier Inn County Hall in early April. I was apprehensive about our stay because the internet says &quot;cheap budget hotel&quot;. Far from it! Our room was very spacious, the bed comfy as were the pillows and comforter. The furniture was basic but met every need. The room and bathroom sparkled with cleanliness. We had an awesome view of Julibee Garden Park, Thames River and London Eye (Room 200). The room came with coffee, tea, cookies and a hair dryer. A customer service closet on each floor provides an iron and ironing board if needed. Every staff member was helpful. I had told the staff when booking that our stay would encompass our wedding anniversary. When we checked in we were greeted with an anniversary card. We ate breakfast there 4 of the mornings. You may think expensive for two people but there is a wide variety of foods that fill you up until your evening meal. Location, location, location. We rarely used the tube. We were able to walk everywhere (we are in our 60's) There is a mini-mart across the street that we used to purchase small item groceries when needed. Highly recommend this hotel.	
May 18 2008 	Great location!	We stayed at the Premier Inn, County Hall London for 5 nights in March for our honeymoon.The location is superb, you couldn't fault it. Right behind The London Eye and just over the bridge to Big Ben. Also you were within a 5 minute walk of the tube, so it was easy to get to other attractions as well.The breakfast was great, the buffet choice was very good and we found we were so full that we didn't eat lunch!The downside was there was no safe in our room and the staff on the front desk weren't very knowledgable. We asked the best way to get to Madame Tussauds (they told us they'd never been and left it at that) and we also asked if they could recommend a shuttle service to the airport and they said no.Apart from that we would definitely stay there again.	
May 16 2008	Perfect location	We just returned from our 10 day trip to England/Ireland. Since we were in London for only 3 nights, we needed a place that was central and easy access to the tube. The Premier Inn County Hall was exactly that. It was right next to the London eye and a quick walk to the Waterloo tube station. Plus it was reasonably priced and had very nice accommodations. The hotel was well kept overall from the lobby to the room and modern in decor. Definitely would stay here again for the location and convenience to everything.	
May 14 2008 	Excellent accommodation with 5 star service from the staff	Excellent choice of accommodation for a family. We booked a family room for 3 boys (age 2,3 &amp; 9) and my husband and myself. The room was large, beds were comfy ; the bath was deep and the water pressure was good. But most importantly the staff were great. All really helpful; there are steps at the front (which we knew about) but there was always someone offering to help us down the stairs with our stroller. Or helping us access the lift when we were loaded down with kids at the end of a long day.The breakfast was good quality and the location is so easy. I think this is a really affordable and central option if you are looking for a base with a family. There is no fridge in the room or microwave; but there is a shop across the road and we just bought bits and pieces as we required.We will be back next time we visit London.	
May 12 2008	Good Choice for a Hotel in an Excellent Location	As has been written before, this hotel is in an excellent location. The room was comfortable and bigger then I thought it would be. We had a family room, although it was just my husband and I. The bed was maybe queen size, plus there were two twin beds, one on the floor. We just moved that to the corner of the room and it was out of the way.Easy to pick up the bus tours, including the duck tour (if you are so inclined) in the area.We walked everywhere, it really is a great location. Traffic in London, despite the congestion charge, is awful. You can sit in a cab or a sightseeing bus for a long time and not go anywhere. Consider walking or taking the underground.My husband ate breakfast a few times at the hotel. He said it was good, but no potatoes of any kind!There's a small convenience store across the street from the entrance. Great for picking up a few things, like Kleenex, because the hotel doesn't provide any.There is also a noodle place, a restarant and a Subway very nearby.In addition to the normal tourist sites, consider visiting Churchills Bunker. This is where the WWII defense of Britain was coordinated from. Very interesting and within walking distance.The room had no drawers at all but plenty of open shelves. There is no safe in the room and that is a problem. I wouldn't mind if they charged for it...it would have been nice to have a safe place to store things.All in all a nice stay, fairly quiet. Would stay here again.	
May 2 2008 	Great for a short break	Stayed here for 2 nights over the Easter school holidays with my wife and twin daughters (aged 8). We had a very large family room overlooking the Jubilee Gardens. We had one double bed, 1 single and 1 matresss on the floor (my only complaint - would it have been so much trouble to provide a &quot;family room&quot; with 2 single beds?). That said neither of the girls had any trouble sleeping after a busy day of sight seeing!!!The hotel staff were very friendly, the breakfast really good value (kids eat free) and the location very good. I liked the fact that only guests could use the lifts - you need you key to operate. Not the cheapest hotel in London, but I would be back in a heart beat. The extra costs were more than made up by the location and quality of the service. Really good hotel for families - and maybe - just maybe - you'll meet Lennie Henry who seems to like Premier Inns!!! ;-)	
May 1 2008 	Fantastic Location	Our first trip to London was greatly enhanced by the great location of this hotel. Located just under the London Eye, across the bridge from Big Ben, Westminster Abbey etc., many London sites were within walking distance. The price was also very reasonable for London, and the room was more than acceptable. Our rooms were comfortable, clean, and well maintained. The staff was especially friendly and quick to offer help. The on sight restaurant offered a nice full breakfast buffet and the good dinner menu was a pleasant surprise. Located in the historic County Hall building, we would definitely stay in the hotel again and recommend it to family and friends.	
Apr 27 2008 	Great!!!!	I have stayed in many london hotels much more expensive than this and in most cases have been disappointed as they were not the quality they advertised to be. This hotel was the complete reverse. Lovely comfy beds, clean and tidy rooms, good shower and fantastic location. Very plesant staff all this for a very good price. Breakfast was good. and the resturant for an evening meal was reasonably price if not fantastic food.Delighted will be staying at premier inns more often. I have been converted.	
Apr 18 2008 	Room 202 great 303 so-so	We stayed there twice -- in Room 303, which had a slow-draining 2-faucet sink and smelly bathroom, and small window, which made the room dim and dreary. The second visit we stayed in Room 202, which had a huge window, was bright and cheerful, had a sink with one faucet, and seemed generally cleaner and more updated than room 303. The rooms were both huge, and had two extra beds for our kids. The price was great, but they skimp so much - not even a box of tissues in the room, which seemed quite stingy. Nevertheless, we could not have afforded to stay in London if we hadn't found this hotel, and its location was great, right next to the London Eye. If you are looking for spare and clean, this is a great place, and we would definitely stay there again. Also, it was quiet -- a huge thing for me. We heard a little noise from the hall in the mornings, but not much. And the beds were super-comfortable. We ate the breakfast once, but it's not very healthy -- the juices all had sugar in them, and I'm guessing the bacon contained nitrites. The fruit salad stayed too bright and tasted funny -- they must spray it with sulfites or something to keep the apples from going brown. We eat organic at home, so this was not great for us.	
Apr 14 2008 	Clean and comfy and in a great location!	We stayed here in January 07 for the weekend, iv never slept so well! How can they guarentee that and actually deliver?!?! The whole hotel was lovely and clean and staff were friendly and helpful. It was in an amazing location - right next to the london eye which was great for people watching while enjoying the delicious food in the restaurant! (we ended up eating there most nights as it was so good and reasonable!!) Being around the corner from the tube station was really convinient and was in a beautiful building too!	
Apr 11 2008 	Excellent location well worth a visit	Like many of the other reviews on this page, the Premier Inn - County Hall is a clean and well located hotel convenient to the London Eye and Southbank. It is located in the massive County Hall building, which also houses a Mariott Hotel, the Dali museum and the aquarium. The entrance of the Premier Inn is on the side of the building opposite the Thames river. The Westminster Bridge and London Eye border the building on either side. The Waterloo Underground station is an easy 5 minute stroll from the hotel entrance. Being on the Waterloo Underground stop made it very easy to get to many of the touristy things throughout London as 3 lines run through that station. Given these facts, the hotel location makes it very easy to get around London.In terms of the room itself. Avoid the 5th floor if you don't like the smell of stale smoke. Though the entire hotel (and all of London) is smoke-free, I think the 5th floor used to be smoking so there is still a stale odor on that floor. I was originally assigned a room on the 5th floor and asked to be moved when I discovered the smell. I was reassigned to the 6th floor and it was fine. Rooms are basic, but comfortable and clean. The bathrooms are basic (as the photos attest), but clean and there is an electric towel warmer. There is a large sign on the bathroom door advising that the door be kept closed while you shower so that you will not set off the fire alarm. (There is a pneumatic door closer that closes the door). I kept is closed while showering and had no problems with the fire alarm. Water pressure was good and there was plenty of hot water. They provided a squeeze bottle mounted onto the wall that was a dual purpose lotion to be used as the shampoo and the body wash. There was a big towel and a hand towel, but no small washcloth. Towels were basic, mid-range towels. The County Hall building requires the fire alarms be tested weekly. This occurs on Thursdays between 10:30 and 11:00 AM. Note that the alarms are VERY loud, but if you're not around during this time, you won't notice the fire alarms being tested. In terms of handicapped access, I didn't notice any wheelchair ramps or escalators for mobility impared patrons. There are a series of steps that you'll need to walk up to get into the hotel (sometimes there are smokers congregated outside around the entrance). Once you get into the hotel, there are ramps and elevators to get to the different levels.Staff were friendly and helpful. Knowledge of the local attractions varied from staff to staff. There are 2 computer workstations where you could check e-mail (5 GBP for 1 hour; 10 GBP for 24 hours). Breakfast area was clean and well lit. I didn't eat there so can't comment on the food quality.In summary, the hotel was a good value. I stayed 4 days (April 2-6, 2008) and averaged 119 GBP per night. It was very convenient to everything in the city and very easy to locate if you're lost (the London Eye is quite visibile if you need to orient yourself). I would stay here again for a basic, no frills, but conveniently located hotel in London.	
Apr 10 2008 	Great location	I stayed here for 3 nights in early April. I examined 2 other Premier Inns in London as well. Both were half the price but twice the distance from town. So for a short stay, this hotel will save you a lot of time. For a longer stay, a bit of time on the subway every day will save you a lot of money.This is the 5th Premier Inn I have stayed at and they are all pretty much the same. Rooms big enough for a family of 3 with no problems, 4 are a squeeze but possible. They provide you a kettle and some instant coffee and tea, a hairdryer, and not much else. They all have internet access to the rooms for a fee, this one had computers in the lobby with internet, for a fee, and all have a bar and a restaurant in the location.Breakfasts cost 7.50 GBP per adult, kids are free. This is an all you can eat deal and if you are a big breakfast person, this is really worth it. Every day was good with a wide selection. From this hotel there was a Starbucks and a Subway (sandwiches) right across the street along with several other places to eat nearby, including a small shop where can buy water and things like that.The only reason this hotel is worth 100 GBP a night without breakfast is the location. You can walk to the London Eye in about 2 minutes. You can walk to Parliment or Westminster Abbey in less than 10. You can walk across the new pedestrian bridges and be over the river towards Trafalger Square in about 15 minutes. And Waterloo subway station is about 1 block away. We were able to pack a lot into every day without spending time traveling back and forth.The fire alarm did go off one day at 0830. Made a lot of people mad. There are around 30 businesses in this building and the systems are all connected. I would stay here again for a short visit. But it is too expensive to stay here for a long time, for what you get.	
Apr 2 2008 	Dont Stay Here and in fact dont go to london unless you absolutly have to	HiDo not stay at this hotel. In fact do not go to London unless you absolutely have to .. more on this later ... This is the crappyist hotel I have ever stayed in.. worse then any motel 6 .. Sauder furniture, old and crappyist, smoke alarms go off EVERY morning because the fire alarm is super sensitive and taking a shower can set it off. In fact there is a sign on every bathroom door that says to please keep the door closed or it will set off the fire alarm.. Im not kidding.. sad but true. vending machines don't work ... you will be disappointed I assure you.... for us, the heater in the room never worked and the brought in a portable. no big deal if the building wasn't 200 years old and drafty as hell.. its just very old and super crappy ...And there is no need to ever stay in the middle of London as everything is a Tube/Subway ride anyways ... and the tube goes everywhere.. largest in the world .. As for London it is exactly twice as expensive as the US, Big Mac value meal is $12, fish and chips $35 .. and it is cold as can be, rains every day, the sun never ever shines, its just a miserable place. Plus all of the sites can be seen in one day as they are all in the center of the city. Also, Big Ben, the house of parliament and West Mister abbey are ALL THE SAME BUILDING .. they left that out of the brochure. I hated England.. freaking 20 degrees, $12 McD's, people are rude, hotels sux and cost a fortune.. Ill repeat, dont go to London unless you absolutely have to.for questions or pictures of this sucky room just email me... johnobennett@yahoo.com	
Mar 31 2008 	Great value great location	Third time we have stayed at this hotel and it continues to deliver value for money. Two adults and two children (12 and 10) plus breakfast for around £100 per night just next to the London Eye and across the river from Westminster is exceptional value. We spent four nights in a quiet room and enjoyed the spacious bar and excellent self-service breakfasts with all manner of choices. The staff are all so courteous and friendly. The room was a bit cramped because of the extra bed for our youngest but what can you expect. If I was staying for my main holiday I would want a larger room or a second room. But this was a short break and a little less space is a price worth paying for the location. In 7 minutes you are by the Houses of Parliament or going the other way Waterloo is 5 minutes walk. We needed a central location for visits to Imperial War Museum, Adelphi Theatre, Cabinet War Rooms/Churchill Museum (do go it's a great experience), British Museum for the Terracotta Warriors and the O2 Dome for Tutankhamun. There is also plenty of choice for nearby restaurants at the South Bank, especially useful when the feet are tired and a trip back over the river would be one journey too many. At the price the Premier Inn cannot be faulted - it delivers what it says it will. We are already thinking of a return trip to the world's greatest city	
Mar 31 2008 	Location Location Location	We recently stayed in the Premier Inn County Hall For one night (a Saturday night). The location is brilliant- directly opposite the London Eye, within walking distance of many tourist attractions and the tube station.We all know what Premier Inns are like- no they have no character, but if you are in town for a night and don't want to blow a load of cash on a room, this is an excelent choice- We only needed a room for the night as we had plans for the day, so views and fine firnishings were not important to us- which is usually the case when staying in cities. The rooms are fairly large by city standards, well appointed with a very clean bathroom, the bed was extremely comfortable and we were able to enjoy a good undisturbed night's sleep right in the heart of the city.We had a very enjoyable stay &amp; next time we have to stay overnight in town, we would not hesitate to stay at this Premier Inn again.	
Mar 29 2008 	Just perfect!	Most of the reviews here have it spot on. Absolutely perfect location, good price, clean, comfortable hotel with friendly staff.I stayed here for four nights over the Easter weekend with a friend. On arrival I said I had a reservation for a twin room; they had allocated us a double. I said we really wanted a twin (we're very fond of each other, but.........!). For a few moments it looked like we were going to have a problem, but she found us a very spacious family room (number 607). It was almost two seperate rooms - one with a double bed, and one with a single bed which could clearly also function as a sofa (see lots of other traveller's photos). Lots of space for us both and just perfect.A few points to note for those staying here. - the entrance to the hotel is up a small flight of steps. I am currently walking with a stick due to an ankle injury. The only problem this presented was having to get past the smokers who always seemed to be present on the steps! - you don't have to prebook the breakfast buffet. We didn't and only ate in the hotel on the last morning - they happily took cash from us at the breakfast table. - the hotel is remarkably quiet given the size and number of guests. Slept like a log. - there is a small convenience store directly opposite the hotel for supplies of drinks, snacks, toiletries etc at reasonable prices. - the All Bar One just round the corner does a fantastic weekend brunch. - follow the South Bank signs if exiting at Waterloo underground for the nearest exit to the hotel. - best way to travel to lots of tourist sights from the hotel is the Thames Clipper riverboat service. Very civilised way to travel past St Paul's, Tate Modern, Globe Theatre, Tower of London, HMS Belfast, under Tower Bridge, Canary Warf, Greenwich, all the way to the O2 (Millennium Dome). They even sell beer on board!All in all, I would definitely stay here again on next trip to London.	
Mar 28 2008 	Location Location- family room nice size	As has been said before- a Premier Inn is what is is- very much like a Holiday Inn in the US. The location is fantastic- a quick cab ride when we came in on the Eurostar from Paris on Easter Sunday. You could not be any closer to the London eye which is a great landmark for finding your way back to the hotel.We had a large family room which had a double bed, a twin and almost a thick matress on the floor. Tons of floor space which we needed as two Moms with 2 daughters. The cutoff for this 99 pound room/night (a shame is was really $200/night) is the age of 15 so we quickly dropped a year in age from our daughters! Breakfast for 2 (kids under 16 eat free) for 7.50pounds which at $15 was OK. On day 1, breakfast was so packed at 9am that the hot food line (runny eggs, beans, meats) took about 25 minutes and was not appealing at all. They ran out of mugs and stations were left empty as the staff dealt with the masses.Day two was better so for a complete breakfast without leaving the building it was worth it. You could even order porraige which was like camp oatmeal!There is a taxi stand right and a mini market right out front and you can walk to many of the sites and underground stations. They also sold phone cards to use in the hotel phones to call the US.I was also shocked at how little the front desk staff knew about the area. This is something they should really improve upon as it should be a standard for such a large chain.All &amp; all, fantastic location, lots of space, clean and priced right for a family of 4!	
Mar 23 2008 	excellent location!	My husband booked it so not too sure how it compares price wise to other London hotels (approx 100pounds/night). No complaints acout the location, write next to the Thames and the London eye. Extremely accessible to public transport and enjoyable wander around to most of the city sights i.e Westminster, Houses of Parliamant, Buck. Palace etc. Breakfast was not included, but lots of cafes in the area. We had dinner in the hotel one night and it wasn't particularly enjoyable, can find cheaper and better nearby. No air-con so a bit stuffy in summer (yes it does get hot, even for Australians!) but fans provided which helped greatly. Comfortable, average hotel in excellent location.	
Mar 23 2008 	Spotlessly clean and comfortable but.....	We stayed here during a short break in London from Wednesday March 19 to Saturday March 22.Our room - 222 - was spotlessly clean, the bed comfortable and we received a warm and friendly welcome at reception.Breakfasts were perfectly adequate and I would have rated our experience either 'above average' or 'excellent' had it not been for two problems we encountered. I developed a heavy cold during our stay so we decided not to go out on Friday night as the weather was freezing but instead eat in the hotel's restaurant 'Slice'.We turned up promptly for our 8.00pm booking, ordered our food about 10 minutes later and by 8.50pm had received only a bottle of water and a diet coke.At this stage we explained to a member of staff we could not wait any longer and left the restaurant. We had dinner in an eaterie across the street entitled 'Locale' which was very enjoyable.The weather on Saturday was even worse as was my cold and we decided to pay £25 extra to keep our room until 4.00pm when we were due to depart for Heathrow.We went out for a while but returned around 1.30pm to relax for a couple of hours.On three separate occasions cleaning staff banged on our door demanding to know why we were still there when checkout was at 12.00noon.The situation was further complicated by the fact these people could not understand English.I asked one of the ladies if she spoke French in an attempt to explain the situation. She did not so I went to reception and explained the problem.However, this proved ineffective and once again a cleaner banged loudly on the door. A little more communcation between staff would have avoided this problem.	
Mar 21 2008 	Family friendly and the best location!!	We travelled with a couple of kids and found the hotel in the perfect location. It turned out to be what we were hoping for, clean, quite and cheap. We booked a room overlooking Jubilee Gardens as recommended by another Tripadviser user, and was not disappointed. Breakfast was awesome, the staff lovely. If we could fault the place it would have been the lack of staff knowledge regarding the services around the hotel. Even some handouts would have been useful. Reception wasn't very reliable incoming messages we never got and our wake up call for the day of our departure never happened, leaving us in frantic chaos as our taxi to Gatwick waited downstairs. Would we go back?...hell yes! but next time with an alarm clock and a few print outs of the local services!	
Mar 14 2008 	It's a Premier Inn - no more no less	If you've stayed in a Premier Inn before, you'll know what to expect. The price was good for the location - perfect for tourists and convenient enough for my business visit because the tube/buses are close by. The room was a decent size, clean and everything worked. The bed was actually surprisingly comfortable and I slept very well for 4 nights. The only drawback was that my room overlooked an inner courtyard with a huge array of bins and it was pretty noisy when they were emptied. Breakfast good value at £7.50 and reasonably quiet at 7.30am. Didn't try the restaurant as there are plenty of good places in the area. Staff very pleasant and helpful (even though I was directed to a non-existent taxi rank at 5.30am on my last morning!)If you want a clean, reasonably well furnished room in a prime location, this is a winner. But don't go expecting any character (you'd never know it was in County Hall) or added extras.	
Feb 28 2008	Excellent - Location Efficient Value - Recommended	HIGHLY RECOMMENDED - This hotel is at the &quot;back&quot; of the old GLC building, on the embankment, behind the London Eye. Excellent central location for tourists. Delivers all you need and expect from a quality budget hotel. Front desk staff were efficient when I wanted to book for a few weeks time and they were full on that week, they happily spent a while with me recommending and calling other suitable premier inn properties to find a room. Nice human touch.Massive hotel, but does the job well. We had a very large double room, I guess other rooms could be smaller. Room and Bathroom both clean and modern. Breakfast good value, good choice, hot food and good variety, and efficient despite the size of the hotel.Biggest problem is its almost always full - but its easy to see why.Ideal location as base for sightseeing, but you probably need to book months in advance if you want a room. I guess even more difficult in school holidays etc. It is worth taking the trouble to do that for this property though - you wont regret it.This has got to be possibly THE best location and best value hotel in the entire city. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED	
Feb 26 2008 	Number 26 in the ranking? Must be a joke...	There are two good things about the hotel: the location and the breakfast all you can it for 7.5 pounds. But the &quot;Easy Jet&quot; atmosphere is just depressing. No view what so ever, no light, functional rooms full of messages in purple... If you plan to be away the whole day i guess it is ok. Also very inconvenient: you pay everything as you use and before you use: the room rate, the breakfast, internet, everything. Cutting time on check-out.	
Feb 24 2008	Absolutely brilliant base.	Stayed for only one night with my two daughters,two friends and their daughters, had three rooms between us. On arrival the staff at reception were polite, pleasant and helpful. Our rooms were huge and had spacious bathrooms with plenty of towels supplied. Everything spotlessly clean. After asking a chambermaid if we could have an extra pillow it was cheerfully delivered within minutes. Beds were comfortable and the breakfast excellent,as much as you can eat buffet style with an extensive choice. Kept us all going for hours!The service where you can safely leave your luggage after checking out of the room was again manned by polite members of staff. The location is quite simply superb,just a few minutes walk from Waterloo station its right next to the river and the London eye.We had a very enjoyable walk back from Covent Garden after an evening at the theatre,it was a clear night and the view from the bridge as we approached the County Hall was quite simply breathtaking!We all enjoyed a drink at the hotel's bar to finish the day. This 'no frills' hotel is an excellent base and we shall definitely return.	
Feb 23 2008 	Bang for every buck	We were on a honeymoon and stayed at the hotel from the 2nd of Feb to the 7th of Feb 2008. Here are the pros and cons:Pros:Great Location ... walking distance to the waterloo and west minister tube stations.Large Room Size Comfortable Beds Cons: One needs to lug the bags up the stairs to reach the hotel which can be quite uncomfortable incase u are carrying heavy luggage. No complimentary bottled water in the rooms.The final word, choose this hotel for a comfortable stay and a very helpful reception staff makes it a pleasure. Definitely recommended.	
Feb 22 2008 	Quality time with Family	We had booked tickets to the Tutankahmun Exhibition at the O2 Arena - as it was half term - thought we'd make a short break of it.We stayed at this Hotel for 3 nights, with our two daughters aged 11 and 9. We booked the breakfast also as it seemed good value for money - the children eat free with two paying adults.On arrival we were greeted by very helpful and friendly reception staff - however, we were early (can't book in until 2 pm) - but there is the facility whereby you can leave your luggage - which we did - and ventured out to the big city.Our room was exactly what we needed - we could adjust the temperature which was good - the bathroom was clean and tidy, although a little dated.We had our evening meal at the hotel also - the menu wasn't particularly great - but was palatable - and such good value for money - if you've ordered your meal before 6.30pm - choosing an item from the main menu - the children eat for £1!!! Our first evening - we all had two courses, main and dessert - a drink each - bill came to £37!! Really didn't feel we could complain at that. The surroundings were more than acceptable when travelling with your family.Breakfast selection was outstanding - you really could eat as much as you wanted - with a great choice - and we didn't actually experience any queuing - we went down for breakfast each morning between 8.15-8.30 - it did seem to get busier around 8.45-9.All in all - this was outstanding value for money - for a family trip to London - £134 a night - for the four of us - including breakfast - that's only £33.50 per person per night - bed and outstanding breakfast!!It's not 5* luxury - it's clean, warm, tidy and welcoming - if you want luxury - book at the Marriott next door - and pay their prices too!! If we travel again as a family - then we will most definitely be going back - location perfect, accommodation ideal - no faults whatsoever!!	
Feb 21 2008 	Great hotel in a fab location!!	My family and I visited the Premier Inn County Hall on the 19th January after perusing trip advisor and following recommendations. We booked on line using their website. Tip -Check out their offers page under 'Days Out' there are some great offers particularly in London (current offer -Book Stay at the Hammersmith at a weekend before May 5th and get a family room with full breakfast and entrance for 2 adults and 2 kids into Kew Gardens for £99!!)Premier inn fully met my expectations and more. The location is great and in a central location.- behind the London Eye! On the Thames and next to the Millenium Bridge and bridge over to the Houses of Parliament ... all very easily walkable.Tube is a minute away. The County Hall building has exhibitions and events that are worth checking out. The area felt safeThe hotel was a standard travel inn but the staff are friendly and booking in was painless. We were advised that the room wasnt available until after 14:00 but that we could leave any bags at the reception (great if you just want to go and get on with your day unencumbered) Check out was 12:00 which was also convenient. The room was modern, clean and comfortable with adequate storage. No issues with the bathroom either ... lovely towels and the usual toiletry provision. Shower was good (temp/pressure) We had a view across the field in front of 'Eye' . There are no rooms that directly overlook Thames towards Parliament (The Marriot has all those) There were tea making facilities with tea/ coffee provided (no hot chocolate...) We asked for more provisions and we got them from reception with a smileThere is a Costa cafe and bar within the hotel and when we arrived back from our hectic day out (11pm ish) the bar was open and busy. We noticed people carrying up huge cups of hot chocolate to their rooms .... so we did too ... yummy! £1.80 ish) . There was no noise from downstairs or outside (Mika was doing a concert on the grass area outside the following Monday ... bet it wasn't quiet that night! Wish I had been staying longer!)Beds were extremely comfortable***** 2nd child had a very low level bed but even that was comfortable!Tip Several steps into the hotel... I don't believe there is disabled accessFor first timers ... On the Millenium bridge there is a map that shows the area.... mmmm we thought that the British museum was a short walk .... nope definately get the tube!! Check whether there is any planned tube maintenance at the time you are going.We went to the London dungeon. If you have bought a ticket that is anything accept their own fast track (e.g. Last minute. com ... great discounts! £10) join the end of the probably long queue. There is a McDonalds and coffee shop close to the queue. We ate while we waited! The London Dungeon is not suitable for young children.British museum releases 500 tickets a day for the Terracotta army ... but you have to get there early ... (don't walk...)Tube is so easy to use... if you haven't got a map the 'information centre's ' at the station can provide you with one.THE RED BUS TOURS DO LOCAL FARES... YOU DONT HAVE TO PAY THE FULL PRICE BUT YOU CANT GET OFF AND YOU CAN ONLY TRAVEL IN A LIMITED AREA (I can't remember the name of the company though ... sorry! but it is worth asking) Hope this helps	
Feb 20 2008 	Lovely Hotel With Great Location	My family (wife and two twin girls aged 10) and I stayed at this hotel for three nights whilst visiting London to see two Westend shows, namely The Sound of Music &amp; Grease. All I can say is we had a fantastic time and thoroughly enjoyed this hotel.This is a three star hotel located on one of the best spots in London. It is right beside the London Eye and the Thames river and straight opposite Big Ben. There is lots happening around here with nice walks, River Cruises, Bus trips etc and Waterloo Underground is only 4-5mins walk away. The staff is very polite and helpful and the rooms are very large - We had a family room (No 401) which had two double beds and one single bed, the bathroom was also massive with a double sink.At Waterloo Underground you can get the Bakerloo Line to all the main shopping areas / Theatres very quickly. I bought a daily ticket for £10 and this gave us unlimited access to the Underground all day (Kids are free if 9 or under).When I return to London I will definitely be returning to this hotel as it cost me approx £115 per night for all of us and that included breakfast.	
Feb 14 2008 	Fab Location Good Deal Room could use an update	Stayed for two nights with two children the first weekend of Feb. half term. The room was huge, bigger than we needed for a family of four. The location is fabulous - can not be beat for seeing so much of London. The hotel was very quiet (and I am really sensitive towards noise) between 9:30 pm and 7:30 am the next day. We did breakfast at the hotel one morning, it was crazy busy. The queue was very long - but it moved relatively fast and there was ton of food. Since kids under 16 eat free it is a fabulous deal. We had breakfast the second morning at the bagel place across the street. We paid more for a few bagels etc than the huge meal we had at PTI the day before. Major down side for me was the fact that the room was very institutional (florescent lights, no pictures on walls, plastic-like curtains) and the bathroom needed to be redone. The room was as clean as it could get, but the chairs, etc were worn and it had a shabby quality about it. With that said, I still think I would stay there again due to the location and the price. 99£ a night in London - unless someone can tell me of a nicer place for around the same price or even a little more. Recommend the Soho Pizzaria for a great place to take the kids and great food.	
Feb 5 2008 	Great for Families	You can't get more central than this. £100 for a family of 4 sharing a room makes it really affordable. Avoid the breakfast though as the queues can be long, there are plenty of cafes nearby.	
Jan 27 2008 	Premier Inn - Excellent	Sometimes you wonder about these reviews, but I can tell you first hand, the positive comments are accurate. Premier Inn offers a great value, great rooms and great location. 5 of us flew to London 09JAN08 for 6 days to see the Spice Girls and take in a few shows. We took the Gatwick Express to Victoria Station, bought an Oyster Card for 4/5 (9yr is free on Tube/Bus), and made our way to Waterloo Station. A 4 minute walk from the station and right next to the Eye, we were greeted with a friendly smile, and, although our room wasn't ready @ 11am (check in is at 2pm), we stored our luggage and began sightseeing straightaway. The Eye, the view of Parliament and Big Ben, strolling down the Jubilee Walkway past the National Theatre and all the way down to the Borough Market. The location was perfect with so much to see and so close to Waterloo Station to catch a tube ride to the other sights we planned to see. The rooms were spotlessly cleaned every day, the staff were very helpful, the restaurant food was very impressive, and we even found a shop that served Donor Kabobs about 10 minutes away. Only 2 issues kept this from being an &quot;Excellent&quot; rating: we couldn't check in until 2pm as the room wasn't ready, and there were issues with 1 of the 3 lifts, causing a bit of backup when waiting to ascend/descend. Nothing insurmountable, just minor inconvenience. When we return to London, we will definitely be staying @ the Premier Inn again.	
Jan 26 2008 	Clean good price	While the rooms are not fancy, it was clean. The bathroom was quite spacious by European standards. The bedroom is not much bigger than the bed but you shouldn't be spending time in your room anyway. Great location. The best part is that we arrived fairly early in the morning exhausted and needing showers and they had a room for us. I fully expected to have to wait until 4 pm to get our room. It was a bit on the noisy side. We could hear our neighbors at night and the trash being tossed in the dumpsters in the morning.	
Jan 26 2008 	Great location clean tidy 	We spent 4 nights in mid-December 2007 and found this hotel to be excellent value with a great location. Our room had a great view out to the River Thames and the London Eye. It was an easy walk across Westminster Bridge to view the wonderful Westminster Abbey and the Parliament buildings housing Big Ben.The public transport is plentiful - buses and trains just about everywhere. On top of that there are also a lot of cabs.For a family of four the room was well sized and very clean and neat. The beds were very comfortable and warm. The bathroom had a bath with a shower into it and a heated towel rail. (The toilet seat was cold though =P ).Breakfast was excellent with a wide variety of hot food, cereals, fruit, croissants and bread. There was no waiting for a table.The only thing we would say is that if you are arriving before normal check-in times (I think 1-2pm) you may need to pay for an extra night or pre-arrange early check-in. We arrived at about 8am - too early - but they directed us to where we could change and freshen up and store our bags. We then made the most of a crisp morning and explored Waterloo Station. Waterloo was once the station to catch the Eurostar from but it has now relocated not too far away to St Pancras Station.We totally enjoyed our stay and looked forward to a yummy breakfast each morning.	
Jan 15 2008 	Good value	Whilst you shouldn't expect 5 star luxury at the Premier Inn County Hall, the hotel is worth visiting if you are after the following: 1) a central location within easy reach of many of the more popular attractions (eg the London Eye, the Houses of Parliament); 2) courteous and friendly staff; 3) a fairly basic (but clean and well kept) double room for not much more than £100 per night.	
Jan 10 2008 	Bland but good quality	I stayed at this hotel for two nights with my girlfriend. It was booked due to the generally positive feedback on this site and the proximity to Westminster, where I was working.Check in was a little problematic, as my trip was booked through a travel firm. I eventually pointed out the correct paperwork to the member of staff at reception. There were also some problems trying to arrange for payment of breakfast (one paid in advance, one on the day). Staff tended to be friendly enough, but there were some language problems.Room was clean and very basic, although everything needed for a comfortable stay was provided. The room itself was quiet, but the low cost of rooms seemed to attract a fair amount of noisy 'party drunks'Location is ideal, cost reasonable and restaurant/bar very good for the price.	
Jan 6 2008 	excellent for families	This hotel is a superb base for visiting London. Its value for money, good staff, clean and spacious rooms ina fairly central location. I would thoroughly reccomend staying here.	
Jan 3 2008 	Our third stay :)	The location can not be faulted, the staff were very helpful too.The rooms, each time we have overlooked the inside area, were always very clean, tidy and of a good standard.A lovely two night break, with perfect location to see the New Years Eve fireworks, and return to the hotel on foot within a couple of minutes.We had the breakfast both mornings and the variety was very good, as much as you can eat for £7.50. There were queues for the hot food, but this is to be expected as hotel was very busy. The staff were very quick to clear and reset tables.On the whole a very well organised hotel, which we will of course be returning to again and again :)	
Jan 2 2008 	Location is good - hotel is ok	Our family booked 2 rooms here over Christmas for 4 days. The locations is really good - rght at the London Eye and within a short walk from Westminster and Waterloo tube stations. Hotel was quiet but very basic and as others noted, dated. Rooms were on the large side but expect little service - you get what you pay for. Long lines for breakfast. Definitely better priced than the Marriott next door. Keep expectations low and be happy with the location.	
Dec 31 2007 	Very Dated but great location and service	We booked several rooms here for a large family from Nov 18-20, 2007. The reception people were extremely accommodating and helpful. The full breakfast was excellent--many choices and quite efficient. The location as others have mentioned is great and very scenic. The rooms themselves were comfortable but the decor was &quot;Travelodge circa 1965.&quot; Avoid the Italian restaurant directly across the street--the food was not good. Overall, probably a good value for London.	
Dec 30 2007 	Very Good Value and Location	We booked two nights for a family break in London between Christmas and New Year.Although not cheap it compared well on price with other hotels that we searched in central London.It is located in the County Hall building and the location is great, next to the London Eye and directly over Westminster Bridge from the Houses of Parliament, within walking distance of Trafalgar Square, close to two tube stations and with relatively cheap parking nearby.The hotel is standard Premier Travel Inn in its' fixtures and furniture, with quite spacious, clean and comfortable rooms and bathrooms. The staff were very welcoming and helpful. The bar area was pleasant. We didn't try the restaurant in the evening but the breakfast was very good value (particularly with two hungry children eating for free!) and of a high standard with wide choice.We would recommend this hotel for families,couples or business travellers looking for good value in central London.	
Dec 24 2007 	Good location	Stayed here for a training course on the other side of the Thames. Wonderful to get up in the morning and see the Thames from the bedroom window and be walking alongside it within 2 minutes of leaving the hotel; and to return to see the London Eye and the Houses of Parliament illuminated at night.The position of the hotel was excellent and I was able to reach Oxford Street or Covent Garden within 20 minutes on foot. Booking in central London I had wondered about noise at night, but it was as quiet as my home town in Yorkshire.	
Dec 24 2007 	Good value	Two of us stayed for 2 nights in December 2007. We found the hotel lives up to its generally good reviews on Tripadvisor. Reasonable price (GBP99 plus 7.50 each for breakfast). Reasonably large room, clean and with a view of the river. Convenient for tube and bus, as well as for walks along the river via the South Bank. Royal Festival Hall is &quot;next door&quot;. Trafalgar Square and Charing Cross just mionutes away on foot. Staff very friendly and helpful. Good breakfast, not crowded. We did not try the dinner, for there are some excellent restaurants just opposite. Good, safe facilities to leave luggage.I got an electronic request for a review from the hotel the day after leaving: good idea.We shall go back!	
Dec 23 2007 	Great value and location for families	Large and clean family room (with separate beds for the kids), helpful staff and good breakfast in an unbeatable location. Great price (£114 for a family of 4). Would definitely recommend it and stay again if need to be near the main facilities.	
Dec 23 2007 	Gem in the Heart of London	We have just returned from a 3 night stay at this hotel and booked through word of mouth as family had stayed there before in the past. We had a family room, it was very spacious, clean and comfortable. The breakfasts are based on a buffet style eat as much as you like and are great value, exceptional quality and set you up for the day. Fantastic hotel, friendly staff that couldn't do enough for you, wonderful food and a great location. Exceeded expectations.	
Dec 18 2007 	Great location and service with a smile:)	Just got back from a 3 night stay and we totally enjoyed ourselves.I would like to say thank you to all those who have previously posted,and given this hotel such good reviews! The problem with such good reviews can be the high expections you arrive at the hotel with,however,in this case, everything turned out to be true.The location is perfect.We had our daughters,ages 6 and 9 with us and we enjoyed walking to covent garden,trafalgar square,Buckingham palace++++.With or without children the location is great!Our room was clean and fresh with comfortable beds.A good nights sleep was had by all.The staff were friendly,helpful and always cheerful and smiling.This will certainly be our first choice of hotel whenever staying in London,which hopefully will be some time in the near future.:)	
Dec 16 2007 	stay here for excellent value for money	We stayed here for the weekend of December 14th-16th. I cannot express enough what great value for money for such a clean and well positioned hotel. Only 5 mins walk to the nearest tube (waterloo). Right next to the london eye, the River Thames and across the water from Big Ben. The staff were all very pleasent. I recommend their all you can eat buffet breakfast, as we were a family of 4 the 2 children eat free at breakfast, all the food was of high quailty and lasted us till our evening meal.I will be recommending this hotel to anyone who is travelling to London, and shall be staying there again whenever I visit London again.	
Dec 9 2007 	Perfect Family Location	What a location. Perfect for families. Such an instantly recognizeable neighbourhood, you certainly know you're in London with the London Eye and Parliament House on your doorstep. I can thoroughly recommend the buffet breakfast especially as we were a family of 4 and the children (10 and 13) ate free so GBP15.00 for all you can eat is fantastic value. Public areas of the hotel were clean and fresh, restaurant and bar offered a pleasant atmosphere to return to at the end of the day. All the staff I encountered were very polite and welcoming and the room was just as I anticapted. Excellent size, great beds, even the sofa and rollaway for the children were comfortable. I was very pleased with myself for finding this treasure after hours of research. We enjoyed walking to many sights from the location, St James Park, Covent Garden, Buckingham Palace and we also used the 'normal buses' a lot as the children were free. Would advise all families travelling to London to consider this hotel due to price, location and value for money.	
Dec 4 2007 	London on your hotel doorstep.	I've stayed here many times as it is an excellent base for a few days sight-seeing, shopping, museum visiting and theatre-going. It has been an excellent base for family trips with my wife and son and most recently a trip I made with an old school friend.The rooms are clean and spacious, the beds comfortable and there are tea and coffee making facilities in the room. The bathrooms are small but have all you need including good supplies of soap and shower gel. Some of the rooms have a view, others look out onto an internal courtyard, but if you came to London to look out of the hotel window perhaps you should have stayed at home!The hotel is about a 5minute walk from the Houses of Parliament, Trafalgar Square, Waterloo and Charing Cross stations and about 10 minutes walk from Covent Garden. It is excellently placed for tube transport being about 5 minutes walk from 3 tube stations (Westminster, Embankment and Waterloo). The buffet breakfast is a bit pricey especially if you only want coffee and cereal. But if you tuck in to the full english cooked breakfast it will keep you going until mid afternoon.The staff are always friendly and helpful. If you are going to London look no further for a place to stay.	
Dec 2 2007	Excellent customer service	Stayed in this hotel overnight on 1/12/07- I was visiting London with my sister to see the Tutankhamun exhibition and the location of this Premier Inn is perfect. Its proximity to the London Eye and the Waterloo water taxi pier is ideal . The staff were very friendly and helpful. I suffer from claustrophobia and cannot go in lifts. In hotels I always ask for a low floor and take the stairs . Unfortunately due to the historic listed status of this hotel the fire exit staircase cannot be used unless you are accompanied by a member of the staff. I probably would not have booked this hotel if I had known this before we went . However the staff were wonderful ,so helpful ,it was no trouble for them at all to accompany me any time I requested this service.We also had a rather nasty fright at 4 am in the morning when a fault with the adjoining Marriott hotels fire alarm set ours off. Thus a rather disturbed nights sleep and true to their guarentee we did not have to pay for our room . The service was impeccable ,hotel room clean and bed incredibly comfortable, I think the matresses they used are made by Hypnos . All in all 5* for service,position and value	
Nov 27 2007 	Superb Hotel	My wife and i stayed here for 2 nights,24th/25th November,and its easily one of the best hotels for value and location in London. Last year we stayed at The Marriott which is also within County Hall and the Premier Inn beat it.The room was big enough,very clean and equipped with all the basic things you would require for your stay.We ate in the restaurant on the first night prior to going to see a show and it was really good food and good value too.The bar prices are not a rip off either like they were at the Marriott.Breakfast was also very good and excellent value too at all you can eat for £7.50,with loads of different things to choose from to suit all appetites.The staff also are particularly very helpful and friendly.The location can not really be beaten,as it is pretty much central for all the major sights and attractions.We WILL be staying at this hotel again next year,and would highly recommend it to anyone.	
Nov 27 2007	Great base for families	Nothing much to add to all of the positive reviews, except to confirm that this hotel lives up to the high praise. Given its location, this property is great value.Stayed there for four nights with my wife and daughter from Thursday to Monday. When we checked in at 12 noon, our room (which was enormous) was ready for us. Special mention for Nadine at reception. Like all of the staff, she could not have been more helpful or welcoming.The quality and variety of the food for breakfast was excellent. Sometimes you have to queue for a few minutes, but no major problems.For anybody, but especially those with children, looking for a central base from which to explore London, you will not find better than this at these prices.	
Nov 17 2007 	Great location and price	This hotel is a very short walk from the London Eye and a five minute walk to Waterloo station. The rooms are exactly what you would expect from a Premier Inn, so you know what you're getting before you get there. However, the price for a central London Hotel was excellent and it was worth paying extra for a buffet breakfast. Yes, it gets busy at breakfast time but the staff work very hard to turn things around quickly. All in all, I would recommend this hotel and will stay there again next time I'm in London.	
Nov 15 2007 	wonderful stay	Myself and a friend from work stayed here for twelve days. I can't say enough about this hotel. The room was immaculate, the staff were friendly, warm and very helpful. All the staff were wonderful and esp. a very nice young man named Shawn. The location was great being on a traffic restricted street and close to the eye, the river and Westminster bridge. We enjoyed our stay very much. Nobody could go wrong by booking a stay here. If you do, you won't regret it. You cannot beat the value.	
Nov 12 2007 	Excellent hotel	We agree with all the glowing reviews of this hotel. We stayed for two nights and could not fault the friendliness of all the staff we met. Our room was extremely large and the bed was one of the most comfortable I have slept in. Breakfast was a buffet meal with plenty of choice. Location was excellent. What more can you ask for!	
Nov 10 2007 	Book This Hotel You Won't Find Better !!	This hotel is EXCELLENT. We stayed in October, myself, husband and two kids. Our room was HUGE. Seriously it could have easily accommodated a family of 6. The staff are the friendliest I have ever encountered. The location is SECOND TO NONE. Trust me, I used to live in London and you will not get better than this. County Hall is an old georgian building and the hotel occupies some of it. Also in the same building are restaurants, an amusement arcade and the London Eye ticket Office. The London Eye is right next to the hotel and your views from the restaurant and from many rooms is the London Eye. A 2 minute stroll from the hotel takes you to the banks of the Thames and Big Ben and the Houses of Parliament. 2 tube stations are very close by : Waterloo and Westminster. It is spotlessly clean. The bar and restaurant are exceptional value and if you have kids they are allowed in all areas. If you want to have dinner in the centre then a couple of stops of the tube will get you there. Top tip : if you want to go on the London Eye, you can go in a pod with or without a guide. It is well worth paying the extra £2 pp for the guide. Firstly he/she will point out all points of interest. Secondly you bypass the ticket queue and go straight to ticket booth 14. Thirdly when the time comes for your guided ride, you skip the huge queues to get on.	
Nov 5 2007 	Excellent family friendly hotel great location	My husband and I just spent 3 nights at this hotel with our 2-year old son. It exceeded my expectations for value, location and family friendliness. All the staff were warm, helpful and courteous, from those at the reception to those in the restaurant and even those we met randomly in the elevator! We booked a family room with a double bed and a day bed for our toddler (cots/cribs available on request). The room was large and very clean. We also prepaid to have breakfast in the hotel, which was very good. They seemed to have every breakfast item imaginable available and all you can eat - including hot dishes, like eggs, baked beans, porridge and sausage, as well as a wide selection of yogurts, muffins, cereal, fruit, bread, croissants... Kids under 16 eat free with their parents. As others have said, best to arrive before 8:15/8:30 on Sat/Sunday mornings to avoid the line though.The hotel is right next to the London Eye and the location can't be beat. You can walk to both Tates, Houses of Parliament, West End, Picadilly Circus, etc., plus the Waterloo station tube is just a couple blocks away and a taxi stand is near the hotel entrance. There are also several family friendly restaurants 5 minutes from the hotel near Royal Festival Hall, including Giraffe (riverside - kids get a free balloon, too!) and Pizza Express (street side in front of the Royal Festival Hall). I have never seen so many babies and toddlers eating out with their parents in my life. Wish we had the same tot friendly options in Paris... If you don't like kids it's easy to spot which restaurants to avoid though.If you have kids they will also love all the street performers near the London Eye - there are several people dressed like statues, several others singing and playing guitar, etc. Even though Eurostar will be closing its operations at Waterloo in a couple weeks we will definitely stay here again. Thanks to all those who left previous reviews as we had a very nice stay.	
Nov 5 2007 	Location Location Location	This has got to be the best value in London. Our room for three persons GBP99 per night. The hotel is located in a street with restricted traffic but nestled between the River Thames and Waterloo Station, Westminster Bridge and the London Eye. All the staff we had contact with were friendly, helpful and efficient. I have absolutely no reservations in recommending this hotel to tourists and travellers.	
Nov 3 2007 	Good experience!	Excellent stay. Quiet, good rooms, good location, good value when comparing to other London hotels. Breakfast excellent, although not exactly dirt cheap. Had twice excellent dinners in the restaurant and all the personal was friendly and professional.	
Oct 30 2007 	Superb Value Hotel.	Stayed at this hotel last weekend with my wife and 7 year old daughter.What a great place too stay.Location is good.We could easily walk too the west end and Trafalgar Square,Buckingham palace.Room was spacious and very clean.Slept well with no noise at all.Having read some peoples reviews on queues at the breakfast buffet we took the advise and arrived for brekfast just on 8:30AM no queue and got what we wanted.10Mins later it was very busy.The staff were very helpful and friendly.We will definetly stay here every time we visit London.	
Oct 26 2007	Great employees	My sister and I stayed here for a whole week! We slept like babies here. The hotel employees that we encountered were polite and without exception, went over our expectations of good service...extra towels, very clean room (we could not tell how the bed was made when we left stuff on it and when we returned, the bed was made and the stuff was exactly like we left it). The night clerk even charged my camera battery on the hotel's computer! It seems that the hotel employees really cared if we had a good stay there. Not just a job for them. Oh, the mattress was very comfortable, and there was enough hotwater for two people and a hot tub soak at the end of the day!	
Oct 25 2007 	Great Place to Stay	We were a party of nine people who stayed at this hotel over a weekend. The location is brilliant being next to the London Eye and a very short walk from Westminster Bridge and the Houses of Parliament. There were lots of staff on duty, particularly at breakfast, who went out of their way to be helpful. The breakfast was good value at £7.50 for an eat as much as you like buffet, children under 16 eat free. The choice of food was excellent, well presented, fresh and plentiful even though the breakfast room was very busy. Our rooms were larger than average for this type of hotel. I would definitely return.	
Oct 24 2007	decent basic hotel	Our stay was for two nights in the October half term Holiday. There were three of us, two adults and one child. We had a double bed and a single bed and a room that was larger than usual for this hotel chain. The restaurant serves basic pub food at a reasonable price for central London and the drinks were fairly priced too. The breakfast is good value but the restaurant was so busy on our second morning that I asked for a refund (which was given promptly and without fuss) rather than choosing to wait in the very long queues for the buffet.The location is fantastic, right next to the London eye and opposite big ben and the houses of parliament. The walk to westminster and waterloo tube stations was about ten minutes for each.All in all, very good value and we will be staying here again.	
Oct 24 2007 	Great Location!	Stayed in this hotel for a weekend in October for our first wedding anniversary. Our hotel room was huge and we could see the london eye from the window! Really good location, close to 2 undergrounds so easy to get aound. Had breakfast and dinner in the hotel and they were both excellent! Room wasn't noisy and check-in staff were very polite, as were bar staff. Would definetely stay there again!	
Oct 22 2007	perfect stay and great price	Have just returned from a two night weekend break here to celebrate our wedding anniversary. Myh husband bought dirty dancing tic\kets!It really is brillaint - fantastic location right next to the eye and great roomsThe bar and restuarant are realy good too - perfoect to relax after a day sightseeing	
Oct 20 2007 	Huge room good price good location	My husband and I stayed 4 nights at the hotel. We arrived late at night from Paris on the Eurostar, which stops at Waterloo Station, a few minutes' walk from the hotel. Check-in was quick and smooth, though we had to pay for our room up-front. Our room was huge, especially in comparison to the tiny room we had in Paris. There was a loose tile under the carpet, in front of the bathroom door- not too much of a bother. The bathroom had a bit of a weird smell. It bothered me the bathroom door doesn't stay open (something about the steam setting off the fire alarm...speaking of which, there is a test alarm each Thursday morning at 10:30am). The closest U is steps away at Waterloo station, while Westminster Abbey &amp; station is just across the bridge. We did not have breakfast or any other meals at the hotel- there are many options nearby.	
Oct 17 2007 	Great reasonably priced hotel	I spent a Saturday night here with my husband and 2 kids (aged 7 and 9) on a 24 hour trip to London to see a show.As other reviewers have mentioned the location was great, with lots of restaurants, bars and cafes nearby. Check in was fast and efficient. They also gave each of the kids a pack with colouring sheets and coloured pencils. The room was great - perfect for what we needed. There was a double bed, single bed and an extra mattress on the floor. The beds were very comfortable. There was a TV, ample wardrobe space and tea and coffee making facilities. The bathroom was clean with a shower over the bath.The breakfasts were good quality and value - £7.50 for an all you could eat hot and cold buffet, and the children ate free. I'm sure we ate way more than £15 worth of food!The hotel felt very secure with your room key required for the lifts and also the front door in the evening.We paid £100 for the room for the 4 of us directly with the hotel.All in all we were very impressed with the hotel and wouldn't hesitate to stay again if we're visiting central London.	
Oct 16 2007 	Great Central Location	Stayed in this hotel for a week in October, 2007. What do visitors to a city want? Great location, good meals, clean and tidy place to stay. It is all here. Many of the most popular tourist sites are within easy walking distance, but for more distant locations, tube and bus service is very convenient to this hotel. We did not have meals in the hotel but would have if there had not been so many other interesting choices nearby. This is not a luxury hotel nor my choice for a romantic weekend, but they have the basics covered very well. And the price is exactly right.	
Oct 13 2007 	great location	we stayed for new years eve and found the hotel to be great. it's location is very central right next to the Eye, the thames &amp; aquarium. it's within walking distance to big ben, parliament, traf sq., &amp; many other sights. the tube is just across the bridge. our check in was quick &amp; the staff were very pleasant. the room was spacious, clean and modern with tv and tea making facilities.  the hotel has a restaurant and bar which were busy, but it's location means that there are plenty of places to eat/drink nearby. we paid £100 per night but it was a peak time of year, even so we thought it was great value for money and we would stay there again.	
Oct 10 2007 	Excellent value excellent location	We stayed here for three nights at the end of September. The location in County Hall is excellent - directly next to the London Eye, London Aquarium and just walking distance across the Thames from Westminster and Trafalgar Square. The room (smoking) was clean and not too small. There was shampoo / showergel and soap available as well as a hairdryer. Coffee and tea-making facilities were also in the room. In the foyer there were vending machines for soft drinks and snacks. There is a free left-luggage room. We didn't use the restaurant but the food on offer did look good and was reasonably priced.The staff were friendly and helpful.The price was very reasonable considering the location and quality of service. I would definitely recommend this hotel.The best thing: we had a view of the London Eye from our window!	
Oct 8 2007 	Good Stay	My boyfriend and I stayed for 6 nights the last week of September. The hotel is very clean. Rooms are on the small side, but not cramped. While the bed was a bit hard, the comforter was very soft and comforting. The hairdryer included in the room was surprisingly good. The location was right in County Hall. The London Eye is right around the corner, Waterloo Int'l is about a 5-10 minute walk and Big Ben is just on the other side of the bridge. The area was quiet, which was great for sleeping, but not much going on at night. We had the buffet breakfast only once. While it was good enough, at 7,50 Pounds pp it was a bit pricey. There is a decent bagel store right across the street as well as a Starbucks and convenience store (which is open pretty late). Also in Waterloo Int'l station there are lots of places to get breakfast. Buses and Tube stations were accessible from the hotel, which made it great to get around. The location was great for catching a very early Eurostar train to Brussels.	
Oct 4 2007 	Excellent value	This hotel is right next to Westminster Bridge and behind County Hall. The room we had was very big, spotless and comfortable. The staff were friendly and we had a hassle free stay. We drove to London and the staff directed us to two car parks. We chose Upper Marsh at £10.50 for 24 hours it was about half the price of the other one. It was very secure with a security guard who could see the cars from his office.	
Oct 3 2007 	Excellent stay with 2 kids	I choose this hotel after reading many reviews about this one as well as others. For a London budget hotel, it is an excellent selection and a very good value for your money. The room is clean, breakfast diverse enough in a buffet style (children eat free as already mentioned in other reviews up to 16 year old), and the service is very good and polite. The location is also very good, just near the London Eye and not too far from Waterloo tube station, however, in contrast to other reviews, it is not a 2 minute walk, it is more close to 5 minute walk and this is important if you consider taking the tube to Heathrow. It's not as easy as it sounds but it is possible. You also have to change the line with the luggage.We were a group of 4 persons: parents with a 11 and 16 years old. We stayed in a large family room which was well-suited to the family needs. For a hotel it's an excellent solution. We stayed at London before and choose an apartment for a longer stay but this time we stayed one night at the hotel and it was a perfect value for the money, however for a longer stay (such as a week), it is still possible to use the family room but much more space in an apartment if you a lot of stuff.For a pleasant stay without too big expectations and taking the price into consideration, I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Oct 2 2007 	Excellent value for money	I spent 2 week nights in the PTI County Hall in September 2007.Overall, I was very happy with the hotel. The location is great with the London Eye practically on the doorstep and Waterloo tube station is only about a 5 minute walk away. I found the staff to be very friendly and efficient.I booked a twin room and we were given a family room with a double bed and converted sofa. Both beds were comfortable and the room was spacious, bright, clean and modern. The room was priced at £99 per night which in comparison to the majority of hotels in London, this was excellent value when you consider the location and standard of the accommodation.We availed of the breakfast both mornings - it was an eat all you want buffet at a price of £7.50 a head. This was quite good and not bad value.The hotel serves food until 11 pm and there is a bar which serves until 1am. This was very handy as pubs in London close at 11 on week nights. So it was great to come out after a show and head back to the hotel for a night cap.Would highly recommend this hotel to my own friends and family.When in London, try and fit in a visit to The London Dungeon - it's great fun but not suitable for young children.	
Oct 2 2007 	Perfect for visiting London with kids	The kids wanted to go to London to see the sights and this hotel was perfect, with Big ben and the London eye right on our doorstep! Our kids were 4 and 5 at the time and the hotel was perfect for us. The room was enourmous and comfortable, the staff were the most helpful I have ever encountered, the breakfast was excellent-no complaints at all. Waterloo tube station was handy as was the Big Bus stop and with a lovely pizza express just down the road-we would definately stay here again and recommend to anyone visiting the capital with kids!	
Oct 1 2007	Great place	We just returned from a 4-night stay at the Premier Travel Inn Country Hall and it was great! Seems to be a bargain price for good accomodations in the uber-expensive city of London. Location was perfect for sightseers - right by the London Eye, the Thames, Westminster Bridge, Houses of Parliment, and Big Ben. 5 minutes walking distance to both Westminster Station and Waterloo Station for quick tube access. There's a McDonald's in the County Hall Building, and lots of quick eats in the always-busling Waterloo Station.The check-in was extremely quick and check-out even quicker. Front desk staff was very warm and friendly. Room was bigger than I expected for London, and super clean. They did not supply washcloths (which seems common for Europe), so bring your own (we did). There was also no alarm clock in the room, we were supposed to have one on the TV or phone but couldn't get either to work - the desk staff was great and reliable with wake-up calls though. Check in time was 2 PM and our room was not ready until then, which was fine - the hotel provided easy bag storage while we waited.I would definitely stay here again!	
Sep 23 2007	Great Place in London	With 13 of my work colleagues, I stayed at this hotel for two nights over the August bank holiday weekend. We were celebrating a work anniversary and wanted to stay somewhere in London that wouldn't involve lots of tube or bus travelling. We wanted to go to the theatre in the West End and take a ride on the London Eye. This hotel was the only affordable option and it proved to be very good value. The hotel itself was fine though it would not be the place to stay if you want luxury. The rooms were on average £100 per night for two people (although you could have had one or two children as well in some of the rooms) and the breakfast was extra. It's best feature is its location right on the South Bank and where you can walk to much that is attractive in London in the summer. The hotel doesn't seem to have twin rooms so if you book a twin, you will be given a triple or quad room which comprises a double bed and then a separate single bed really intended for a child but perfectly adequate. The bathrooms are perfectly adequate as are the tea making facilities, TV and temperature control.If the hotel is busy be sure to take your breakfast before 8.30am or after 10am as the room gets very crowded and the layout of the cold food, hot food and drinks is such that you end up queuing for ages. But there is masses of food and £7.50 each could be good value if you are hungry.The South Bank itself was like a circus over the weekend with performers and musicians all along the walkway. The Hungerford foot bridge and Waterloo bridge made Trafalgar Square and the West End easily accessible within 20 minutes walking - and the walk back in the dark was magical with a full moon shining through the London Eye and the river lit up like a firework.The National Theatre had a free dance festival on the South Bank too which was a real bonus. We also had a group meal at a small Italian restaurant called Pizza Paradiso in The Cut near Waterloo station which was excellent value with very good service.. The only thing we would not recommend is to walk near Waterloo station late at night as it can be a bit scary.We had a truly brilliant weekend and would recommend this as a good option for a London visit for families as well as adults. Just be prepared to walk a bit and you will see masses - and then when you don't want to walk any more, get on a boat and head up or down the Thames for some wonderful sightseeing.	
Sep 22 2007 	Excellent location; good base	We stayed for 3 nights midweek. We have stayed a numerous PTIs in the UK and this was very much the usual formula for the room. Decent bedroom &amp; bathroom facilities with enough room to turn round without bumping in to the furniture. Extra pillows and towels were on the wardrobe unit if required, so easy to hand. We did have to ask at reception for the decaff. coffee - came away with that &amp; extra biscuits! Our room looked on to a lightwell within the building - there was secondary glazing which cut out street noise very well - we left the windows open when we were out so the room didn't get too hot, but there was little sun around.We didn't use the hotel's restaurant at all - there are several restaurants across the road &amp; within 5 minutes in the South Bank complex that we used in the evening plus an &quot;Eat&quot; that we used for breakfast.The location is very good - we walked from the hotel all the time apart from going to/from the station for our journey.	
Sep 20 2007	hemmed in with the coachloads	Stayed here for eight days while attending business. Clean, basic room, through full of parents with kids (the room costs one price no matter how many people in it). The location was convenient. Not really my cup of tea, but not bad either . To connect to the internet from your room costs an absolute fortune!	
Sep 19 2007 	Clean and comfortable	Stayed here in March 07.Easily reached by Tube.Good value by London standards. Comfortable.Lacking in atmosphere, but as a base to use for a visit to London it's unbeatable.Will stay again next time I visit London.	
Sep 17 2007 	Good value for money	This hotel is in a great location and has good facilities for the price.Air con would be good as it gets very warm, and can be noisy with the windows open. But £99 for a view of the Lonodn Eye is a steal in London!	
Sep 16 2007	Great Value/Location in Expensive City	Highlights: Great location - unbelievably central; Very reasonable; C-Store and bagel shop across the street; Great for kids. Lowlights: No AC; Rooms are very spare.Great price for London!	
Sep 7 2007 	Great base for London	This was our home for a 5 day visit to London. It was located between 4 major tube stops which made traveling easy. The room itself was small but well laid out. There were 4 of us, in a family room, with one double and two twin beds. One bed we called &quot;the rock&quot; but the the other two were pretty comfortable. The bathroom was tiny but the shower was great. We opted for the breakfast buffet each morning- kids eat free, which is a great deal. It was a very large, English breakfast buffet and set us up to skip lunch. The food was great, although we only had breakfast there, the restaurant does serve other meals. The hotel is right beside the London Eye (recommended!) and there is a great walk along the South Bank there. True there are hordes of tourists but the location and views make up for it. I would love to stay at this hotel again. Service in the lobby and from the maids was far above average for a hotel in this price range.	
Sep 6 2007 	Clean modern spacious budget hotel in a fabulous location	For the money it is difficult to find fault with this hotel. Situated in Central London, right next to the London Eye and across the river from Big Ben &amp; the Houses of Parliament. The hotel is a few minutes walk from either Waterloo or Westminster tube stations, so travelling to London's attractions is easy. The rooms, whilst basic in decor, are clean, modern and, unusually for London, incredibly spacious. For this money don't expect great views from your bedroom window, though - the adjoining Marriott hotel guests get those, but lets face it they have paid considerably more money for the privilege! Hotel staff are extremely friendly, and great with kids. The only downside is the busy restaurant at breakfast time that struggles to cope with demand - silly queues if you want your bacon and eggs. Whilst the food is fine, there is a perfectly good cafe across the road from the hotel that serves up an excellent breakfast, but without the wait !	
Sep 3 2007 	Does exactly what it says on the tin...almost	As is clear from its website, this hotel offers you reasonably comfortable accommodation in a central London location for less than £100. Other reviewers have commented on its proximity to the London Eye, the Aquarium, Westminster Bridge, the Houses of Parliament, Westminster Abbey and Waterloo Station. It is also five minutes away from the South Bank Centre and both the National Theatre and the Hayward Gallery, not to mention the rich choice of restaurants in the area. And the walk from the Premier Travel Inn to the Old Vic (where Diana Rigg is currently starring in All About my Mother) is no more than ten minutes.The hotel itself is functional as opposed to aesthetically pleasing. I booked a double room which was quite large, but the bathroom was quite dimly lit and the minuscule towels were designed for midgets instead of those of us with middle-aged spreads. The bed was very comfortable and there's a small television set which was perfectly okay. My room faced onto the courtyard which functions as the service area of the hotel. Although this area could be noisy during the day, it was fine at night and I slept soundly for the duration of my stay.The breakfast - priced at £7.50 is exceptionally good value. It entitles you to a fry and to a healthy range of yoghurts and fruit salads. The coffee was also of a high calibre. The hotel is very popular with large families and the queue for breakfast on my first morning was very lengthy round about 9.30 a.m. But I simply arrived a half an hour earlier the following day and there was no queue.All in all, the Premier Travel Inn lived up to the promises of its website. It is not a luxury hotel But it is comfortable, good value for money and situated in the right location.	
Sep 2 2007 	excellent value for the money	At the risk of being repetitive......very spartan accommodations, very cheap, friendly staff, excellent location, old building with large rooms. Without a doubt it does not get any better than this as far as value for the money. However, if your trip is a special occasion with a significant other, I would pay more and go somewhere else (if you can afford it). One more thing, the hotel used to be called Comfort Inn County Hall, so if your limo driver or taxi driver does not know it by Premier Travel Inn, try that name.	
Sep 1 2007 	Great central London budget Hotel	Great budget location next to the London Eye and half the price of the neighbouring Marriott. Convenient to all the central London attractions. A pleasant 5 minute walk over Westminster Bridge brings you to Westminster tube station and Parliament Square. In ten minutes you can walk to Trafalgar Square and in 15 minutes you are in theatre land, Covent Garden and Soho.Extremely helpful and friendly staff, nice clean ensuite rooms with Double bed and roll out couch. No aircon but fans are standard in every room and do the job. Breakfast is extra but is substantial for £7 with a buffet serving everything from cereal and toast to full cooked breakfast. Great noodle bar over the road for an evening snack.	
Aug 30 2007 	Great value - Great location	I would have to agree with previous posters - the hotel's location is excellent - 2 mins from waterloo train station, right beside London Eye and Westminster.Breakfast was good but aim to arrive before 9am as it's very busy after 9. Rooms were basic but spacious enough for us - 2 adults,2kids.Overall, I would be happy to stay again.	
Aug 30 2007 	Premier Travel Inn - great price and location	This chain is reasonably priced and clean. This property has great locations, large rooms, clean, telephones (some properties do not have phones in rooms) and a good restaurant. The staff was friendly and helpful.Our room for four was one queen, one day bed and one cot. The room was large enough to accomodate that and luggage. Marriot is down the street, but for the the price and location, we would return County Hall.	
Aug 27 2007 	Suberb Location	Booked this hotel taking into account tripadvisor reviews. We were not disappointed. Check in was efficient and friendly. We arrived early and were impressed with their system for leaving luggage.The room was very large with ample space for 2 adults and 2 children. It overlooked the garden with a side view (yes head out of window) to see the London Eye. The Marriott has all the rooms on the front with direct views.The location is perfect for exploring, with many attractions within easy walking distance. Waterloo Undreground is a five minute walk for further afield. An Oyster Card was a bargain as it limits your cost to £4.60 per day. This can be used on both bus and tube. We had torrential rain all three days and so this was a godsend.We found the staff at the hotel to be friendly and helpful apart from one night receptionist who took some time to resolve a problem with our keys which would not work.Breakfast was fine with a good selection for all tastes and diets. Go earlier rather than later to avoid queueing.Apart from the &quot;Eye&quot;, the Duck Tour is also on the doorstep. It was different but we thought overpriced at £55 for a family of four and it only took an hour.We would certainly stay again, it cannot be beaten for families.The only negative was allowing a staff member to arrange our taxi on leaving. We were charged far more than a black cab on arrival.	
Aug 27 2007 	Great Hotel in Central London	Great Location. Clean rooms with lots of space. Good buffet breakfast. Good prices for central London. This was a Fodor's Choice in their 2006 Great Britain book. We had 10 people including 4 children, who stay and eat free. The location is wonderful. Five minutes to Westminister Abby, Waterloo Station and 2 minutes to the London Eye.We will use this hotel when ever we are in London.	
Aug 26 2007 	9 out of 10	Stayed here for 3 nights ..Delighted with the room ..Spotlessly clean ,everything you could need and a great shower ..Hotel staff friendly and helpful ..The breakfast was good ..It's great that kids eat free ..There's lots of choice and the food is of a good standard.. Unfortunately the queuing system causes problems ..There are supposedly two queues , one for &quot;hot&quot; food , and one for everything else , but this isn't made clear and breakfast can turn out to be a bit of a mayhem	
Aug 22 2007	What a surprise	What a wonderful surprise. Our room was spacious and clean with a well sized bathroom and shower. The Hotel staff/Cleaning Staff were pleasant and extremely helpful. We ate breakfast in the restaurant everyday and it was consistenly good. I would stay here again.	
Aug 21 2007	Great place to stay	I stayed with my three teenage children on August 12-16, 2007. Prior to arrival, I was concerned since we were all staying in one room, and that there was no air conditioning. Not to worry - the location is fantastic, and there was no need for air conditioning, even after a hot day. The room was spartan, but very clean and comfortable for 4 people. The enormous breakfast was an additional fee, but up to 2 children can eat for free with one paid adult. The hotel is within the County Hall complex which contains the Marriott Hotel, the Aquarium, the London Eye, several exhibits and an arcade that was open till midnight. Our friends stayed at the Marriott and paid nearly three times more money for a fancier room. My kids enjoyed the restaurants that were just outside the front door, and we frequently used the free Wi-Fi at Ned's Noodle Hut. Waterloo and Westminster stations were easily within walking distance, and it was great to have the London Eye and Big Ben just outside your door. I would highly recommend this hotel for families or people looking for comfortable accomodations at a reasonable rate.	
Aug 18 2007 	Brilliant Location	Me, my husband and twin boys stayed at this hotel for one night. It was an excellent hotel, located near the London Eye on the banks of the river Thames. It was also located extremely close to Waterloo station, which was ideal for picking up the tube. I have stayed in Premier Travel Inns on several occasions now, and they have become a firm favourite. This hotel certainly lived up to my expectations. Very quick check in, done within 5 minutes. Friendly, warm welcome, without being overly familiar. The room was clean, and very big for a city hotel room. The bed was extremely comfortable. It was ideal for a family of four. The breakfast was excellent. Their vegetarian sausages are gorgeous!!!Overall I would definitely recommend this hotel, and will definitely stay here again when I come back to London.	
Aug 17 2007 	Location location location...and a great deal for families!	Finding a hotel in London for a family of five was a challenge. Most hotels required we book two rooms. We were lucky to find a quad at the Premier Travel Inn London County Hall. The quad consisted of a queen-sized bed, a twin-sized sofabed and an air mattress on the floor. Bathroom was a little small with a self-closing door to keep steam away from the room's smoke detector (a little strange.) Also, no air conditioning (a fan is provided). A/C really wasn't necessary in cool London, and the room was clean and spacious enough for our family. And location!! The hotel is in historic London County Hall, across the street from Waterloo International train/metro station and right next to the London Eye and London Aquarium. We arrived in London on Eurostar (Chunnel) and didn't even need a taxi or bus to the hotel...we simply crossed the street! Across the bridge over the Thames are the Houses of Parliament and Big Ben, walking distance to St. James Park and Buckingham Palace. Despite being so close to so much, noise was not a problem. You don't hear the trains/metros at all, and nighttime noise in the area is virtually non-existent. Best of all is the hotel's family deal for breakfast - for each paying adult (7.50 GBP), two children eat free - so this is like getting 3 meals for 7.50GBP, which in London is a DEAL! The breakfast is incredible - eggs, bacon, sausage, many kinds of breads, hot and cold cereals, fresh fruit, yogurt, granola, fruit juices, milk, coffee - -all you can eat. There are a few restaurants and a convenience store with some groceries across the street. A great location and deal for families.	
Aug 16 2007 	Excellent location	The facilities in the room were very basic, but clean. It is located near Waterloo station, although the first night we got out of the station at the opposite end, and ended up wandering about in the dark for 15 minutes before we found the hotel....(tip: look for the exit to London Eye).Hotel staff is very friendly. The hotel is well situated, within walking distance of the London eye, river Thames, Theatreland and Westminster Abbey. In brief, good central location for all the major attractions of London.	
Aug 14 2007 	Enjoyed the County Hall	We stayed at the Premier Travel Inn, County Hall, London from 7/10th August 2007. Having read the reviews on TripAdvisor we were fairly optimistic about the hotel and we were not disappointed. We arrived to a friendly reception desk where check in was very efficient. Our room was very clean, quite large and comfortable with a good size bathroom and the linen was changed each day. The service from the restaurant staff was excellent with a very good standard and selection of food for £7.50 per person. This hotel has a great location, close to the amenities of the South Bank, the London Eye, which looks fabulous illuminated in the evening, and is also close to Westminster and Waterloo stations. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay here and will certainly use this hotel again.	
Aug 12 2007 	Convenient central location	We stayed 4 nights at this hotel. It was a central location for seeing all the major sights. It is right near the London Eye, and nearly adjacent to the Marriott. It met our basic needs for a clean hotel. We were able to walk across the nearest bridge to see Westminster Abbey and Houses of Parliament. Also nearby was the walk down Whitehall Road to Trafalgar Square. Eurostar is right at the Waterloo Station, very close to the hotel and within walking distance. Since the Waterloo Station was near, we were easily able to head over to St. Paul's Cathedral and the Tower of London.For a fee, the hotel has internet access. There is also a nice selection of food for breakfast, but breakfast was not included for our hotel stay.They do not have a concierge, but staff is 'ok' for obtaining info on accessing some of the major nearby sights. There is nothing particularly impressive about the hotel; it does not have the &quot;Wow!&quot; impression. However, I can't fault the hotel in any way. Everything was clean; the room was supplied with multipurpose hair/bodywash. My room did not have a view, but it was private and quiet. There was access to a vending machine in the lobby.We'd most likely stay here again.	
Aug 9 2007 	Very good location	We only stayed one night as it was part of a tour and it's really close to Waterloo (Eurostar ) train station. Check in and out were fine. Room was pretty big and the usual Travel Inn standard - good shower. Breakfast was fine, but layout of food not great as youi had to fight past people queueing for hot food to get juice - minor gripe. Really good location and next door to the Star Wars exhibition which my son thoroughly enjoyed.	
Aug 7 2007 	Clean functional hotel	Stayed here for one night and the hotel is in a great location. Behind the London Eye, Saatchi gallery and Aquarium. with the Houses of Parliament across the Thames.Waterloo station is a 5 to 10 minute walk or you are close to the Waterloo pier where you can take boat trips (or if you are attending a concert at the O2 arena get a shuttle boat straight to the O2) .We paid £99 for the night and with the Premier Inn that equated to a clean, comfortable room. Maybe they are characterless but if you want character in the centre of London you need to pay for it. We also took an option and paid for the &quot;All you can eat &quot; breakfast - which was fine but the serving area for breakfast is a bit small and gets very crowded as you have to queue.I would stay here again and I would recommend it - seems to be very popular with families because of the large family room and the kids eating free at breakfast.	
Aug 1 2007 	Great location value for money and friendly staff	Travelling as a family of 4 (kids aged 4 and 8) we spent 2 nights at this hotel. I dont think you could wish for a better location for exploring London. The Eye is around the corner, changing of the guard a short walk through St James Park etc. The service was super efficient and the rooms clean and comfortable. The breakfast was good, although the eggs could have been made of plastic. All the staff we met were really friendly. At 99 a room i think this was excellent value for money.	
Aug 1 2007 	Utilitarian hotel	My wife I stayed at this hotel in July 07. Here's a rundown....The good-It is centrally located, right next to the London Eye, right across the Thames from Big Ben/Parliament and Westminster Abbey. Two tube stops are close by. Plenty to eat close by. It is easy to get anywhere in the city from this hotel. It was clean and safe and convenient.The bad-Holy moly, I know &quot;affordable London accomodations&quot; is an oxymoron, but man, this is probably the most expensive city in the world to visit, literally. OK so that's not the fault of this hotel, but for 109 quid a night, it would be nice to at least be offered a small continental breakfast...at least a croissant and some juice. Also, apparently, if you want a room with a view, you have to request that when you book. We had to ask for a topsheet to the bed. No computer in the hotel to use the internet.Not bad, not great. I'd probably stay here again unless I found something cheaper, and I'd look for cheaper next time I visit London.	
Jul 28 2007	Fantastic situation!	We Stayed at this Hotel three times during our travels in Europe and really recommend it. It is in the old County Hall building beside the London Eye and Westminster Bridge and a short walk to either Waterloo or Westminster Stations. It is also a short walk to almost anywhere in central London. The price was reasonable for London and the rooms a good size and very comfortable. The staff were always very friendly and helpful. We would definately stay there again.	
Jul 23 2007 	I cannot think of a better place to stay in London	I found this hotel on trip advisor and booked it on the travel lodge web siteMy two daughters aged 23 and 25 went with meWe could not fault the hotelExcellent location, rooms, price, service and food!!!	
Jul 21 2007 	Wonderful hotel	We wanted to be close to the Eurostar so we booked this hotel. We were! The staff was exceptional, meals were fantastic! Our view was of Big Ben and Parliment.The rooms were exceptionally clean.	
Jul 21 2007 	Best Stay Ever	Stayed here from the 16th july to the 20th july with my wife and three children 9,7 and 9months.I have been to london many times over this past 20 years and i have never enjoyed my holidays like this one.It is all down to premier travel inn county hall.The family rooms are large and kept spotless by excellent friendly staff.Check-inn was painless and hassle free by more friendly staff.Breakfast was excellent and great value @ £7.50 each all u can eat ,my children ate free u12 and it set us up for the day ahead.Location couldnt be beaten for £99 prpn big ben,london eye,london aquarium and waterloo station all within 3min walk.Grocery shop and starbucks straight across the street,taxis are available all the time,just turn left when you come out of the hotel 50 yds.So if you are looking for a hotel for london look no further,this one has it all. The rooms might be basic but the rest of the hotel qualities makes up for it.LOVED IT.	
Jul 20 2007	Fantastic!!!!!	We spent 2 nights at Premier Tavel Inn in London, County Hall. What a treat. This hotel is stunning. It is clean, in a wonderful location (behind the London eye and opposite Big Ben) Breakfast was super with a wide selection of food. We would definately stay there again. Worth every cent!!	
Jul 19 2007 	Wonderful Premier Travel Inn - County Hall	Our family stayed in two rooms in this hotel for four nights in July. Our only problem was that the rooms were on different floors but aside from that everything was excellent. Our rooms were big in comparison to most hotels and were very clean with a maid service every morning. The staff were the most friendly I have ever experienced in a hotel with every one of them going out of their way to greet us and help in any way they could.Breakfast might be considered expensive by some but the unlimited amount that a person could eat set us up for the day and turned into very good value.Location is excellent with lots to do within a very short distance from the hotel. There are underground stations at Westminister, Embankment (just over the river) and Waterloo (about 100 yards away) and an excellent London bus (red buses) service at the end of the street (a great way to see the local area!) as well as the various tour bus stops.	
Jul 19 2007 	Perfect location and good value - Comfortable	Let me begin by saying that hotels in Europe are generally lots smaller than the US- we are really spoiled here. Given that, the rooms at this hotel were very roomy and comfortable and larger than typical european hotels. Granted this is not luxury but it is very good. We stayed here twice - at the beginning of our European trip and after and received 2 drastically different rooms.The first 3 nights, the bed was comfortable and roomy. They have very basic ammenities. Bathroom has a large tub with excellent water pressure. No aircon but it was rainy while we were here so we didn't need it. Dim lighting but again comfortable, mmaculate and clean! The service was great - staff helpful. They do need a concierge to help with luggage and directions. Location can not be beat. Seriously a 30 second walk to the London Eye and adjacent park and 2 minute walk to Waterloo Station (we wheeled 2 LARGE pieces of luggage with no problem to catch the Eurostar Chunnel to Paris) but really everything is walkable like the National Gallery, Trafalgar Square for movies and stuff, Shakespeare Globe, Tate Modern, Parliament and Big Ben plus those double decker tour buses. There is also a boat right under the eye to take you down the Thames. Our view the first few nights was of the alley - ask for a water view. Most importantly there was a starbucks directly across with also good noodles at Ned's Noodles and a convenience store for water and such. Do not eat at the all you can eat chinese restaurant next to the aquarium in the building unless you want to be nauseous for the rest of the day! Ideally a fridge would have been nice to keep some water and fruit in.Now our last 2 nights there.... We had a totally different room Room #200 if you can get it. It was HUGE! I could have literally done a cartwheel and still had room! The lighting was bright and the room more modern, the bathroom was updated - I'm thiking this is probably a family room because you could fit in another pullout. The large window view was overlooking the London Eye. Seriously a totally different room as earlier but again still incredibly comfortable, quiet and clean. The pictures show the different rooms.The business station was EXPENSIVE for internet and the food there was blah. Walk along the boardwalk and eat somewhere decent and cheaper however be forewarned that the dollar is double to the pound and London is just expensive! Overall a great deal and we are definately coming back to this hotel - we paid about 125 pounds per night which is an excellent deal!	
Jul 8 2007 	Best Location in London!	Families traveling to London - this is the best location in town. Beautiful view of the Thames, adjacent to the London Eye and easy access by tube and bus to any place you want to go. My husband and I traveled with our two 18 year old children so we needed two rooms - a little pricey this time of year (99 pounds per room per night) but the rooms were spacious with comfortable beds, fans, heated towel racks and big bathrooms. When we booked the only thing available was smoking rooms but the person at central booking told me to ask to be switched when we arrived. We got there around 11 am after flying all night and were greeted by Katie who was &quot;Inn&quot; training and cheerfully switched us to non-smoking rooms. All the staff were cheerful and helpful and the hotel was immaculate. My older brothers who have spent a lot of time in London made me paranoid about picking a bad location too far away from everything. One brother said we were on the wrong side of the river - he was wrong! We walked out each morning to a view of Parliament and could hit Westminster Abbey with a stone. At the corner of the building was a bus stop with buses every two minutes to Trafalgar Square, Picadilly Circus and Oxford Circus and there was a Starbucks across the street! The hotel is also halfway between Waterloo Station (where international trains depart from as well as the train we took on our day trip to Windsor) and Westminster underground station. A hint about arriving - it's hard to find the County Hall building from Waterloo Station when you first arrive because the station is so big with so many doors and you can't see the London Eye because the buildings are in the way. A few days into our visit we came across other travelers who were lost while trying to find their way to the County Hall building dragging their luggage. Get off the tube at Westminster Station and come out the Westminster Pier exit. Walk across Westminster Bridge and the big beautiful building at the foot of the bridge is County Hall. Walk past the entrance to the Marriott and turn left onto Belvidere Street. The entrance to the hotel is about 2/3 down the building. We can't wait to go back to London and we will stay here again!	
Jul 5 2007 	great service	Second time staying at this hotel.managed to find me a room at short notice. Great service from all the staff.Rooms are basic but first class location.Will go back without hesitation for my next short stay in London.	
Jul 3 2007 	Dependable but plain	I am currently staying at this hotel for two nights and have a room on the 2nd floor facing another building so not really an insipring view. Did not realise that there were views over the river or would have asked for one!!Reception was efficient and pleasant. Room is quite dull but very clean. No airco but since it has been raining and under 20C for the entire time not an issue really.Loaction as said before is good and within 5 mins walk to Westminster etc. Also close to Waterloo station but I would say also you could use Westminster tube station just across the river. If you ever get lost just head towards the London Eye.Feet sore tonight as we had to wait in line for over an hour to get into Madamme Tussauds so perhaps pre-booking the tickets would have been a better idea. Also ended up waiting 1 1/2 hours for the cast of the latest Harry Potter movie to come out from the premier!! (For my 14yr old daughter, not me you understand).Anyway back to the hotel. Would recommend it if you can get it at the normal £99 (I paid £130 per night incl breakfast, daughter ate free) as this is a good rate for central London. Agree with the previous poster about the wi-fi though. £15 per day is too steep. I am writing this after connecting to some kind souls unsecured network for free. Mind you I have had to type it on the window ledge!!	
Jul 2 2007 	Great value for families	This Inn is a great value for families. We had a huge room with double bed and 2 singles, plus lots of floor space. The location is great for London Eye. Waterloo station, tube stations, or Westminster sights. Walking across the Thames on the Westminster Bridge at night toward lighted Parliament and Big Ben is a great sight. The Jubilee Park right next to the hotel has lots of space for kids to run and play. Both the Westminster and Waterloo metro stations are close and with the tube system you can get anywhere in London in a fairly short time from this location. Across the street from the hotel there is a small convenience store, a good mediterrean restaurant, and a Starbucks. This south bank area is undergoing much renovation so will probably improve greatly in available restaurants, etc. There is a crepery and a pizza place a short walk along the river at Gabriel's Wharf. This is not a luxury hotel by any means, but if you need a family room at a decent price in London, it is a great find. Rooms are clean and very comfortable. They may get hot in the summer as there is no AC, but this was not a problem in early June when we were there. Two things lacking are a refrigerator and a safe in the rooms. Safe deposit box is advertised on the website, but only available at the front desk. There are no laundry facilities at the hotel but staff directed us to a neighborhood laundry that was a fairly short walk away through some dirty streets. On our walk to the laundromat Saturday morning we found a street market with very reasonable prices on fresh fruit. Again a fridge in our room could have saved us money on food as eating out is costly in London. Breakfast at the hotel is fairly expensive, but bountiful. For hotel guests, a child under 15 gets free breakfast buffet with a paying adult so this is a pretty good value if you have young teens. As mentioned by the previous reviewer, the internet access in the hotel restaurant is totally outrageous--around 50 cents/minute. Wish I'd have known about access at Ned's Noodle house. If traveling to London again with kids, I'd definitely consider this hotel.	
Jun 20 2007 	Great bargain and location	As everyone else has pointed out, this is a fabulous location near the recently renovated Royal Festival Hall on the South Bank -- close to everything and to all sorts of transportation options. The hotel is a bit spartan on the amenities (terrible dim lighting, no alarm clock, barely any toiletries) but the staff is pleasant, the rooms are clean and (for London) almost spacious, and there's not a lot of neighborhood noise at night. Note for Internet users: The WiFi service offered by the hotel is outrageously expensive. As an alternative, pop across the street to Ned's Noodle Box, buy a beer and sit at a table there -- Ned's WiFi hotspot is free.	
Jun 19 2007 	Good location for the west end or Waterloo	We stayed here the night before travelling out to Disney in Paris.The hotel has a great location, right next to the London eye.The downside is the rooms are very small, There was no air con in our room and the breakfast was extra.Its not that great value but if you only want a bed for the night close to the busy west end then this is for you.A short walk over the bridge gets you to the tourist area of London.Its 5 mins walk to waterloo so great for the Eurostar.Phil Cambs.	
Jun 11 2007 	Unexciting but dependable	Have stayed here over 20 times in past couple of years, but first time I've reviewed. This is a very reliable bet for a central location in London at a good price. Rooms are boring and can be hot and noisy with aircon from adjoining buildings (ask for a river view if you can). But they are clean and I've yet to find anything not working. Front desk service and response to customers is generally very good for this standard of hotel and I've always found plenty of staff around to help. The bar/restaurant is soulless and can be smoky - but this should change when new law comes in. Food nothing much, but you can wander along South Bank to restaurants/pubs down there. So, good for a night or two at max if you want to be close to London Eye or Parliament but not for a special break.	
Jun 9 2007 	The right place to stay	We stayed here because we were arriving at Waterloo on Eurostar, and we simply walked across the road when our train arrived.Having done that we found that it is a great location. You can hear Big Ben, and spit on the London Eye if you wanted to (but why would you?)Easy access to buses and the Tube. And lovely to walk the bridges at night. I even went to church at Westminster Abbey on Sunday morning (really boring...and I am a priest!!).All the Premier Inns offer very similar standard and quite reasonable price. This one has the advantage of the great location,m and takes the worry out of where to stay in London.Why London hotels don't have fridges I don't know, but very few seem to have them, and this one was no different. We left stuff we wanted to keep cool on the window ledge!!	
Jun 4 2007 	Location Location Location	My 18 year old son and I shared a triple room for 5 nights in May and it was perfect. I booked online and was pleased with the prompt response to my inquiries.The room was large enough for us and the explosion that comes from a teenagers bag.From the minute we checked in - Hollie at reception was friendly and helpful, the room itself was spacious, clean , comfy with a decent bathroom and great shower head. The location was great - across the road from Waterloo station which worked well coming in from Heathrow - and even better leaving with the Eurostar for Paris.County Hall is a wonderful historic building that houses several other attractions and a Marriott. Its situated on the Thames next to the London Eye. The area is very scenic and quiet at night. There is a starbucks across the street which made for a nice start in the morning. You can walk to Trafalgar, Leicster and Soho or along the river all the way to the southbank area.I travel frequently for business and pleasure and have high standards when it comes to hotels. London is one of the most expensive cities in the world and for 98 pounds a night - Im sure you cannot beat the location, room size and quality in London.	
Jun 4 2007	Great Location	Our family of five spent three days in London. Three kids, 9, 14 and 16. This was a great location as you could walk to many sites, catch one of the tour buses next to the Hotel, or stroll along the river and people watch. We were told we had to take two rooms, which made it rather expensive as I couldn't locate anything other than the rack rate of 99 pounds per night per room. But the rooms were clean and large. In fact, I think we could have easily squeezed the five of us into a single family room. Though that presents other issues.The staff wasn't particularly memorable, and the breakfast was adequate.But at night, outside the hotel on the boardwalk under the Eye of London and looking across Westminster Bridge to Parliament and Big Ben all lit up, I have to say, location is everything.	
Jun 3 2007 	Outstanding Stay	First stay in the Premier Inn County Hall, London and I cannot recommend this hotel enough.We arrived an hour early and we were allowed to to get into the room early. Reception staff was friendly and helpful and nothing was to much trouble.My wife, 2 children and I stayed in a family room which was clean to a high standard ,plenty of space for us all. All the staff gave a friendly hello which made you feel welcome.The breakfast was £7.50 each adult and out children eat free, it was a serve yourself and as much as you want and our children eat free. The food was a very high standard and delicious.Dinner at the hotel was also delicious and highly recommended.Hotel is a stone throw away from the London eye and views of the Thames.This hotel is a wonderful , safe, clean and friendly place to stay in London.	
Jun 1 2007 	Nice bargain	Stayed over Easter break with my wife and 2 children. Very basic, bare bones hotel, but pretty much as expected. Room was clean and quiet. Our &quot;family&quot; room consisted of a double bed, a day bed, and a mattress on the floor, however. Not quite what I expected from the &quot;family&quot; room. Staff was uniformly friendly but not very informed about the area. We were given the wrong address to a theatre and almost missed our show! Overall, reasonable place for a family trip primarily because of the cost and location.	
May 31 2007 	What more do you need	Having stayed here before, this was our first choice for a return visit to London. Arrived at 1.30 on Sunday afternoon of the Bank Holiday weekend and our rooms were ready and we were able to check in straight away. The receptionist was very friendly and dealt with our arrival most efficiently.We had 3 rooms in total and as requested, they were all close together. The rooms may be simple, but they are more than adequate and as always, very clean.As we are not big breakfast eaters, we did not have breakfast in the hotel which, at £7.50 a head is excellent value for London, especially as children eat for free. However, we had breakfast bagels at the bagel shop opposite the hotel entraance which was just what we wanted.We only stayed for one night, but our train home wasn't until 7 in the evening. The hotel were more than happy to look after our bags (all five of them) for the day and we collected them on the way to the station.Oh yes, and there is the location, has anyone mentioned that yet ? Within easy reach of both Westminster underground and Waterloo station. Right next to the London Eye, and more specifically for our trip, the Star Wars Exhibition at County Hall and within walking distance (when the weather is OK) of the West End - cross the river by Hungerford Bridge.Unless I was looking specifically for luxury, the County Hall PTI would always be my first choice of hotel in London.	
May 31 2007	Great for families	I cant fault the staff they were all very happy and friendly. Breakfast was a bargain at £7.50 per adult, eat as much as you like and kids eat free! Evening meal was very reasonably priced too.There are quite a few little restaurants nearby also.Room was very spacious compared to other family rooms I have stayed in with a double bed, single bed and sofa bed. The rooms were quiet because all the windows were sound proofed, so we were not disturbed by any outside noise.Very convenient location just around the corner from the London Eye with tube station only a few minutes walks away.	
May 31 2007 	Fantastic location but noisy room	We have just stayed for three nights at the Premier Travel Inn . ProsThe location cannot be beaten, right next to the London Eye in the north end of County Hall. It is a short walk across the bridge to Westminster and a short tube ride from all of the main sights. Westminster Pier is opposite and Waterloo Pier is under the Eye for the fantastic boat tours to Greenwich (well worth doing). The Big Bus tour goes from the other end of County Hall in front of the Marriot.We were able to check in on arriving at about midday and staff were very helpful and friendly. It seems very flexible and there is a room to leave your luggage after you check out so you can keep exploring on your final day. It was £99 per night which is good for central LondonBreakfast is buffet style and the food is good, there is also a bagel shop opposite the entrance which was good but they always seem to be running out of ingredients there.ConsOur room was facing into an inner courtyard which was very dirty and semi-derelict looking. It was where they unloaded supplies for the hotels every morning from about 7am or even earlier. I cannot stress how loud this was. On the Monday it was not too bad so we decided to stay but on Tues and Weds it was awful - as loud as a rock band or bad thunder. We were getting up early so did not ask to move rooms but you will not be able to lie in here. We were in room 365.The lifts were also a real problem in the morning - only two out of three were working and there were always long queues for these. There were no stairs which is wierd. Overall - brilliant location but ask for a room overlooking the green and Eye.	
May 31 2007 	Great place for families	This is an excellent option for families visiting the capital. The rooms are clean, quiet and a very good size. The location is superb - 5 minutes walk to Waterloo tube, or 10 minutes walk to Trafalgar Square. In the shadow of the London eye, this is a great place for a short stop in London, and fantastic value. We stayed for 2 nights with our 2 children (10 &amp; 7) and could not fault anything. We took the 'all you can eat' breakfast which was £7.50 per person but the children ate for free. Again, the food was lovely, good choice and I cannot fault it. It will be my number one choice for future stays in London.	
May 30 2007	Wouldn't stay anywhere else in London	Have stayed here 3 times now and have already booked again for the summer. Fabulous location, nice building, clean and friendly. Nice bar and restaurant. Great value for money- always my first choice when staying over in London.	
May 29 2007 	A perfect Hotel!	We have 3 small children, and need a large hotel room, which is hard to find in Europe! A friend recommended the chain, and I was LUCKY to get a room at the County Hall. Absolutely Fantastic! First, the location is right next to the London Eye, next to Westminster Bridge. The family room is LARGE and CLEAN, and a GREAT Price! The bathroom was immaculate. The breakfast was a deal....I've paid twice as much at other hotel chains. The staff was incredibly helpful and friendly. An all around great experience.I will definitely check this hotel chain first in my future hotel searches. And I will definitely stay at this location on any futue trips to London.	
May 25 2007 	Best Deal in Town!	My family (2 adults + 2 teenagers) stayed here in 2006 on our way to Paris via The Eurostar. The Eurostar leaves from Waterloo station which is basically across the street! We arrived at had dinner, slept, washed, ate breakfast and across the street off to Paris, with no worries, no problems. Service was super! Rooms we basic, but we had a tv &amp; a clean ensuite! If you have time go outside and see Big Ben lite up at night. Beautiful!!! We are staying there again next month.	
May 19 2007 	The reviews are right!	The best location. It is very basic but very clean! Again location, location, location. The shower was awesome water power and temp. When you book ask for the jubilee garden view-we did not know that so we did not have any kind of a view and they told us to do it at booking. Book early for the best rate. we stayed a Sunday nite and got a London Eye ride and cruise tix for free.	
May 11 2007 	Very pleased	This was our first trip to London and we had a 3 night stay at this hotel over the Bank Holiday weekend. The staff were friendly and helpful and our room was very clean and spacious. We had asked for a room with a view of the gardens and 405 didn't disappoint. We had breakfast at the hotel just the once and while it may be a little overpriced at £7.50, there was plenty of choice and the quality was good. Children get to eat free. The location is excellent, the London Eye and County Hall attractions are on the doorstep. We did lots of walking and made use of the tube links at Waterloo Station, which is less than 5 minutes away.We would recommend the hotel and will stay next time we visit London.	
May 8 2007 	Perfect place to stay in London	Just returned from a hen weekend and stayed at this hotel for 2 nights. No problems at all the thing that impressed me was1 The staff are very friendly and polite.2 large clean rooms and bar area.3 Central location with lovely view of the London eye and also the thames. I have stayed in may Hotels stuck in the middle of busy streets but this was so nice with the lovely walks  you could have and views also very central for Covent Garden.Did not have the breakfast and would not eat much to justify7.50 but all around the hotel lovely places to eat for breakfast.I will return to this hotel as good value for money.	
May 3 2007 	Couldn't ask for more	We stayed for four nights in late April 2007, it was absolutely fantastic. We wanted somewhere central and we couldn't have done better in that regard. Two tube stations and one major train station within a five minute walk, right next to the London Eye and easy walking distance to so many of the attractions. We were able to pop back during the day to change clothes or drop off purchases. The room was huge, we booked a room with two twins and got a room with a queen and one twin, tons of room for our suitcases, a wardrobe, desk, chair, TV, kettle, tea, everything you'd need. All for £99 a night, amazing. Almost forgot, there was a fan too, which I'm sure would be helpful on the warmer nights. I was impressed with how they've done the windows, the original window which are probably drafty and let in noise are still in place, however, they've placed a second window just inside that protects you from drafts and noise, you can open both windows to get some fresh air.The bathroom was great, nice size tub, wonderful shower with plenty of hot water. There was a heated towel rack which I'm sure is nice in the winter. Everything was spotlessly clean.The breakfast is a bit pricy, we only had it once, but there are a lot of little shops, coffee bars, restaurants very close by so you have lots of options. There's internet access in the restaurant but it's a bit pricy at 25p a minute, but also very handy. Just a couple of minor inconveniences, while there are lifts to every floor, in order to get to the lobby and the lifts from the street you have to go up about 10-12 stairs, which with a heavy bag was a bit of a trial but totally unnoticed otherwise. Also, on our last morning, right about 8am, just as we were leaving for the airport there was a fire alarm, we all trooped down the stairs and gathered outside the building. It was a false alarm and we were ushered in quickly and managed to make our Gatwick Express train on time.I will definitely stay here again and will be recommending it to anyone traveling to London. It's not luxury, but if you are looking for clean, safe and central It's a great value!	
May 2 2007 	Just what we were looking for	This hotel is VERY central. It's affordable, clean, the staff are very good. It was just what we were looking for.We didn't have the breakfast as it was £7.50 each, for an all you can eat buffet, but seeing as we're not big eaters, we just went to the cafe round the corner and paid for what we wanted.The london eye is literally round the corner!	
Apr 28 2007 	Amazing spot!	Booked just one night at the hotel in April one the eve of the London Marathon. Chose it specifically for its position as my husband needed a base near the finish after running those 26 miles. We were not disappointed! It sits next to the London Eye - so close you feel can almost touch it from some rooms (5 mins walk to Waterloo or Westminster Tube stop). Check in was good, the room was clean with all the usuals, TV, hairdryer, etc. Bathroom was also clean with plenty of towels, soap etc. Its certainly not the place to vist if its luxury you're after. Premier Lodge's are simple..... but then what else do you need from a room in London? Breakfast was very effiicient, lots of choice, good quality food. OK - £7.50 is not cheap but you can eat as much as you want for that price. Lots of good restaurants / cafes outside so all in all the hotel has everything to offer..Only gripe was paying £125 per night against usual published rate of £99. This was due to the marathon which I feel is unfair for all those running such an event for charity!	
Apr 20 2007 	Good value great location	We spent 3 nights here and were quite happy. The room was clean and , especially for London, spacious. The staff were helpful and the breakfast good, although a little overpriced. The location is excellent with several resteraunts and 3 tube stations within a few minutes walk. It was surprisingly quiet even though we could see the London Eye from our window. It is a shame they have to have heavy springs on the bathroom doors (to keep them shut as the steam can set off the smoke alarm).Overall very good value for the money and much better than others at the same price. We will be staying there again.	
Apr 17 2007 	Good value on CLEAN accommodation	I am a fan of Premier Travel Inns...I love how clean they are! This one was no exception.Not the prettiest room (quite basic-no frills) but by London standards...HUGE!!! It was a triple (one queen bed and a twin). Very nicely soundproofed also, we didn't hear a peep from inside or out. Street outside is closed to normal traffic also so that cuts down on noise. We found the beds quite comfortable and got great sleep there. I wasn't thrilled with the bathroom. Small and narrow tub, everytime you stood in there to shower you had to stand like you were riding a surfboard! Also, the bathroom door had to remain shut all the time (and it gets very steamed up in there). As the light switch is on the outside of the bathroom you would have to switch it on, then open the door to enter. This was somewhat problematic as light would then shine on someone's face at night, disturbing their sleep. The light switch on the outside isn't unique to this hotel, apparently this must be code in London. Hairdryers not in bath either but out at desk. Bring your own facecloths (aka &quot;flannels&quot;) as majority of London hotels do not provide them. This hotel was a bit skimpy with towels anyway. But if you request more they will bring them without a quarrel.We did have a call to front desk about something not working in our room (hairdryer was overheating) and they were up in a flash to replace it. So perfect service there...Front desk upon check-in rates very high for friendly helpfullness!It's really one of the best deals in London for the money. I would stay here again in a heartbeat. Quite convenient location, right behind the London Eye and close to Waterloo Station and Westminster Bridge and tube station. Very secure also, I felt very safe there.Try it!	
Apr 17 2007	Clean neat spacious rooms	The rooms and restaurant are reasonable value for money. Rooms are clean, neat, quite and well proportioned. It is possible to get some rooms which have a view of the London Eye (you might have to lean out of the window to see the Eye!) This is one of my favourite hotels to stay in when I visit the South Bank of London. Its next to the London Eye and 2 mins from Waterloo station. Because its off the main road the hotel tends to be fairly quite. I could not get a deal on the fixed priced rooms! Staff are pleasant. The bedroom doors tend to slam shut loudly.	
Apr 10 2007 	Brilliant Location	I've stayed here twice and would stay here again. For the price and location I don't feel it can be beaten.The service received from the reception staff was very friendly and helpful and the buffet breakfast at £7.50 each (with kids under 16 eating free) is excellent value for central London.The first time I stayed here our family room was huge! With amazing views of the Thames and London Eye. My two kids loved it and being walking distance of so many places to see and visit is a huge bonus.My second stay (this Easter weekend) was just as good although initally we were put in a very small dark room (room 261) which absolutely stank of smoke. We rang Reception immediately and they said come back down we'll move you right now. No quibble. They explained smoking rooms are only on the 5th floor but immediately gave us another one (room 257) and alerted all staff not to place anyone into 261until it had been properly aired and smoke free.We asked for more refereshments in the room (tea &amp; coffee sachets are provided ) and I was given a whole bag more including more packets of biscuits.All in all it's a hotel I have no hesitancy in recommending to anyone who wants a good but very reasonable hotel in central London.For further information we found a great place to park for just £10 for 24hours in Upper Marsh which was only 3-5 minutes walk from the hotel which I would also recommend.	
Apr 10 2007	Great hotel with kids!	We stayed at the Premier Travel Inn in County Hall in London for three nights at the end of March this year. It was wonderfully quiet for sleeping in in the morning with jet lag - especially for our kids. We stayed in a family suite with a large double bed and two singles. The bathroom was great - power shower.Breakfast was very good too. And they did not stick firmly to ending breakfast time at 10:30am, which worked for us too. They made us feel that they would keep breakfast open as long as we were still eating.The location cannot be beaten - right by the London eye, which is illuminated in different colors each night. And there is a great Pizza Express two blocks away. Again great for kids as we sometimes ate dinner at 9p.m at night!We plan to start all our trips to the UK with a couple of nights at the Premier Travel Inn!	
Mar 31 2007	Handy central London hotel	Stayed here last week while in London on business and really couldn't fault it. Room was quiet, clean and comfortable and staff were very pleasant. Didn't try the breakfast - went across the road to Starbucks instead.	
Mar 28 2007 	a great place	My daughter and I just came back from our London trip. We stayed in the hotel for 5 nights. Our room was very big. The location cannot be better with this price. We would stay there again. We used the Westminster Underground station more than the Waterloo. Although the latter is a little closer, walking past the County Hall building, across the Westminster Bridge, and toward the Big Ben is a lot of fun.The hotel's breakfast has plenty of choices. Kids under 16 eat free, adding a good value for me. Don't forget to ask for a bowl of porridge from a waiter/waitress.We tried two eating places across the street of the hotel entrance. The Nerds noodle place is good value, but the taste is not the best. The Italian restaurant and bar (Cucino? I may have remember the name wrong) has better food. The Pattini is warm and tasty. Its raspbery cheese cake is delicious and light.	
Mar 28 2007 	Location location location!	This hotel is all about location. It is otherwise quite a bland chain hotel with nothing special or fancy about it. But the location is absolutely perfect, staff is friendly and helpful and even the breakfast is quite good value - for London. You get what you pay for - and a grand location on top of that. For some reason, and even although this hotel is far more simple than the hotels I normally use, I would still definitely go back. What they do they do well, and what they don't you don't really necessarily need. Thumbs up!	
Mar 20 2007 	Great Value for London	We stayed at the Premier Travel Inn for three nights in the begining of March. As far as London hotels goes, this was great value for money as the rooms were spacious and clean - although a bit basic. The location was fantastic and couldnt be beat!!! I would recommend this hotel to anyone travelling to London for sightseeing or who just wants to be central. We booked directly with the hotel and we had no problem with check in or rate - infact, when we arrived after our overnight flight, the hotel was able to check us into our room at 0830 in the morning - which was great after an all night flight!!! Would stay here again.	
Mar 13 2007	Great Value; Great Location	In late NOV 2006, my wife and I treated our grandchildren to a trip to London. We had been to London before, so we knew where we wanted to be for &quot;tourist&quot; activities, but we did not know the downtown hotels. We used four rooms at the Premier Travel Inn-County Hall, and it was terrific. The rooms were fairly priced and comfortable. Everyone slept well, and the Breakfast Room was a huge convenience-a bit pricey, but excellent for breakfast and day-planning. The hotel is one block from Waterloo Sta., so we used the train to Hampton Court, Hastings and Windsor Castle. We could walk to Westminster Abbey and Buckingham Palace. And, the LONDON EYE is about 400 feet away. Inexpensive eats are also nearby.Everyone was very pleased with the trip and accomodations.	
Mar 11 2007 	Best budget hotel in London	Our car driver who dropped us at the hotel rated the location we had chosen to stay in for sightseeing as 10/10. After a week there I wholeheartedly agree. For the price I don't believe you can beat this hotel.We saw most things on foot, even walking home to the hotel from Portobello Rd. Westminster Abbey is a 5 min walk, Buckingham Palace about 15 mins, Convent gardens 15 mins and of course the London Eye is right on your doorstep. Tube stations are nearby for places further afield, Westminster station was quite convenient for us. Being so central to attractions helped us make the most of our limited time in London.It was so nice to go for a walk up the Thames when we felt like it and there are nice restaurants nearby.The room itself is basic but spotlessly clean. We arrived after a long flight at 10am and the reception girl went out of her way to get a room ready for us straight away and took us down to get a coffee while we waited. Great service. The breakfast buffet is a bit pricey but it was great so we filled up on that and didn't need lunch.I would stay here next time in London without a doubt.	
Feb 20 2007	Great location!!!	We (me, husband and 2 daughters ) stayed here for the third time in February 2007. We love London and love the location of this hotel, right on the southbank opposite the houses of parliament.The staff are great, very helpful.The hotel is 5 mins walk from the tube and your in the west end in approx 10 mins. All rooms are cleaned every day and well maintained.Would definetely stay again.	
Feb 20 2007 	A gem in central London	This hotel is a little gem. Fantastic location, just around the corner from Waterloo station. excellent for the tube. Friendly staff, lovely clean rooms. Breakfast is excellent if you want to eat at the hotel. This hotel is right next to the London Eye and you can walk along the banks of the Thames. (Big Ben etc just across the river).We wouldn't bother looking for anywhere else to stay. When we're in London again, we will stay here.	
Feb 17 2007 	very warm welcome	enjoyed our stay had very warm welcome from the staff. room was very clean good decor and very spacious.Ina very handy place near to waterloo station for our trip on the euorstar to disneyland paris the next day. the hotel resturant was also very nice with friendly staff and nice food.	
Feb 17 2007	Excellent place to stay	Great place to stay,ideal location for most of the attractions !! Like most of us the main priority in any place you stay is cleanliness,good food,and pleasant staff. This place has them all. Will stay here again on visit to London	
Jan 30 2007 	Premier Travel Inn - Fan	I find the Premier Travel Inn chain to be a great bargain in the UK. They have all three C's: clean, comfortable, and cheap. I usually skip the breakfast, as 7.50 GBP is a lot for breakfast. This location is excellent. A short walk from Tube stations (Westminster or Waterloo) and close to major tourist sights. There is a small Marks &amp; Spence inside the Waterloo train station for basic food items, e.g. breakfast bagel. Try Ned's Noodle Box directly across the street for a tasty meal at about 7 GBP.My one gripe is the early morning noise of trash collection in the enclosed court below most windows. This occurs about 7 AM, just when you are getting some non-jet-lag sleep.	
Jan 29 2007	Great Location	Well priced for central London. Very friendly check in staff, room ready on arrival and prepared for family occupation. Very clean and a reasonable size. Bathroom clean and adequate size. Location is where it wins. Right behind London Eye on the banks of the River Thames. Short walk to Westminster Abbey, Palace of Westminster and Covent Garden and theatre district(about 10 min walk). Nearest train station and underground station is Waterloo. Make sure you ask for directions before you leave the hotel - bit of a walk if you go in the wrong direction! Great for all sightseeing and city sightseeing bus stop at Westminster Bridge.	
Jan 28 2007 	Great value location and friendly staff	I have stayed in this hotel once before and yet again was not disappointed. My partner and I went to London for my birthday weekend and to see a show. Every staff member was courteous, from cleaners to reception staff. The room was warm and clean and the breakfast was lovely. Excellent location and all for £92 per night. Considering it is next door to the Marriot and this is about £200 per night it is well worth it.	
Jan 25 2007	Great location and value for money!	Booked direct through the Premier Travel Inn website and got the room for around £92.The first room we were shown to had a noisy fan but as soon as we mentioned this to the reception we were shown to an alternative room almost immediately!The room on the 4th floor had a great view of the London eye and the river and was spacious enough with a comfortable double bed and all the facilities you need for a short stay.All in all, a great location for the South Bank and for getting into town and a very reasonable price too (especially when we found out that the Marriott next door was almost charging around three times as much for a room!!)	
Jan 23 2007 	Great value for money	My family and I stayed here 19-22 Jan 2007 for a long weekend break in London. We were delighted with the rooms, cleanliness and overall standards, which exceeded our expectations for a budget-price hotel. Only gripe was pillows were lumpy!! Reception staff were friendly, nothing too much trouble. Restaurant was very good and again staff very friendly and helpful. We had dinner one night and breakfast each morning. Good food, under 10s free at breakfast. Plenty of everything and well prepared. Location superb.	
Jan 23 2007 	Excellent Hotel excellent location and staff!	Stayed here for four nights, returning home yesterday. 2 Adults and 1 child (aged 7). Location is ideal for London Eye, Acquarium, Westminster, tube stations Waterloo and Westminster, with the Big Bus Company Stop around the corner.Breakfast was an &quot;all you can eat&quot;, which was very nice and filled us up for the day. Room was on the 6th floor, restricted view of the London Eye, triple room with tea/coffee making facilities, clean bathroom, basic but very clean. Very quiet location as windows are sound proofed and the building itself from the exterior is very attractive.On arrival, through no fault of the hotel, our reservation had been cancelled (separate website), but they found us a room and were extremely pleasant and sympathetic to our problem - we had arrived late last Thursday because of the storms and flight had been delayed.On another issue, our daughter's toothbrush had been broken by accident by the cleaning staff (battery operated) and they tried to find a replacement and presented her with chocolates and a present and a beautiful card to say sorry. she was delighted! Lovely touch. Staff were excellent and so helpful. Could not fault this hotel at all!	
Jan 22 2007	Great hotel	My wife and I stayed at the Premier Travel Inn, London County Hall for several days in January 2007. We stayed here twice, once for a few days at the beginning of our vacation, and then for one night at the end on our way back.This is a very nice hotel. The rooms we stayed in were quiet and very clean, and the hotel is in a great location. It's really easy to get to all kinds of interesting parts of London, and there are two nearby tube stops. (From the airport, the easiest stop is Westminster, although the Waterloo station is a bit closer. The tube takes around an hour, though a couple of times it took longer---maybe 1.25 or 1.5 hours---we're not sure why.)Check-in was easy, although it took a little longer than I expected. They offer breakfast, but we declined---I stayed here six years ago, and the breakfast was definitely not worth the cost. I recommend grabbing something at the Starbucks across the street instead.The biggest downside to this hotel is that the bed is pretty bad. In the first room we stayed in, the bed managed to be both firm and saggy at the same time. In the second room the bed was a little better, but still nothing great.Wireless internet is available in the rooms, but it's not cheap; 3 GBP for 30 minutes, as of Jan 07, and slightly cheaper for longer times.As far as I could tell, this hotel is one of the best options for staying in London. I definitely recommend it.	
Jan 14 2007 	Spot on!	Stayed at this hotel for just one night, and was thoroughly impressed - friendly and helpful staff at check-in, clean room, comfortable bed and powerful shower, well cooked breakfast, and great location. Good value for money too!Only v. minor problem - my bathroom smelt a bit stale! (reminded me of train toilets!!). Would definately stay here again - beats Travelodges'	
Jan 11 2007 	Very average hotel great location	As a previous reviewer stated, dont forget this is a Travel Inn. The rooms are sparse and not very big. There's about 6 or 7 TV channels; no in house movies; no room service and basic decor. The staff are mostly foreign (like most hotels in London) but are extremely polite and helpful. However, the location is great. It is literally next door to the London Eye (which is fantastic!) and we also took a 2.5 hour River Thames cruise...which I would highly recommend. It is walking distance from Waterloo railway station and underground.	
Jan 6 2007 	An outstanding and economical choice	My wife and I stayed here in May, after a much-delayed overnight flight from the USA. We took the train from Gatwick to Victoria Station and then a cab to the hotel, since it is about a mile or so from the train station. The hotel by far exceeded our expectations! I anticipated a level of ambiance similar to a budget hotel in the States. Instead the hotel was clean, bright, and very modern. And what a location! The London Eye is right next to the hotel, and the Houses of Parliament and Big Ben are just a short walk across the Westminster Bridge. Youre within reasonable walking distance of most everything youll want to see, except for perhaps the British Museum. Plus, you get all this charm and convenience for a bargain price by London standards. Incidentally, the food in the restaurant is good, but basic, and a bit expensive. We ate there the first night since we were so tired, but otherwise took advantage of choices nearby, including a McDonalds in the same building. The only negatives and they were minor was that (i) the service was very limited and all business, and (ii) unless your lucky enough to get a taxi parked by the hotel, youre best to walk to the road crossing the Westminster bridge to hail a cab. This is not a big deal unless it is raining hard and youre hauling wet luggage through the downpour (which we experienced first hand).	
Dec 31 2006 	we return yet again	Just returned from another stay at the County Hall. Having being one of the first to stay there in 1997 I can honestly say that its still as clean and good value for money. Each year the price increases but where else could you find, that was as central.We find the best tube station to use from here is the embankment. Wesminster bridge tends to get very busy if you are going to westminster station. Its far easier to use the Hungerford bridge. This area has become very popular and now has plenty of places to eat. The restaurant can be a bit hit and miss and breakfast, expensive especially if you have a family.Lots of places to explore such as Lower Marsh Road which is just behind Waterloo station. The imax is only a short walk away too. All in all I have always had a good stay at this hotel.	
Dec 30 2006 	Great place to stay for short break	Myself and my two sons have just stayed at County Hall Travel Inn for short break between Christmas and New Year. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The accommodation was clean and comfortable. Restaurant all we wanted. A great place to stay for all attractions and an added bonus that we were able to leave our bags in reception when we checked out, so that we didnt have to carry them around with us. I would fully recommend this Travel Inn for a short break.	
Dec 8 2006 	Great views - mundane hotel	First of all I have to admit that my rating is probably a bit unfair to the hotel. You know what are getting with Travelodge/PremierInn type places - basic comfort in a soul-less environment with reasonably efficient but hardly enthusiastic service - on that basis this place doesn't disappoint. But its hardly enough to rave about either. Rating this at 5 stars really mean that you are damning all the other 5 star rated hotels with VERY faint praise. It is just a very ordinary place that is reasonably clean and, for its price, better than a lot of places in London in terms of value for money. On the plus side you get great views of the Eye, the Thames and the Houses of Parliament, you are very close to the Southbank theatres, concerts halls and galleries etc. On the downside its, well, its just a bog-standard Premier Inn.	
Dec 5 2006 	great location	This hotel is in the best location. I have stayed in a travel inn futher out and ended up paying more in Taxi's and train fares. Paying slightly more is worth it. The hotel itself is ok.	
Dec 5 2006 	A Great Place to Stay	We stayed here recently and were very impressed; clean rooms, efficient service and a fabulous location - situated right next to the London Eye. There are loads of shops, bars and restaurants in walking distance so no need to get the tube anywhere. As regular visitors to London we've stayed in some horrible places (normally late 'deals' via certain websites) but this place was cheaper than we normally pay and a million times better.	
Dec 4 2006 	Very good value for money	A very good, friendly hotel that offers excellent value for money in a location that cannot be beaten.Staff VERY friendly, almost indecently so ;)Requested room with a view for the second night - first night had a view of the service courtyard - yuck. Staff obliged with a great room for the second night that had a view of the London eye and the City.Breakfast was okay as was the one evening meal I had (6/10)Fantastic location for shopping and business.Loved the recharger facility nin Reception where you could recharge virtually any ipod type player or mobile phone for £1.	
