	You Just Can't Beat the Location!	If you are coming in to London from Heathrow, you just can't beat the location. You take the tube from the airport, get off at Green Park, come up from the tube station and you are there. You are a staring at the Hotel Ritz, and are a 5 minute walk from Fortnum &amp; Mason's, the Royal Academy, Picadilly Circus, and walking for 5 minutes across Green Park, you are at Buckingham Palace. So, is this the finest hotel in the world? Nope. But like buying a house, location, location, location is what it's all about.We stayed on the 6th floor, and I feel like I was staying in a different hotel than all the people who've left complaints on this website. The bathroom was perfectly modern and clean, with lots of fresh towels (and extras in the closet). The room looked like an American Holiday Inn (but smaller). Two double beds, a desk, and a small table with 2 chairs. For those who have stayed in other places in London, you will recognize just how difficult it is to find a room with two double beds.The furnishings, including the bed coverings and the drapes, were new. I did notice, however, that the carpets in my room were stained and dirty. My only other negative comment is that if you are coming from abroad with stuffed suitcases, beware. There is a luggage rack for ONE and only one suitcase. There is no room AT ALL for anything else. The closet is very big, however, so you can stow your other suitcases in there.If you want to stay at a hotel with a big, fancy lobby, lots of meeting rooms and a super exercise gym....this is not the place. However, if you want a clean, modern room smack dab in the center of London, I don't think you could find a better spot.	
	Disappointing; 2 stars	We booked 4 rooms, so the evaluation is a fair repesentation over a 6 night stay. The math on this property: Rated @ 4 stars @60% of the price = 2.4 stars which may be a little high for this establishment. The only positives: location, and the staff was helpful. Poorly maintained, cleanliness, poor HVAC system, a very uncomfortable experience.	
Nov 18 2009 	Superb location great stay	Stayed 3 nights, paying with priority club points. We were given an upgraded room which was great - I always thought upgrades wouldn't be given with points. We've stayed here several times before, on previous occasions with daughter. Rooms containing 2 beds are a little small, but this time with just 2 of us we had just the one bed, with sofa,chair, table and desk and it was a good sized room.As other reviewers have commented the decor is tired. Our bathroom had recently been re-grouted, but the overall appearance of the rooms is dated - a full redecoration is needed to bring it up to current Holiday Inn spec.We didn't dine in the hotel but did take breakfast - £10.75 pp with a voucher from reception. The cold selection was good - fresh juices, fruit, meats, cheeses and cereals. The cooked items (sausages, bacon, hash browns, mushrooms, beans, fried and scrambled eggs) were excellant - the restaurant was not busy but dishes were changed very frequently. The items were not at all greasy and piping hot. Omelettes and pancakes were available on request. Overall fantastic value for money - we didn't want to eat again until dinner.I was most impressed by room housekeeping - staff came in to our room whilst we were dining to tidy the room and refresh toiletries and beverage supplies. We've never experienced this service at other Holiday Inns.We didn't really need much help from reception/concierge service, but staff were friendly and helpful - Shaun and Lisa made us feel welcome and valued.Niggles? Internet access costs £17.50 a day. Husband wanted to check his e mails once, but this rate is ridiculous - in today's economic business climate it is unacceptable.Overall - a fantastic location - can't be bettered for the tourist. Good accommodation though dated, nice customer service. We will return.	
Nov 16 2009 	Excellent location but rooms do need some updating	We stayed here overnight for free as a points reward, which was brilliant! We had a family room and it was the first such we have ever stayed in where the children had a bed rather than a sofa bed - they really appreciated that! The rest of the room was reasonable but nothing special; the bathroom was a little small (the bath was notably narrow) and could do with an update - the area round the bath was beginning to show signs of age such as blackened areas of grouting and bottom of bath panel. We were given plenty of towels but the larger ones were still very small for bath towels! Extra pillows arrived promptly and with a smile, and the receptionists we met were equally friendly. We didn't eat at the hotel due to the large number of food outlets nearby. The best part of this hotel is its location - very close to many major sights in London but itself in quite a quiet road (we overlooked the road but did not experience any traffic noise).	
Nov 13 2009 	nice location/very old hotel	nice location very near green park, piccadilly and westminster and buckingham palace. Very good english breakfast. The hotel need some refurbishing work. Rooms very smol and not very clean	
Nov 1 2009 	Grubby hotel but friendly	We were on 4th floor and very disappointed with the size of bedroom as we had a 4yr old toddler withus. The bathroom was very grubby needed a good clean to the tiles and the ceiling was filthy due to dampness. When I complained nothing was done at first but the following morning I saw somebody else at reception and we were immediately moved to another room which was much better but still needeD new grouting and a general clean up of bathroom as well as carpet in bedroom.On leaving hotel went to collect our belongings from concierge with the correct ticket and he forgot to give part of a child's toy (expensive) to us. We eventually got it but returned homw without a coat that we had leftnthere. Our fault? Not really as we had loads of bags a 4 yr old and a train to catch.	
Oct 28 2009 	Excellent Location	Have stayed here before and booked again because for a family room it represented the best value for the location. We wanted to be near the West end theatres which it is. As already mentioned the furniture is somewhat tatty but I wouldn't agree that it is old fashioned or otherwise tatty. The breakfast is adequate but the dining area is cramped and hot and the tables are too low. Our window didn't seem to open and the they were a bit mean on the toiletries but more importantly the beds were comfortable and it was very quiet at night!. The service was excellent and friendly for London!	
Oct 28 2009	Central Location	This Hotel is very expensive. Tiny clean rooms. Small bar and restaurant on premisses. Friendly staff. Walk to palace and night clubs. Tour busses and entrance to The Tube accross from hotel. We had breakfast and dinner included in our room rate wich was a plus. Buffett style breakfast fresh juice and cold cereal. Dinner did not include drinks for obvious reasons. Overall not a bad place to stay. You can safely walk to nightlife hot spots, clubs and bars.	
Oct 19 2009 	5 star mayfair hotel	Wonderful location. Luxurious room and very comfortable Excellent food. Great customer service	
Oct 18 2009 	A thoroughly enjoyable stay	The staff could not have been more helpful or welcoming during our short stay. The room we had was clean and the beds comfortable. My wife is allergic to Glutine and has a problem in many places obtaining food that she can eat, but not in the Holiday Inn Mayfair where the staff went out of their way, sending out for gluten free bread and breakfast cereals for her and advising on what on the menu she could safely eat.The only complaint that we had was that only one lift was working (the other was out of service for maintenance) and it was rather small. We will be staying there again sometime in the not too distant future if my wife gets her way!	
Oct 12 2009 	Comfortable and convenient but needs a little TLC	We booked through a discount website and then saw the awful reviews. In the end, we were very pleased with the large, spotless and comfortable bedroom and how quiet our room was . The location is great and meant we could fit lots into a very short stay.We had diy breakfast in bed from the Sainsbury's on the corner rather than room service -bar and restaurant didn't float my boat but there are plenty of good places to eat and drink in nearby Shepherd's Market.I would have been pretty disappointed if I'd paid rack rate but I don't think anyone does for Holiday Inn.	
Oct 11 2009 	A very pleasant stay	I have just returned from a very pleasant stay in this hotel. It is located just around the corner from Green Park tube station, and around a 15 minutes walk from Oxford Street. The reception staff were very pleasant and helpful, and I was impressed with the room – it was a decent size and traditionally furnished with a sofa in the room and attractively draped curtains (which covered a view of a flat roof and an office block – keep the curtains shut when you get changed!). The bed was comfortable, and the bathroom was clean with a powerful shower.We didn’t eat in the restaurant for dinner, but breakfast was plentiful and hot. The only downside of the hotel is that they currently have only one (very small) lift in action and if you want to use the stairs (when you get fed up waiting for the lift, which is always full at peak times!) you have to go outside and across the car park – very strange! I got this room on my Priority Club points and it was a very pleasant stay. I would happily go back.	
Oct 10 2009 	Poor value for money - has seen better days	Everything that's wrong (and right) about this hotel has been mentioned in previous reviews, but to summarise:Fantastic location in central London.Ridiculously over-priced given the poor state of the rooms (not just old fashioned, but badly maintained and grubby), the out-of-service lift (and likely to be out of service for some time) and the lack-lustre service. A stay in a poorly maintained hotel can sometimes be improved if the service is good, but the staff here seem pretty miserable, perhaps because of the state of the place they're working in? Unless you're getting a room free or cheap with your Holiday Inn Priority Club, there are much, much better hotels in London.	
Oct 4 2009 	Amazing location not a fancy hotel	I booked this hotel on hotwire so at $119/nite, so in getting such a great deal for central london of course my heart sank a little when i learned the name of the hotel....holiday inn? hhmmmph....and after reading a couple of bad reviews I was nervous to stay there, BUT I will say that my mom, sister and I all stayed there for 5 nights and we enjoyed it very much. It is just around the corner from green park which has 3 underground lines (victoria, picadilly and jubilee) which means getting around london in just a few stops no matter where you are going. We were able to walk to buckingham palace for our tour....so location is fantastic. Was the hotel fancy? No. I agree with others that rooms were small, but this in LONDON people...I actually was surprised by how roomy the hotel was with toilets in the lobby, a restaurant, and one computer for internet use. The pillow menu was nice, but it took then 4 hours to get us pillows and the concierge when I called down to ask a very simple question just said &quot;come down and look at the list&quot; that is not the response I am used to from a concierge. Overall as long as you don't pay too much I think this hotel was fine. If you are celebrating or looking for a hotel with amenities...I would look somewhere else.	
Sep 27 2009 	Perfect location Hotel OK	This hotel is fancy due to its great location btw Green Park and Picadilly Circus. Rooms are clean but need some refurbishment. All in all a good value - when you get a good price. I would go again, but mainly due to its location.	
Sep 24 2009 	Everything is excluded	Breakfast (10 pounds), internet (17 pounds), switcher to euro plug (2 pounds), elevator (does not work), hair dryer (does not work), hair conditioner (does not exist), shower cap (does not exist) - horrible experience.	
Sep 21 2009 	Best location and value in London	We have stayed here several times and will return again. While the hotel is in an older building, it si very well maintained with comfortable rooms and excellent staff. It is located within walking distance of many attractions and on the both the underground line and several bus routes. There are a number of restaurants in the area. We'll be back.	
Sep 21 2009 	Great location but	We stayed at the Holiday Inn Mayfair September 18-19. The location was excellent - very close to the underground and a short walk to Buckingham Palace. We were 4 in the room with 2 double beds. It was small. The hotel was older and a bit tired. Our room looked out to the Starbucks across the street. That road was quiet, but the road at the corner was not and kept us up at night. The kids loved the pillow menu. This was the only hotel we visited on our trip (9 nights in 5 hotels) that I would not stay in again as we didn't sleep well.	
Sep 20 2009 	To condemn this hotel and to replace all staff other than one conceirge named Keith!	As I said, replace all staff other than Keith, with the homeless people we met outside on the streets because they had more class than the staff and were more friendly and helpful! Oh, I would rate this hotel a big ZERO if I could! The hotel wanted $400 up front for a security deposit which we have never had to do anywhere else and we have traveled many places. As soon as we walked into our room, my exact words were, &quot;EEEW!!&quot; I could not believe we were paying this much for such a dump! The walls were dirty and the carpet was covered with stains and everytime we came back to the room it smelled! There was only one elevator working and it took forever to get to our floor! Many times we had to use the stairs which lead all the way to the other side of the hotel outside in a courtyard. All staff were pretty much worthless and extremely rude, except for one conceirge named Keith. One particular conceirge made us miss one of our tours, so we had to reschedule it, thank goodness we could, and he actually even said to me, &quot;Don't make me have to get rude with you&quot;, and when I handed him the phone back he slammed it down. He is lucky I controlled my temper! Housekeeping kept adusting our AC and it really did not work all that great either. I noticed the mini bar was missing two Pepsi's the first night we got there and of course the hotel tried to charge me for the drinks, but that did not happen. Two of the front desk female clerks (should have gotten names) were very rude, never said hello or good morning and we actually caught them giving my daughters dirty looks, how unprofessional! The restaurant's food was disgusting and over priced! We asked for two wake up calls, one was an hour late, and the other we never recieved, and that was the call to get us up to go to the airport and go home. Thank goodness the driver we hired came into the hotel lobby and asked staff to call us. The staff did not even come up to help us with our luggage and said they did make a wake up call to us! Also, don't expect to watch TV, the variety sucked with only a few channels and no local channels to view weather or news. Would I recommend this hotel to a friend, NO!! I would not even recommend this hotel to my worst enemy! I just wonder where were the roaches hiding?	
Sep 16 2009	expensive but good stay	stayed here with a person in a wheelchair. the room was excellent, pity there was no shower but lots of space. very good location, close to a lot of sights. the staff was very courtious, gave every bit of help and information that we needed. there are two elevators but one is out of order due to renovations so long waits wich is a pity when you cannot use the staircase. the hotel is definitely older and a bit tired, but good staff, clean and a good breakfast. overall a good stay.	
Sep 14 2009 	Not impressed	Booked this room using free room offer so no charge, the room itself seemed ok but a little tired, the tv reception was very poor most channels unwatchable but it was the bathroom that caused most concern! there was black mould all round the bath and fittings and the bathroom door could not be closed at all.This is the first time that I have ever had to complain at a Holiday Inn, the reception seemed very surprised that there should be a problem but offered me another room this was a big improvement but the bathroom still left a lot to be desired.	
Sep 11 2009 	Location was great but everything else very poor. An awful experience!	We stayed three nights at this hotel to take in the sights of the greatest city on earth. My wife and I brought our 18 and 20 year olds and rented two rooms, including an executive suite. The location is excellent - in Mayfair - and close to everything. But that's where the quality element ends. The hotel is run down and staff have the worst attitude I have ever encountered in any hotel in the world...and I have been in many countries. I don't know where to start or where to end so I will give just a few of the experiences and let you judge for yourself. There are two very slow elevators. One was down the whole time leaving a single elevator the size of a broom closet. The front desk staff were non-chalant at best. Rude at the worst. One effeminate male front desk clerk answered my question but I couldn't hear him as he spoke softly and very fast. I asked him to kindly speak up a little and he looked at me like I had two heads and raised his eyes to the ceiling. You don't need that attitude, especially when you're paying the equivalent of $600 a night for a flea-bag hotel! I am a member of Holiday Inn Priority Club, which means that upon arrival you get a free bottle of water. The water I was given was some awful sparkling water that tasted disgusting. I asked if I could have a bottle of spring water instead. ONE bottle of spring water. The front desk clerk said NO, I would have to buy a bottle of spring water. The cost? Get a load of this...$4 !!! Talk about feeling violated. The restaurant on site will squuze you as well. Unless you are a politician or the company is paying your bill, you don't appreciate being gouged. I brought my family to this hotel and thought that a Holiday Inn would have some acceptable standard. Wrong! I asked the conceirge for directions and he responded as if I asked him the most stupid question in the world. Awful awful attitude of these staff. Simply ridiculous. The rooms were pathetic. The equivalant of what you would find for $49 a night in the rough part of Detroit or Toronto. A dirty, run-down, tired hotel staffed by people with brutal attitudes. The only redeeming points of this whole experience was the location and the existence of a Sainsbury's grocery store across the street. For those of you fellow North Americans who might not be familiar with Sainsbury's, Sainsbury's is the third largest and best supermarket in the UK and it was a God-send. We don't have any supermarket as fine as Sainsbury's in all of North America. It provides the customer with exquisite ready-made food for the protein lover or vegetarian alike. We shopped there every day and were amazed at all of the variety of food and drinks at ridiculously-low prices! And I am talking about very high quality food. Don't eat at this hotel...or any hotel in London. Go to Sainsbury's!	
Sep 10 2009 	Seedy hotel which should be bulldozered down	In the age where most hotel chains (and yes, even Holiday Inn) try to re-invent themselves and become design and boutique, what should be the brand flagship, in prime location and charging high prices, is actually the most run-down I have ever seen. Much wear and tear, dirty carpet, claustrophobic bathroom, and an old-style TV. I was happy I only spend my loyalty points there. Yes, location is great, but if they charge you higher than GBP 150, then simply book an Holiday Express a bit further down (like Kensington), which offers a much better room for much cheaper.	
Sep 9 2009	Absolutely Not A 4 Star Hotel	The only good thing about this hotel is location. Only one elevator worked and that was sporadic at best, at one point we were instructed to use the service elevator and had to ride up and down with bags of dirty laundry. We were on the 4th floor and had to use the stairs a few times. The concierge service was non-existent, when I asked for directions to a nearby restaurant I was given a map with no further assistance offered or given when asked. When I complained to the concierge regarding other service issues he suggested I write a letter to the manager. The AC in the room barely worked and when we finally got it to a liveable temp, the housekeeper would change it every morning. Housekeeping was minimal, we stayed a week and the bedding was never changed, the trash baskets were only emptied twice and the floor was never vacuumed. One morning my daughter used the last of the toilet paper before we left for the day, when we returned that evening the toilet paper had not been replenished, when I called the front desk to request more, the housekeeper brought us an opened roll from another room.	
Sep 8 2009 	Good location and price	Stayed several times mainly because of location - just next to Green Park Tube. Rates can vary depending on demand. I stayed here last time for £104 per night (no breakfast) which is a bargain. Added to that I had a room upgrade as well. Rooms are acceptable for an older hotel in London. Trick is to join Holiday Inn Priority Club and then you are more likely to get an upgrade. Public spaces are poor and restaurant is convinient but best go out. Consierge is very helpful and stores luggage that would cost you £10 at any rail station.	
Sep 6 2009	Excellent in everything	I stayed there after a surgery in a wheelchair access room, it was comfortable.	
Sep 3 2009 	Avoid a financial waste	We are very familiar with London, as half the family still lives there, and should have trusted my inner voice and stay somewhere else. The location is what lured us into this trap, across the road from The Ritz, a real hotel, and up Berkley Street, about 50 meters from Berkley Square. Up on arrival, a short walk from Green Park underground station, I felt like I had just bought a lemon from a used car dealer. The building was non-descript, just plane ugly. I would not had know it was a hotel had it not been for the queue of freshly robbed travellers spilling out on to the road. I have seen more inviting lobbies at Microtel or a Hotel 6. It was ridiculously small, disorganized, dirty, crowded with unaccompanied luggage strewn about the place. The staff was curt, slow, inarticulate, and downright clueless. Only one lift was working and it took about 10 minutes to go five floors. The fire exits were poorly marked and hard to locate, if you used the stairway instead of the lift, it would take you outside in a small courtyard carpark. and you had to find your way back to the entry lobby. The rooms were extremely plane, which is OK if you are wanting to pay average hotel tariffs, but the price of a double room is astronomical for what you receive in return --easily quadruple the worth of a similar room at another hotel in the area. I would be ashame to charge that amount for the dump =GBP395 per night. Complete and absolute rip-off --stay away --run away. Save you money, and take a room in another part of London, within a mile or so in any direction and you can save hundreds of dollars/pounds. Or if you can afford it, spend the same amount or a little more a get real luxury at the Sofitel, Dorchester, etc. This is not the same as a Holiday Inn in America --this one is an embarassement to carry the brand name. NEVER again!	
Sep 3 2009 	excellent if you can get the right price	I got this on a 2 for one deal from the Holiday Inn website - 2 nights in the Holiday Inn Mayfair for £160, and as they had run out of non smoking rooms and had an executive free, I got an upgrade too - fantastic.Whilst you are unlikely to match my luck in getting a £400 per night room for £80, staying here will get you a most pleasant room in a very nice part of town. 50 yards from green park tube and the 19/38 bus route, 1km from Picadilly Circus and about the same from Buckingham Palace, i couldn't fault the service, the location and the incredible quietness off the room at night,Breakfast is pretty good value at £10 but enough to feed an army and last you all day, you can get local ones for a fiver but you know, I wouldn't bother. It lacks a gym and a pool - apart from that, go for it!	
Aug 31 2009 	Fabulous location service. couldn't ask for a better hotel.	I stayed at this hotel with my Mom &amp; my 7 year old Daughter for my 30th Birthday escape. Location wise it is absolutely superb, Stones through from the Ritz and Green park tube station. with in walking distance you have all the major sights, Buckingham Palace, Hyde park, Trafalgar square, Piccadilly, Also all the shopping areas, Oxford street, Regents street, even found boutiques by Stella Mcartney, Matthew Williamson &amp; Vivienne Westwood so no matter what your budget you can shop till your hearts content. As for eatin out, yes you can stay in hotel and it was a little expensive but you are in the heart off Mayfair,close by u have got Celeb hangout Nobu but you also have Starbucks, &amp; Boots. We was quiet hapy buying a sandwich from boots for lunch and eating it in Green park.As for the hotel some of the reviews state about the rooms bein dated and hotel in need of a refurb, I'd like to say it is furnished in a traditional english way and not like some of the new hotels that are more contemporay and considering we are in England it was quite nice to see. My daughters jaw nearly hit the floor when she walked in she was mighty impressed and while we were out &amp; about she kept asking to go back to the hotel because she loved it that much. As it was my birthday the hotel upgraded our room to a executive room, The bed was huge we had pull out sofa bed too and it was so clean, everything was spotless. after our day out when i arrived back to our room i had a birthday card waiting and a little tin of sweets of the hotel which i thought was really nice i wasn't expecting anything like that at all. The mini bar was expensive but no different from any other 4* hotel i have stayed in.The staff was all really friendly. everytime you walked past a member of staff they would smile and say good morning , hello or greet you in a smiley and friendly way. I have stayed in London a few times before but this is the only hotel i would definately come back to time and time again, the location and the service was fantastic even if the decor isn't 2 your taste, but lets face it how long are you actually going to stay in the hotel, even if you are there on business or pleasure you are not really going to be sitting around the lobby you are going to be off either in your business meeting or exploring the sights of London. i would recommend this hotel to anyone I thoroughly enjoyed my stay and made my 30th birthday one to remember. If people can only complain about the decor then suely that is down to each persons individual taste i would not let that put you off at all if you want a great central london location at a reasonable price then this is the hotel for you.	
Aug 25 2009 	Three words location location location..but that sums it up	Stayed at the Holiday Inn Mayfair for three nights for family vacation. Disappointing hotel, dated furniture. Soap sliver provided in bathroom does not seem to be in keeping with the supposed hotel quality, was more of Quality Inn type. There was no lotion, no other bathroom amenities, basic shampoo and gel only available. Room size was quite good as we were located on the 7th floor. Hotel is very clean. Lobby staff NOT friendly at all, concierge (s) especially unhelpful and pretentious. For the pretense you would have expected better in room amenities and not the skimpy towels in the bathroom, which were similar to those provided in my gym.Was able to get a rate of 153 $ US per night so it was excellent value. Note that the lifts are under repair for another six weeks to mid september causing tremendous delay as all guests have to use one lift which can mean waiting for two or three trips.Internet access available, 17.50 GBP per 24hr period so ludicrous. Did find out that if you have wireless when you are near the window you can access BT Onlline Opensource service and pay 5.80GBP for 24 hr access, so try this.Phone calls are expensive, access to 800 numbers costs 2.50 GBP for connection.The one thing that the hotel does have going for it is its location, extremely well situated, next to Green Park tube station from where you can take one train direct to Heathrow for 4GBP or so. (a bit long ride but easier than going up to Paddington and changing to expensive Heathrow express).	
Aug 15 2009 	Got a better room after asking	I got this hotel via Priceline. The location is excellent for Central London sightseeing, etc.. Everything is within a short walk, and the Green Park Tube is just outside the hotel. When I arrived the first room I was given was not great. It was on a low floor that looked directly onto a wall of a building that was being renovated - not 10 feet away. My biggest complaint, though, was that there was dust everywhere, including the bedspread. It looked like this was their very last room that was never used (or dusted). After a little cajoling they moved me to a much better &quot;executive&quot; room. They were supposedly going to charge me more, but I was never billed extra.The hotel is fine, but don't expect the &quot;Four Star&quot; level they claim. The staff were a bit diffident, and obviously the room quality varies greatly. If you get a good deal, go for it, but I expect you could find better value for your money.	
Aug 14 2009 	Tired Hotel Good Location. Expensive.	As a Londoner I can say the only good point about this Hotel is its location. Its on the corner of Piccadily and Berkeley Street opposite The Ritz , The Hotel itself is tired and in need of a complete refurbishment. Not good value.	
Aug 11 2009 	Great Location and That's It!	The best thing about this hotel is its location. It's in the heart of Mayfair, minutes walk to Green Park Tube station, Buckingham Palace, and Piccadilly Circus. Lots of cafe shops, Boots pharmacy, a supermarket and restaurants nearby. The City Tour Hop-On and Off busses are right along the Picaddily Street, which is steps from the hotel. People at the Consierge are very helpful when approached. The negative side of this premise is the hotel conditions/services. They are:* Outdated, old furnishing and finishing; hotel room looks unclean and air smells dampness. We had to switch our room in Day 1 because we found a cockroach running out of a desk drawer. That was quite a shock!* 2 slow elevators (lifts) and one is currently under construction;* High internet access fee - 15 pounds per day or 6 pounds for an hour;* No fitness, no pool, no business centre (only one old computer in the lobby for a fee);* On-site restaurant has very pricey menu* Beddings - we had to request to have duvet cover sheets changed daily and ask for extra pillows because there were only two per double bedIf the hotel can undergo some major renovation to update its furnishing and finishing, this hotel would be a great place to stay due to its location and especially for a family that need two double beds. This hotel should have been rated 3-star the most.	
Aug 7 2009 	Just perfect	You can't beat the location of this hotel - convenient to tube and bus stops, and within walking distance of many of London's top attractions.The rooms were well appointed, scrupulously clean and comfortable. We were grateful for the air conditioning (very quiet and with a thermostat that reponded accurately) as the temperatures were around 30 degrees C outside most of the week we were there! Rooms aren't huge, but they're not cramped either.I can't thank the wonderful staff enough for their kindness and eagerness to help with our requests. My daughter gets migraines under fluorescent lighting and of course all the lights were fluorescent. I asked if it was possible to swap out one or two bulbs for incandescent bulbs, but on investigation it turned out that the light fittings weren't compatible with that. The staff sprang into action and promised someone would nip out and buy a desk lamp for the room if necessary - they seemed to regard it as a really important mission and they made us feel as if they genuinely cared about our needs. With a little ingenuity they solved the problem and made our stay much more comfortable. They were similarly helpful when I had a problem with the wireless internet connection in my room, which was speedily resolved - I really can't fault their customer service.I didn't eat in the restaurant - there were so many alternatives nearby. There's a Starbucks immediately opposite the hotel, a Marks and Spencers 'Simply Food' adjacent to Green Park Tube, and a Sainsbury's (supermarket) just across the road on Berkley street, as well as a plethora of places like Pret a Manger, Costa, etc just a stone's throw away on Piccadilly. With a bar fridge as well as facilities for coffee/tea making in the room, we were able to store snacks and breakfast comfortably and cheaply before venturing out for the day.Highlights of our stay - tea at the Ritz, picnics in Green Park (just opposite the hotel) and being able to hike all over central London from this amazingly convenient location.	
Aug 5 2009 	Locaton Excellent but the only plus	It is true that the location of this hotel is excellent and the rooms were relatively spaceous. These are the only positives I can find. The staff were cold and unwelcoming and every request we made was met with indifference or a negative. The rooms were shabby at best. Strong smell of damp with a large watermark on ceiling and down the wall. Grouting around bath was black with mould. Lifts were being serviced or replaced and had to use stairs to lobby with the exception of 15 min wait to move lugguage on departure. Call costs from room are prohibitive - a 5 minute international call and a 6 minute local mobile call cost me 36pounds. Granted the rates are published in the room, but I still cannot imagine a justification for this outrageous markup. We stayed at another hotel in Kensington earlier in our trip and the rates were lower and the rooms/ service and ambiance were so considerably superior that I would in future compromise on location and make up the difference in room rate by catching taxis.	
Aug 4 2009 	Grand room overlooking the Ritz	My partner and I were upgraded to a grand room overlooking the ritz with separate living area and a jacuzzi in the bathroom-hotel staff really friendly and helpful- location of the hotel perfect	
Jul 29 2009 	Incredible Location Very Nice Hotel Small Room	Anyone looking for an affordable hotel room in London that can sleep four knows it's not easily found. We booked this online because of price, location, and two queen beds! The best thing about the hotel is the location. Can walk to just about anything you want to see in London and if you don't want to walk it's just a block from the underground. The lobby is small. Staff is excellent. Restaurant is adequate. Food was not necessarily the best anywhere, but definitely not bad. It was about convenience. The room was very small, but clean. Bed very comfy. Too much furniture in the room. The bathroom....excellent shower. Funny plumbing in the sink (turn the handle and the entire faucet would turn!). We were very happy with the hotel, despite the funky plumbing!	
Jul 7 2009 	Book when you get a good rate	Got a very good offer for 2 rooms, 2 nights and request for 2 double bed rooms and was perfect, got rooms faces directly opposite the Ritz and I am sure the size of the rooms are comparable to some rooms at the Ritz. 5 star location, simply one of the best. Yes, the hotel looks a bit out-dated and could do with some refurbishment. What you pay is what you get, thus for the price I pay, is value for money. Beds not so comfortable but fine with me.	
Jul 4 2009 	Fabulous location - despite a tube strike.	My husband and myself stayed at this hotel in early June and we opted to use the exclusive 2 for 1 night rate offer which enabled us to treat ourselves to four nights for £345.00 - bargain! (And would have been even more of a bargain if it hadn't have been for the tax.) As mentioned, the breakfast has been reduced by £5, but this saving is lost if you want breakfast in your room. We didn't eat in the hotel as we really were on a budget, and there were cheaper options elsewhere and nearby.We arrived quite late, 11pm, and the check-in was smooth. We were too late to order a newspaper for the next day, (and only received one for the duration for some reason?) but not too late to have a quick freshen up, and take a stroll around the surrounding area to find our bearings. The Nobu Berkeley is along the same street as the hotel, and Mahiki is on the corner of the next street, so an ideal location if you're well off, young, and are able to get on their guest lists. Unfortunately we're none of these :-) so after a short time spent celebrity spotting (none that we saw) we strolled along in the opposite direction where, within a short walk from the hotel, there's an M&amp;S Food to go, (handy for their delicious and hot tomato and basil soup and bread roll which we enjoyed as a quick lunchtime snack later in the week) and a Sainsbury's just around the corner. Cafe Nero and Starbucks are also close to hand, and Pret a Manger and the Hard Rock Cafe is just up the road. There's a Boots pharmacy two doors away for any forgotten necessities and bottled water - something you might need as the hotel tap water was rarely cold. As mentioned, the Ritz is just across the road, and Langan's Brasserie is located one street away. We checked out all of these places before returning back to the hotel, and even though it was well after midnight, we felt safe walking in every direction we took - which is always a bonus, and although Piccadilly is a lively place to stay, the revellers didn't disturb our sleep once. Our room was on the 6th floor and we had a view, although a small one, of the Ritz from one angle, and Green Park from the other. In fact, we could see the Green Park underground from our room, but soon realised that this might not be the bonus we first thought, as the tube workers were on strike for nearly three of the days we spent there. Yet despite our well-laid out plans being thwarted regarding which tube would get us to the various theatres and restaurants we needed, the strike enabled us to see even more of London. The hotel really is in the best of locations as other reviewers have mentioned, and apart from longer journeys, where we used Oyster cards on the buses and DLR's, the majority of our time was spent walking and finding little gems like the Burlington Arcade, which is a short walk away, and similar arcades, not forgetting Fortnum &amp; Masons - all of which are worth a quick visit. The theatres, which we'd sometimes hail a taxi for on previous visits, or take the tube to, were hardly any distance at all to walk to, (and as someone who avoids walking when I can, I hope you can trust me on that one!) For the four nights and five days we wandered around Chinatown, Soho, Trafalgar Square, Downing Street even, (and most of the tourist trail to be honest) and always ended up at Picaddilly Circus (which never seems to sleep), before heading back to the hotel, and only once or twice did we bother to take the bus - which is only a stop or two away from the hotel anyway, and, as on the first evening, we always felt safe. The only down side was the room itself, and even though we didn't need to spend much time in it, as we wanted to see as much of London as we could, it wasn't a room we'd have liked to spend too long in. Although it was very roomy with two comfortable double beds with clean bedding, more than ample hanging space, table and two chairs, fridge, and every necessity like an iron and board, safe, hospitality tray, complimentary toiletries etc, it was tired and in need of refurbishment. The furniture and decor had seen better days, as had the carpet and curtains, and would have been a bigger disappointment if we'd have paid the normal room rate. Likewise, the bathroom was clean but dull, and the towels, of which there was also an ample supply, were also well-worn. Overall, not a bathroom we could have relaxed in at all, but it served its purpose I guess. Do check your bill though, as ours showed as having breakfasts that we hadn't taken, something that isn't unique to this hotel as we've since found out in other hotel chains. I should add that the overcharge was quickly amended.I'd recommend this hotel to family and friends without hesitation, and when we've saved up enough Priority Club points, it's a hotel we'll definitely return to. Because of the tube strike, I'd just like to say a big thanks to the concierges that helped us to get to where we needed to be, even if it was on foot :-) and hope that whoever stays there enjoys it as much as we did, despite the room needing updating.	
Jun 29 2009 	Reception and Location first Class	Stayed at the Holiday Inn Mayfair on Sat 26th June used my priority plus points and it was free. It would have cost up to £300 so I would have give it a miss.Contacted the hotel the day before and informed them I would arrive at midday and requested a early book in. The book in time is 14.00.As we arrived they were telling a couple that their room was not ready so we feared the worst.Fortunatley it was available and we had a chance to freshen up before our trip to the theatre at 14.30 to see We will rock you( excellent ).We were offered a discount off the full breakfast £11 instead of £16 special offer.The room was dated but had a quality feel to it and the beds were very comfortable the air conditioning at its lowest 16 degrees was still too warm.It was only 5 mins from green park underground and 5 mins from the Washington Mayfair where we had a excellent 3 course meal for £10 per head.pre booked under Lastminute .com( reviewed this under resturaunts ). So it is a excellent hotel with staff too match with plenty of pubs and eateries around the only Flying Footman close by.But £300+ a night a little out of my price range but fantastic for free.	
Jun 18 2009 	great location and value	This hotel is in the best location in London and has access to three tube lines. Clean and basic hotel for a reasonable price. Spent five nights in the hotel and have no complaints. Just remember its a Holiday Inn. The only warning is that the concierge is not much help so do your research before coming to London on sights to see and restuarants etc.	
Jun 13 2009 	Great location and excellent value	This hotel is no frills but is perfect for being centrally located. Access to the Green Park tube is right across the street and Piccadilly Circus is within walking distance. You can even walk to Covent Garden if you have time but can use the tube if in a rush.The rooms are old as you would expect from an old hotel in London. Upgrades to the bathrooms would be nice but I cannot complain given the value.	
May 31 2009 	Excellent Location.	Location wise this hotel is excellent.Walking distance from picadilly circus,buckingham palace,etc.Right next to a tube station too and well connected by bus too.We had to leave for airport early morning at 4 am when the tube had not started service.We easily reached the airport by a direct bus at 2 pounds per person.Overall a very nice experience .	
May 22 2009 	It was OK	Great location, just off Piccadilly near the Ritz, so an excellent base.Staff professional &amp; friendly.Rooms - out of date style wise, but obviously was good quality &amp; the height of fashion in the swags &amp; tails era of curtains! (Late 80s/early 90s maybe?). Clean.Bathroom - shabby really, needed to be refurbished for sure, but clean &amp; did the job, good shower.Not so good: small thin, threadbare towels - not difficult/expensive to buy new ones! Staff provided bath sheets quickly on request. Bedsheets clean, but again a bit old. Mattress cover was stained!! Too late/too tired to complain so put a towel under the sheet &amp; left a comment about it the next day. No reply. Not impressive for IHG!Finally breakfast room is dire. It is dark, old fashioned. Not much daylight, in fact in one bit it could have been the middle of the night!! Doubles as the bar area (the bar was just behind our table - bizarre. Breakfast itself is mediocre. I suggest you don't bother &amp; go to one of the very many coffee shops which are close by, or buy yourself breakfast from the Sainsbury's across the road &amp; eat in in your room. Ours was bright &amp; sunny!Overall, clean, but out of date with shabby furnishings. But if you just want somewhere handy to sleep, the location is great and the staff friendly	
May 19 2009 	I love this hotel but it needs updating	We have stayed at this hotel in the past, and we love the hotel and the location. However, I agree with other reviewers--it's time for an update! The location and room size are excellent, and the staff is terrific from housekeeping to the front desk. But the rooms are getting very tired. Our furniture was fairly banged up, and the bathroom had missing tiles and was generally tired. But the view of Green Park was just what we asked for. The food in the dining room was good, and service here was very good too. The location is great for walking to so many sights, theatre, shopping etc. I hope they put some $$ into renovations soon, and we'll definitely stay here again the next time we travel to London. However, I have to admit that if this was my first time in this hotel I'd probably be left with a more negative feeling.	
May 8 2009 	Elegant comfortable 	We ended up at this hotel after a mix-up at an entirely different hotel. We stayed in the Executive King Suite. The room was beautifully decorated with fine fabrics and furniture. The bath was large and the jet tub was a nice added touch. The room service meal arrived hot and tasted excellent. Having a tube stop just a few steps from the front door made it a great choice. If you're willing to splurge a bit this is a great place.	
Apr 28 2009 	bad experience	very poor hotel but just excelent location basically you are just paying for the location nothing else substantial for this hotelreally boring!!!rooms were bad as well	
Apr 26 2009 	Average overpriced hotel with excellent location and solid personell	The HI Mayfair has one of the best locations in London, but is in need of renovation. Breakfast could be a lot better, but that seems to be the standard in Holiday inn nowdays. Friendly staff and excellent location pushed my rate up to average. The price/quality ratio is not good at all.	
Apr 20 2009 	Highly Recommended	The staff was excellent. When we arrived to drop our luggage, they told us to head to Buckinham Palace to catch the changing of the guard. It is only every other day this time of year and we did not know that. It is located in walking distance of most major attractions. Very reasonable rate. I left my ipod in the room and it is now in the mail to me. I look forward to staying there again. For three or more, a taxi is cheaper than the Heathrow Express.	
Apr 20 2009 	I wouldn´t recommend	The check-in was very unwelcoming. The receptionist hardly looked at me when we arrived, not to mention smiling. There wasn´t anything wrong with the cleaning but the room was old and scruffy, that´s why I wasn´t very pleased to stay in Mayfair Holiday Inn. The breakfast room was beautiful and quality of the food was ok. Location of the hotel is good.	
Apr 19 2009 	Not too bad	We read all the reviews on here and from that knew what we were getting, the location is brilliant, the hotel rooms definitely could do with a 'facelift', however all the staff are so helpful and friendly and with a taxi rank outside so we never had to wait and the Green Park tube station opposite (although there were many tube problems during our weekend...how long have you got?...on Sat despite us having an 'all-day' travel ticket...Piccadilly line was down 5pm-ish and Jubilee line was completely off, so we spent around £50 on taxis and had only travel of 3 stops from our £24.50 travel pass...rip off! Still that was nothing to do with the hotel and our stay there was perfectly acceptable.	
Apr 17 2009	Affordable Clean Perfect location	Stayed at this hotel for 2 nights. When we arrived our rooms were not ready but we were able to leave ours bags there which was handy. Greenpark tube station is just around the corner. Buckingham palace is a short 5 min walk through Green Park and the hotel is also a short walk from Piccadilly Circus. The rooms were clean and the beds were very comfortable. We had a buffet breakfast each morning which was okay but nothing special. As we were in London for sightseeing the location was perfect. I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Apr 14 2009 	Fantastic Location!	For the money, this hotel is a bargain. Ours included buffet breakfast which was adequate.(nothing fancy). Its very nice for the family (with 2 young kids) to be able to go downstairs and have a decent breakfast. The service is mediocre. The concierge hand-waved directions and on 1 occasion was wrong. No printed maps for the area near the hotel. The hotel also tries to nickle and dime you. If you need to check your email, use the Kinkos (24 hours) 2 blocks from the hotel. But it is right off the tube station and 2 blocks from Green Park. 10 minutes walk to Buckingham Palace; the Regents/Oxford shopping center... One of the two elevators was broken for the entire 7 days we were there. We used the stairs a bit, which is not a big deal. All in all, great value as long as you remember it is a holiday inn. Size of the room is actually pretty decent for London. This is our 6th trip to london and we've stayed at a lot fancier hotels and one fairly dingy one. We'll definitely come back to this one.	
Apr 13 2009 	A one man show	When we arrived in London, exhausted, we were told by one Holiday Inn they were overbooked and didn't have a room. We were told we were being relocated to the Mayfair H.I. which was much nicer, right. They must not have realized I had seen both. After wasting a good part of our first day being relocated we arrived. There was one superior employee at this site, Mark, but when he wasn't there the rest were of no help. Since all our pick ups for tours were scheduled at the other H.I. they had to be changed. Fortunately the first H.I. helped us with this since the Mayfair seemed useless. Another problem was we were on a meal plan at the first hotel that the second seemed to have a hard time accepting, especially when Mark wasn't there. So of course even though we stressed this and was reassured the meal charges showed up on our credit card when we got home even though they were not there at check out? Virgin, the tour company took care of it but one more hassel courtesy of H.I. Plus the Mayfair had one elevator, not one set, one elevator, so needless to say it was always quite a wait and was usually filled when it came. Very frustrating. They had a for pay internet computer in the lobby but it didn't work. Dinning room was nice and server very good.	
Apr 12 2009 	excellent hotel	The holiday inn mayfair is worth every penny, excellent service,location and the beds in the room are extremely comfortable! The room was very clean and the staff were very helpful. The tube station is only round the corner and leicester square is just a short walk away. I would definately reccommend this hotel excellent.	
Apr 12 2009 	Great place to stay in London	A lot of reviewers have mentioned that this hotel is a bit tired and I guess it's true, but you can't get away from the fact that it's a Holiday Inn (so you know exactly what you're going to get), and it's right next to the tube stop in one of London's best tourist locations. Oh, and it's cheap (for London) as well.Rooms are a good size, staff helpful, nice and quiet at night with surprisingly little road noise (from our room anyway). Nothing to complain about and we had a good stay.We didn't eat here, but the bar prices seemed reasonable, and everything's clean.Would stay here again without hesitation.	
Apr 1 2009 	Great stay in good location	My Mum, Sister and I stayed in a family room for two nights over a weekend in March. Location- Excellent for sightseeing and 02 arena travel which is what we wanted. Green Park underground is right on the doorstep and the Jubilee line takes you everywhere.Price - We got a two for one offer and worked out at 185 pounds for all 3 of us for two night (no breakfast).Rooms - A nice size particularly for London with two comfy double beds, tv, blackout curtains etc. Only cups and glasses for two but hotel brought up another set really speedily when we asked. Bathroom a bit basic but everything was nice and clean.Other facilities - Didn't use room service or eat at the hotel. Had a few drinks in the bar. Bar service very good but prices a bit steep.Reception - Hit and miss. One chap very good on checking in but on checking out, there were lots of 'extras' on our bill which were not ours (breakfasts, mini bar etc). Beware and when sorting this out, the lady at the reception was not very apologetic.Overall a great stay for the price we paid.	
Mar 28 2009 	Great Location but seen better days.	Stayed with a friend for a day shopping and a night at the theatre and a club afterwards. Even though we only live half an hour away it was nice to stay over. We walked everywhere we wanted to go,shopping in Bond St and Oxford St, dinner in Soho,theatre in Covent Garden, club in Soho and back to hotel after. Fantastic location.Had a delux with 2 double beds which were so comfortable. Room needs updating but was fine for the time we spent there. Staff very helpful. Would definately stay there again.	
Mar 25 2009 	Certainly not a four stars hotel..poor service	Let me say that I agree with others, the hotel has a good location, close to Picadilly Circus...Nevertheless the hotel is not, in my a opinion, a 4 star hotel....The room was old, along with its furniture, decoration, bath, etc..., the worst was that the matress, was bent, and you rolled to the middle all the time (that should not happen on a 4 star hotel)...We also found in the mini bar an open ham, from the previous guests, (not great cleanling I guess)...and the service was terrible...upon check out the receptionist named Cristina, did not even say good bye when we left, or asked us about our stay, nothing.....Certainly would not recommend it...	
Mar 17 2009 	Perfect location	This is an excellent hotel for the price. The staff is helpful and the rooms are a good size and clean.There are taxis just ouside the front door . Around the corner and across the street is Green Park Tube station and the buses are just steps away.Boots is about one block from the hotel with sandwiches and drinks for sale in the lower level.1/2 a block the other direction is a supermarket.What more could you want in the center of London?	
Mar 9 2009 	Perfect location	I have stayed at several hotels throughout London but prefer this location. It is within walking distance to many attractions and the tube station is only a couple of minutes walk away. The rooms are a little small but did not mind this because of the excellent location. The staff were all pleasant and helpful however I did have trouble communicating with some of the reception staff as their English was quite poor. Apart from that the hotel was great.	
Mar 9 2009 	Great location for sightseeing great value for family	Despite mixed reviews in tripadvisor, we chose this hotel for a long weekend in London with our two daughters (aged 8 and 10) on the basis of its perfect location for seeing the sights (easy walking distance of Buckingham Palace, Horse Guards Parade, Shaftesbury Avenue, Trafalgar Square, Regent Street, Big Ben, etc.) , the easy access from Saint Pancras International station (Victoria or Piccadilly line direct to Green Park) and the great price proposed on the Holiday Inn website for a room with two queen-size beds and breakfast (about £150 a night including VAT). The deal also included free Internet access (though wireless would probably have been extra) and a free movie a day (we had other things to do).The check-in was straightforward and friendly, the room and bathroom proved to be in excellent decorative order and very well-equipped (including trouser-press, iron and ironing board) and the furniture showed no signs of wear and tear. Though the shower was over the bath, this slight inconvenience was most than compensated for by the fact that the water was hot and the pressure very high.The beds were comfortable and the linen impeccable.We very much enjoyed our three breakfasts at the hotel. The staff were pleasant and efficient and the breakfast room comfortable. There was everything needed to compose a full English breakfast as well as a choice of pastries, fresh fruit, yoghurt, cooked meats and cheeses.One evening we were too tired to eat out and, very much against my better judgment, ate in the hotel restaurant. The service was great, the food much less so. However, the fact that kids eat free (which we had failed to register despite its having been explained to us) made the meal fairly good value.The hotel will look after baggage after checkout.We thoroughly enjoyed our stay, felt certain that the staff would have resolved any problems we might have had in a friendly manner and will definitely return if we can get a similar deal.I would expect this hotel to rocket up the ratings if all rooms are of the standard of ours.	
Mar 7 2009 	Location location location	The only redeeming quality about this hotel is the central location. Otherwise, it's very run down and needs renovation. There were only two lifts, which were often slow or not working at all. I was happy that our room wasn on the second floor and not any higher because often we were forced to take the stairs.The room was clean, but the wall to wall carpeting was full of dust. Breakfast was quite good, but I was told on the last day that it wasn't included in the price for adults. It's true, as I read in other reviews, that the staff are mainly foreigners that don't speak English particulary well, but they are friendly and everyone was extremely helpful.	
Mar 2 2009 	Good Location Basic No Frills Hotel!	I used my priority club points to pay for an overnight stay on Saturday night with my mum &amp; my sister. Found the location ideal to walk back from the theatre in Soho and also for Afternoon Tea the following day at the Ritz, which is about a 2 min walk to the end of the road. Room was basic, but very quiet and we all slept quite well. Not sure I'd want to pay too much for the room but the location was ideal for our weekend trip!	
Mar 1 2009 	Great Value Great Location	I stayed here for 3 nights in late February 2009. My room was on the 2nd floor. It was very clean and beautifully decorated. I had one very comfortable double bed which was almost queen size. The bathroom was a decent size with a great shower. The fridge was well-stocked. The only thing I wish they had was more television channels. Only about 12 channels. The restaurant served a terrific english breakfast for about 15 pounds.The hotel location was wonderful. A short two minute walk to the Green Park Tube station with great access to multiple tube lines. Also great was the pharmacy next door to the hotel with a small grocery store downstairs. They had a special &quot;meal deal&quot; for 3.49 pounds for a sandwich chips and drink. There's also a Starbucks across the street.I would definitely stay here again.	
Feb 25 2009 	Excellent Location decent room	Stayed here for 3 nights at the beginning of January. The hotel is right next to Green Park tube, and a 10 minute walk from Piccadilly Circus. It depended in the time of day as to what the reception staff were like - some really friendly and helpful, one of the others just this side of rude.The rooms are quiet, despite the location, but are a little small and dated. They are, however clean and well kept.I felt they were a little expensive for the size, however I would stay here again - after I checked if there was anything more reasonably priced first.The internet wifi connection was also a little hit and miss...	
Feb 19 2009 	Simple Clean and Central	The location, the family rooms with two double beds and the possibility to redeem Priority Club points made this a winner before we even arrived.The exact location of the Holiday Inn is not correctly shown on the maps. Expedia places it near Berkeley Square and even on the hotel website it’s too far north and on the wrong side of the street. Correct location is on the East side of Berkeley Street opposite the corner of Berkeley and Mayfair Place. Our room was quite stylish / elegant, but not very large and pretty much run down. The bathroom was really tiny for a family of 4, but well equipped with a lot of towels. Everything except the bathroom air exhaust was in good working condition. The room overlooked Piccadilly and the Ritz hotel. We were sleeping 5 floors above the sales offices of an Iranian and a Russian airline. Maybe not the safest place in the world?Staff was exceptionally friendly at both reception and breakfast restaurant. We bought breakfast coupons from reception at £10.95 (£10.50 weekends; kids free) which was about £4 less than directly at the restaurant. Breakfast buffet was quite good and certainly worth the price. It gets quite busy after 8.00, especially on weekends.For stocking up, I’d suggest to avoid the M&amp;S at Green Park tube station and go to Sainsbury’s instead - larger, less crowded and cheaper than M&amp;S for snacks, water bottles and the like. They are located at the corner of Berkeley and Stratton, less than 2 minutes walk from the Holiday Inn.No, it’s by no means the Ritz and probably not even 4-star. Simply a standard hotel in a great location for a reasonable price.	
Feb 5 2009 	Great Location value and would return	I booked this hotel directly from their website. I had stayed at Holiday Inn Oxford Circus and enjoyed that but wanted to try Mayfair this time. I was quite anxious going as some of the reviews were not great but I was very pleasantly surprised.The hotel is in a great location, 2 mins from green park tube station, across from the ritz. Reception very friendly. Room wasn't ready so we left our bags with concierge. We were on the 6th floor. Two double beds and room was big enough. Facing some works but was the weekend and we also had a little view of Green Park.. Our window though didn't seem to open in our room but we had air conditioning and we weren't in our room that much so didn't bother us much.Hotel does need a bit of updating but for the price and location, it was what we needed. If you want to pay high prices, go to the ritz. We didn't eat in the hotel but beware of the bar. My guest asked for a gin and was told that they don't do single's, only doubles and I had a glass of wine and we were charged 15 pounds.. Then for a tea and a latte, the cost was 6 pounds.. I advise going across the road to starbucks.. I was going to complain but guest didn't want to make a big deal about it but I did put it down on the comment form.I would return this to hotel and recommend it to anyone who wants to get a value hotel in a prime location.	
Feb 5 2009	Great location for central london	We wanted somewhere central for our visit to London we were visting with friends but they had another Hotel in Covent Garden. The hotel is very central just across the road from the Ritz and close to Green Park Tube making access around London and to the main train stations very easy. A quick walk across Green Park and you are at Buckingham Palace and Picadilly Circus is just 10 mins walk.All the staff were very friendly. The hotel room was fine with two double beds. It was a bit shabby in places (someone had obviously pulled off the trim from the lamp shade by the bed) but it was clean and tidy and had everything you could want. Breakfast was buffet style and there should be something for everyones tastes, full English, fresh fruit and pastries.	
Feb 2 2009 	Nice hotel great location	Got the hotel at what i would consider a fair price of £189 for two nights incl. taxes/VAT room only.Really great location!Nice room on 6. floor - but it hasnt been renovated resently. OK and clean allthough bathroom could be better. Large construction site on the southfacing side where my room was. Glad it was in the weekend with no work! Windows not super noise proof.Didnt use any amenities, bar resaurant etc so cant say anything about those. Nice staff in the reception.	
Jan 22 2009 	Not even a three star	The only positive thing about this hotel is the location. Otherwise this place is pretty much a dump. The room was dirty and the furnishings were all well worn. The bathroom was unacceptable. There was a leak from the heater the whole time we were there so the floor was constantly wet. The bath fixtures were covered with stains and mildew. Tiles were loose around the tub. The condition of the room was really not acceptable for even a two star hotel. Priceline.com rated this place as a 4 star hotel!!!! imagine my surprise! We complained to the manager but was told that the hotel was full and there was nothing they can do since we prepaid Priceline.com. I would have left the hotel after our first night if we did not have paid for seven nights. We would have gladly pay more to stay at a real 4 star hotel	
Jan 21 2009	Great Location	Stayed at this hotel from 18-20 Jan 09 for my husbands 50th Birthday. Location great! in middle of Mayfair; 3 mins walk from Green Park Tube, 2 mins from Sainsburys Central, M&amp;S Simply Food and Boots etc, and of course all the bars, restaurants, theatres, shopping of the West End are within walking distance/ less that £4.50 in a cab. Public areas are clean, but still in the 1990's decor stage, could do with an update, but perfectly adequate, same with the bar. Ordered peanuts which were served in a wineglass, bit odd.Only 2 lifts and no stairs that we could find (apart from emergency exit only ones), so a bit of a delay when one of the lifts became out of order.Check in/out fast and courteous.Room good size for central London. Air con/heating excellent and windows open for fresh air. King size bed wonderfully comfortable, same with pillows. Bed linen clean; woke couple of times thinking I was in my own bed! Plenty hot water, powerful shower. Usual standard of ageing towels/hair dryer etc, but satisfactory and in working order. Mini bar, safe, trouser press, iron &amp; board, tv, info, radio, telephone, internet access, desk, easy chairs, good wardrobe/drawer space, tea/coffe/hot choc/biscuits, several mugs, glasses etc. Room cleanliness very good.	
Jan 8 2009 	Damp squid for new year's eve	Stayed here for 2 nights over the new year. Make no mistake, the location is excellent, but that's about it. Paid £120 per night for one room and £120 for two other rooms and £10.95 each for breakfast, with children under 12 free. The hotel was full to bursting point. Pros of stay:Central location, within walking distance of Mayfair, Regent Street, Picadilly, the West End, Hyde Park corner, Harrods, etc. Reasonable value for money for the area.M&amp;S food, cash machine, coffee shops and restaurants and pubs nearby.Helpful concierge and bar staff.Efficient front desk staff.Quiet bedrooms- good soundproofing.Cons of stay:Non-existent New Year's Eve celebrations in the bar. The bar manager did his very best but the atmosphere was diabolical. A group of five guests, my family and friends and a dozen members of staff enjoying one glass of champagne each.Family rooms are cramped and need refurbishing.Lack of relaxation areas in the hotel.Choice of food for breakfast was uninspired with very limited choice for vegetarians.Service at breakfast was haphazard. You had to ask the staff for tea/coffee and to clear used plates, etc.Corridoors are rather dark and in need of freshening up.	
Jan 5 2009 	Awful and dirty!	I stayed for 2 nights at a cost of £150 per night and from the moment I entered the lobby I knew it was a mistake. Too late already booked and paid for. There has been no smoking in the UK indoors since July 2007 yet the smell of stale smoke was over powering. The furniture in the public areas and restaurant was dirty and very tired. I can only assume they have not cleaned or decorated since the ban or in fact for many number of years ?The room was equally as dirty, apart from the sheets and towels. The walls and paint work were scuffed and scraped, the carpet didn't have a patch where there was not a stain of some description. As for the bathroom it was falling to bits, rusty broken fittings and taps.The only redeeming feature was that the staff were friendly and helpful. There were a few things I needed that they dealt with timely. I did feel that there was no point in complaining as I had no faith in being moved to a room that was any better. My overall impression was all much of a much. Very disappointing for a hotel located in Mayfair.	
Dec 30 2008 	Superb Location	Stayed here for one night between Christmas and New Year. Upgraded to an Executive room upon arrival.Check in efficient, room was ready for us straight away. Room very spacious and bed enormous. Decor rather dark and heavy, very 1990's. Curtains were great as they let no light in. We faced Piccadilly and heard little noise as the windows were triple glazed.Location of hotel is wonderful, in the middle of most places we wanted to see. Would stay here again.	
Dec 2 2008 	Great location very nice hotel	I spent 2 nights at the Holiday Inn Mayfair in early October, meeting my best friend, who was traveling from Northern England to Zurich for work. Right up front, I must confess a predilection towards thinking positively about the HI Mayfair, since I got to stay there free. That being said, we had a great time, and were treated very well by hotel staff. The front desk clerk was appropriately rigorous in checking my identity, ensuring my friend's safety, the concierge was helpful in locating a nearby restaurant and wait staff in the restaurant were efficient. The mechanicals were fine -- elevators were both working, air conditioning good, black-out curtains just right, and the room was quiet, despite being right across from the elevator. The room was surprisingly large (for London) and clean. I was surprised to find all the bath amenities (shampoo, washcloths, extra soaps) that one would find in an American hotel, as that has not been my experience in Europe. Breakfast, in the nice bar area with very comfy chairs, was good -- not great, but enough to keep us going for the morning. Where the hotel excels is in its location. The surrounding area was safe, clean, well-lit and had interesting history and shopping. It is located just around the corner from Green Street Tube station, which made zipping around central London a breeze!	
Nov 12 2008 	Nice hotel but missing hospitality	First off, I'm American. So shoot me, but I expect customer service. I stayed in this hotel for 1 night before coming back to the States. I booked a bus ticket online to take me to the Airport very early the next day. I came down to the lobby to get it printed because I had to have the bus ticket in hand. By the way, 15 quid for 24 hours of internet. I got stonewalled by the front desk staff. In no way were they willing to help me out in getting this printed off, even though there were computers and printers right at the front desk. Completely ridiculous, they were going to make my trip to the airport at 6:30 the next morning completely miserable because they weren't willing to print off 2 pieces of paper for me. The front desk agent told me I should have thought about printing my tickets off earlier in the day at the internet cafe down the street, and that I was late! Also, that this is London and nothing is free so she didn't understand why I was expecting this from her. Maybe I was unreasonably American, but in the hospitality business, you are supposed to be hospitable. That means doing everything you can to help your guests. By the way 4 drinks at the bar, 27 quid. Ouch!	
Oct 20 2008 	Great Room Service	The hotel is in a good location on quieter street in Mayfair.The room was dated in decoration which seemed to look as if it was based on the Ritz. (but obvioulsly not as fancy)The bar area looked popular although we never visited ourselves.We did order room service and the food was great.Not a bad central London hotel.	
Sep 29 2008 	Excellent Location	I stayed here for 1 saturday night for a friend's hen night. We were in an excellent location close to the Ritz where we had afternoon tea, it was within walking distance. It was also an excellent location for London's shopping, close to Bond st and Oxford st and also Trafalgar Square. There are many bars and restaurants nearby too and the hotel was only 10 minutes from St Pancras station too. The hotel room was perfect for what we needed, there were 3 of us sharing a room and it was quite spacious, plenty of wardrobe and storage space. A decent shower and also tea and coffee making facilities. The bed was extremely comfortable too with nice feather pillows.The breakfast was great too, full English was available as well as cereals and fruits too. There is also a small bar in the hotel and drinks were a reasonable price. All in all it was worth the price for one night.	
Sep 18 2008 	Pleasant stay	We stayed here 15-17 Sept. I was a bit worried, having read some of the previous reviews, but we had a GREAT time here! The bedroom was small but clean, as was the bathroom. Our room overlooked the Ritz (but you don't spend much time in your room in London anyway!). The breakfast was the same as any other hotel breakfast. ALL the staff were very friendly to us - the check-in was fine, the concierge was helpful, the chambermaids said Hello as we were walking to our room, and one even directed us to our room. The bar staff and breakfast waiters all polite. The location of the hotel is superb, in a nice area of London. VERY near Green Park Tube Station. Okay, it's not the Ritz, but it isn't Ritz prices. I would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 8 2008 	Sentral but overpriced	Me and my mates stayed here for a weekend in early September. The hotel has seven floors. One of the two lifts was out of order, and the stairs were absolutely not to be used unless in case of fire. So there was quite some waiting in line for the lift. According to a sign on the wall in the reception, the daily rate for a twin bedroom is £459 (!) - breakfast not included. For that price one could think this was the Ritz or the Dorchester. It's far from it. Rooms are quite big, though, with two double beds. So you can in fact put a family of four in one room, If you want to stay here, look for an internet deal. In weekends you can get the price down to about £160 per room/night, and you can easily stay two persons in one room. Bathroom old fashioned and narrow. Taking a shower means standing in the bathtub with a shower curtain along it. If you want breakfast, you either sign your name and room number in the hotel's restaurant, and pay £10 for an absolutely average English breakfast - or you can buy breakfast vouchers at the reception and pay £5 for the same. What kind of system is that? Consierge and reception staff were nice, the people behind the bar were not. All in all a very average hotel You can find better for a more reasonable price.	
Sep 5 2008 	My home in London...	I have been staying at this hotel for over 10 years. Usually stay at least twice a year.Have stayed for up to a week at times.Overall I consider this hotel my home in London.The staff are friendly and the doorman remembers me.Probably does need a bit of redoing but honestly the value for the money spent can't be beat in London. Especially for the great location. So convenient. Good air-conditioning in summer. Nice lounge bar. (Nicer now that there is no smoking.)Not the Four Seasons...but also doesn't have the prices of the Four Seasons..and a better location.	
Aug 27 2008 	Very Nice Place in the Middle of Town	This is a great, tucked-away place with fantastic service, great rooms and all at a very decent price comparatively.	
Aug 25 2008 	Would stay here again despite small flaws	The Hoilday Inn Mayfair is in a wonderful location. Firstly, Mayfair. Also, a few steps from Green Road Tube Station one way, and Picaddilly Road the other way. There is a mini-supermarket (Sainsbury Express) very close by, as well as theire being a Starbucks across the street. Who could ask for more (besides a laundromat, that is)?Walk out the door of the hotel, up one block, and turn left. A five or so minute easy walk past The Ritz and some lovely shops (including Vodafone UK, where I bought a UK SIM card for my phone) will bring you to Piccadilly Circus. There is an arcade on the way, in which it appears one must be an arab oil sheik to purchase anything. Po' folks are welcome to gawk, however. :)Berkeley Square and Buckingham Palace are other attractions which are easily reached on foot from the hotel. There are many, many more. I did a fair bit of taxiing as well, and remain a big fan of London's ubiquitious taxis. As a female travelling solo, I was reluctant to use the tube late at night after seeing a West End show, and had no need to. Taxis are everywhere in London. Just step up and wave your arm.Now, back to the hotel... The room itself is more than adequate, size-wise. I was expecting it to be tiny due to some other comments, but I found it perfectly comfortable.There were a few signs of tattiness, but they were very minor - slightly peeling wallpaper, scuffed skirting boards, slightly scuffed furniture. Nothing that couldn't be overlooked, given all the positives.the ensuite bathroom was white, bright, modern, and tidy. Only complaint was a smell of mustiness which I think came from inside the sink overflow or drain, but it wasn't that big a deal. There was no visible mould.Climate control was easy to operate and worked fine, though I found I had to turn it back on when I returned in the evening.The room had a mini-bar (no, thanks!) and tea/coffee making facilities.As far as furnishings went, the room was fine. There was a Queen-side bed with lots of pillows (and a pillow menu available, too). There was a small round table with two chairs for in-room dining, as well as a desk where the internet connection was, and power points for a laptop or whatever electricals you'd want to charge (BYO adapter). The hairdryer was mounted in the drawer of the desk, so you'd use the desk as a dressing table, too.Sadly, room 202 overlooked a huge pit, a building site, which is beyone the hotel's control. There was the sound of machinery and loud &quot;clang-clanging&quot; coming from there between 0830 and 1730 weekdays. With the exception of my final day when I wanted to sleep in, it didn't really affect me as I was never there during the day. The double-glazing helped cut the noise somewhat. In-room broadband internet, BTW, is pricey at £15 per 24 hours (approx. $30 USD/AUD). You can, however, purchase blocks of time on the hotel's public PCs to be used in the environs of the lobby, as I did. But having to sit on a weird, uncomfortable angle in the corner of the lobby to be able to type and see the screen, with people sitting on a couch directly overlooking my shoulder, was very uncomfortable. The other PC is in the bar, and that wasn't any better. So I paid the broadband price. It worked well, but I would not, as a private traveller, get it every day.I had only one meal at the hotel, and that was a vegetable curry via room service because I got in too late to go out to eat. I was happy with the meal.The hotel has a concierge service, but I wasn't too impressed with it. More often than not, the concierge was standing around yakking with other staff members and did not even notice me. It took a few minutes for the conversation to cease. Perhaps if I'd been a man...On the last full day of my stay I was able to get the concierge's attention and asked where I could find a laundromat to wash some clothes. &quot;You mean YOU wash?&quot; was the incredulous reply.But as the hotel charges £7.50 ($14USD) to wash a woman's blouse, £10 ($18.50USD) to wash a nightgown, and £3.75 ($7USD) to wash a pair of women's undies, I was well-and-truly seeking a DIY laundromat. &quot;Pimlico&quot;, I was told. &quot;Pimlico? How far is that?&quot; &quot;Fifteen minutes - you taxi&quot;. The expense of a 15-minute taxi ride, two ways, was virtually prohibitive. I didn't know how accurate the concierge was, and didn't want to be up for £100 for laundry expenses. So, I returned to my room and washed the bare necessities by hand, squeezed them out in towels, and hung things wherever I could to dry overnight. If you're going to be in London for a while and don't want to bring tons of clothes, you may want to find out where the laundromats are either beforehand, or when you arrive.I found the Reception staff pleasant when I had to deal with them. The only thing that didn't impress me was that upon check-in, they tie up your credit card for £50 a day (even when you've pre-paid the room, as I did). I protested this as I'm not a big room-service user and do not run up big bar tabs. They reduced my &quot;swipe&quot; amount, and I went happily off. Tying up $700-odd a week on one's credit card for potential &quot;incidentals&quot; is a bit rich, I think. Talk to the manager if you can't afford to have your meal-money tied up like that.Would I stay at Holiday Inn Mayfair again? You bet. It was comfortable, and a great jumping-off point for a lot of London's important attractions.If you aren't expecting perfection, I'm sure you'll like this hotel and find it more than adequate.I took a video of the room, thinking I could upload it here. If I can, I will.	
Aug 21 2008 	Great Location - Good Hotel	First off, I stayed in this hotel for free on points, so this review might be a little easier on them as it didn't hit me in the pocketbook.That being said, unlike some other reviewers, we were treated very well by the staff throughout our stay. They were all friendly and eager to help. Also, we arrived early on the first day (about 10:30am), and our room was available.The rooms are cramped for a family, but this is no different than most of the hotels I've stayed in in the UK. If you're looking for spacious rooms try the Sheraton Park Lane down the street.The furniture in the rooms was old, and looked like it needed to be replaced. In fact, the hotel was performing maintenance on many rooms on our floor while we were there, so the upgrade looks to be in progress already. Also, our room was very close to Picaddily street, so the street noise could be loud at times, but we were so worn out everyday that it didn't bother us.You can't beat the location of this hotel if you want to see the sites in London. The Green Park tube is right around the corner, and many of the sites and shopping are within walking distance.	
Aug 15 2008 	Fantastic Location	Have just returned from the Holiday Inn Mayfair. The reception staff as previously stated were cold and unwelcoming not even a hello. Check- in is at 2pm approx, so getting there even 30 mins early will mean you will have to wait until 2pm before you are given your room key. Booked a room to accomodate my family of four. It was cramped having two double beds and was classed as a delux room but delux it certainly was not. The room was in need of decorating as wallpaper was hanging off and the tiles in the bathroom were chipped and broken. However, it was a quiet room even though it was on the road side of the hotel, and the beds although very soft were comfortable. Breakfast typically expensive due to being in London was very good. Full english buffet with fruits, yoghurts cereals etc.The bonus for staying at this hotel is the location. Arriving at Euston station it was a only short trip on the tube to Green Park Station which is minutes from the Hotel. Many sights are within walking distance, Buckingham Palace was just a 5 mins stroll through Green Park. If you dont mind checking in with miserable hotel reception staff, and old dated room, but a lovely breakfast and a brilliant location this hotel is ideal for a short stay in London.	
Jul 28 2008 	Suited us !	Stayed at the Holiday Inn (Mayfair) for a long weekend break with my wife and two sons. The location is the prime reason for returning to this hotel, Buckingham Palace, Trafalgar Square, Piccadilly Circus, Westminster et al are all within 10-15 minutes walk. Green Park tube station is 200 metres away so it’s an ideal base for sightseeing.There’s a Boots pharmacy and a small Sainsbury’s convenience store within 200 metres so it’s easy to stock up on provisions before subjecting your feet to all that London has to offer.The hotel itself is showing signs of wear but is clean and we found the staff to be very personable and polite. Our family room was certainly spacious enough and was comfortable with 4 of us milling around in the mornings. We only ate breakfast on one morning, a special weekend deal for families. £10.50 / head and the kids eat free, full buffet selection with cereals, fruit, cold meats and cheeses with a full English breakfast selection to choose from. £21 for breakfast for 4 might sound expensive but you will easily pay this for nothing more than a snack at one of the many Starbucks or Pret a Mangers which seem to be everywhere in the city.Although I used my priority reward points for the stay the room charges available on-line seem reasonable enough, I have paid in the past and considering the location I suggest it’s a good deal. The Ritz is at the end of the street, merely 200 metres away and I dare say guests here will be paying a lot more for their location. After all who wants to spend too much time in a hotel room when the best that London has to offer is right on your doorstep?Will return and would recommend it as a base to tour London.	
Jul 20 2008 	Cold Reception at Holiday Inn	Hi, I stayed at the Holiday Inn for one night on July 14th and feel the need to give you this feedback. Our first point of contact was the reception. The staff at the reception desk who checked us in were cold and unwelcoming. It was not a busy time and they were not over worked. There was not a comely face or smile by anyone in the reception area, that included the reception staff, the concierge and another male staff member who was around the reception area. The room wasn't great but we had seen the pictures on the internet so that was no a surprise. The bathroom was very clean and that was a treat. The complimentary breakfast at the restaurant was good but again the staff were extremely cold and unwelcoming. The location of the hotel is excellant.My wife who is a flight attendant and I, both work in the customer service industry. Good service and people skills can come from a persons natural disposition but can also be demanded as a requisite from management for certain jobs. Sadly, that is terribly missing at the hotel. We had the option of staying for the rest of our trip at the Holiday Inn but we opted instead to live at another hotel not far from this one where we paid more than Holiday Inn rates without breakfast. Would I recommend the hotel to anyone in future? No. Based on the staff. They were not rude, but like robots. If people are not happy doing a job, they should not be there doing it.Lester	
Jul 1 2008	Great Hotel and Location	This being my third trip to london with two twelve year old children. I find it difficult to find a hotel in London that is kid friendly. I found the staff to be very helpful and friendly. The rooms were not as large as American rooms. But, larger than most for London. This location was ideal as it is in walking distance of picadilli circus. It was also 100 yards from the tube and bus station. The amenities such as restraunt and pub was better than average food. after staying there for four days I would definatly give this hotel four ****.	
Jun 28 2008 	Dark dingy and disrespect	if you are looking for dark, dingy and disrespect from the staff, then this is the place for you.The place is dark, the rooms are dark and the fixtures and fittings are &quot;distressed&quot;.The staff would not be out of place in Faulty Towers.Their are other, better, cheaper hotels in the area, take your time to surf/look around.	
Jun 15 2008 	Good Overall	We stayed at this hotel for 6 nights. My party consisted of me, my wife, and 15 year old son; we had booked a double room. The check in time is 2pm; we arrived at 4pm and the desk clerk said our room was not ready. She did not know when the room would be ready and kept saying &quot;sorry&quot;. After sitting in the lobby for about 20 minutes waiting, my wife contacted the manager who immeidiately put us in a suite for 2 nights at no additional charge. The suite was very nice and we got a little too used to it. After the second night, we moved in to our double room. The room overall was fine; however, the bathroom looked dirty because of the mildew in the tile and around the bath tub. A brief note to the housekeeper fixed that problem.The location can not be beat. The hotel is just around the corner from the Green Park tube station and is a walk away from many of the sites. There are 2 grocery stores very near as well as a Boots drug store next door.We only dined in the hotel restaurant once. That was enough. There are much better options available. On checkout, our bill contained a great many errors. It said we used the mini bar much more than we did. It also said we had breakfast in the hotel restaurant which we never did. Having said that, the desk clerk immediately voided the minibar charges and after a brief phone call to the restaurant, voided the breakfast charge as well.Just make sure you review your bill before you sign for it. Also, be advised that there is a 2.50 pound ($5.00) charge everytime you use the phone to call outside the hotel. Even if you are using a toll free number, the charge applies. You can get a phone card in the tube station at the news stand. A 5 pound card will get you about a 1,000 minutes of call time back to the States. Again, understand that each call, or attempt to call, using that phone card will add $5 to your bill.What it all boils down to is that there were some problems but the staff acted promptly to correct the problems once they were identified. Though things were not perfect, I would stay here again.	
Jun 3 2008	Substituted Hotel worked out OK!	The day of our departure, we were informed that we were not going to be staying in luxury hotel that we were expecting. We were very upset. We were moved to Holiday Inn Mayfair. In the end, we were very pleased with the location of this hotel. It was very close to many places we wanted to see and we were able to walk to many. Everything we could possibly need was close, eating and shopping. Our breakfast was not included at this hotel as it was supposed to be at other hotel. If breakfast had been included, I would have been completely satisfied with the Holiday Inn Mayfair. Room was very spacious and bath was OK. I would stay there again and would recommend it to someone.	
Jun 1 2008	Location - Location - Location	This hotel is exactly where every tourist wishes they would be. Virtually every famous sight is within easy (and safe) walking distance, as are all of the West End theaters. The Green Park underground station is at the corner, which offers a choice of the Piccadilly, Jubilee or Victoria Lines (The Piccadilly Line takes you directly into Heathrow Airport, a nice moneysaving trip). There are also many business travelers staying there. The Hotel is clean, well maintained, but could use some updating. The staff is very attentive to our needs. We had a complaint about some outside noise due to construction in the neighborhood, and the manager not only changed our room, but additionally gave us a generous credit for our inconvenience,The hotel is literally right across the street from The Ritz. Although not cheap (nothing is cheap in London), The Holiday Inn - Mayfield is a good value. My wife and I would not hesitate to stay there again	
May 25 2008 	Don't Stay Here- Rude Duty Manager and very noise building work	The hotel staff are very rude- the manager that is. Very very noise first thing in the morning due to building work . Very expensive I had a bill of £125 to settle and they called and called asking for payment although i had prepaid £600 for the room. Do not stay here try and join the rosl.org.uk across the road ten times better.	
May 21 2008 	Good Base in London	All the credit goes to the fantastic location of the hotel. Mayfair...just a 7 min walk off Picadilly Square, even closer to Bond Street and 15 mins to Oxford Street. London tube is just a minute walk away. Front Desk is fine but just could be a bit more welcomming but still very professional....Rooms are OK but absolutely need to be refurbished, anyway size is good and the rooms are very clean. Housekeeping staff is wonderful, very friendly and efficient. I stayed three times over the last five years at this hotel and think it is a very good base to stay in the heart of London. Best deals on their website when you are willing to agree to their advanced purchase rules. The only thing which I really would liked to be changed is their Concierge Service. Where can I find this restaurant, where is this club, what could I do if...., I need to go to....but don't know.....I have never been efficiantly helped there....but of course they are willing to sell you all kind of tours......Beside this I like the hotel and especially its location.	
May 13 2008 	Fabulous location.	I checked out on Sunday morning, after a 4 day long work trip. Since my employer paid for the stay, it's difficult for me to say whether it was worth the cost (I barely skimmed the bill). I absolutely loved the location (a very short walk to Buckingham Palace, Green Park, Hyde Park, and Piccadilly Circus). The accommodations were adequate. The room was clean and comfortable, although surprisingly small for being an Executive Business Suite (they were kind enough to upgrade my room upon my co-worker's request). There are no alarm clocks; just one built into the TV. My only complaints were the construction right outside my window (beginning exactly at 8 a.m. each morning) and the misleading claims about free breakfast. The construction wasn't so terrible, since I needed to be up around 8 each morning anyway, and one should not sleep late in this city, but rather go see the sights. The restaurant was a bit more questionable. They consistently claim on their website and at the hotel that breakfast is free on Saturdays and Sundays. I took advantage of this offer on Saturday, only to be charged 19 pounds for it. Confused, I inquired about the charge upon checkout. The girl at the front desk said I had &quot;not signed up for the package which includes free breakfast&quot;. Again, my employer was paying for it, and I was far too tired to argue, but it was still aggravating. But beyond that, the experience was great. The food was good. They upgraded my room at no extra cost. They even let me check in at 8 a.m., when normal check in time was not until 2 p.m. so that I could shower and get a nap. If you are thinking of staying here, I'd recommend it.	
Apr 23 2008 	Not bad but not good	Stayed here in April, got it half price on a deal, should have been £200 per night. Room was ok, nothing brillant. Room was cold, asked reception and they turned the heat up. Thermostat said 32 degrees but never that.Got work up on both Saturday and Sunday morning at 7.30 am by building work across the road, considering we got in at 3am, it was not funny.Have stayed at the Hilton Park Lane, this hotel is much better, you can get it cheaper on a deal, about £180 per night.Overall the hotel was ok, situated just outside the main area (Piccadilly)No warmth or character at all.	
Mar 25 2008 	Top location clean bed/bath friendly concierge	Although I normally would have booked a hotel with more stars and a bigger, fancier lobby, the location and price on the Holiday Inn Mayfair were too good to pass up - and the reviews were consistent on clean bedding and clean towels (unlike many other places). You can't beat the location. It is perpendicular to the Ritz, which is a great landmark when you're walking, but located 3 doors in on the quieter side street, so there's no street noise. Five minute walk to Piccadilly Circus, 10 minutes to Leicester Square (theater center). Buckingham Palace, or Hyde Park Corner. The walk to Buckingham Palace is through Green Park, but all the others are straight walks along Piccadilly which is well lit and busy at night, making it a comfortable walk home at night. It is just around the corner from the Green Park tube station, which has several lines, including the one that takes you from Heathrow (Piccadilly line - not the Heathrow Express). The hotel is also next door to Boots Pharmacy, similar to CVS or any of the chain drug stores in the US. It is well-stocked with anything you may have forgotten; some items that require a prescription in the US are right on the shelves here - such as migraine meds with codeine.No need to pay extra for breakfast. Directly across the street is Starbucks with a good supply of sandwiches, etc. Around the corner, right next to the Green Park Tube entrance (so close!!!) is a Marks &amp; Spencer grocery store, Simply Foods, with fresh baked goods (downstairs) from croissants and baguettes to scones and muffins to bagels! They also have lots of fresh fruit, yogurt, etc. We bought cream cheese, butter, and jam the first day and went back daily for baked goods, fresh juice and fruit, and sometimes sandwiches to take along for the day. Everything is labeled with nutritional info.The rooms turned out to be larger than we expected based on other experiences in Europe. Smaller than US hotel rooms, and the website says they can't use roll-away beds, but there was a desk, breakfast table with 2 chairs, a mini-bar, electric kettle with daily stock of free instant coffee, decaf, tea, Cadbury hot cocoa mix, and shortbread cookies. Showers had great hot water and water pressure. The thermostat in the room worked well despite other reviews (you need to follow the directions and press the power button to get the temp you want). Double windows about a foot apart eliminated any possible outside noise and provided space to keep our fruit and juices chilled.Still, on one lazy morning, two of us had breakfast in the hotel restaurant and one cold evening, two had dinner there. Both meals were excellent, but expensive.Instead of paying for the hotel internet, we had contacted www.adamphones.com and rented a cell phone and mobile broadband - a small thing that looks like a memory stick, and plugs into a USB port, but provides high speed internet service. This was a great deal and the company dropped the package off before we arrived and picked it up from the concierge after we left.We had one room for 8 nights, and a second room for a concurrent 4 nights, both prepaid, non-cancellable, excluding breakfast. The first ranged from 120 to 131 pounds per night and interestingly the second from 104 to 131 pounds per night (plus VAT for both). When we pointed out the discrepancy to Holiday Inn customer service (that identical rooms reserved on the same day had different prices for the same days), we were refunded the difference. No one could explain why the fri/sat/sun of a 4 day stay was 104 per day while the same fri/sat/sun as part of an 8 day stay was 120 per day. So you may want to break your stay into pieces when you check the prices, to see if there's a better deal. When I booked the rooms, there was nothing available with 2 beds. However, when we arrived, we were able to get a room with two double beds instead of one queen bed, with no upcharge. The number of rooms with 2 beds seems quite limited, so book early if that's what you need. Note that they are 2 double beds, not twin beds as some European hotels provide.We didn't need the business center and never even checked it out. However, I did email the concierge with questions ahead of time and when I arrived, he remembered me and asked whether I had been able to get the theater tickets I had asked about. We saw shows almost every night, getting tickets for one ahead of time and all the others at either TKTS or other discount booths in Leicester Square (even shows that seemed sold out online).One of our rooms faced Berkeley (the street side of the hotel) and the other faced the back. Both were quiet, but I recommend asking for the Berkeley side as there appears to be a building construction site behind the hotel that was inactive during Easter but looks like it would get noisy when work was in process.We were nervous about it before our arrival, but now definitely recommend this hotel.	
Mar 21 2008 	Good location but ..........	I have been staying at this hotel on and off for over ten years because of its extremely convenient location. It seems to me that over all this time, not a penny has been spent on its improvement. I cannot spot any nice touches such as flowers either. Everything (except lifts) is ok but not more - you would expect a bit more for the price! Room was cold and a/c, though on top heat, made no difference. Luckily they had provided a separate (slow) heater. On the positive side: Check-in/out fast, friendly staff and - an improvement - good breakfast, good bed, coffee machine in room. I shall return, the location is just so perfect for me.	
Mar 2 2008 	Ok for the location	I stayed at the Holiday inn Mayfair on the 27th and 28th of February. I was on business, attending a conference at the same hotel. I found the location excellent, only minutes from picadilly circus and the National Gallery. Breakfast and food were good and varied. Service was ok (I was asked to supply my passport number by the Eastern European receptionist although I'm a French citizen domiciliated in the UK! I'm sure that was unnecessary information...).I had to pay for an upgrade to avoid having to stay in a smoking room which I found a bit dissapointing. My executive room was spacious and confortable but quite noisy from early in the morning. The facilities are minimal (no gym, no pool, no free internet) and the price high (595 pounds rack rate) but I suppose that's the standard in London.	
Feb 13 2008	Great service great location...	We stayed here for 2 nights for our daughters 10th birthday and it was great. The standard of service at the reception was high, nothing was too much trouble, the staff were friendly and helpful.The room was fine, comfortable and clean, all you need for a city centre location. We got locked in our room, and the hotel staff could not have been more apologetic, moving us to an upgraded room. A really nice touch was that they left a birthday card and box of chocolates for my daughter. Breakfast was a buffet, lots of choice and good quality, we didn't queue for anything. Didn't try the evening meal but the menu seemed nice enough.The location of the hotel was the main reason we booked it, and it is fantastic, just around the corner from Green Park tube station, all the main attractions really accessible. Piccadily Circus, Leicester Square, Bond Street all in easy walking distance.We would definetely stay here again.	
Feb 4 2008	Can't fault it.	We stayed in the Holiday Inn Mayfair for 2 nights in early February. Our room was clean, spacious and quiet with great facilities including mini bar, Sky TV, Trouser Press and Air Con and the bathroom was clean and functional. The location is fantastic being about 5 mins walk from Piccadilly Circus and just off the lovely Berkeley Square. Ideal for sightseeing trips, and ideal for Business trips too with wireless internet in the rooms. WE booked this hotel on a special promotion and ended up paying approx £160 for 2 nights in a double room. At this price it represents exceptional value for money, I did however note that the walk-in price was a great deal higher. If you're looking for breakfast outside the hotel, I'd recommend a pub just around the corner on Charles Steet - 'The only Running Footman' does a greast english breakfast for about £7.	
Feb 2 2008	great location	Great location, comfortable hotel but wouldn't want to pay the full rate for it. We got a deal and paid £80 a night room only, which was fine - but the full prices for what you get are a bit scary.We didn't eat in the hotel, so can't comment on the food. There are loads of places to eat and drink nearby so we didn't want to stay in the hotel. Things nearby: Boots on the corner 50m away, M&amp;S food shop about 100m away (great for chilled bottles of wine!), Sainsbury's food shop in the opposite direction of Berkley St, Starbucks directly opposite the hotel, Ritz right at the bottom of Berkley St (great for afternoon tea) and Fortnum and Mason about 5 mins walk away. We liked the 'Clarence' bar, the next street over toward Piccadily Circus. Walking distance to Buckingham Palace, Piccadily Circus, Leicester Square, Westminster and Big Ben - but for those not quite so energetic the Green Park underground station is 1 min walk from the hotel. The Jubilee line gives access to loads of things so London is your oyster.	
Jan 15 2008 	Fantastic Location	Travelling through the UK for the first time as a family we were keen to stay in London in a hotel which provided family accommodation. The hotel website had a special of GBP99 inc breakfast if we booked more than 7 days prior to arrival. The two queen size beds in the family rooms were perfect for us and the location was amazing. To walk out of the hotel and see the lights of the Ritz Carlton, while my son and husband were drooling over an R8 in the Audi Showroom (the salesman even let them sit inside it) just added to the experience. Close to all the main shopping, tourist and tube stops, you could not choose a better value for money hotel than this. The hotel was of a good standard internally, clean and well maintained, with helpful staff. The breakfast was more than adequate and as part of the package, again, excellent value for money.	
Jan 14 2008 	They do not like single female travelers.	I picked this hotel based on reviews on Trip-Advisor and recommendations on Fodors. I needed a centrally located hotel for a 4 night stay in London, main reason to watch my daughter perform in the London New Years Day Parade. I was traveling by myself as my daughter was with her group in another hotel. I had used the Holiday Inn website and purchased a prepaid reservation with not refunds. The full amt. of the bill was to have been charged to my credit card when I made the reservation. When I arrived at the hotel they said my card had been declined. I asked why they had not called me and was told it was not their responsibility. I had however just flown transatlantic and I was tired and wanted my room or I would have said a few choice words and gone elsewhere. When they tried the card again at my insistence it went right though (with the same info they already had) Turns out they had punched in the wrong expiration date but had not had the courtesy to call and tell me there was a problem. The price was reasonable for London except they made me pay double for New Years Eve and there was nothing in the hotel but a little party in the mediocre restaurant. Certainly nothing someone would want to pay double to stay there for not did I attend the party.The room was a typical Holiday Inn. Funiture a little worn but a very comfortable bed. The bathroom was pretty good, long deep tub. Only complaint, the towel rack was heated and it was right at the toilet and everytime you sat down you bumped your knee against it and it burned. There was also some rust around the faucets but nothing to deter from the stay.Housekeeping was wonderful, everything was replaced perfectly each day and they always had a smile and a cheery hello when you saw them in the hall.My only (but big) complaint. You could definately tell they did not like a single female traveler. The check in clerk made it clear he did not understand why I was alone. The concierge asked me why I was alone. Another man asked me if I needed help with my bags since I did not have a man with me. I was told about the New Years Eve dinner buffet but he said &quot;I presume you are not interested since you are alone&quot; I am not sure if they thought I was trying to pay a single rate and was planning on sneaking someone in or something. It was not a one time feeling. They definately did not like me being by myself.Oveall the room and stay were ok but I would probably stay elsewhere if I returned. There is really nothing close by except the Ritz and a small very expensive grocery store. As you walk up the street a few blocks you find some stores but other than Fortnum and Mason and a few botiques nothing of interest to an average tourist. One coffee shop a few blocks away and about 6 blocks to a restaurant other than the restaurant in the hotel. I am not downing the hotel, it is fine and the location is close to a tube stop and it is right at the corner of Green Park, it is just not that great for what you pay and there are plenty of other great locations in London. If front staff had been nicer and just a little warmer it could have made a world of difference.One other thing, DO NOT USE THEIR PHONES. Go outside and use a pay phone. They fleece you for every pound. Like over 6 dollars to dial a toll free access number to use you calling card.	
Jan 5 2008 	Comfortable and convenient	Stayed here for a getaway weekend at holiday time. Picked it for the location near theater district, Covent Garden, etc. Enjoyed walking up Picadilly Street and through Green Park, to Buckingham, etc.Priceline gave us this as a four-star, which it's not, but we liked it better than expected for a Holiday Inn. Old-fashioned, fussy furnishings, but clean and comfortable. Quiet lodging a side street just off Picadilly Street. Desk folks and concierge perfectly nice. The night we arrived, we ordered room-service dinner, which was pretty good and not too expensive. So it worked out well for us, and we got a good price. Not exceptional but perfectly satisfactory for a nice weekend base.	
Jan 4 2008 	OK but not really a posh hotel	I got a very good rate for this hotel, but was still quite disappointed at how ordinary this hotel is, considering its rack rate of £495 per room. Our room was standard Holiday Inn size. The only bathroom amenities were shampoo and conditioner and soap (not always provided these days, when squeeze bottles are there). The bathroom was very small; the TV was quite small. The good points were: splendid location right near Green Park tube station; quiet room despite central location; very clean. But there was not a single element that took the hotel out of the regular Holiday Inn category, so don't expect anything too posh and you won't be disappointed.	
Dec 9 2007 	Nice room central location but you pay for it..	Stayed overnight for a dinner dance at another hotel. The hotel seems a bit impersonal and strangely old fashioned decor but the room was comfortable and clean with two decent chairs and a table. Got a really good nights sleep. Didn't stay for breakfast and went to St Martin-in-the-Fields in Trafalgar Square which does a fantastic breakfast in the crypt. The room rate was £145 pre-booked then PLUS VAT - this is a trick some of the hotel websites are now playing which adds another 17.5% onto your bill which you might not realise if comparing with a hotel that includes VAT.Just a couple of problems with the hotel - I asked to book a taxi for 7 but the concierge said he would call on when we came down. It took 15 minutes to hail a taxi while we froze to death - the Holiday Inn doesn't seem to be on the taxi run, probably because it is pretending to be a posh hotel but still runs like a Holiday Inn! I bought a couple of whiskies in the bar - at £16 it would have been better value to bring a bottle with us!	
Nov 4 2007	this is not 4 star	this hotel was in a great location for the hart of london but the rooms were not 4star by any means more like 3***, the staff were great and the food was good although only warm and they could not keep up with putting fresh food out in a morning, the bedrooms were a bit shabby for the price we paid but the bed soft and you also had a tea's maid and tv, the bathroom looked as if it had recently had a face lift........i would stay the again but not at the price we paid.......	
Oct 9 2007 	Fantastic Location	Having read some of the other reviews left for this hotel before we made the trip to London we were very apprehensive about what we would be greeted with when we arrived but we found there was no need to worry at all.The hotel staff were pleasant and helpful (not of British origin as so many have pointed out but so what!). The hotels location is fantasic, 1 minute from the Ritz and Langans Brasserie virtually opposite for those of you with lots of cash, and 2 minutes from Green Park underground so if you want to eat away from Mayfair you can easily get anywhere in London.The hotel offers a deal on breakfast whereby you can buy a voucher at reception for breakfast for £10.95, still a bit pricey but it is a buffet and if you fill up you do not need anything large at lunchtime. The rooms were clean and well maintained with a nightly turndown service (and free chocolates for Platinum Priority Club members).I will return here without any worries in future.	
Sep 6 2007	Nice room and fabulous location	We stayed at this hotel for five nights and had no complaints whatsoever. The room was clean and well appointed, and the staff were helpful and friendly. We did not use the restaurant, but there are many places nearby to eat in to take away. The tube and buses are at your doorstep, and many of the major attractions are within walking distance. The park is right across the street.	
Sep 3 2007 	Dignified place to stay.	This was my second visit to this well situated hotel near Green Park. It's expensive, as are all London hotels, but get a weekend Leisure Break with free breakfast and things look much more reasonable.Friendly, efficient reception and concierge staff. Rooms are good size (for London) and nicely furnished and equipped. Very comfortable beds.Used the smallish restaurant for breakfast--some rather dark corners and tables are close together, but it is pleasantly furnished and the food was good. Dinner available in the evening but there are plenty of places to eat nearby. A 10 minute walk to Piccadilly circus, 15 minutes to Leicester Square--or get the Tube which is just round the corner. You can walk through Green Park to Buck Palace and The Mall.	
Aug 9 2007 	family trip to london	excellent location, staff very helpful and no problems, room clean facilities as expected from a 3 star hotel, check in-check out no problem, dinner and breakfast as per standard Holiday inn ( so know what to expect) Kids eat free if adults book evening meal.easy to find off piccadilly ( 5 mins from green park station).very close to all attractions, would stay again. room backed onto piccadilly but very quiet. arrived earlier than check in time no problems and could leave luggage. overall very family friendly. Note as with most places in the UK the majority of staff are from outside UK ( now we are one big happy EEC family) so we felt a little bit of patience is required to overcome some of the language problems.	
Aug 6 2007 	Excellent Location Nice Hotel!	We stayed at this hotel for New Year's 2006 for 5 nights and absolutely loved it! As the other reviews stated, the location was unbeatable. It is very close to all of the shopping and Piccadilly and Oxford Streets are within blocks. The West End and Piccadilly Circus are only about a 10 minute walk which was great for shows, restaurants and nightlife. There is a Boots within one block and a Starbucks directly across the street. Getting to the rest of London is not a problem as the Green Park underground stop is within 1 block. London has a New Year's Day parade that essentially ends at the hotel so we could sit in our room and watch the parade. If we wanted a closer look, we just had to go outside the hotel or walk one block to Piccadilly. The rooms were clean and of a decent size and since the hotel is a block off of Piccadilly St. noise was not a problem at any time. The hotel staff was fabulous! My friend's passport was stolen and the manager immediately provided us with all of the information we needed including Police and Embassy phone numbers. We made several phone calls the night the passport was stolen that added up to quite a bit and he took them ALL off our bill and we didn't even ask for it. They were excellent!!	
Aug 5 2007 	Great Value	Just finished a 'holiday' with my cousin from 7/28-8/4. Overall a really good hotel that is augmented by its fantastic locale. We were able to walk to Picadilly Circus or even a little further (Soho/Leicester square). Obviously the key factor is that the hotel is mere steps away from the Green park tube so as an American tourist with a large agenda this was key.Room was good with better than expected curtains that really helped keep all traces of light out of the room (Yes I know not Las Vegas but it helps when you're up late). 2 Double beds and helpful wait/front desk staff though their English could be improved. However as I am not able to speak in any other language I applaud them. In conclusion good hotel with a GREAT location - would strongly consider staying here again if I'm fortunate enough to return to London.	
Aug 1 2007	Great weekend will go back	Thanks for helping make our few days in London very enjoyable ,i couldnt praise the staff enough were very helpfull.I will be going back to London and will only check for availability in this hotel Thanks Seámus Ireland	
Jul 30 2007 	Terrific Value Nice Place	Just returned from a 5 night stay. The hotel is in good shape. The beds were fine, the linens were fine, the bathroom was clean. The room was fine - spacious by European standards. We even had that incredibly hard to find international configuration of 2 double beds!The hotel staff was efficient but not terribly friendly. The only major complaint was I called to place a room order service at 10:45pm. The kitchen was supposed to be open until 11pm, yet they would only let me order from their overnight menu -- not the full menu. We didn't see much there that seemed even remotely worth the prices so we all just walked down to Burger King in Piccadilly Circus instead. LOLOverall, terrific bargain for the area which is FABULOUS for shopping and sightseeing. The hotel is one block from the Ritz (at a fraction of the cost.,) one block from a Tube Station, and within walking distance of Buckingham Palace. Being so close to the underground makes the hotel very convenient to Heathrow, even toting luggage. :)When we return to London, this hotel will be one of the first places we consider. No American electrical sockets - bring a converter!!!!	
Jul 30 2007 	Great location	This hotel is in a fantastic location just off Picadilly and Green Park tube station, which made it so easy to get around. Like other guests though, I found that the rooms needed an overhaul. Soft furnishings looked like they'd all been fairly recently replaced - but they could really do with some new bathroom suites fitted and an increase in the water pressure! If I'd paid full price for this hotel I'd have been left disappointed. Waiting staff at breakfast time were pretty awful too. Generally a comfortable hotel though, with a location that can't be faulted.	
Jul 28 2007 	Holiday Inn - Mayfair	I had stayed at this hotel a few years ago so had some expectations. It lived up to these expectations and beyond. I went with a friend on a hotel/show weekend and couldn’t praise the hotel enough. The staff were all very friendly and attentive and many went out of their way to ensure our stay was a pleasant one. If you’re planning on seeing a West End show then stay at the Holiday Inn… you won’t regret it.	
Jul 17 2007 	Perfect Location	Just back from a 2 night stay in the Holiday Inn Mayfair. As we have 2 children aged 8 &amp; 12, location and good access to public transport was essential. This hotel fits the bill perfectly. Green Park tube station is just around the corner, as are numerous bus stops. The hotel itself was perfect for us. We stayed in a spacious room with 2 double beds. The room was air-conditioned, a big plus! Breakfast was included in our rate. It was fine - buffet style with good choice. We didn't eat there at night .The staff were pleasant &amp; helpful. Unlike previous reviewers, we were very happy with the standard of cleanliness in the rooms.All in all a perfect base for tourists. It's a nice, safe, upmarket area of London. Just walk across the road to a lovely park. Buckingham Palace is within easy walking distance via the park.	
Jul 11 2007 	Great location in London	We have just returned from Holiday Inn -Mayfair.It is a great location-You can walk to so many places from here and the buses and tube network is right outside.We had breakfast which was very good and included in our £149 rate.The room had a great view looking sideways at the famous Ritz hotel.The air conditioning was not great and if it was very hot in London it may be too warm in the room.We had 2 double beds, everything was tidy and clean.I would happily stay here again-check the Mail on Sunday for offers at this hotel as they are cheaper than the website-ask for LEISURE RATES.	
Jul 7 2007	Bugs were very disconcerting!! Beware!!	My teenage daughter and I stayed at this hotel on July 3-6, 2007. When pulling back the comforter, a bug crawled out of my daughter's bed. Hoping it was a fluke, we stayed in the room. A mistake, as there were later more bed bugs to appear- in both her bed and mine. The room was very dirty and I have traveled for years for business and I have never encountered a bed bug before. I would highly warn against staying at this hotel- ever. Holiday Inn will be contacted and we will see what comes of it.	
May 11 2007 	Enjoyed our stay here!	Although this Holiday Inn is in need of some updating eg.decor,furniture and bedcovers (i personally prefer a more contemporary design) the location was great. We walked to Piccadilly Circus in 10 mins and to Oxford Street in under 15 mins. The staff were really nice and very helpful. We had a voucher each for £10.95 to use for breakfast which was fine.If i were to stay again there is a nice modern cafe around the corner so i might go there instead. Opposite the Ritz, which was quite nice to look out onto from our window!! I have stayed in the Holiday Inn near to Oxford Street, not much difference but i found the staff to be more accomodating and pleasant at the Mayfair....Would definately stay again	
Apr 20 2007 	Location brilliant!	My family (2adults + 1 child) have just returned from this hotel after staying for 5 days. Although the hotel is in need of updating, you cannot beat it for location - just round the corner is Green Park tube station which is ideal if you are coming in from Heathrow (no need to change lines and costs £4). Picadilly, Leicester Square, Buckingham Palace are all within walking distance.We found the staff in the restaurant to be very pleasant and hard working, and the breakfast adequate, the only minor complaint was that we found the dining area very small for the size of the hotel.Our room had 2 double beds, tv, minbar and bathroom with shower and as mentioned above, the room we had although clean, it was well used and did need refurbishing. We had no problem checking in or out and we would stay at this hotel again no problem.	
Apr 14 2007 	Great stay at the Holiday Inn Mayfair	Just returned from a 6 night stay at Holiday Inn Mayfair, over the Easter holiday. Yes--the location is fabulous! Yes--the rooms are a little &quot;tired&quot;, but we found our 3 rooms very clean and comfortable---quite large for London. Yes, the lobby is quite small and the staff are clueless. I knew this from other posters so we just asked the concierge at the Ritz for information!I found a rate lower than the hotel's website and they honored it with their &quot;lowest price quarantee&quot; so we paid 90 pounds per night per room, breakfast and VAT inclusive. Breakfast was mediocre--coffee great.You can walk almost anywhere from this hotel. Recommend Henry's Bar on Picadilly, 1 block from hotel and &quot;I am the only Running Footman&quot; pub--non-smoking and good food--on Charles Street off Berkeley Square--4 min walk from hotel. Also the Wolseley Resturant next to the Ritz is quite nice. We also loved Osterio Basilico in Nottinghill for lunch and dinner.I've stayed before at Reuben's at the Palace--and while the staff at Reuben's is much nicer, I found the Holiday Inn Mayfair's location and room amenities far superior.	
Apr 12 2007 	Perfect location - back again	We have just spent 4 nights during Easter holidays at Holiday Inn Mayfair. Location is impossible to beat. Walking distance to everything. Green Park tube station around the corner. We booked a family room for the four of us and paid an average of £140 per night. We stayed here last year around May so it was our second stay here. We enjoyed it very much at both occasions. Check in was very fast and friendly, check out the same. No problems leaving the luggage at the concierge for a few hours as we had a late flight home. There was no breakfast to our reservation but that was not a problem. Starbucks was just across the street. The room was very clean and everything worked out fine. Green Park, St. James Park and Hyde Park are all close if you need to relax a bit from the city life. We will certainly return to this hotel again next time.	
Apr 10 2007 	Don't pay full price for this!	Unfortunately, not a 4* hotel, and I don't think it has been a 4* hotel for quite some while.The hotel is very well located just 5 minutes from Green Park Underground Station. The hotel does not have a front entrance, but a side entrance. The reception area is very dark and when we arrived it smelt very smoky.The reception staff were quite unhappy when I refused to have my credit card authorised for £50.00 worth of extras which we hadn't consumed, we hadn't even checked into the room! After a request to speak to the Duty Manager to discuss this were were &quot;let off&quot;, however, we were told that we were unable to use the video film or mini bar facility - we felt like naughty little children! (we didn't want to use it anyway).We were on the 5th floor. The bedroom corridor was very dark and dreary with dark wood and dark green wallpaper. Our room was very dark and dreary and the wallpaper was ripped. There were two chairs and a table in the window and on one of the arms of the chairs someone had doodled on it!!! The paint on the window was flaking and the woodwork on the cupboards was absolutely disgusting. The bathroom looked like it could have had some work done on it recently, however, the door frame was in dire need of painting the there was a gap at the bottom of the bathroom door of about 4&quot; which was rather strange! There was a nice display of mould on the bath sealant as well.We decided to have our meal in the Restaurant, this was a very strange set up. It was just a bar area with no set tables, so you just sat where you wanted and they put some cutlery in front of you! The meal was ok but more like a Little Chef than a 4* hotel.Staff were running around like headless chickens, shouting at each other - in fact, the restaurant management was very poor.Breakfast was in the same bar like area - very standard breakfast with very unhappy staff serving. This seemed like a badly managed hotel which reflected in the staff. I don't think we saw one member of staff smile. The hotel needs closing down and a complete refurbishment and some serious training for the staff. I am surprised that an establishment like Holiday Inn would put their name to such a foul hotel.Luckily, we didn't pay full price for our stay (the price board in reception indicated rooms start from £345.00!!!!!). I would not stay here again it is a disgrace.	
Apr 6 2007 	Bed Bugs! Beware!	I travel to London from Boston on business several times a month and I have recently been staying at the Holiday Inn Mayfair (about 5-6 stays this year so far). The hotel is decent, location is great, and I always get the Executive King room, which is not cheap. The service is horrible at the hotel - I have never once had a pleasant experience with front desk staff, and the &quot;concierge&quot; is the most clueless person and barely speaks English. All of that I can get over becuase I am not here on vacation.What I cannot get over (mentally and physically) is what happened during my last stay fon March 22, 2007. When I woke up in the morning I was COVERED with bed bug bites. It was one of the most disgusting things I have ever experienced. My arms, neck, face, parts of my back and legs were covered with horrendous bites. And when I say bites what I really mean is huge, red ugly welts. I travel all the time and this has fortunately never happened to me. It has been one of the most uncomfortable things I have ever experienced. The itching was incredible and lasted for almost 2 weeks. Nothing helped, even the steroids that my doctor prescribed. It is now 3 weeks later and although the intense itching and bleeding has stopped, there are still marks all over my arms. My doctor said they will possibly be scars they are so bad. I cannot even wear a t-shirts to the gym still becuase I look like a freak show. I will NEVER stay at this hotel again.	
Apr 5 2007	Great Location - Great Choice for families	Holday Inn Mayfair is a great choice for families. The location just cannot be beaten --as simple as that. Rooms are a bit tired. But on the positive side they are spacious and with two double beds you can fit 3 and even 4 people if traveling with kids. Concierges were attentive and found the staff very nice and the service good --including turn-down service every night.	
Mar 21 2007 	Great Hotel	Our party of 3 stayed in the holiday Inn, Mayfair for 3 nights. We found our stay to be very pleasant with a nice clean and very warm room. Breakfast wasn't included in our deal so although we didn't eat in the hotel or visit the bar, the location is excellent and we didn't have to walk too far in order to find plenty of restaurants. The Green Park tube station is around the corner but for those who like to walk, Piccadilly Circus is 5 minutes walk away and from there if you're feeling energetic you can walk to Leicester Square, Trafalgar Square and Convent Garden (all very clearly signposted). You couldn't really get a better hotel for location and the staff in the hotel that I spoke to were very courteous. I would have no hesitation in booking this hotel again or recommending it to anyone as the 3 of us thoroughly enjoyed our stay.	
Mar 20 2007 	The worst customer service I've ever had!!!!	Let me start off by saying that the only PRO that this hotel has is it's location and brand name. The hotel was situated right next to Green Park tube station and within walking distance to Picadilly Square, Leister Square, Trafalgar Square and all other major sights within London. That's where it all stops!I arrived in London on Sat. March 10th in the morning. I had flown from Toronto on an evening flight, and was extremely tired and was not feeling very well. By the time I arrived to the hotel, it was about 11:00am. When I approached the front desk the staff did not greet me, did not smile, did not make me feel welcomed, rather, I felt that I was an intruder. Upon giving them my passport for id purposes, and other collateral, I was told that the room was not ready. I explained to the girl at the desk that I had travelled all night and was not feeling well, could she see if there was anything they could do. I received an immediate response of &quot;no, check in time is not until later on in the day, you will have to wait&quot;...I hadn't even finished speaking when she interrupted me to say &quot;no&quot;. Then I got upset, she hadn't even checked with housekeeping to see if the room was ready. I asked her to call their housekeeping staff. When she did, the person on the other end was upset to be bothered with such a request. Needless to say, I was not allowed into my room. I had to check my bags, and be sent off, on my way. The personnel at the front desk exchanged glances to one another, to indicate that I was bothersome. Now, I am a manager at a hotel in Niagara Falls, Ontario, and I do this for a living. NO WAY! would our staff EVER act this way with our guests!! I am accustomed to treat our guests in a welcoming manner, and when I travel, I expect the same service!!!Well, the bellman, were just as bad. They seemed &quot;bothered&quot; to have to store my luggage, and just had observed my incident with the front desk, and it was like a little &quot;cult&quot; at the front lines. They were extremely UNHELPFUL AND UNFRIENDLY!! They did not assist me with my luggage, nor ask if I required assistance to my room. I had alot of baggage, as I was travelling for business, and they just gave me my luggage and sent me off!Anytime, any of us walked into the hotel, the staff just glared at us, with unfriendly faces. It was quite annoying. At one point, I really wanted to say something to them! But, couldn't be bothered, as the less interaction with those &quot;people&quot; I had the better.I went out for the day, by the time I returned to my hotel, I was exhausted. I finally got into my room, which was acceptable, but rather tired looking. It was equipped with a hairdryer, tv, air conditioning, ample closet space. ( I was sharing with a colleague of mine, who did not arrive into London until the Sunday). Space wise, the rooms are adequate. Decor is tired, needs some updating, but that didn't bother me so much.I was in town for a conference, and my other colleague was at another hotel. When I tried to make a local call, it was difficult to get out on the phone. I called the front desk to inquire how much a local call was, and no body knew. I'm sorry, you work at the front desk and you don't know? I was shocked. She had to call me back. I waited 40 minutes before I received a call back. She then started to reprimand me, saying that I should have a card in my room with the pricing. I got upset, and told her that there was no such card in my room, and she should know the fees for a call, especially when she is working the front desk!!!! WATCH OUT FOLKS...THEY CHARGE .55 pence PER MINUTE FOR LOCAL CALLS. I was charged 12pounds for 1 local call!!! THIS IS A MONEY MAKER FOR THE HOTEL AND A HUGE RIP OFF!!!Their kitchen closes early, room service is very limited and the selections were not to my liking. Nothing around the hotel stays open later than 9:00pm for dinner, coffee, anything. Therefore, if you are looking to dine, do not look around the area of the hotel, past 9:00pm. There were some evenings, that we were engaged in events all day, and could not eat until later on in the evening, and we had to find places down in Leister Square. Nothing convenient around that area. Upon check-out, AGAIN, RUDE FRONT DESK STAFF!! I was charged for several phone calls that I did not get through to, and was disputing the charges. The girl at the desk was being argumentative with me. After, much arguing back and forth a supervisor finally came and took the charges off. Please, I urge you not to stay at this hotel, due to the lack of customer service. The management of this hotel needs to really look into their staff's attitudes, as it is under par! Being unhelpful, acting like the guest is a bother, and just being plain rude, is not the type of service that I expect, nor pay money to receive. London is a very expensive city, and when I travel, I do not expect to be treated in the manner that I was treated at the Holiday Inn Mayfair. DO NOT STAY HERE! Stay anywhere else but HERE!!!	
Mar 18 2007 	It's all about the location ...	I spent 5 nights at the Holiday Inn Mayfair and booked my stay through the hotel website. I paid 112 pounds a night which by London standards is very inexpensive, and since I was on a budget and after reading some of the other reviews at Tripadvisor about the property, I took a chance and booked the Holiday Inn Mayfair First of all the hotel is easily accessible from London Heathrow airport via the tube train to Green Park station which is just around the corner from the hotel. There is a Starbucks across the street from the hotel which I enjoyed for breakfast! There is a Boots Drugstore and a Marks &amp; Spencer Foods just around the corner as well. Buckingham Palace is a short walk away. From there you can walk down through St. James Park to the Parliament Buildings and Westminster Abbey and Trafalgar Square. Harrods and some of the higher-end shops are a short bus ride away from the hotel as well.There are 2 internet terminals in the hotel and you can purchase an internet plan which is quite reasonable. I paid 10 pounds for 90 minutes of time - this is a good option for those of us who do not travel with laptops and still want to keep up with our emails. The concierge at the hotel were fairly friendly and there didn't seem to be any porter service, so you're on your own if you have loads of luggage. The front desk staff were competent enough. I wasn't too impressed with the restaurant however - I found it to be small and crowded and a little too smoky for my taste, so I only ate there once. My room was on the 4th floor and was very quiet. My bed was comfortable, linens were clean, and the bathroom was roomy enough for me. I don't have any complaints about my room at all except to say that the complimentary shampoo they offered in the bathroom was horrible. Bring your own shampoo or go pick up a small bottle at the Boots around the corner.I would have no problem staying at the Holiday Inn Mayfair again.	
Mar 4 2007 	Great Location - Poor Service and Attitude	Great location. Couple minutes from Green Park Underground station. 10 minute walk to Buckingham Palace, Piccadilly Circus, Bond Street, etc. We really liked the location…and only that. Check your bill almost everyday. We checked in at a higher rate and found a better rate on the internet that was 15 pounds less including breakfast. They made us check-in, log-in to the computer, reserve on line then print it out and give it to them then they allowed us to get the lower rate with breakfast for two. This saved 30 pounds a day for two. We got a rate of 114 pounds plus VAT. The double booking came back to bite us when we were charged one night for a no show for the on line booking that they asked us to do. They could not fix this on a Saturday so we had to call long distance to Europe the following week to try to get it fixed. The next day we were charged service charged for lunch, which we had to get taken off, charged for mini bar which we did not use which they had to take off then charged for internet access twice in one day which I had to fight about.Seems for every item I had to ask a few times to get addressed and they were never friendly about it. Porters were non-existent at the hotel. They watched as we (and other guests) dragged out bags in just stood there. I watched one day as a family with a child was trying to get in the elevator and all they did was push them and the bags into the elevator and left them to fend on their own.Overall attitude was rude. Room was ok with very small bathroom and outdated but clean and I guess ok given the location. Next time I would stay in the same area now that I know it better because of the good location.	
Feb 18 2007 	You get what you pay for	Just a short review as I didn't spend more than a few hours at this property.Booked a standard room. Price was sub £150 and for the money it was reasonable value. Having spent the night out in the West End, it was an easy stroll back to the hotel. Most of the price is, therefore, justified by the location.Room was comfortable, clean, average-sized with a small TV. Bathroom was quite small with poor products (Dove and Lux in dispensers - I hate that stuff!). Staff in general are polite and courteous. Check in was swift. The hotel doors were locked at some point during the night and I had to wave my card to get in (so that someone would unlock the door for me).Breakfast was an average buffet and the service was fine.I had a good stay with no major issues. If you're not too fussy, the hotel should be fine. If you're looking for luxury or to impress, I'd suggest looking elsewhere. I stayed here alone and the room suited my needs. I would stay again mainly due to the excellent location of this hotel.	
Feb 18 2007 	Never Again	Stayed here in Dec with wife &amp; 2 kids, room was ok, bar very smokey,not very pleasant bar staff, refusing to serve after 01.30,2 star hotel i would say,On checkout left a bag in the foyer containing a pair of Lacoste boots &amp; a new Ted Baker top, when i realised i contacted the hotel to forward them on , but i never recieved them.	
Feb 4 2007 	Very Good	We stayed at the hotel last night (Saturday) and have to say that it was brilliant.We had booked an Executive room with a king size bed and it was huge. All the facilities within the rooom were superb. We ordered breakfast in our room-thoroughly recommended.The only advice I would give is that I would recommend requesting a room that does not overlook the main street &quot;Piccadilly&quot;. Our room was directly opposite the Ritz hotel and the traffic noise, blaring of horns(?) and shouting went on through the night untill about 3am. Other than that we were thoroughly impressed with our stay.	
Jan 30 2007 	Dont bother unless you upper class!!	This hotel was ok if you are upper class! As like many of us me and my girlfriend are middle class and we thought we would pay that little bit extra to stay in more of a fancy setting. How wrong we were! None of the staff that work at the hotel are english born! As i stated before if you are middle class you will get looked down upon as to say that you have no sort of right to be in the hotel!! Absolute disgrace do not bother with this hotel go for something a lot more cheaper where people treat you with more respect!!	
Jan 23 2007	Loved The Hotel- Excellent Stay!	Me and my friend Gemma stayed at this hotel in December last year (2006) for an overnight stay in London.We wanted a hotel very central (as previously we have stayed at other hotels within London which although easily accesible to tubes and transport have not been as 'central'). The purpose of our stay was for pleasure- we wanted a good location for nightlife and central for the following day as we wanted to head out for some lunch and shopping in the city the next day (sushi to be precise! I love sushi!!). And what can I say? We were VERY pleased- the tube is just across the road literally just 1-2 minutes walk! The Ritz hotel (a very upmarket expensive top of the range well-known hotel that is placed central too!) is just across the road too- just to point out how excellent the location really was.The hotel isn't that easy to find if you don't know where you are going but we found it in the end! After having a couple of blonde moments and a bit of help from people within the area!! The hotel is very clean, nice and the reception area is nice and the staff very friendly, welcoming and polite.Unfortunately can't comment on the bar/restaurant as we didn't get time to use this but from what we saw it looked very nice.We checked in at approximately 8pm and booked a standard room (twin). However, we felt like complete princesses and ever so lucky that evening as the man on reception upgraded us for free! We assumed it was an executive upgrade but we actually ended up in a suite!!! I think where we checked in late in the evening as oppose to during the day and the suites were free we were very lucky and where it was Christmas time they felt generous! I don't think we'll ever know exactly why we got a free upgrade but my god it was gorgeous!!It was on the top floor and had a little lovely decorated hallway, a small bathroom to the right, to the left a living room (all beautifully decorated) with sofa, large mirrors, large table, hi-fi system, DVD system, TV etc, another smaller table by the window with two chairs- a various spread of magazines. There was also a fridge (mini-bar) and the room next to it was the bedroom (the bed was HUGE!) It would have slept 4 we are sure! That had a large wardrobe, ironing board, iron facilities, the wardrobe had huge mirrors, also a table and chairs, coffee making facilities and complimentary hot chocolate, tea, coffee, shortcake biscuits (real yummy!) and 2 Kit Kats! The bathroom was great too!! It was so luxurious! 2 bath robes, slippers all neatly presented for you to use, two stools, I think they even had scales (for the weight conscious I guess!?), the worktop was HUGE- two sinks, huge mirrors, two of everything so if you were a couple you could even brush your teeth together! And a jacuzzi bath with shower facilities!! It was like your very own apartment and it certainly was of an ample size!It was amazing and we were thankful for the free upgrade (this suite would have been £550 odd a night usually). And me and my friend would have quite happily stayed another extra night- it was so cosy! It would have been IDEAL for a night in! DVD facilties, TV etc- everything you could possibly want and very very cosy- a couple would really love the suites! And in comparison to The Ritz prices down the road you really couldn't ask for more!! As a tip if you are thinking of taking a partner to a suite for a one night or weekend treat and are prepared to blow the cash but want a bit extra for that meal or jewellery the Holiday Inn Mayfair suites are STUNNING and in the exact same location but a bit cheaper and more than ample!!!! The room service guys are excellent too- we had a bottle of our own wine and they happily obligued to bring us a bottle opener as well as bringing up a tray with a bucket and ice and a couple of wine glasses! And at 4am when we were drunk and couldn't find a spoon (there were spoons about though plenty!) they cheerfully brought us up our spoons to us within minutes of calling them!! We also managed to grab a free paper on the way in from clubbing as they were preparing them for their morning room deliveries!I have included some photos from the room from our trip- the only downside being they are taken by disposible camera (which I bought that evening!) and therefore not good quality and where they have undergone the process of not being digital and being transferred to disc aswell the quality is very poor- however, I can assure you the rooms were stunning and if you go on the Holiday Inn website under the Mayfair hotel you can see pictures of their suites- and I think the one they have up is exactly the one we stayed in as it looks identical- unless they all look exactly the same. Obviously we were very happy with our stay and some of this was due to our upgrade but the hotel, location, staff and everything else also more than live up to standards.As a human being I know people are always the first to complain when something goes wrong but all too often never give great feedback when things go right as they 'assume' it is their right so I wrote to them at the hotel and thanked them and their staff for our excellent stay and only left them with an e-mail address. They replied to my e-mail when they received my letter and thanked me for the letter which was lovely- the staff and the service at the hotel really is great- and although some say 'well it should be' as I all too often know in life that can sometimes not be the case so when it is all lovely it deserves recognition or spread of the good word!Here Is A Brief Summary Of My Opinion On The Holiday Inn Mayfair:Rooms- (Can Only Comment On Suite) Gorgeous, Spacious, Roomy &amp; CleanCustomer Service-Friendly Staff, Helpful, PoliteHotel In General-Very Nice, Nicely Decorated, Nice AtmosphereHotel Location-Excellent- Totally Central, 1 Minute From Tube- A Central Station &amp; Public Transport Practically Immediately OutsideRecommend To-People Looking For A Central Location &amp; Willing To Spend An Extra Few Pounds On Added Bonuses Such As Location &amp; Niceties, Couples, Families &amp; Couples Looking For Medium-Higher Budget HotelsMe and the same friend are going to try Holiday Inn in Central Amsterdam in a couple of weeks time so will be back to review that soon! Until then-Happy New Year Holiday Inn! A BIG THUMBS UP!	
Jan 14 2007 	Really good! Go for this hotel.	Situated in the ultra-chic and fashionable area of London, The Holiday Inn Mayfair is one of the hidden gems of London. Being reasonably priced at up to £355 per night and in an uber-cool location, The Holiday Inn is literally round the corner from London’s most fashionable and delectable hotels- The Ritz. The standard room, which can be as little as £110 a night is suitable for most and is a really pleasant style of accommodation. With mini-bars, digital television and plush curtain pelmets galore, this hotel is really an excellent place to stay whether you are on business, with family or simply there for a mini-break. With the city center being right on your doorstep, you might expect the area to be loud and disruptive. This is simply not the case, especially if you request to be at the back of the hotel and/or higher up. The hotel’s restaurant and bar, Nightingales, is an excellent place to enjoy a pleasant English Breakfast before spending hours vigorously travelling round the shopping hotspots of London. Nightingales is also a very suitable atmosphere for enjoying a G&amp;T with your loved one before going out to enjoy dinner at one of London’s many posh restaurants. We decided to go to Nightingales one night and we were very happy at the food, the way it was served and the atmosphere in the restaurant. Overall, the food was great and so were the prices. The hotel doesn’t have a pool or a spa, but it truly is one of the best hotels in its type I have been in. I used the internet PC at the hotel a few times- it was averagely priced at £3 for fifteen minutes but it didn’t accept coins- you had to use a pre-paid card or a credit card. Overall, this hotel was really delightful- it had everything you might expect from a four star hotel in the center of London. The hotel is family friendly and is has disabled access. Overall, I would award this hotel eight points out of ten.	
Jan 7 2007 	Not what you expect from a 4 star hotel in Mayfair.	We liked the hotel location, but were very disappointed in the run down state of the hotel , the dining room was very small and so tables were quite close together , and at breakfast the bar tables had to be used as well in what is normally a very smoky bar , the rear of the chairs in the restaurant were very soiled as well as some of the seating , the breakfast was moderate, but service not carried out very professionally, when we went to get some hot food from the buffet , we found our table had been cleared by a waitress even though we had not touched our tea, and there were tablets on the table ready to be taken, we then watched the same thing being done to another customer.Our bedroom had quite a marked and worn carpet, but the cleaning staff had done a reasonable job in cleaning it , the beds were very comfortable and amenities were fine but it was just the tired look of things , in the bathroom the seal around the basin was missing in places and mouldy,  My wife and I stayed in this hotel at a reduced rate, so is this what you have to expect if you do not pay the full rate	
Nov 22 2006 	Pretty Good (for London)	We stayed last night at the Holiday Inn Mayfair, using Priority Club points I had accrued, so we could have a night out in London. We were pleasantly surprised by our room (541) which was U shaped and a good size (I had expected, paying with points rather than money, that we would be allocated an inferior room!). Decor was in good condition so perhaps we had one of the recently refurbished rooms which others have spoken about - if we had to be picky, a few pieces of furniture had small chips in, but not obviously noticeable. Bathroom was clean and pleasant, with Dove shower gel and creme wash dispensers. The only staff we had contact with were on reception and they were probably of Eastern European origin and very pleasant and efficient - no language problems. The general atmosphere/ ambience of the place was welcoming. We didn't eat in the hotel as we like to try new restaurants and a cooked breakfast according to the card in the room was c.£15. For a cheap and cheerful alternative there is a Benjys in the next side street which does full English breakfast for about £4 and also sells bacon and egg muffins etc for a few pounds and has seating, or there are also lots of Starbucks, Costa Coffee type places in very close vicinity if you wish to go one step up.Overall we would have no qualms in recommending the hotel, especially given its great location only 100 metres or so from Green Park tube station, in a side street off Piccadilly, opposite the Ritz, but far cheaper!	
Nov 20 2006 	A Good Choice	Excellent location in a lovely area. Rooms very clean in good decorative order. Breakfast very good and staff were very helpful, A good choice would stay there again	
Nov 17 2006	Standard Holiday Inn fare - not Mayfair luxury	I stayed at the Holiday Inn Mayfair for one night in early November, not out of choice, but because the hotel I regularly use for my London overnight stays was fully booked. My normal hotel is in Westminster so this was a taxi ride away, inconvenient for me but I can see that many would consider the HI Mayfair to be ideally situated.Although I don’t pay for these hotels myself the Company I work for had to pay 17% extra on the cost of my normal hotel. And to be honest you are paying for just the location as this hotel is no match for my regular 4*.The building itself is old although there are signs of recent refurbishment. Check-in itself went smoothly – no queue - I asked for a quiet room and was allocated room 106. There appears to be only 2 lifts and these are also rather old, small and slow-moving. Signage from the lifts exit to the rooms could be improved. The room itself was a fair size and clean but the décor left quite a bit to be desired. The furniture is rather faded and old-fashioned and the decorations appear to date from the 60s and the pictures on the wall (cheap prints at that) from the 50s! Sound insulation from the exterior was excellent, my room faced inwards and there was triple glazing. Sound insulation from the adjacent room however was sadly lacking, this was an inter-connecting room and was separated from the next room by just 2 wooden (non sound insulating) doors which had a substantial gap all around. I could hear every word being made on the phone from the adjacent room, fortunately as we are both business men there was no late-night noise or early morning commotion. It could have been very different if that room contained a rowing couple or mother with a crying baby. The main problem however was with the A/C, as other respondents have pointed out it barely warrants the description of air conditioning. Some people have complained about being unable to control the room temperature downwards, well I could not move my room temp upwards! The 2 fan speeds are slow and very slow and although I turned the temp up to max (32C) the air coming out was nowhere near that temp and the lack of forced air meant that although the higher areas of the room reached a temp which was just about acceptable the air near the floor stayed cold all the time. The bathroom is small although clean however there was a nasty smell present, presumably coming up from the drains as there was no sign of mould. Soap and shampoo was dispensed from wall-mounted squeeze dispensers rather than being held in the bottles I prefer. There were notices all over warning of the financial consequences if a guest spilled water onto the floor from not fastening the shower curtain properly which suggests the floors are far from waterproof as they should be in a hotel bathroom. Plastic mugs were present rather than glasses.There was a lot of reading info left about the room but no welcome pack. The TV was rather lacking in channels. The self-brew tea was a cheap brand, not Earl Grey or English Breakfast Tea as I am used to. The tea cup seemed about half the size of those supplied in most hotels. I didn’t eat in the hotel but English breakfast was priced at £18 and Continental at £16, about par for the course, but as others have stated, there are far cheaper eateries available just a short walk away. An internet connection was present but I had no cause to use it so can’t comment on the price or speed.The bed itself was very comfortable, good choice of pillows and plenty of warmth inside the quilts (and with the lowly temp of my room I needed that)! I did have an excellent night’s sleep with the aid of earplugs. Check out next morning was again quick – in fact I was served by 2 people, one appeared to be a trainee. It has to be said that both of them were struggling with the English language. I asked for a printed copy of my invoice even though it is all billed direct to the booking agency – they had a discussion amongst themselves then stated that they could not supply me with one! No offer was made to get me a taxi. So in summary: this hotel is perfectly OK for a one or 2 night’s stay but I would not want to stay for a week. The price you pay is primarily for the location – this hotel undoubtedly was once grandiose but it is now rather jaded and moved down market to Holiday Inn standard fare.	
Nov 7 2006 	Rooms are fine location is great	We were not disappointed with our stay at the Holiday Inn Mayfair. Our room was clean as well as our bathroom. The bed was just fine, and the decor was typical for a Holiday Inn (nothing fancy, kind of plain). Anyway who cares about the lampshades and furniture - you're in London and this location can't be beat!! We walked to every sight and accesssed the tube from across the street at Green Park. We saw no construction or renovations going on during our stay, and I don't see how the previous poster can complain that the hotel is shabby and then complain again that they are trying to renovate. The hallways were clean, the bathroom was spotless, there were no bothersome noises, and the price was quite reasonable by London standards. I will agree that a more helpful concierge would be a plus, as they can not be relied on for great recommendations. One last thing worth mentioning is that the hotel charged us for our full stay (3 nights) when we had paid the cost in full online prior to arrival. However, they reimbursed us immediately once we mentioned the error, and apologized. If you want a decent hotel in a great location without paying an arm and a leg, consider this hotel.	
Oct 22 2006 	Shabby and Rundown	Like previous reviewers I can't do anything but praise the location. There was a Sainsburys two minutes away and a Starbucks across the road.However the hotel itself is in need of a knock down and start again.My first criticism of the hotel is that it is undergoing a refurbishment. Fair enough they don't do the work at night, but if you want to relax in your room for an hour or two in the afternoon think twice - all we could hear was drilling.I think they could have had the decency to pre-warn guests on booking that they are undergoing refurbishment and that three quarters of the hotel entrance would be blocked off, as well as the noice. Even on check in this wasn't mentioned.Talking about check in the staff do not know how to smile - they also do not know how to speak clearly - I have no issue with foreign staff. But if you are going to put them in a Customer Service role, at least make sure they can speak and understand english!!My last issue was with the room. Yuck Yuck Yuck. The bathroom was disgusting, I didn't even feel safe to venture into the bath/shower, in fear of what I might catch. The room itself was also not the best - the carpets were not clean and the walls were cracked and scuffed - and had defin seen better days.Next time I come back to London I will go back to my usual hotel the Thistle Marble Arch who's bathrooms were totally gorgeous!!I will defin not be returning to this hotel - which is a shame since the location is so good.	
Oct 15 2006	Pros- Location!!! Cons: Conceirge doesn't have a clue	I can't add more about the location - it is great..... but one downside. The conceirge doesn't have any idea where things are, how far away, unable to provide suggestions. Just getting a city map from the guy was a major task. Ironically, when we planned this trip, somehow we were given the phone number for the other Holiday inn and London, and their conceirge did all our bookings... and HE knew exactly how to do his job. Tip to HI Mayfair, send your concerige to the same training school as your hotel across town.	
Oct 4 2006	Perfect Location	I recently spent three nights at the Holiday, my first visit to my capital city in 50 years. Price wise the hotel is very competative and you certainly get value for money, my room was spacious and well presented, cleanliness seems to be a key word for this hotel. Very friendly staff. The location though is where you win, we walked to all the main sites, 5 mins to Buckingham Palace, 10 mins to Oxford Street, 5 mins Leicester Sq, Theartres and bus tours just around the corner, excellent what more can I say. If you get chance go and see Billy Elliott the show, wow.	
Oct 3 2006 	Not the best... but much encouraged now	Stayed in an Executive room at the Holiday Inn Mayfair 3 nights last week. Location for a London hotel very hard to beat, and price reasonable - At least by London standardsThe room itself was large and comfortable but was let down by being a bit tired. I am now told many have been refurbished and this was an old one....so unlucky me. Paint was chipped and housekeeping could do better.Breakfast wasnt much to write home about though I am sure there are worse. Overall was okay but not great. Didnt inspire me to try an evening meal there so cannot comment. There is an excellent Italian Fish restaurant through the arch at the rear, in Dover St, called Pescatori though and a Beryl Cook gallery worthy of a visit.On leaving the hotel I filled out the guest satisfaction form and left it, with a mixed review. Left Friday and on Monday heard from the operations manager by email. We have corresponded twice since and am very much encouraged that all my points have been taken on board and addressed. These guys are trying hard and after some initial reservation to repeat the experience, I very likely will now if the deal is acceptable at the time. I am impressed with the management and can see good things happening here if they follow through with it, and I look forward to another stay just to check.	
Oct 3 2006 	Great Location 	Recently I stayed at the Holiday London Mayfair for two nights in late September and really enjoyed my stay. I came in early the first morning from Paris and got to the hotel at 10:00 am and got my room right away and had a beautiful view of Picadilly and directly accross from the Ritz Hotel. Had all my meals included with my stay and ate like a King. Room was great along with the hotel staff. I would stay here again, I give the Holiday Inn Mayfair 4 stars.	
Sep 28 2006 	loved this hotel	I trawled through the internet for hotel reviews and finally settled on the Holiday Inn Mayfair due to its location. Booked this hotel on a 3 day advance booking (inc breakfast) for £112.00 ex VAT for 1 night 23 sep 2006. Occasion for hubby's birthday. Arrived at hotel at 9 am and was able to leave luggage with concierge until room was ready. First impressions were hotel lobby was clean and nice with comfy seating area and friendly staff. Bedroom was lovely - spacious, extremely clean, nicely decorated( no worn/scratched furniture or saggy bed as seen in other reviews) and aircon in good working order. Ate very nice dinner in hotel restaurant which again was clean and nicely decorated with lovely comfy armchairs to sit in. Food was not overly expensive and was cooked very well and both hubby and I had left clean plates for all courses. Breakfast was really nice (and plenty of it). Location is excellent - 1 minute walk Green Park tube station, Theatreland 10 min walk, shopping districts all within walking distance. Overall we really enjoyed our stay and will be staying again next year.	
Sep 22 2006 	Location is only Plus at HI Mayfair	The hotel's proximity to the Green Park Tube Station is the only advantage of staying at this hotel. My husband (a Priority Platinum Member) upon check-in was told we would be placed in one of their &quot;special rooms&quot; for such guests. If this was a special room, we would hate to see what the others look like. The carpet was quite dirty and in need of both cleaning and replacement. The lampshade on the desk had a slit in it. The furniture was chipped and in need of repair. Both of the double beds in the room sagged in the middle. The staff was not very friendly or accommodating. On the plus side, the tube is minutes away. For breakfast, we hit Starbucks across the street and then Marks &amp; Spencer around the corner for a roll and juice before heading out to tour the city.	
Sep 14 2006 	Great location awful room seedy ambience	Good price for a great location. The room was shabby with hardly any lighting (were they trying to hide something). The bed sagged towards the middle - making sleep for 2 less than sound. The very nice maid had very bad body odor which clung to the room for 20 minutes after her exit. Good news, the jackhammer on the street outside wasn't that noticeable. The hotel itself had a somewhat seedy ambience.	
Sep 12 2006 	Excellent hotel in prime location	Got off to an inauspicious start with this hotel, with a 'disagreement' over their providing a disabled-facilities room as part of a newspaper-sponsored 'special offer' package [they said they had such rooms available but at first refused to let me make an 'able-bodied' special offer booking and then transfer this to an accessible room]. But Reservations Supervisor [thank you, Sureya] was extremely polite and attentive throughout and we finally sorted things out.Accessible-room along with extremely spacious and well-equipped and adapted bathroom was perfectly up-to-standard - quite spacious, quiet, clean, well-appointed with effective if slightly noisy airconditioning.We were on a D B &amp; B rate, inclusive of a much-cutdown 2-course dinner menu, but the dinner food was very good, the restaurant comfortable and all the staff [especially the Restaurant Manager] very friendly and so pleasant. Breakfasts in same location were perfectly adequate, although not exactly sumptuous.Really enjoyed our stay here: much owing to the prime location but the management and all the staff made this an excellent experience too.As a footnote, found when trying to book a London hotel that the prices are generally stratospheric and almost exclusively 'room only' and 'excluding VAT' - such practices seem very greedy and fairly disgraceful - glad that they seem only to prevail so much in London and not the rest of the UK, where presumably the pickings aren't as lucrative, with fewer tourists to fleece.......	
Sep 1 2006 	comfy beds rooms need updating	The Holiday Inn, Mayfair is very conveniently located close to Green Park underground station, and to Sainsbury's Boots, M&amp;S, and many sandwich/breakfast shops, so I didn't eat in at all at the hotel!!The hotel lobby is bright and cheery, with a nice lounge area with comfy sofas. I had asked for a quiet room when I booked via their website (2 nights for the price of 1 - a bargain £141 including VAT for a family room, on a room only basis). the first room the receptionist gave me was opposite a lift, so I immediately asked if I could be moved to a quieter room, which was duly done, without any hassle.The room itself (507), was facing the road, but very little traffic noise was evident due to the triple glazing. The two double beds were comfortable, and offered a pillow menu. However, the fittings need updating. Chipped furniture, wallpaper hanging off walls, didn't give the hotel a four star appeal. But we were just using the room as somewhere to sleep, so weren't overly concerned by the furniture. The bathroom was adequate, and there was good water pressure on bath and shower. The view from the room was of an office block, so not very exciting.We had breakfast at Katies, which is a small sandwich bar on the way to Berklely Square. You can get a full english for £4, which compared to the hotel prices is a steal. (must state that we had breakfast during the week here - not sure if it is open at weekends).I usually stay at the Chesterfield when I am in Mayfair, and I must say that the Chesterfield wins hands down for elegance of rooms, and comfort. However, if you are wanting family rooms, there is limited availability in London.Checkout was prompt and easy.I would use this hotel again if it had a really good deal, but otherwise I will stick with the Chesterfield.	
Aug 29 2006	perfect location could use refurbishing	I chose the HI-Mayfair for location and wasn't disappointed. It's perfect--not only because of its central location, proximity to the Green Prk underground and buses on Piccadilly. There's also a Sainsbury supermarket across the street, a Boots Chemist on the corner and a Marks &amp; Spencer Food a block away. Lots of restaurants, too.The room itself was a decent size, as was the bath, which seemed recently upgraded. But the furniture was rather rundown looking and a bit grim. And though I asked specifically for a quiet room, we ended up right across from the elevator. (We were too tired to ask for another.)We stayed on Priority Club points--I'm not sure I'd pay to stay there again, though the location counts for quite a bit in London.	
Aug 12 2006 	Lovely Gem Of A Hotel Perfect Location	We have just returned from this hotel, celebrating hubby's birthday.Booked through their website securing an advance payment deal for £101 a night.A very warm welcome on arrival, reception staff friendly and very efficient.Our room was a good size for London, large , very comfy bed, choice of pillows, two chairs and a table plus a sofabed.Lovely size bathroom, brilliant shower and everything spotless. Hospitality tray very well stocked and with plenty of milk for a nice change!It was hot but our air conditioning worked extremely well giving us both a very good two nights sleep, plus we were at the back of the hotel (room 645) so it was also nice and quiet.We were very comfortable.We had room service on both nights and l can honestly say it was one of the best we have had in a very long time. The food was delicious and HOT! It arrived exactly at the time they told us it would and with a beaming smile from the waiter! And l might add, not over priced for London! It was also very nice to see it had been removed from outside our room before we left for breakfast!!We did have a few drinks in the bar which as we expected were very expensive, but again we could not fault the service or the relaxed atmosphere.Out and about.This hotel is in the heart of theatreland. We walked around Mayfair and found some lovely little cafes and delis where we could eat quite cheaply . Sainsburys and Marks &amp; Spencer foodhall are literally on the doorstep as is Boots Chemist.If you wish to splash out the Ritz is across the road , also Langans Brasserie.We easily walked to Bond St, Oxford St &amp; Regent St, but we do enjoy walking and exploring!We also walked to Buckingham Palace through Green Park and carried on from there to Westminster etc.In this hotel we felt we found a right little Gem, we hadn't been to London in 11 years, but having stayed here has made us keen to visit more often, so needless to say we will definately be going back. Thank you Holiday Inn Mayfair.Just a note! There is currently a lot of construction work going on at Kings Cross, which can cause havoc! it cost us £15 by cab to the hotel, so if you are on a budget it would be quicker and cheaper to take the tube! Although our cabbie was lovely!	
Aug 8 2006	"Air Conditioned" is a Misnomer	The rooms at the Holiday Inn Mayfair were large enough for our family of four, but the air conditioning seemed to really just be more of an air &quot;circulation&quot; system. The first night we were there, it had been quite warm outside, and we all four needed showers, adding even more heat and humidity to the room. The room never cooled off, even after we turned the thermostat down as far as it would go. We called the front desk, and they brought us a fan, assuring us they would move us to a room with a &quot;working&quot; air conditioner the next day. Our new room was no cooler - my husband looked at the air conditioning unit, and he is relatively certain that there was no compressor in it - the unit's fan never really blew enough air into the room either. When we went into the hallway during that second night because of a false fire alarm (it actually went off twice), our neighbors told us that their rooms weren't cool either.I would think that this hotel would be lovely any time of the year but during the few hot days that London gets - it is very close to Green Park Tube stop, and it is walking distance to Buckingham Palace. We found a restaurant named Henry's right across from the Tube stop that we really liked, and there was a Starbuck's across the street. I would say that, if you are going to London at a time that you think you need true air conditioning, make other arrangements than the Holiday Inn Mayfair.Also, I paid to use the computer in the lobby to respond to some e-mails, and the keyboard began typing odd characters mid-way through my work. The front desk did allow me to start my time over on a computer in the bar area, but they seemed to be aware that the keyboard did not work well on the computer in the front lobby and had not solved the problem.	
Jul 20 2006 	Great Hotel / Location	Great hotel. Perfect location. What else is there to say? I stayed there in July with my family (2 Adult and 2 Kids) for a few days and we loved it. Staff is excellent. It was really hot outside during our stay and our air conditioner in the room worked great. Room was clean. Maid service was great. People at the front desk were friendly and professional. We hopped on the tour bus (Big Bus?) and got around London great. Saw a show while we were there. We loved London’s Theater District. If your into partying (which we are not), there are a lot of pubs in the location. Only thing I would be aware of – London is really expensive now. After London we went to Paris via the Chunnel train. Hotel is a short cab ride away. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to stay in a nice place.	
Jul 12 2006	Can't beat the location	Like the previous review, you can't beat this place for location. On my latest trip to Europe we stayed in 9 different places, I rank this 2nd best. If you're looking for good room facilities and not interested in the lobby/restaurant then this is the place. Room was clean and spacious, and spotless bathroom. They were also very efficient in getting the rooms cleaned up each morning. As soon as we went out to get breakfast, they were in and cleaned up before we got back half an hour later. (Note: I also stayed in the Crowne Plaza -nice lobby/restaurant area horrible rooms for the price they demand). Don't bother with breakfast there are plenty of better places to eat nearby. It's overpriced and not that nice looking. We just went to the grocery store and Starbucks next door and brought it back to the room. You'll save a bundle, especially if you have kids.In the vicinity there's Green Park underground 2 minutes away, and all the tour buses stop there also. Cut across the park and you can walk to Buckingham Palace in 10 minutes. The West end is also a short walk down Picadilly. The concierge desk is pretty useless and the staff not very helpful unless there is a tip in it for them. The hotel price, although not cheap is pretty good for Mayfair. (just look at what they want for a room at the Ritz 20 yards down the road.) Also for families the two double beds are a great savings and a rareity for London. The Holiday Inns in Kings Cross and Bloomsbury also have them.	
Jul 3 2006	Location Locataion Location	Stayed here for a couple of nights with the family. This is a great location, just a block from the Green Park Tube Station. We rode the Piccadilly Line on the Tube into the city from Heathrow Airport and walked a block to the hotel.Piccadilly Circus and the Palace are just a 10min Walk Away.From this hotel we walked all over the city as far away as Madam Tussauds Wax Museum (that was a bit of a hike but doable non the less).The hotel staff was friendly and helpful. On our first night the toilet broke in our room around 4am. I headed to the front desk at that time looking for assistance knowing that in a couple of hours the my wife and daughters would be waking up looking to take showers and …. you know. The night supervisor just handed me a key to a different room and said when you wake up just go into this room and we’ll move your luggage while you are out on the town.I couldn’t have asked for more. The hotel staffs knew the city very well and were able to guide us in all the right directions to make our stay in London an enjoyable one.With comfy beds, great location and a helpful and friendly staff, you can not go wrong with this hotel.	
Jun 2 2006	Great location!	Stayed for two nights with my family, and would definitely return again. These are the pros and cons of the hotel.Cons:Not for those who want a five star, trendy, modern, swanky hotel. Room was a bit bland but OK, beds comfortable, bathroom clean and spacious.Pros:Location is superb, it is within easy walking distance of tourist sights and shopping. Many choices of public transport around the hotel, and lots of food options from restaurants to coffee bars to supermarkets (Sainsbury, Marks &amp; Spencer) to french cafe (Patisserie Valerie across the road on Piccadilly)Felt very safe staying in the Mayfair area.Families can book a room with two double beds, which is a real money-saverHas airconditioningPlumbing wasn't noisy, unlike many other London hotels!	
Apr 30 2006	Excellent return visit	We spent Easter 2006 at the Holiday Inn Mayfair, having stayed there more than ten years ago. We had happy memories of the quality of the hotel on our first stay, and thankfully were not disappointed by our return visit. The central location of the hotel is without question, and we were delighted to be able to leave a theatre in Victoria at 10.30pm and be back in our hotel room by 10.50pm, thanks to the proximity of Green Park Tube Station! We had a pre-theatre meal there one evening, and it was delicious. Breakfast was plentiful (although the toaster was rather eccentric - you either got hot bread or burned toast!), and throughout, the staff were helpful and friendly.On the official website, they claim that is where you get the cheapest rates. We booked well in advance, and then I accidentally found a slighter better rate through a hotel site that sends me emails. I emailed the hotel and they immediately honoured the cheaper rate - I was afraid this might result in some confusion when we got there, but no, it was all in place and never needed to be mentioned. Our room was spacious with a large bed, and was serviced to a high standard daily.We certainly hope to return there, and with any luck won't have to wait another 10 years!	
Apr 24 2006	Good bet great location	Lots of room for a London Hotel. Stayed 6 nights 13th to the 18th of April. The internet is 15pounds per 24 hour period, and there are no other alternatives that my wifi could pick up. Nice area close to everything. Sainesbury grocers on same block, Tesco 2 blocks away open until 11pm. GreenPark underground and BigBus tour within a minutes walk of Hotel. If you have a limited amount of time the bus tour is a real plus, try to get the one with the live narrator, fun. Room service is available till 11pm, but not great and very expensive. Wait staff was good but the clerk who initialy checked me in tried to put me in a smoking twin room. I had a print out, and she then gave me the nonsmoking family room I had asked for. I don't think I will be staying here again only because now that I know the area I have found a B&amp;B in Knghtsbridge for half the money twice the room and a kitchenette to boot. Ask the locals where to eat, and try all the pubs.	
Apr 22 2006	Great Location	Great location just accross the street from Green Park tube and a few minutes walk from Buckingham Palace. The area in general felt safe for London. Hotel staff were friendly and cleanliness was good. Did not take breakfast at £16 per head ! but loads of cafes close by did a much better deal. We took our two young daughters for a 3 daysightseeing trip a would certainly use this hotel again	
Apr 18 2006	Excellent Hotel Prime Location	Our extended family (6 adults) stayed at the Holiday Inn - Mayfair for a week in late March and were all very pleased with the experience. The staff at the front desk, dining room and especially the concierge desk were all very pleasant and helpful. Each of our rooms had two double beds which are not easy to find in many London hotels. That feature plus the excellent location were why we originally chose this hotel. With the Green Park station right across the street and within easy walking distance to Buckingham Palace and Picadilly Circus, the location couldn't be much better. The dining room is somewhat small and expensive so we didn't eat many meals there. We definitely will stay here again when we return to London.	
Apr 1 2006	A Great hotel and Fantastic Location!	We stayed in the Holiday Inn Mayfair last night after we had tickets for The Rat Pack. The location of the hotel is fantastic. It only takes a couple of minutes to walk to Picadilly Circus and about 15 mins to the 'Theatre District'. Well at least thats how long it took us to walk to The Savoy Theatre. The hotel itself is also lovely. The rooms are very large and spacious. We had a family room with two double beds. We had a view over looking The Ritz! The bathroom is also spacious for a city hotel. Both the room and bathroom were very clean. We will deffinately stay here again for a break in London.	
Mar 20 2006	a great place to stay	Stayed their two nights in March 06, and the location is spectacular. We arrived from the states with massive jet-lag, and were much surprised to find our room ready and waiting, 3 hours before the official check-in timeWe declined the breakfast, and found the bar to be pricey and over-rated.. there is a great bar next to the Green Park tube station.. speaking of which, the London Underground is easily navigated, once you understand the train-lines- everything is color-coded, and you can save a ton of money on taxis by using it during normal hours. Starbucks is across the street from the hotel, and there is a market right down the road.We did have an issue on the second night with the room's heater, but the staff was quick and diligent to solve the problem. I would stay here again in a heartbeat!	
Mar 19 2006	Location Location Location	My girlfriend and myself have just returned from a weekend away in London. With it being a first time visit for myself, we were very please with this hotel. The location is spot on, everything is within easy walking distance, and the tube is just over the road. The actual hotel is very nice, on a side street just off the main road. It is very clean, and well presented. The one downfall of the hotel is the staff. Check in was long winded, and the bar/restaraunt is not the best in the world. Having said that, with everthing on your doorstep, why eat in the hotel. For a first time visit the hotel is in a fantastic location and offers good value for money, just dont expect the staff to win any customer service awards.	
Mar 4 2006	Great rate good location	Stayed at the Holiday Inn Mayfair for 1 night in Feb. Got a great rate through the Intercontinental Groups website (priorityclub) - 99 pounds including breakfast. Rooms were a good size for london and a quick stroll up Regents Street and you are in Oxford Street. Within walking distance is Sheperds Market (ask the concierge for directions) with a great selection of small inviting and individual restaurants centred around one little square - really good find and so good to get away from chain type eateries. Would stay again	
Feb 26 2006	Good Value	The Holiday Inn Mayfair is in a great location within walking distance to many London attractions. The hotel is easy to get to from Heathrow airport via the picadilly line to green park. The hotel itself is ok, but nothing special. The rooms are an ok size and comfortable. However the entire hotel including the room is dated. The hotel can use a rennovation. The hotel is far cheeper than area hotel, which is why I stayed there. If the price is good, I will definately stay at the Holiday Inn Mayfair	
Jan 26 2006 	Fawlty management	This hotel has a great location in Mayfair, and comfortable rooms that are well maintained by hardworking staff. However, beware of the hotel management, who seem to have trained at the Basil Fawlty school of customer relations. Other reviewers have noted similar problems - hopefully Holiday Inn will take notice.	
Jan 23 2006	A perfect weekend base	The Holiday Inn Mayfair was the ideal location for a weekend break - easily accessible from Heathrow Airport via The Piccadilly Line to Green Park Station (a few steps away), and with leading theatres and restaurants all on the doorstep. Our room was excellent - spacious, with lots of welcome extras, and a sublimely comfortable king bed. Staff were consistently pleasant, and helpful, and the bar (Nightingale's) was ideal for a nightcap. The room rate was competitive for London, and helpfully included breakfast (3 day advance rate reserved on line via ICHotels Group Web Site).Many other attractions are within walking distance, and we would certainly choose this hotel again.	
Jan 6 2006	Great location slightly dated	I stayed at this hotel for 1 night in July 2005. The hotel is in an excellent location - right next to Green Park, within walking distance of Buckingham Palace, Oxford Street etc.The staff were very welcoming and friendly. The room was clean and presentable if a little dated.The main reason we stayed at this hotel was because we had a newspaper offer making it only £45 for the night. However I gather that it is usually priced £150-200 which seems excessive despite its location.I would definately stay here again and if you can get a room for a reasonable price I would highly recommend it.	
Dec 28 2005	Great location decent hotel	This was a nice hotel. In contrast to some of the other reviews, we found the staff to be extremely helpful and friendly. We were traveling with our two children--aged 3 and 5--and the concierge was extremely helpful in finding decent restaurants nearby (although they did push the hotel restaurant), the grocery store just 1/2 block away, and getting a taxi. The room was small from US standards, but reasonable for UK. We had a room with 2 double beds and a very nice bathroom (the shower even had decent water pressure). The furniture was a bit worn, but it was functional. The main attraction of this hotel is the location. The Green Park Tube station is about 1 block away, and most attractions are 2 or 3 tube stops. We even walked from our hotel to nearby attractions and restaurants. The breakfast in the hotel was extremely expensive--but at least the kids ate free. When we ventured out and ate at other restaurants, we found that the meals were comparably priced (but the food was much, much better, so it was worth walking outside). All in all this is a nice London hotel that exceeded our expectations. We paid 100 pounds for two nights and 124 pounds for two nights--and we felt that the room was completely worth the money (bigger and more comfortable than the much more expensive hotel we stayed at in New York, and in a better location).	
Dec 26 2005	be wise with this one	If it was not for the location of this hotel, I would certainly recommend avoiding it as the owners clearly want to skin everyone who stays there. The staff are clearly paid peanuts and their attitude reflects it.The rooms are as well equipped as any Holiday Inn although its a tight fit especially if you need a cot for a baby. However, it is the way in which they encourage you to take up one of the most expensive (and profitable for them) breakfasts in London. Down the road at the 4 Seasons, at least the breakfasts are individually cooked. At HI Mayfair, the food has been cooked out back then dumped in heated trays for self service (I hope nobody has a cold). All of this for 17 pounds each?Yet, I chose to stay there. Why? Great location, no other reason. Remember, move an item in the fridge and you are immediately charged. Just take it down to the check out on departure for the return of the excess charge.Do not accept the offer of 40 pound/day parking when readily available meters in the area are 4 pounds per hour. You can pay the Congestion Charge at the Sainsbury's across the road.I used points to pay for the two stays this year, its not worth hard earned cash.	
Dec 6 2005 	OK	Stayed here on business, room as expected. Staff very courtiousSainsburys food Store is just down the road - 50 yards to the right.Starbucks just across the road. - far cheaper for roll and coffee in the morningFront rooms facing the main road are very noisy - bring ear plugs !!!! Internet access in room is £15 per day, although there is free wireless access in the lobby. This was not advertised.	
Oct 30 2005	Central Hotel	This hotel is well situated. It is within walking distance to most attractions.The Breakfast is expensive (£16.95), but, there are plenty of reasonable places nearby. I found the concierge unhelpful and rude.The room was small and rather tired looking. The whole hotel is in need of a repaint. However, if a rude concierge and poor maintenance don't worry you than this is an okay place to stay in London.	
Oct 17 2005	great choice	This was a great hotel in London and the price was good. We have had poor hotels in the past so I really relied on trip advisor for this one and it was very accurate. We would definatly stay again.	
Oct 15 2005	Wonderful family hotel	Great hotel in a safe, clean, convenient location. Close to Green Park station, grocery store, main sights. Perfect for family as we had two teenagers and it is very difficult to find rooms to accommodate four people in Europe. Concierge very helpful as we were first time visitors. We would definately stay here again.	
Oct 15 2005	Good location and less expensive	Ouch, London is expensive! We found the Holiday Inn Mayfair to be more reasonable than most, mainly because they have rooms with two double beds. Our family of four then could fit in one room rather than have to have two. The location is outstanding, within 1/2 block of the Green Park Tube station. If you're coming from Heathrow, you don't even need to change trains. (There are a few stairs in the station though and no elevator (lift)). It was quiet as our room was far away from Picadilly Road. Getting to Buckingham Palace is a pleasant walk through the park. The Mayfair area has many restaurants but they can be expensive. The breakfast at Holiday Inn is outrageously priced at L16.45 per person. Starbucks and Caffe Nero are within a few steps will be less expensive.Other reviewers seem to be basing their reviews on other Holiday Inns or places they have stayed outside London. This really isn't fair. In summary, the Holiday Inn Mayfair fit our needs well.	
Sep 30 2005	5 start hotel??	My daughter and I stayed at the Mayfair for 5 nights when it was &quot;upper class&quot; Intercontinental Hotel. This was not a 5 star hotel then but now a lower ranking of the Holiday Inn chain. Had we not expected so much uponour first stay I would say for London this a good hotel at the Holiday Inn level. The restaurant was qute good and our room very large and overall service from the staff pleasant. It is a good location (Green Street tube station just outthe door) and would consider on our next visit. It has a long history and was a very classy hotel at onetime.	
Sep 27 2005	Location and price were right	The location was the best feature of this hotel since it was right next to the Green Park underground station which took us everywhere we wanted to go. It is a short walk to Buckingham Palace and Piccadilly Circus with lots of sites along the way. The hotel and rooms were clean and the rooms larger than I was expecting after reading general reviews of London hotels. The best feature about the room was the overlapping drapes so that annoying streak of light did not wake me up in the early morning. There was only a few TV channels so bring a book if you wish to relax. The breakfast was way overpriced and you could get the same food about a block down the road at Henry's for half the price. There are 3 supermarkets close by that offer any food, drink, or personal care item you may need during your stay. Shepard's market is close by also which had a lot of food options.We did not get an early check-in since we booked through Priceline and paid for a particular room - basically one without a view. And we were not able to get an upgrade. No biggy though since we left our bags with teh concerige and were on our way to site see.Free internet on the first floor is great but everyone else thought so too so it was hard to find the 1 computer station free.If you do stay here make sure you don't leave the bath water unattended. For some reason they are very paranoid about tubs overflowing. You will see signs everywhere which is pretty funny.	
Sep 6 2005	Great Hotel and Great Location	For a London hotel these rooms are spacious. Beds are good and the bathroom is large by London standards. The hotel and rooms were clean. But how much time are you spending in your room?!! The most important thing is the location. Right around the block from the Green Park Tube station and you can easily get anywhere. Snack, water etc is available in the next block from Pret or Mark &amp; Spencer prepared food store or the Saintsbury market. Several reasonable restaurants and pubs surround Shepherds Market a few blocks over. And for those of you who need that coffee fix-Starbucks is right outside the front door of the hotel, not to mention Cafe Nero which we found to be more fun.	
Aug 21 2005	3.5 stars + in an ideal location	We stayed at the Holiday Inn Mayfair with our 2 teenage daughters for 4 nights in July 2005. We were extremely pleased with this centrally located hotel. Forget the image you may have of a North American Holiday Inn, this hotel has high standards and even some character. First, the location in upscale Mayfair cannot be beat. You will easily walk to everything and lower your taxi / tube expenses. The building is very well maintained. Our room on the 5th floor was large for Europe and remodeled (see picture). The hallway decor and carpeting were also impeccable. The room was very quiet and spotless. Service whenever we needed it was prompt, polite and professional. You can tell this is a well managed hotel. Everything was to our pleasure and satisfaction. Only sour spot: the team of concierges are not highly service oriented and treat guests with a bit of an attitude. We would go back anytime.	
Aug 9 2005	Location location location	Hotel was a little worn but the location more than made up for it. We were close to the subways walked to Buckingham palace, trafalgar square, Picadilly circus and Leicster square at all hours. Very safe grocery store 2 blocks away and parks very close. Great food at Leicster square(think Times Square in NewYork). Ask hotel staff for free internet use next to admin office. Breakfast so so	
Aug 8 2005	Great Location Good hotel	My wife, two children and I stayed here 23rd to 30th July 2005.Because of the bomb scares security etc., we selected Holiday Inn Mayfair for it's central location.And how more central can you get? A 5 min walk to Piccadilly Circus,shopping, West end,the Palace and just across the road to a leisurely walk in Green Park. No need for use of tube or buses. All the staff extremely friendly, mannerly, and helpful throughout the week. Bedroom quite adequate in size for four but not the biggest we have stayed in while on previous trips to London.A King size bed and pull-out sofa bed made for little walking room. In fairness to the management we were told prior to booking that all the larger family rooms were already booked. Bathroom very clean and immaculately maintained daily by room attendants. Breakfast could have been better and the fact one had to eat within the bar area some mornings did not lend any ambience to a healthy eating/dining room experience. A complimentary bottle of wine and chocolates mid-week was a nice and much appreciated gesture.	
Aug 5 2005	Great value at the Holiday Inn Mayfair	My family (2 adults, 2 kids) stayed at the Holiday Inn Mayfair July 12-15. What a great location! We walked to Buckingham Palace, St. James Park, the theater and more. We were very happy in our air conditioned room during their latest heat wave. The kids got a check-in gift and we got some great recommendations for dinner from the front desk. Best of all it was inexpensive in relation to other hotels I was looking at. The room was small but clean. We would stay there again!	
Jul 21 2005	Wonderful!	Stayed here in July 2005. Had a bit of a problem getting a non-smoking room, but the staff here really came through and gave us a great room overlooking the Ritz. The location could not have been better-the Green park tube station is literally right across the street. The room was clean, the staff very helpful down to changing our currency at no charge! Unfortunately, while we were there, the bombings occurred. The entire city was shut down, but the staff at the hotel were extremely generous in allowing us to use their computer in the managers office to email family in the states that we were OK. I would wholehearedly recommend this hotel and would stay there again! It's a great value and made our trip a great memory.	
Jul 15 2005	Great	We stayed here in July 2005 and it was very enjoyable, the location is excellent, staff are very professional, rooms are clean and while not the biggest are surely a good size for London.Buckingham Palace is a 5 minute leisurely walk across Green Park, the tube station is just around the corner. Boots, Marks and Sparks within a couple of hundered yards. Oxford Street 5 minutes away.We visit London every 3 or 4 years and I must say this is the most value for money hotel I have found and will be staying here again. I have no reservations in recommending this hotel to anyone looking for a comfortable hotel in one of the more convenient parts of London.	
Jul 6 2005	Hairdryer in the desk drawer	My husband is from London and we visit every year. In most UK hotels, the hairdryers are in the desk drawers. This is undoubtedly done to discourage tourists from blowing out the razor outlet in the bathroom. This hotel was great. It is in a great location and is a bit noisey at night (because it's in a great location!). They will keep your luggage with the concierge until the 2pm check-in time.	
Jun 9 2005	Great Location Staff not too helpful	I'm not going to complain about the fact that we couldn't check in until 2pm. After an over night flight from the states, we were beat. I understand check in times, so if it happens to you, don't complain. They held our luggage and we went on our business of sight seeing. The hotel is walking distance to many sites, that's a plus 1!!!The bed was really confortable and the pillow menu was a nice touch, the pillows we had were great. The bathroom was nice and the towels were big! It's a nice hotel. The lounge is comfy, the staff there, very polite.The only problem I had was the clueless concierge/bellman, one in the same. We would ask them questions and get absolute blank stares!! No advice on restaurants, he &quot;lost the book&quot;! I just thought it was odd.I would however, stay here again, we paid $150 US a night, and I assume that's a bargain in London, everything else is so expensive considering the value of the dollar there, ouch!Location, Location, Location!!!	
Jun 7 2005	Good Facility 	My wife &amp; I stayed at this Hotel for 5 nights at the end of May and the first of June, 2005, and were very happy with our selection and the rate we paid. The facility appears to be maintained at a high level. The room was very clean and updated...and spacious. The bath was also clean but the fixtures were a bit out dated. The location was perfect. There are 2 groceries located within a block. 3 Starbucks within 2 blocks. the Green Park Tube stop within 1 block. and, in addition to the hotel's facilities, there are a number of restaurants &amp; pubs within 1 to 4 blocks. Locate the hotel on a map and you'll see how great the location is! The staff were all very friendly and responsive to our needs. Two other traveling partners were also equally happy with this hotel. We will recomment this hotel to others and also would stay here again on a future trip to London.	
Jun 1 2005	Would Stay Again	Just returned from 8 wonderful nights in London at the Holiday Inn London-Mayfair.As mentioned in previous reviews, we agree it was an excellent location. 2 grocery stores within the block, the Green Park tube station, ATM across the street, pharmacy on the corner, beautiful park across the street, Starbucks across the street, pleasant staff, clean comfortable room &amp; bath. No street noise. Walking distance to Picadilly &amp; Leister Square &amp; Buckingham palace is on the other side of Green Park.We arrived at the hotel at 9:30 am. I was able to freshen up in the ladies room in the lobby, left our luggage with the concierge and off we went to start our wonderful stay in London.	
Jun 1 2005	Mayfair is the perfect location	I stayed at the Holiday Inn Mayfair for one night in May before a flight back home, and I was quite pleased with it. The location is ideal. Near the Green Park Tube (1 block away), and bus lines. Lots of attractions are within walking distance. Picadilly is one of my favorite areas to stroll around. The room was spacious and the beds were comfortable. It was clean and the decor was English and charming. I had a room on the sixth floor in a corner, so it was very quiet. I can't comment on the value for the price because I used points to pay for the room.	
Jun 1 2005	Good hotel and a decent London rate	We stayed twice in the Holiday Inn - Mayfair during the month of May. Based on my research, the price can not be beat based on the accomodations provided (two double beds) in London. The location is excellent (about a 100 meters from a tube station). The room was large for London standards. The bathroom is small but functional. Not many ammenities in the hotel and the breakfast is very pricey.	
Apr 22 2005	Perfect Place	After checking the reviews on this site and finally making a decision, my husband, two children (8 and 11), father-in-law, brother-in-law, and myself arrived in London after an overnight flight and, while we were not able to check in right away (we arrived about 10:00 am) the desk gladly took our bags and stowed them away for us so that we could make the most of our 1st of 2 days in London. There was a nice restroom near the lobby where I freshened up and after a few minutes we were ready to enjoy London. When we arrived back at the hotel around 5PM our room was ready and, while we didn't request it, we had 2 rooms right next door to one another, which was very convenient. The rooms were spacious enough, slightly cramped for 4 people with 4 large bags, but definitely not an issue. The room was very nicely appointed and clean and quiet (double-paned glass). The beds were super-comfortable and the bathroom was lovely and the shower pressure very good. The bathroom was clean and the towels fluffy. When my son messed with the safe in the room and got some things locked in there the staff were glad to come and help us out. My husband and I had a nice drink in the bar at the Hotel before going out for the evening and the bartender was very friendly. Best of all the price was fabulous for London, about $175/nt. Excellent location, close to Tube stop and sites. Would definitely stay there again, a great find!!!	
Apr 12 2005 	Good location but the rest... so-so	This hotel does have a great location (opposite the Ritz) - but note that this is what you pay for. This hotel is fairly expensive yet for the price you pay, you are missing out on some pretty basic amenities. There was no hair dryer in my bathroom - not acceptable in a hotel of this class and at this price - and the drains were clogged so that by the end of my shower, the water was halfway up my calves. Everything else was average, ie. nothing special.I have stayed in some good Holiday Inns but I was extremely disappointed by this one especially as it is the most expensive one in the chain I have tried.	
Apr 8 2005	Top Choice	Second time we have stayed at this hotel. Our main complaint after our first stay was poor customer service at the front desk. I am glad to say that this time, the customer service was very good. This hotel is in a great location, with the Green Park Tube Station, Starbucks, Sainsbury Food Market and Marks &amp; Spencer Food Store all within one block. To save money, I recommend you book over their internet site and get the advance rate without breakfast and then buy your breakfast at one of these places. Piccadilly Circus, Buckingham Palace and Oxford Street are all a short walk away.	
Mar 31 2005 	perfect location	great location, next to tube, grocery stores, shopping and restaurants.Staff great, dinning great. highly reccomend.	
Mar 16 2005	Nice Hotel - Good Value	We stayed here in May 2004. The hotel is in Mayfair about a block away from Green Park and centrally located. Our room was large and the amenities wonderful. The only downside for me was that it was in a predominantly business district, so it did not have many shops or restaurants nearby. Shopping and dining is within a 15 minutes walk, however.	
Mar 14 2005	Holiday inn Mayfair	Very good choice: clean and in the heart of the most elegant area.	
Mar 13 2005	Pick another hotel	I could not wait to come back and post after seeing the glowing reviews before our London trip, March 1-8, 2005. We had two stays because we spent four days in Paris in the middle of our vacation. The first two nights were fine. It is in a great location. The staff is not particularly friendly, with the exception of the concierge, but the room was relatively clean, though a bit dusty. But it was when we got back from Paris that the trouble began. Our room was filthy. The carpet was actually wet and stained. We wanted to use the minibar to store the baby's milk but it wouldn't open, and when they opened it once, you couldn't open it again. We had no ice bucket and they never brought one up. After an hour, I had an asthma attack from the dust. The manager came up and moved us to a moldy room. It was late by then and when I complained about the smell, he came and tried to clean it. But you would have had to have used industrial strength solvents, and he didn't. We suffered through that night and left extremely dissatisfied.I just got a letter of apology giving me a free upgrade and two free breakfasts on my next stay. I want my money back, not a certificate that I will not use, because I will never be back.Also, the breakfast was terrible in the hotel restaurant. Don't bother with it, go to the Pret a Manger a couple of blocks away.	
Mar 3 2005 	Great!	Wonderful hotel. Best location. The Ritz is just down the street. Go at the right time of year, and it's a very good value. The rooms are huge. Have stayed there many times	
Mar 1 2005	very comfortable	Have just returned from a short weekend break at this excellently situated hotel, I can confirm that virtually all the reviews are spot on. We were in room 508 (see review 11), but ours was a defined non smoking room, as were the rooms next door etc. The room was very clean and comfortable so if there have been any problems with this room they have now been been rectified!!!!!Would use this hotel again and will recommend it to friends	
Feb 17 2005	very good value for your money	I stayed weekend in the end off January.We wanted a hotel which is near shopping facilities,is clean and quiet (no traffic or disco noise),able to sleep a little bit longer.We walked a lot,because everything is in walking distance.Because we were budget travellers we used bus to Liverpool st.Station which was very covinient.Of cource this isn't brand new hotel ,but 100 £ night what you can get in that area(Ritz hotel and other famous hotels)We defenetly will come back for next winter sale for this hotel .A Shopaholic and her lady friend from Finland	
Feb 14 2005	spacious rooms 	My husband and I stayed here for 3 days (1/2005) in the executive suite which was very spacious and clean. The towel warmer in the bathroom was a nice treat. The staff and concierge were extremely accomodating and polite. We had problems with our window not closing properly and they sent someone to repair it immediately. We cannot express our gratitude when I had fallen ill. Getting sick in a foreign country is a bit scary since you are unfamiliar with the environment but the concierge was exceptionally helpful and caring in helping us find and get to a doctor. We did not expect such attentiveness.The hotel is centrally located with the Tube around the corner and a market a few steps away. We were very happy with our stay and we'd definitely stay here again.	
Jan 6 2005	Great great place for budget travellers	We picked this hotel back in August for a weeklong stay over New Year's, and did so based on seeing unanimous 5-star reviews here. Returning to the site now to post our reactions, we see some less-than-flattering reviews that have since been posted, but our stay met our earlier expectations and hopes. Among the highlights:-- To our amazement, our room was ready upon our arrival from the USA at 9:45 AM, several hours earlier than normal check-in time, without us even calling in and asking for this. We had planned on having to drop off our bags and wander the neighborhood for a while before check-in; instead, we went right upstairs for a quick nap and a shower, and then went out for the rest of the day,-- The staff was very helpful and friendly, to the point that we cannot imagine who could have been working when previous reviewers unhappy with the staff were staying there. Either the hotel hired a squadron of brand new people in the interim, or the negative reviewers themselves need to work on their interpersonal relations.-- Certain little touches ... such as allowing us to use a hotel office terminal for a few minutes, gratis, to check email, in lieu of having to use the dialup internet service offered for a fee in the room (in fact, they vounteered this possibility; we did not ask about it) ... the best hotel shower we've ever experienced, with excellent water pressure and massage settings ... the room was outfitted with a stack of guides to the area in general and to the week's events in particular (there is no need to buy a copy of TimeOut when you arrive at the airport; you'll get a copy in your room) ... an immediate response - and we mean someone was at our door within thirty seconds - to our call downstairs about what seemed to be a malfunctioning electric outlet (it was making a buzzing noise, which subsided after a few minutes).There are plenty of good things about the hotel that are beyond the control of the staff or the company (such as being so close to the tube), just as there may be bad things similarly beyond their control (such as the construction an earlier reviewer complained about, which we didn't have to deal with). I suppose there are negatives that are within their control, such as an overpriced restaurant (there is, however, a Marks and Spencer on the next block, so if you don't feel compelled to dine in a hotel restaurant, you have a place to get sandwiches, salads, breakfast pastries, etc., right downstairs). In our experience, however, just about everything that was within the control of the hotel and its employees turned out to be a thumping positive.The point is this: if you can afford a five-star hotel with all the bells and whistles, a lobby of diamond-encrusted grandeur that will take your breath away, and a room the size of the main floor of Harrod's, this isn't it. But if your wallet does have its limits, this is a perfect place to stay. You'll get a spotless room; you'll be one minute from the tube (Piccadilly line, which goes directly to Heathrow); you'll be within walking distance of Piccadilly Circus, Leicester Square, Trafalgar Square, and Buckingham Palace; and you'll have a friendly and attentive staff at your beck and call. A highly recommended hotel.	
Jan 5 2005	Location location location	That pretty much says it all! Can't beat this hotel for location and price. Walk to everything. Right next to the tube and a Marks &amp; Spencer food shop. Staff is terrific. Very friendly. Giovanni, the restaurant manager is outstanding. Rooms are somewhat small, but very clean and comfortable. Stay here. You won't be disappointed.	
Dec 29 2004	Good Hotel for a family Great location so so staff	We spent six nights at this hotel - including Christmas day. You cannot beat the location of this Hotel, unless you want to go across the street to the Ritz or a block down to the Shereton. We only tubed twice - once to Brick lane and once to the burbs. You could walk everywhere else quite easily. The internet rate we received - was better than places rated in the bottom 1/3 of trip advisor. Clean rooms, most just refurbished. Good sized elevators - could fit a stroller. Quiet. They were refurbing the room next door and would not start until 9am. Christmas dinner was good. Staff was a bit iffy - told a friend that we were not staying there. Priority club gold only got me a free newspaper. Way to go Holiday Inn...Now my gripe - they nickle and dime you. This is unnessary when the posted rate is 250 GBP a night. A drink in the hotel was 3.50 GBP for a pint vs 2.30 down the street. A local phone call for one minute was 50p. Automatic sensor mini bar - which I have always detested as dodgy - charged us for a back of chips/crisps and a coke. The intersting thing was - we had it emptied by the staff as soon as we got there to store our baby's milk. Hmmmm... Overall - compared to other hotels in London (and we have stayed in many), for what we paid, this deserves to be ranked where it is.	
Dec 11 2004	Almost top marks!!!!	Travelled from Glasgow....Stayed here for one night on the 10th Dec 2004 in the King Executive room on the top floor - FAB room. 100 % clean, VERY spacious, king bed, complementary water, chocolate and fizzy juice. Neutrogena toiletires a bonus as was the Spa bath!! Booked in advance through Holiday inn and god great deal £127.00 No faults here..... Reception lost marks on arrival as no smile, placed my credit card on top of the table instead of handing it back to me, my hand was help out for it. Reception said it was hotel policy to charge me £50 on arrival incase of any extras I may use. I said I wasn't aware of this?! usually hotels take an imprint of the card to charge on check out. This one took £50.00 from my card and they refund on departure - not great for 'long' stays though! I was only staying one night so got the refund the next night. Check out reception much more cheerier!! Very polite and friendly....left my baggage at the hotel and the porter gut was very helpful too...bar staff smiley and helpful when i asked where the toilets where...toilets at reception in very clean condition (female) - fully stocked and dove cream for hands after washing.....really soft hand towels. Hotel is very clean looking, reception/lounge area comfortable....bar compact and rather Chrismas looking while I was here.Ideally situated (2-mins walk) down the street turn right to the tube - Green park. Has local Marks and Spencer 'simply food' for sarnies, fruit, juices etc next to tube and Starbucks over the road.HIGHLY recommended if you want top Italian dishes or simple ones too....veg lasgane, lasagne, pizze, pasta, meatball, sarnies, jacket pots, beers, coffee, teas, milk, orange jiuce and much more I have found a direct tube from Green park and head to Covent garden - once exiting the lifts turn tight and continue to the little covering/market/eating type area a place called 'pontis' they have outdoor eating but if you go in, the top part is smoking, THEY HAVE LOADS OF DOWNSTAIR SEATING ...big poritons, heated to order - meal for two adults plus drinks approx £16 bargain!!! all homemade yum......Enjoy your stay :O)	
Dec 10 2004	Wonderful Room!	We stayed 4 nights over Thanksgiving holiday of 2004. There were 2 adults and 2 kids in our group and we had a very comfortable sized room. A nice big king bed and the kids had a pullout sofa sleeper. The room was very nice and clean and a good size. The rates weren't excessive after comparing other motels with the same amenities. We would definitely stay here again if we went back. It's very close to the Green Park Tube station and Buckingham Palace. Convenient location.	
Dec 9 2004	Again good value and great location	If you're looking for a more middle of the road American influenced accomodations, this is a great hotel for you. It's certainly way above the &quot;tourist&quot; and budget hotels I have stayed in before when in Europe. They even provided washcloths!! It's not the Ritz (that's across the street) but you will feel very comfortable, secure, and have easy access to all London has to offer. My wife and a friend of ours stayed here in October 2004 and were very well pleased with our entire stay. The hotel was very quiet and the staff efficient though not overally friendly. My wife had been to London before and she (who is very picky) was very pleased and loved the location. Ask for a room overlooking the Ritz for a better view. Oh, and if you try to go to the Ritz be sure you are dressed appropriately. I was in jeans and was asked to leave!! Imagine that! You'll be more comfortable at the Holiday Inn Mayfair.	
Dec 8 2004	The best for reasonable price	We spent 5 days in this hotel. Everything was OK! Our room on the second floor was very quite, clean, beautiful with exellent bathroom and A/C. The staff was polite and helpful. No problem with car parking that is very unusual for the central part of London. Nothing to compare with for this price in London. I will stay in Holiday Inn Mayfair when visiting London next time. Good luck to all of the staff!!!	
Nov 26 2004	Not perfect but okay	Great location. Room was clean and well decorated. I was on the 2nd floor which was one of the floors that must have been renovated recently. Construction noise was the problem. There were quite frequent sounds of drills and other noises during the entire day up to 6pm.Check-in staff seemed rather confused at times and the lobby definitely has not been renovated in forever.	
Nov 16 2004	Disappointing!	Having traveled throughout Europe (and currently living in Italy,) I have seen my share of hotel accomodations. Most were excellent, some good and a few bad rooms have been my experience. Although the Holiday Mayfair was in an EXCELLENT location, the room (Room 508) we were given was horrible. There was mildew on the shower and bathroom walls, tiles that were broken were stacked under the tub, the fan in the AC/Heating unit rattled non-stop, the blankets and sheets had hair still in them, etc. I asked for another room but was told this was the only one available. At least they changed the sheets after my complaint! I have a sneaking suspicion that since I was a Priceline customer, I was receiving below quality service. This was the first time I was disappointed with a Priceline acquired hotel. Also, the added bonus was although I requested a non-smoking room, I was not on a non-smoking floor. The person in the room next door was a smoker. Sitting in our room was like sitting in a bar, the smoke came in from their room to ours all night. I was sorely disappointed in this hotel, especially after reading the rave reviews before our November 4th trip. I hope they clean up their act! I sent both priceline and the hotel an email about the poor quality service for a four star hotel. I hope that will help future travelers!	
Nov 6 2004	IN NEED OF REFURBISHMENT	I had read all of these wonderful reviews prior to staying at the Holiday Inn Mayfair on November 3rd for two nights. I found the staff very attentive and helpful, but this hotel is in DEFINITE NEED OF REFURBISHMENT. The lobby furniture is very worn and my room was a definite disappointment after a long trip to get to London. The bathroom was very small, although the two double beds were nice and comfortable. There is no way I could give this property an excellent rating due to the quality of our room. The people who wrote all these rave reviews must not travel very often.	
Oct 28 2004	Excellent location	My husband and I and our 18 month daughter stayed here in October and it was as wonderful as all the reviews stated. It was centrally located to everything as well as clean and quiet. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone coming to London.	
Oct 19 2004	Loved It!!!	My husband and I stayed here for 5 nights in October and had a great time. It's so close to the Picadilly and with the price we got from Priceline, you can't beat it. We walked all over town from this location to all the major sights. It's just across the street from Green Park which is the entry to Buckingham Palace and not far from Parliment and Big Ben. The staff are very polite and helpful and the restaurant, Nightingales was incredible. Everything in London is expensive with the currency conversion but this place is very comparable and carries a wide variety of alcoholic beverages, which you will find isn't so easy in London. The room was a decent size by London standards and very cozy. We would definitely go again.	
Oct 3 2004	Very very nice	Just returned home from an 8 day trip to Scotland and England, including four days in London. We stayed at the Holiday Inn Mayfair and were quite pleased with our accomodations. The location is terrific for getting around as the Green Park Tube station is just a block away and Victoria Station is a very short bus ride away. The staff treated us very well and our room was very nice, with two queen size beds and lots of hot water for showers each morning!The price for breakfast at the hotel is steep, but thankfully there is a Starbucks right across the street, with terrific muffins to go with your coffee! Also there is a Sainsbury local store (for groceries) as well as a Mark's and Spencer at the Green Park tube station for snacks, pop, sandwiches, etc.We got a great deal through their website, which made our stay even more special and enjoyable!I would give Holiday Inn Mayfair a very strong recommendation.	
Sep 28 2004	Perfect Location	I stayed at the Holiday Inn Mayfair in Sept/Oct 2003. The hotel is in the downtown district called Mayfair and is in very close proximity to Hyde Park, Green Park, St. James Park, and Buckingham Palace. Surprisingly, I found the area to be very quiet in the evening. Access to public transportation couldn't have been any easier as the Green Park Tube station was only 20 metres from the hotel entrance. For those who like to be escorted around town, there is also a bus stop for The Original London Sightseeing Tour right by the entrances to the Green Park Tube station.As far as the hotel itself is concerned, I found the staff to be very attentive. The rooms were large for European hotels but I found the decor to be a bit tacky and out-of-date. Nevertheless, the rooms were well maintained. Breakfast was included with our hotel package and there was a good variety to pick from (both hot and cold). Taking all factors into consideration (location, service, facilities, and etc.), I'll have to say the hotel is also reasonably priced.	
Sep 9 2004	One of the best in London!!	Just got home from 10 days in central London and stayed at the Holiday Inn, Mayfair for the second time. It is an outstanding hotel, with relatively large rooms, perfectly located to tour London, good food and drink and excellent service. If you want to be in a place where you can walk to almost everything, this is the place. We had a great time and they took good care of us. Can't wait to go back.	
Sep 8 2004	Location The Best!	This pass Labor Day Weekend,Sept 4 and 5 2004, my adult son and I spent a couple of days in London. We used the review that was given to book this hotel. They were right! The hotel is located minutes from the Green Park Station. and two stops by tube to Victoria Station. We arrived early and our room was not ready, not to worry we changed clothes and the bellman store our luggage. You can pick up a tour right across the street. The room was nice and roomy. Hotel staff was friendly. Yes I would reccommend this hotel and yes I would stay here again! This was my son's first trip to London and yes, the hotel always does adds to a trip.	
Sep 2 2004	A really good place to stay	On my way back from the USA after a hard month of work, i decided to spend two nights at London and walk around this favourite city of mine. The Mayfair Holiday inn was a great hotel choice. As they say Location, Location, Location. You are close to everything and some times can walk at any place instead of taking the tub. Staff was excellent and upon departure porters were really helpfull with bags. Only downside were rooms. I had an executive room with a lovely king size bed and a power tub which however was old looking and a bit dark. Other than that an excellent choice and in a good rate too.	
Aug 30 2004	Great Location - Good for Families	Stayed at the Holiday Inn Mayfair in August 2004 for 3 nights. It is in an excellent location in the exclusive Mayfair district of central London. We took the Picadilly subway line direct from LHR to the &quot;Green Park&quot; stop and walked 1/2 block to the Hotel. The room and bath were compact, but comfortable and adequate for our family of 4 given the affordable price we got on the holiday-inn website. Walking distance to Buckingham Palace (10 min), Picadilly Circus and Regent Street shopping (15 min) and the double deck hop-on-hop-off touring buses that begin their rounds at the Green Park tube stop in front of the Ritz Hotel. Highly recommend this hotel for visitors to London, especially those with children.	
Aug 24 2004	Loved Holiday Inn Mayfair	Excellent hotel. We paid 73GBP/night (without breakfast) for a family room. We stayed for 5 nights. This was our first trip to London and the location made it very easy for sightseeing. Piccadilly circus and Leicester square are walking distance from the hotel. Green Park tube station is opposite the hotel. The rooms were very comfortable. We were incorrectly charged for the minibar items and when we called the front desk they immediately fixed it for us. Will definitely stay there again.	
Jul 28 2004	Loved it	My family and I were a bit hesitant about staying at this Holiday Inn but could not find too many rooms in London in a nice area for a family of 4. After reading the reviews on tripadvisor we made reservations and were so glad we did. We stayed at this hotel in June,2004 - two adults and two teenagers. We all loved it. Location was great. Everything - attractions, restaurants, eurostar office, train station, etc. were all within a short walking distance.The staff were very friendly and helpful. Restaurant was very nice. Rooms were very clean and very spacious - trust me, my family is very picky about hotel rooms, especially bathrooms. We have been known to check out of hotels after seeing the rooms. We really enjoyed this hotel and would stay here again.	
Jul 15 2004	What a wonderful surprise!		
Jul 15 2004	Could not beat it!		
Jun 30 2004	won't stay anywhere else in london		
Jun 16 2004	Wonderful Hotel		
Jun 8 2004	Perfect location		
Apr 25 2004	Location and Great for the Price		
Mar 2 2004	Location!! Location!! Location!!		
Feb 1 2004	Great location reasonable price		
Jan 5 2004	Fantastic Location - hard to beat!		
Jan 5 2004	????		
Feb 22 2009 	ottimo albergo qualità prezzo e ubicazione		
Jan 18 2009 	?????????		
Jan 16 2009 	?????		
Dec 17 2008 	Situación inmejorable		
