	Quiet and perfectly located	We just spent a week at the Commodore Hotel and highly recommend this hotel to others. I have stayed in various hotels all over London and believe this hotel is the best value for your money. The rooms are small and sparcely decorated but are clean and cozy. We had a lovely room on the top floor and enjoyed the peace and quiet. The breakfast was very good as was the service. The location is fantastic and between the Lancaster Gate and Bayswater tube stations. Hyde Park is a stone throw's away. The rooms are inexpensive and if you are like my husband and I, you only need a room within which to sleep. This is the perfect spot.	
	Great location	Spent last weekend in London with friends. Stayed at the Commodore for 3 nights in a very small but clean and nice room. Friendly staff, great location. We arrived at Gatwick and had no problems at all getting to the hotel. Quiet area, nice pub (the Mitre) and a fantastic lebanese restaurant (Fontana) near by. Would definately stay here again.	
Nov 3 2009 	Smallest room ever	I stayed for 1 night on the 15th of October. I wasn't sure where the hotel was located. I ended up calling for directions. I came in from Paddington rail as I took the London express. It was bit of a walk, about 20 minutes lugging your things around.The receptionist knew I just walked from Paddington &amp; gave me room number (I think) 34. It was on the 3rd floor with no lift, which happens to be the top floor. Seeing I had to lug my things up 3 flights of stairs I wasn't very happy. She said I could wait &amp; there would be someone to take my things up for me, but I had a friend that was waiting to have dinner so I opted to take the 3 flights of stairs. However, check-in was fast and efficient and despite giving me the worst room ever the receptionist was pleasant and friendly.The room was a disaster. There is a photo of the bathroom I had where you practically had to walk side ways from the sink to the shower. I'm 5'2&quot; and it was uncomfortable for me. I couldn't imagine anyone bigger than me to manage in there. There was also no room to put any of your toiletries. The bedroom itself had no room for anything. In fact, the desk was in front of the double bed. The space was about foot and a half from the desk to the end of the bed. That meant you couldn't pull the chair out completely. To work I sat on the bed and pulled the desk towards me. Since the space was so tight, I had to hop onto the bed to get to the other side of the bed as I couldn’t pull the chair out to go around the bed.I've stayed at this hotel twice in the past and it's a hit or miss with me. I don't like big inconsistencies when traveling - be it business or pleasure. Therefore, I won't return to this hotel and would not recommend this to anyone - regardless of the location. There are plenty of other hotels within the area that are better.	
Oct 29 2009 	a bit basic for a four star but great location	I had never been to london before so we were there on a sightseeing/shopping trip. You can't fault the location as it's a three minute walk from lancaster gate tube station and about 20 mins from the marble arch. It also almost overlooks hyde park and kensington gardens. The hotel itself is a very basic for a four star but apparantly this is the standard in London. I dread to think what a 3 star or lower might have been like.The room was nice, bed was comfy and the linen was gorgeous but the bathroom was minute. You could hardly swing yourself, let alone a cat!! It was perfectly clean, however, and the minibar was well stocked. Breakfast was dreadful. A continental breakfast was included in the room rate but there was a very poor selection of cereals, fruit, bread etc. Service was impeccable though. Dinner was also very disappointing. We were going to a show one of the nights and hadn't left ourselves enough time to go to a nice restaurant for dinner as we had been shopping all day (the red shoes or the brown shoes-you know yourself!) so we had to eat in the hotel that night. We asked for two fillet steaks which were tough, overcooked and flavourless and were accompanied by limp salad leaves. So, avoid eating in this hotel if you can.We found the service from all the staff to be quite good. We arrived back late one night to find the room soaked from rain coming through an open window. They moved us quickly and efficiently and were courteous and polite at all times. Also, they looked after our bags the day we were checking out as our flight was late in the evening.	
Oct 23 2009 	Terrible Stay...Better Hotels for Same Price	My wife and I researched this hotel on Trip Advisor before we left. There were positive and negative comments, but we decided to spend 8 nights at the Commodore Hotel from Oct 16-Oct 22/09. Many of the reviews were very accurate. We upgraded to a suite (room G-5). Although the room was larger, the carpets were very dirty and stained, and should have been replaced years ago. The furniture is very worn, but the general appearance of the hotel and lobby area was okay. When we paid for our hotel online, it included a breakfast each morning as part of our stay. Unfortunately, when we went for our first breakfast, we were told breakfast was not included. The staff were very rude and unaccomodating, and made not attempts to clarify our concerns...they just told us we did not get breakfast. The bedroom had a king size bed, but, they only put a fitted sheet on the bed and do not give you a flat sheet. This means you sleep with a duvet that is kept on the bed from guest to guest. The bathroom was small, and there were exposed electrical wires underneath the sink. No face cloths are provided at all, but there was plenty of hot water.On the day of check-out, after again expressing my concerns, I was informed by the male front desk employee that indeed I should have received the breakfast each day for my wife and I. He apologized and said the other female employee was wrong.Overall, for the cost of the room, we saw other hotels with much better rooms for the same rate. The location of the hotel was excellent, but again, there are plenty of other hotels in the same area with much newer accomodations. In fact, we ate breakfast at another nearby hotel, and their staff were very polite and welcoming.I would not reocommend the Commodore Hotel to anyone. Read the reviews on Trip Advisor to see what others said. We made the mistake of trying the hotel because of a few positive comments, but we should have paid closer attention to the negative comments. The negative comments were right on the money. My wife and I are going back to London next year, but we will be staying somewhere else.As someone who has travelled to many countries and stayed at many hotels, take my review as being very accurate. This hotel should not be rated above 2 stars, and the staff at the hotel are very unpleasant, rude and unaccomodating.	
Oct 10 2009 	I've been before I'll go again	I have stayed in many London Hotels but am now set on the Commodore. This little hotel really does offer a lot. You are next to great places to eat, Hyde Park, and three tube stops less than 5 minutes walk, not to mention the Heathrow Express and Paddington in ten minutes walk. The rooms are fine, bathroom spotless, and service excellent. The area is very safe, and really nice to have a walk around. One of the nicest parts of London to base yourself and then take the tube everywhere.	
Oct 2 2009 	A safe  quiet hotel in a good position for a london tourist	My room was so small but adequate &amp; pleasant. Downstairs there is 2 beautiful rooms to sit &amp; relax with one of the many papers supplied. The breakfast was a good European style buffet with an additional cost for a hot one but check its included as many seemed this was not included. The only fault I found was the carpet looked very stained but they put in a report to housekeeping &amp; that they didnt tell me there is a gym {but then again after walking all day I did not need it.}	
Sep 23 2009 	lovely hotel	bad, breakfast only as on two starts hotels, bad coffee and the selection of food was very tiny..they should def. focus on that. There was far too many waiters in the breakfast room which was ignoring as only little space. They should have one who actually spoke english instead.but leaving the breakfast behind, everything else was just spot on!	
Sep 22 2009 	great staff excellent food convenient room a bit small.	My wife and I are in our seventies. We stayed 9 nights at the hotel. All staff were very pleasant and helpful. Excellent dinners. Only complaint would be size of room - we found it small but believe this is standard for London. Heating is controlled centrally, not in each room.	
Sep 16 2009 	Perfect	A top little hotel. Perfect position -across the road from Hyde Park. Public transport and local shops a 2 minute walk away. Friendly staff, clean room and a comfortable bed. No problems with traffic noise.Hot water when you needed it (not 10 minutes later)Enjoy!	
Sep 16 2009 	Dont stay on the first floor!!!! Opt fot 7th Floor if and option	Just back from a short break to london with my partner, we had an early arrival, but we vould not go into our room until after 1 as they were not ready. so we just walked across the road to Kensington Gardens, these were fab!! We arrived back at out hotel again at around 6 or 7, we were given room 105, the rooms were small, our view wasnt the best we were looking out onto what seemed all the other rooms of the hotel. we were both woke at 5.30 am the following morning by someone that seemed to be doing a lap of their room up on the 2nd floor, all you could hear was creeking floor boards an doors banging and a television on, this went on until after 7am, if I wanted that noise I would just have stayed at home ans gone to work. When we went down for breakfast at 9.30, we said it to the receptionist about all the noise and disruption at 5.30, she was happy to move us up to the 7th Floor, of this was heaven, what a lovely room, apparantly the room that we had was an executive room, because it had a king sized bed, what ever you do dont upgrade to one of these rooms they arent worth it, and the standard Double Rooms are actually much bigger and newer looking.	
Sep 4 2009 	Very Nice hotel Great Location.	First of all i must say that the location is brilliant. Situated by Hyde Park, it is a stones throw away from Lancaster Gate, Queensway and Bayswater underground stations. Its also just of the main road so even in the center of London it is quite quiet. The staff are very friendly and the rooms are very clean. I've stayed in bigger rooms for a four star hotel but the room was big enough and the decor was simple but modern. I've had better breakfasts, however you can upgrade to a full english but that comes at almost £10 a head which i thought was rather steep for a bit of egg and bacon. Overall this hotel is very nice and in a very good location, but I've stayed in better hotels at that price.	
Sep 2 2009 	Top quality hotel but very reasonably priced.	We stayed for one night for our wedding anniversary, and only really wanted somewhere to crash out after doing some sight seeing in London. The location was perfect as was only a short walk from Lancaster Gate tube, and was a nice area too so we didn't feel worried about coming back late at night. Hotel was very clean, receptionist quickly dealt with our check in and our room was on ground floor. Wasn't sure what to expext as we hadn't paid London prices for our room but we had a Superking size bed, wet room, T.V and tea and coffee making facilities. Room was very clean and decor was ok too. I read some reviews before we booked and some people had moaned about space of furniture compared to the size of room. The furniture was big (big bed as mentioned before, and big wardrobe) but plenty of room for manoever and we didn't see what the issue was? We had continental breakfast included with our stay, restaurant was busy but we didn't have to wait long and plenty of choice of toast, cereals, fruit, yoghurts and juices to choose from. Food was nice and staff were friendly and helpful, also very efficient and cleared away quickly making more space for customers waiting. We ahd a thoroughly nice stay in the hotel and would recommend it highly, we did contemplate staying an extra night at the last minute but had to get back for our kids. We would stay here again.	
Jul 1 2009 	The end of our wedding was completed with this perfect place	I needed a place to stay on my wedding night that was close to Paddington station but offered a touch of class and luxury, and I got that and a whole lot more at the Commodore. We arrived late so did not get chance to use the whole facility or eat dinner there, but the room we got was amazing and in a perfect location with gardens outside. The staff allowed us to deliver bags a few days before and held them securely, kept a copy of the day's paper for us and offered a fantastic breakfast the next morning.I would recommend anyone who is looking for a fairytale room for their wedding night to stay here, or anyone simply looking to be close to Paddington, Lancaster Gate and other local amenities.	
Jun 28 2009	Great location - Central London	I stayed at this hotel with my father in Sept. 2008 for 6 nights. The location was excellent, as it was right near Paddington Station, subway stations, Hyde Park and Oxford/Regent Streets were within walking distance. We like to walk, and walked from the hotel to Trafalgar Square, Picadilly Circle, The House of Parliament, the Natural History Museum, Buckingham Palace, and St. Pauls Cathedral. Mind you, some of these trips took over an hour and a half to walk. So if you are not up for it, take the subway - as the cabs can get a bit pricey if you are travelling on Canadian dollars. There are lots of great, cheap restaurants around Paddington Station. Amazing location, can't be beat.	
Jun 21 2009 	I book this place often great! (but don't book a suite)	This is a GREAT value, quite smart little hotel. The double rooms with 4 poster beds are spacious, clean, nicely decorated and charming. The bathrooms are classy and well equipped, and the hotel is so very central for business and a night out. The only down-side are the 'suites' which are extremely tired and not very clean in comparison. I wish I hadn't upgraded. DO book a double room instead, as I often do. I haven't eaten the breakfast (I find it too hot in the breakfast room to relax - but I am fussy!), and have always found the staff pretty nice.	
Jun 14 2009 	Very poor value for money	After spending 800+ euro for two rooms (2 nights), we were less than impressed with the size of the rooms, the double room was smaller than the average garden shed, the single room was amazingly the same size as the double!!.Would I reccomend anyone staying at this hotel?, NO.	
May 17 2009 	Ok for what it is	Well located just 5 mins from Lancaster Gate Tube. The hotel is very clean and has friendly staff. Very comfortable lounge with plenty of free papers to read.The continental breakfast has relatively small choice however, the quality is very good.Only gripe - our room was a little on the tired side and had very noisy plumbing. Try to avoid the ground and lower ground floor rooms.My partner stayed here a few months ago and had a much better room. All in all, for the price its a good choice - clean, safe, good staff and save for our poor room Id say its a comfortable place.	
May 11 2009 	Great location great staff exceeded expectations	A great little hotel, which made a perfect base for shopping and theatre. The staff were all professional and friendly and made our group of five feel very welcome. We were delighted to get upgraded rooms and enjoyed the generous continental breakfast. I would definitely recommend it.	
May 5 2009 	Maximum 2 stars internet pictures are lying.	I reserved 3 nights at this hotel considering that is a four star hotel on a normal range. When we arrive we received a small room which was one meter bigger than the bad. One of our friend who had a single room, received a 6 square meters room. After we discuss with the personnel, they gave us a &quot;executive room&quot;. This was little bigger but with old furniture and situated at the ground floor with a horror view (pipes) and with a terrible smell. The breakfast very bad. No fruits variety and included only 2-3 things. For basic foods in other parts (eggs) you had to pay extra.I have no objection with the way that everyone is managing his business, but I really don't like the hotels, that lies the customers with nice pictures and wrong information. I think is much fair to publish the real pictures and the real condition of your hotel, maybe so you will have the customers that are looking for this and you will not have so many bad reviews. And also you can also help us to not damage our holidays.	
Mar 31 2009 	Great hotel Great Location	We stayed at the Commodore over Spring Break and were pleasantly surprised.The location is great, the hotel itself is very nice. The rooms were big for European standards and the water pressure was great. The staff was also really helfpul.If you are looking for a nice hotel in a quiet area, then dont pass this up- You will not be disappointed and dont listen to any bad reviews.	
Mar 25 2009 	Not bad for the price	I just returned from a 4 night stay at the Commodore with my husband (3/11-3/15). There were so many negative reviews that I was a bit nervous. However, for London, you can't beat the $125 we paid a night and I was satisfied with my stay.I was suprised at checkin. They weren't very nice or informative as I am used to most hotels explaining breakfast &amp; whatnot. The girl was pretty rude. No one helped us with our luggage. Usually we don't need help but this hotel seems to be two separate town houses joined. So to our room 52 it was something like this...Up the elevator to the 6th floor. Turn left and go down 2 stairs, then go up 3 stairs. The go through the door. Then turn left and go down a winding staircase (15 stairs or so). Then turn left and go through the door. There is room 52. Obviously we could have used some help with all of our bags through this maze.The room was a good size and decorated nicely in a Victorian style. The furnishings were a bit tired though. The bed was a king (actually 2 twins pushed together) and since we're used to sleeping in a king, we were glad to see that. The bathroom needed a thorough cleaning. The shower had mildew and it was just grimy looking overall. The room was clean otherwise but a corner of the room ceiling had some water stains. Appropriate amt of towels were provided and replaced each day. Coffee and tea is provided in the room and a good hair dryer was provided (trust me on this one as I have long thick hair and have used much worse dryers in much more expensive hotels).A pretty good free breakfast is provided- cereals, toast, some cheeses and ham, fruit, and breads, butter/jams. You can order eggs, bacon, etc for a surcharge. One morning, no one came over for 15 minutes and then when they did, we were told the kitchen just closed. They did agree to make the breakfast though after we complained a bit.The hotel is located right across from Hyde park and a 2/3 block walk to the Lancaster Gate tube. There are a few restaurants in the area and a really nice indoor/outdoor pub but not many stores if you run out of something.	
Mar 23 2009	Overall- decent hotel and away from the crowds	Overall, the hotel was pretty nice, but let me first focus on the few negatives:The dark-haired receptionist behind the counter when we checked in was not very courteous when we arrived at around 2pm on a weekday (I would hate to think it was because we were not white, but even the next day she didn't even crack a smile when we spoke with her, but was pretty jovial when she spoke with other guests who were white).The room we stayed in was the Albert Suite - the toilet didn't flush right away, so you'd have to wait around 2 minutes before being able to have it flush properly. There isn't much walking space in the bedroom, so it is a bit hard to iron, for example (iron and board had to be requested by the way, and they took these back when they made up the room the first night).The positives:The Albert Suite is beautiful! Only one quick flight up, the bathroom is off to the left of the little foyer as you walk in. To the right is the curved staircase; this leads to the bedroom to the right and the shower right in front (so there's only toilet and sink downstairs and only shower and sink upstairs). The rooms: the walls are all a red color and off-white color, there's a mahagony canopy bed, everything is in a very victorian style, heavy drapes, tv, phone, hairdryer, pictures of royalty everywhere, chandeliers...The other male receptionists were very friendly and we were able to leave our luggage beneath the main staircase for a few hours after we checked out (it seems like quite a few other people were doing the same thing).Overall, I would definitely recommend this place. The underground is not too far away, and there's also the little shopping street of Queensway that is also not too far from the hotel.	
Feb 23 2009 	Not even close to what they promise!	They promise a modern boutique hotel... When we arrived late one evening, we were placed in the basement (room L9) in what the called a &quot;standard&quot; double room, this room had NO soundproofing what so ever, you could hear the neighbours talking - and what they were saying. The restaurant ventilation was like a train passing by just outside our window. After a lot of arguing with the very unfriendly receptionist, we were upgraded to an &quot;excecutive&quot; double room. The difference between standard and excecutive beeing a bathtub, and that the excecutive had a little less noice from the kitchenventilation.... Upon check out, we waited for 20 minutes behind a couple with the same experience as we had - and they refused to pay full price for the room. They didn't get any reduction - as there were no manager available to reduce the price...General notes:- Hotel last renovated in 2002 - and looks that way- The bathroom was cramped - if you wanted to look in the mirror - you needed to close the door.- General conditions of maintenance was bad, with fungus in the shower, scratches on the furniture, lock to the roomdoors that didn't work and I could keep going.- Very poorly signed - difficult to find rooms in the hotel. Who knows what happens if there were to be a fire in this hotel - with people running aroud trying to find an exit...- If you just want cheap - find another hotel - that is cheaper- If you want style - and are willing to pay - as we were, there are lot's of good hotels in London, this is not one of them.	
Dec 16 2008 	Poor customer care!!	We had booked the Commodore Hotel for our 2 night stay well in advance but on arrival we were told that due to no hot water on one floor of the hotel they could not accommodate us and had transferred us to another hotel (not within their group). We obviously were not happy but they forced £20 into our hands to cover parking costs and off we went to the Hotel Elizabeth which bearing in mind the Commodore had said was better than their hotel was the filthiest hotel I have ever walked into needless to say we did not stay and spent a long time with the Concierge at the Royal Lancaster Hotel opposite who had no rooms but were happy to ring round and find us accommodation. I am very upset about this and we did not even ring the Commodore Hotel to complain further as I knew that I would lose my temper as no doubt they would have fobbed us off with the usual cliches and perhaps a discount towards our next stay!! Will never stay with them again due to their poor customer service care policy! Also it is to be noted that the Commodore did not even ring us in the morning to let us know what was happening. It really did put such a dampner on our weekend especially as we had to find alternative accommodation and as you can imagine it was one of the busiest weekends in London (we ended up staying in 2 different hotels)!	
Dec 4 2008 	A Good Tourists Hotel	I enjoyed my stay at the Commodore Hotel in London. A 10 minute walk to Paddington Station makes access to Heathrow Airport via Heathrow Express/Heathrow Connect very handy. Lancaster Gate tube is 5 minutes from the hotel and Hyde Park/Kensington Gardens closeby makes for a nice walk and break from the busy streets of central London. So the hotel location is good. The hotel itself is a pretty standard tourist class hotel. The staff is friendly and my room was ready upon arrival at noon. To my surprise I had a king sized bed which was very comfortable. A definite selling point for this hotel and not very common for London hotels in this price range. The very competitive room rate made this hotel a good choice. A continental breakfast is included. Unfortunately nothing really to brag about in this department. The breakfast was acceptabe at best. There is an all you can eat English breakfast for ?5 about a 5 minute walk on Bayswater Ave towards Queensway tube which is much more fulfilling. A good stay overall.	
Nov 14 2008 	Fantastic hotel and staff	A lovely Victorian hotel centrally located with all the amenities. The staff was particularly accomodating and extremely pleasant. The room was a delight--large with a four poster bed and all the necessities. The restaurant served a huge breakfast and the dinners were excellent. Check out the history of the grandfather clock in the lobby. Recommended for all!	
Nov 4 2008 	Great Hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Commodore in for 10 days in October 2008. We were a little surprised at the size of the room, as it was tiny, but well appointed. Housekeeping kept the room spotless. The bathroom was wonderful, marble lined with a wall-less shower and a water efficient toilet. The continental breakfast was more than adequate, the coffee great, but after 10 days, a change would have been nice. The hotel is a 2 minute walk away from Hyde Park, close to Kensington Palace, Marble Arch and many other attractions.As with the other reviews, we recommed The Swan Pub 2 blocks away for meals. Entertainment Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays.All in all it was a terrific place to stay, we would stay there again.	
Oct 29 2008 	Tiny room not very clean	I stayed at this hotel for four nights in October 2008, and am having a hard time understanding how this hotel earned 4 stars--even by London standards.I went through several rooms before finding one that was adequate. The toilet was broken in the first room, there was little to no water pressure in the second room, but the third room was acceptable (I think it was newly remodeled). The room could have been cleaner. The duvet cover was stained, as well as some of the towels.That said, the service was pretty good. The bellhops were particularly helpful.I wouldn't stay here again. The location is excellent, but there are many hotels in the immediate area.	
Oct 26 2008 	Good location decent stay at the hotel	Stayed for two nights in May 2008 for our second trip to London. I decided on this hotel because it's in a different location from where we last stayed in London. I liked the quiet location and was easy enough to get to the tube when needed...pub and convenience store was also nearby.The hotel itself was ok. No issues with check in or check out. Hotel staff was friendly. The room was small but just enough for the two of us. We had twin beds, which were comfortable...the sheets were just ok with its cleanliness, nothing gross. Bathroom was clean and served the purpose. The room looks nice at first glance, but if you were to inspect up close then it looks a little tired...this actually applies to the rest of the hotel.The continental breakfast came with our room...tea/coffee and toast was just right for me. We were actually booked for a double room but asked at check in if we could get a twin room for the two beds...they were able to accomodate and we just had to wait a few minutes to make the changes. Can't complain much about the hotel because it was safe, accomodating, got a good night's sleep, and was in a good location. Some cosmetic work on the hotel and rooms is all that it really needs.	
Oct 20 2008 	Lovely Hotel stay	A great hotel in a quiet but very convenient location close to Lancaster Gate tube. Well furnished and clean rooms, great price, friendly helpful staff, beautiful public areas and no complaints, except I thought the continental breakfast did not offer much choice.	
Sep 28 2008 	Great little hotel	My teenager daughter and myself just returned from staying at the Commodore Hotel for 7 nights. The hotel staff was extremely helpful with everything from directions to arrangeing a car to take us to the theatre. Breakfast was great and the staff very effecient and quick.Afternoon tea in the lobby was lovely and the gentleman who served us was very polite and it was very reasonably priced for London. The Commodore was central to everything, close to subway, buses, and parks, but off the busy street of Bayswater, so we found it very quiet at night. Rooms are very small and a little shabby but they are renovating some of the rooms, They were always clean and beds comfortable.I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to experince all that London has to offer but is on a limited budget.As mentioned by the prevous reviewer the Swan Pub is a great place to take a break for supper and a drink. The Fish and Chips is huge and we shared for a very resonable price.	
Sep 22 2008 	Clean and confi	Small room with very comfortable bed. Very clean room and bathroom.Less than 5 minutes away from Lancaster Gate tube stop (Central/Red Line).There's a pub called Swan a block away and they have live music on Sundays. There is also a small grocery store next to it.Staff was nice and polite.I would stay in this hotel again.	
Sep 11 2008 	Exellent	We stayed at this wonderfull hotel for a weekend.Very friendly staff, close to the city, the breakfast buffet is really amasing ( quality and quantity ).I forgot some shoes in the room, which they happily send by post to my home address.One to go back !!!	
Sep 4 2008 	Staff were so friendly	I stayed in this hotel with my daughter from last Saturday August 30th to yesterday Sept 3rd. IThe staff at reception were lovely and great for help and advice on all sorts of topics, from how to book tours to using the tube and getting best value in booking the tube.They were always most friendly, courteous and helpful in every way.The staff who worked in the breakfast room were also so helpful. Again I found them at all times to be both efficient and friendly at the same time which is becoming a rare combination!!The location of the hotel was excellent and the next time I travel will be with my husband early next year all going well and I have already told him that our hotel will be the Commodore.	
Aug 13 2008 	Did not like this hotel	Just returned from a weekend at this hotel with my mother &amp; 2 sisters. When we first got our rooms, even though we had requested a low floor bedroom, were put up on the 7th floor which my 70 year old mother would not have been able for as the lift only went to floor 6 &amp; then you had to climb windy stairs. We put our case to them &amp; they told us they had nothing else available, the 2 rooms we were given were tiny twin rooms, shabby looking rooms. We were going to check out &amp; look for another hotel as it was for my mothers 70th birthday that we were over in london , it was only then the staff came up with a choice of different rooms which we ended up taking 2 ground floor rooms which were a lot better but we had to share double beds.The staff were not friendly, the breakfast was badly organised, quite chaotic. The location is good &amp; the reception area is lovely but I have to say I would not return to this hotel.	
May 27 2008 	Not Bad for London	Overall, our short stay at this hotel was fine. It wasn't exceptional but for a London Hotel it was reasonable. Our room was almost a mini suite which was a very pleasant surprise; it was compact but had everything we needed; tea/coffee facitlites, fridge, TV with good signal and plenty of channels, nice toiletries, mini safe. Cleanliness of the room was brilliant and location was great being so close to Lancaster Gate tube and Kensington Gardens and Hyde Park. Although reception service on arrival was very good, breakfast service left much to be desired. We had breakfast included in our nightly rate but there was no real understanding from staff who was entitled to full breakfast or continental, guests didn't know whether to seat themselves or wait to be seated and it was all a bit chaotic but at the same time very very slow even when the restuarant was quiet. The restaurant manager seemed to be forever apologising and looked run off his feet. This did put me off dining at the hotel in the evening. This is however my only gripe and it wouldn't stop me from going back for a short stay. As others have suggested, an Oyster card is a really good buy, gets you on the tubes and buses in all london zones.	
May 24 2008 	A Good Nights Sleep Awaits You	The Commodore offers exceptional service for a reasonable rate, in a central location, but with tiny rooms. The staff is multilingual and are very helpful with information about dining and tourist attractions. There are a few brochures in the lobby area. The included breakfast consists of cheeses, croissants, fruit, toast, cereal and juices &amp; coffee. The rooms are inadequate for American tastes but was functional, clean and had one of the most comfortable beds that I have ever slept on. The mini bar was reasonable and sensible. We used the stairs a lot because the elevator was the size of a sardine can. The bathroom was five by five and offered only a stand in shower with no tub, and a sink and toilet stacked nearly on top of each other. Besides the room size and view (our window looked at another window) I would call this an excellent hotel stay. When I return to London, I plan to stay there again.	
May 18 2008 	a fair stay at the commodore	when you check in at the ground floor lobby and you hear the words&quot;your room is one floor down,sir&quot; a little sinking feeling is to be expected...didn&quot;t I cheekily ask for a room with a view?OK the rate was about 110 pounds with continental breakfast included and it was the alternative offered because the hotel we really wanted wouldn&quot;t honour its web price..but why does it always seem to be US that gets the sticky end of the stick? Anyway, going down to the lower floor ,fairly close to the lift, another no-no for us generally, we were surprised by the room itself..L5.. it was fairly big, bathroom clean, bed large,the TV picture a bit fuzzy but only used for the news..but the view was there..albeit by looking up at about 70 degrees we could look up at the church across the road!...anyway it was the location we wanted and it was only ten minutes walk across hyde park to the royal albert hall, where we did the tour and saw a concert in the evening..an 8 quid taxi ride saw is back at the hotel..best not traverse the park in the dark!...shower hot but the towels have seen their best days ...my dogs towel has more body and fluffiness...breakfast was in a swish restaurant/breakfast room..only about six steps from our room to the left as it too is on the lower level as is the gym...ah yes the gym!! at 0640 the rythmic knocking on the wall next door had made me smile , boy that guy had some stamina i thought, imagining a honeymoon couple doing what comes naturally but then the news came on at max level and the banging went on and on...and on...after 20 minutes I had to get up, walk four steps the other way, to the right, along the corridor and bang on the door to the gym, to find that the running machine in there was literally four feet from our heads and the tv situated over it was on full blast with another guest doing her 3 miles before breakfast!! the commodore has provided some entertaining anecdotes for a conversation, we did enjoy the stay and if we stayed again would ask for another room, but when you have paid a low internet price( it seemed at the time) your bargaing powers are limited. would we stay again? maybe..but now we have seen the other hotels in the area we would look around for a better deal.if one was available.	
May 17 2008 	Good value if you avoid the tiny rooms!	We were first shown room 510 - a cupboard with two beds wedged into it, one across the radiator, the other across the door to the terrace (shabby decking with grubby furniture, overlooking the mews).However, once settled into a room on the fourth floor we found the hotel to be clean, comfortable and a pleasant base for the Bayswater area.Despite the large number of football supporters (mainly family groups), the breakfast buffet offered a good choice and the staff were very professional.Shall use again!	
May 8 2008 	Not Really a Four Star Hotel	My wife and I stayed at the Commodore for a week during a holiday in early May 2008. We booked our trip package through Expedia. As I know that British and European hotels are older and smaller than what we would expect in North America, I paid extra to stay at the Commodore for the additional comfort of a place rated as four stars. I now feel that this rating is overstated and was relieved to check out on the last morning.First, though, the good points: The Commodore does have an excellent location. It is right across from Kensington Gardens / Hyde Park. If the weather is nice, it can be a pleasant walk to many sights (Kensington Palace, Diana Memorial, Victoria &amp; Albert Museum, Harrods). If the weather is bad (or you want to see more distant sights), the Lancaster Gate tube station is only about a 5 minute walk away. (A quick tube tip - Get an Oyster Card to save time lining up for tickets and to save a large amount from the normal cash fare.) The continental breakfast is fine, however, the breakfast room is often crowded. Also, if you are staying more than a few days, you may tire of the limited selection of items.Now, my reasons for giving the Commodore only two stars: First, the room we had was exceptionally small. We were in room 504, which we were told on check-in was one of the nicer rooms as it had a &quot;terrace&quot;. The terrace turned out to be a small balcony with a couple of dirty, old chairs which overlooked an alley. The room itself had no space for our luggage. (We kept it during the week in the doorway to the &quot;terrace&quot;.) The carpet was quite worn and closet space was very small for two people. The bathroom was adequate although roughly finished. However, my biggest complaint by far was the noise of the hotel. Pipes or some other kind of banging went on behind the bed most nights. Noise from other rooms was very disturbing with drawers and doors banging and floors above creaking all of the time. My wife once remarked &quot;the walls must be paper thin&quot;.Would I stay here again? Probably not. Even using British standards, I felt misled by the Commodore's four star status and would probably give somewhere else a try before I returned. I imagine that the accommodation that we had should have been rated three stars by British standards. But, by advertising itself as a four star location (and charging four star rates) I feel misled by the Commodore and have penalized it by giving an overall rating of two stars.	
Apr 29 2008 	Commendation for the Coommodore	I lived in London for many years so have not had to sample its hotels; now I reside in Greece and to stay just north of Hyde Park was an interesting experience.The hotel is well positioned, being a short walk from both Lancaster Gate tube and Queens Road, with its many shops, restaurants and (Whiteleys) cinemas. The standard of décor is good. My room, up narrow stairs, with no lift access, was very small but perfectly acceptable. The fact that a staff member brought up my bag helped. Indeed the staff tended to be both attentive and engaging.Breakfast was the only meal I had at the hotel (it has a separate Mediterranean restaurant). The service was slightly anarchic but if you are not under serious time pressure that should not be a problem. The range of food and beverages was good and the coffee tasted like it had caffeine in it.A plus point was that rooms have good broadband connection (fast). A minus point is that you have to pay - although just under £7 for 24 hours is a better rate than many hotels offer. However, this should be free when you are already paying one of Europes highest rates for a room!	
Apr 23 2008 	Nice Place Staff	No complaints -- nice, clean room. Comfy bed. Pleasant employees.	
Apr 16 2008 	A good bet	Initially the heating in my room did not work (this was a day when it snowed in London) so they moved me to another room without any fuss. The rooms were spacious by London standards and are completely modern, though the small TVs were disappointing. The hotel is located close to Lancaster Gate tube and Hyde Park, but is very secluded and I didn't hear any traffic noise. Breakfast was nice, but nothing exciting.	
Apr 16 2008 	A Lovely Place to Stay	I just came back from spending nine nights at the Commodore Hotel with two of my friends. We were there to see shows,tour the city and check out some wonderful restaurants.We had a wonderful time and all three of us loved theCommodore. After a day of touring we would come back and the lobby always had a great fire going. Its was very warm and inviting. They had a great breakfast and a very nice bar to have a drink. Even better were the people. Everyone there was so niceand friendly towards us. If was asked for anything it wasnot a problem. I would certainly go back. Thank you Commodore for a wonderful stay	
Mar 31 2008 	Second visit	I actually stayed at the Commodore once before (10 years ago) and was very pleased then, so it was the natural choice to return. The location couldn't be more perfect, a two-minute walk away from Hyde Park and five minutes from the nearest subway. Also, the hotel has been modernized since my last stay with safety deposit boxes in all rooms and a gym. The one thing that disappointed me this time around was the continental breakfast buffet. It was probably the poorest breakfast I've ever experienced at a hotel (it was better during my last stay, with more choices like eggs and different kinds of cheese). Tea, juices and a few different choices of bread would have been OK for a weekend stay, but was very tiresome during this six-night stay... Apart from that, I do recommend the Commodore Hotel. Nice staff too.	
Mar 24 2008 	Great hotel	I booked this hotel as part of a package and it is the best hotel I've stayed at in London so far. It was less than a 5 minute walk to Lancaster Gate tube station, was in a very quiet neighbourhood in which there was an internet cafe close by and an excellent pub less than a 5 minute walk away (The Swan on Bayswater Rd.), the room and bathroom were very clean and quiet and the staff were friendly.Breakfast was included each morning and I found the dining area to be rather large for such a small hotel. It was busy each morning but I never had to wait for a table. The staff were very attentive to clearing away dishes and replenishing the buffet.I arrived very early on a Friday morning and check in took no time at all and I only had to wait 15 minutes before my room was ready. I was also able to check out the night before I left, as my pick up at the hotel was at 4:25am and I didn't want to have to go through the check out procedure so early in the morning. They were more than happy to accommodate this request. There was always staff present at the desk, day or night.Pictures of this hotel online are exactly what you will see when you get there; no surprises. I would definitely stay there again and would recommend it for anyone travelling alone or in a couple. I think it would be a bit cramped for those travelling with children. You really could not ask for a better place to stay.	
Feb 28 2008 	good great for the money	As with most all European hotels, the rooms were small. Knowing and accepting this, I stayed in the Commodore hotel for a number of reasons, location, amenities, and cost. When I arrived in my room, the bed had a few hairs on the top. Not that big of an issue, we removed the comforter. The blanket in the closet was dirty though and since we were on the 7th floor, the radiator heating had air trapped in it and didn't work. In spite of these technical issues, the staff was extremely friendly and came to fix the heat and bring us new blankets. The included breakfast was delicious. Regarding the location, it was far enough from the night time hotspots so we could get a good night sleep. At the same time it was within 5 minutes walk time to two tube lines. This made it very convenient to get anywhere in the city. If you compare this to an expensive Ritz hotel, you will be extremely disappointed, but if you look at the Commodore as it is, a budget hotel, you will be more than satisfied and extremely enjoy your stay.	
Feb 17 2008 	It was o.k. at the Commodore	I got an extremely good price and for that, the Commodore was a very good deal. The room was very small, which would have bothered me if I'd stay longer - but it was o.k. for one night. The bathroom was clean but very small - but it wasn't a problem really, since I was alone. It was a tiny but quiet room. The best I liked the breakfast room, and the breakfast itself. The location was positive for me: within 2 minutes I was in the Hyde park - and within 5 min. by cab at the Paddington station. After all: I'd come back again, if getting the same good price.	
Feb 6 2008 	What a Gem	I booked this based on other reviews as London is such a difficult city to find decent priced hotels that are not pokey and frankly quite horrid.This hotel is a truly wonderful find. It is really good value - I paid just over £100 for one night including breakfast for a twin room through Expedia.The entrance is very nice and homely and has a quality feel.The room was on the 6th floor and was very clean and just the right size. It is not newly decorated but it is still modern and neat. the shower had great water pressure and the toiletries were Neutragena and plenty of them.The breakfast was very good, served in a modern room, with plenty to choose from, from cereal, yoghurts, plenty of fruit, toast, ham, cheese etc which is a bonus as most hotels at this price do not include a breakfast.In terms of location I would say a 5 minute walk from Lancaster gate tube on the central line and is situated just behind the Thistle Hyde park and round the corner from a Corus hotel.I would definately stay again!!	
Jan 6 2008 	Excellent stay!!!	The Commodore Hotel is situated near Hyde Park. It is easy to reach by tube (Central Line).Staff were extremely helpful. We emailed them the day before to ask if we could check in early. They made sure we were able to.Our room was on the lower level near the restaurant/breakfast room but we didn't have any inconvenience from it.The room was spacious and much to our liking the beds had duvets instead of blankets and sheets.The badroom was very clean, but maybe a bit too small. Breakfast was a feast with fresh fruit, cereals, croissants,...When I return to London I will stay here again!	
Dec 14 2007 	Good value and Service	Stayed here in December 2007 -- Thought hotel was fantastic value for money -- room was a good size for the price paid, everything was clean, breakfast wsa excellent and staff were really friendly -- would definitely stay again	
Dec 5 2007 	Very happy at the price	We got a great discounted rate on Expedia of only about 60 quid (price quoted was Aus$138 + tax per night).Room was in the lower ground level. Whilst space was pretty tight, the room was nicely furnished &amp; had a big king size bed, a mini bar and a very nice and good sized bathroom. Staff were helpful and breakfast was adequate. The only complaint was noise - we could clearly hear the gym equipment and tv in there next door not longer after 6 in the morning. However, we were up early, &amp; for the price we paid, we were thrilled with the hotel and would happily stay there again.If we paid full rate though, I would want a room upstairs somewhere away from the noise.	
Nov 26 2007	Excellent hotel!!	As we all know London is terrible expensive. You might expect to much from what you pay but in this case I experienced the hotel industrie at it's best.After checking in we saw that they had booked us a queen size bed. Me being 2.06 meters scratched my head and went down to the reception. They gave me 2 alternatives to look at. Both rooms had a king size bed and I choose one of them. We were about to go outside to have a bite to eat and they offered to move our luggage. Very professional aproch.Location is perfect. Near to Lancaster Gate which is the central line. Hyde Park is a couple of steps away and around the corner you have a great pub!Yes London is still expensive but we did not mind to pay a little more to get this excellent service.	
Nov 8 2007 	good location but...	Good location on Central Line, nice lobby, some staff helpful and nice but on checking out The person at reception asked me twice if I had taken anything from the minibar, didn't like her insisting...Room on the lower ground floor, next to the lift and staff room, noisy from 6am to 10.30 pm. Breakfast ok but we have the same in France at the Ibis hotels (2 star hotels - about 50 euros/night, not 300 euros as in the Commodore)	
Nov 8 2007 	A little bit below average unfortunately	We visited London for the first time and found a great deal with American Express. They claimed it was a 4-star hotel, however that did not seem to be the case. Though it was a decent location near Hyde Park and about a 15minute walk from the tube (train), it was not worth the effort to stay there. The service was ridiculous in the sense that they would shut off the heat every day, though it was in the 40's, there was trouble with the water system, and the staff was unhelpful. I understand that maybe they are trying to save electricity, however, at least let us know that you shut off the heat every day!The rooms were tiny and not the experience we expected from a 4-star hotel. We were extrememly dissapointed with our stay at this hotel and would not recommend.	
Oct 28 2007 	good find	we stayed here and were very happy with the room and the staff,as with all hotels, you will have differences in staff, some were reserved, but still very helpful, some were quite friendly. we also had the breakfast included every day and this was a real money saver. My only suggestion to the hotel would be to vary the breakfast fare just a little. it was good, but after a week i was ready for something different. This hotel is in a good location, close to the tube and paddington station, across from hyde park, a great place to rest your bones after a long day of sight seeing	
Oct 15 2007 	Good Hotel to Stay At	After freading lots of reviews before my trip, I decided to write my review. The Commodore Hotel is a nice 3 star hotel. It's on the smaller side, but that's common for European hotels. The lobby was nice and inviting. It was rather Victornian in style which my daughter liked, but the room was not furnished that way at all and nothing else besides the lobby was. While we had a nice room, it was rather stark being all in white with black trim. The bathroon was bigger than expected, although it was behind a fire door that was supposed to be shut at night, making it awkward to get up at night. The beds were okay but not really great. It was quiet there which was nice. It's close to Hyde Park and many of the touristy areas. The Tube entrance was close by on the Central Line. On an previous trip we were close to the CIrcle Line which is a little more convenenient, but anywhere you get on the tube is great because the lines are easy to follow and you can get anywhere. The front desk people were helpful but not overly friendly. They charged 4 GPD for the Internet (1 hr. whether or not you used the hour). Breakfast came with our reservation. It was a good variety (nothing hot) but was the same thing every morning and there were many servers bustling about so it didn't seem very relaxed. But it certainly saved us money and gave a good start to the day. We ate at the hotel restaurant once (Mediterranean food) and it was all right, but there wasn't much on the menu that I wanted to order. It was the same area in the basement (with a window) where we had breakfast. Our rooms were clean and nicely done done up every day. I would stay there again--I liked the location. We were only there to sleep anyway. We bought a 7 day pass for the tube and it was very economical and easy to use.	
Sep 16 2007 	Great Hotel - Crappy Desk Staff	We stayed at the Commodore for 4 nights in early August, 2007.Great room, nice bathroom and tub, lovely outside patio, decent breakfast, but CRAPPY desk staff - felt like we were in East Germany in the 1980's every time we talked to them - very cold and arrogant - &quot;not their problem&quot; attitudeThe hotel location is great - near Hyde Park and THE SWAN - a very nice pub, also close to buses and the tube, and walking distance to Paddington station.But we sure missed that GREAT, SOFT ENGLISH HOSPITALITY !I'm sure they hired the staff from the Hanoi HiltonThe hotel was a great bargain....got our room through &quot;OTEL.COM&quot;, and we would highly recommend that website.If you don't have to deal with the desk, this is a very nice London hotel!	
Sep 4 2007 	First time staying in the UK...Commodore is a good choice!	Our family of 4 stayed in the Commodore Hotel in July for 2 nights. As this was our first trip abroad and had never booked a hotel online before, the reservation clerk was really good. We booked 2 rooms in the townhouse part of the hotel - one with 2 twins and one with a queen (seemed like a king!). The rooms we had were very roomy. Our teenaged girls room had a huge bathroom. Our room was large but the bathroom was quite small with only a shower. Lots of antiques in the rooms...loved that! Very clean rooms, but we did get some cigarette smoke wafting in the rooms. England had just gone non-smoking so I think that some of the staff might have been smoking near doors and windows. They might need to work on their staff areas for smoking...for example: don't smoke outside the restaurant front door as the smoke really does come in! The breakfast was really good. Lots of choices for the continental as well as the English breakfast. The service throughout the hotel was excellent.Unfortunately the elevator did not go to our floor so we had to go up and down some stairs...but after 3 weeks of hauling our luggage, we were not surprised. The location was great. Not even a 10 minute walk to Paddington Station or 5 minutes to Lancaster Gate. Super convenient location. We found several great places to eat, but one to stay away from was &quot;Zorba's Greek Restaurant&quot;.We would stay at the Commodore Hotel again without any hesitation.	
Aug 28 2007	Decent rooms - super location	Great location - bus stop and subway 3 blocks away. Across from Hyde Park. Close to Paddington. Our reservation through Hotels.com got messed up - we asked for 2 singles (for mom and son) but they had us in double. The front desk worked hard to correct (they were full) - took 3 shots but got nice room. Recommend you ask to see room before you fully check in. Rooms / baths can be small (it's London) but were clean and nicely furnished. It's an older hotel with character - e.g. some rooms had short stairs to get down or up to them. Continental breakfast was decent. Front desk was very helpful. Workout room equipment in good condition.	
Aug 26 2007 	Great Value Hotel	Great Value hotel, a stones throw from Hyde Park. A 5 minute walk to Lancaster Gate tube. Not a massive choice of restaurants or pubs within walking distance this meant the area was quiet at night times though! Island restaurant and bar just next to Lancaster Gate tube is recommended.Hotel continental breakfast is very good, rooms are quite small but they have all we needed ie a bed, air con, tv and shower. Based on the price we paid I would recommend.	
Aug 21 2007 	Cute traditinal English hotel	I have lived in London twice and this was my first time going back for a vacation. I went with my husband and my best friend and her husband. We chose to stay in a traditional English hotel rather than one of the more well know chain hotels. We got a great deal on-line. The hotel is very nice, it was clean, and the staff was friendly enough. The rooms are small and the bathrooms tiny, but this should be expected from a traditional type hotel and how much time do you really spend in your room anyway?! The free continental breakfast was a nice way to start the day and included so much more food than any continental breakfast I have ever gotten in the US. The hotel is in a nice, safe area of London and so close tot he tube. One of my favorite pubs, The Mitre, is located nearby- they have great food and drink and a wonderful atmosphere. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a nice, quaint hotel who wants a taste of traditional English accomodations (with private bath rooms).	
Aug 13 2007 	no one told me how small the rooms really were	First time to London, loved the city itself. The hotel is in a quiet area by beautiful Hyde park, 10 minute walk to the subway(underground or tube) bus stop one minute walk. It did take 20 to 30 minutes to get to destinations, we were ok with this. Onto the hotel, the room is so small I almost couldn't breathe. There was a small hallway that led to the double bed with only enough walking room on either side. Across from the end of the bed was a smaller closer and table with the tv(small again). The bathroom was a good size but you experienced hot and cold water regularly in the shower. We did ask for a bigger room and were shown one with another twin bed in it which was a foot bigger. We decided not to take it because at least we had a view out the back overlooking all the little houses. Yes you hear noises from the floor above you. The breakfast was very good and the staff was pleasant but not very helpful. When we tried to explain I was having difficulty with the size of the room, I did tell them we had a large bedroom, which I know is bigger than most, but I'm usually fine in most hotel rooms just not this one. When we were leaving the hotel the whole staff started to laugh at us, I found this slightly funny but also discerning at the same time. They really didn't care and said us north americans aren't use to it and shrugged their shoulders. I got use to the room, because of my view and the windows opened. The lift/elevator supposably holds 4 people but I would only go in with my husband, a 3 by 3 lift isn't very big, I guess this is all common for london. Thank God London was worth it. Oh yeah get a tube and bus pass for zones 1 and 2 for around $23 pounds for the week well worth it. I would go back to London in a heartbeat but not this hotel.	
Aug 5 2007	Basic  some problems	Hello,We stayed in commodore for three nights. * Rooms were nice and basic* Personnel was very friendly. We need to change one room and everything was taken care of and handled in a smooth way, thank you for that.* Location is good, short walk to tube. Close to Kensington and Oxford Street.The only problem we had with breakfast room. It is so tiny that there is no room to eat. Either you push waitresses or the ones sitting next to you. Not a good way to start your day.Anyhow, would stay again and eat breakfast in cafe close to hotel.	
Jul 18 2007 	Good experience	Stayed here for 2 nights ( Wed &amp; Thurs). three of us - one twin room and one single room. Rooms small but very clean and well equipped. Single room was compact and only had shower no bath which was a bit disappointing. Had a flat screen TV though while the twin room had a tiny portable. Could be claustophobic if you stayed there for too long! but why visit london to stay in your room!Found the hotel quiet but yet it was busy in the morning for breakfast. Breakfast was great - (Included in room rate (Stg £94 for twin and £84 for single) good selection for breakfast - usual juices, grapefruit, prunes, big bowl of natural yoghurt, cereals, bread for toasting, rolls croissants, mini danishs, ham and cheese etc cooked vbreakfasts could be order at extra charge. Staff friendly and efficient and refilled breakfast supplies almost to the end of service. 20 minute walk from OXford street, in an area with a lot of hotels. Very close to kensington Park and PAlace and only a short walk through it ( 20 mins will bring you to high street ken.)Overall enjoyed the stay in the hotel - found staff efficient and hotel clean which goes a long way! Would stay here again.	
Jun 20 2007 	Great hotel	For the last three days of a wonderful trip to Great Britain, this was one more great experience. The entire hotel staff was pleasant, helpful and available if and when needed. The meals (breakfast and evening) were quite good. The menu choices was quite adequate and once again the staff was there to make sure every detail was satisfactory. I am planning another trip to the United Kingdom and upon my arrival and departure, I'll be staying at this hotel. It was a wonderful stay.....and so close to the beautiful gardens. Much time was spent walking in the park.I would highly recommend the Commodore Hotel as the place to stay!	
Jun 15 2007 	Good value 	My wife and I work in central London and needed somewhere to stay for a few nights so we booked this based upon reviews here. It's a nice hotel, nothing spectacular but excellent value for money. It deserves more than a 2 star rating.Location2 mins to Hyde Park, 10 mins from Paddington station, 5 mins from a central line tube and 20 mins walk to Marble Arch. All major tourist attractions are within striking distance but the hotel itself is in a small quiet square. There are plenty of restaurants nearby and it's an area where you can feel comfortable walking around after dark. So not in the hustle and bustle but close enough if required.Roomsmall but clean, showing some signs of wear but nothing to put you off. Great shower and a small bath. This is a room to sleep in not have room service though.Reception &amp; barfriendly and helpful at reception, bar was quiet with nice decor and sensible prices. No attempt to rip you off like many London hotels.Breakfastthe included continental breakfast was adequate if you want cereal and toast. It had cold ham and cheese which we didn't try. grapefruit and prunes were tinned but there was a fresh fruit basket. Hot food was extra but again no attempt to really rip you off something like £3.00 for hash browns and srambled eggs £8 for a full breakfast.There is a restaurant which we didn't try.Overall this hotel seems to have pitched itself at the midmarket and done it very well. I wouldn't hesitate to stay again or recommend it to people who want a sub £100 a night room for a few days. You'd probably need to pay nearly twice that for something the next notch-up.	
Jun 8 2007 	Hidden Gem in Great Location	I was a little worried about this booking as it seemed too good to be true. In fact this was an excellent deal. Fantastic location accross from Kensington Gardens and close to a zone 1 tube stop. Internet Cafe's on Queensway and walk to Notting Hill and Marble Arch make this a great spot. We were in the Townhouse part of the property which was not directly accessable by the lift but were able to use the lift to go up most of the way. Rooms were clean, bright and tastefully decorated. The included breakfast was good for getting the day going. Highly reccommended.	
Apr 28 2007 	good choice	We stayed in this hotel for a week in the beginning of March. I had read the reviews on the hotel through trip advisor before booking our package through orbitz. We choose this hotel based on price and location to the tube &amp; Hyde Park.I was pleased with this hotel. Our room had a unique set up. When you entered the bathroom was on the right and then you went up 5 stairs to the room itself which had a king bed. Our room over looked the street &amp; Hyde Park. The room itself was small as most european hotel rooms are. The room was tastefully decorated. We had few complaints about our room. Our safe was difficult to open and we had to have staff assitance to open it on one occasion (we have never had this problem before at other hotels). Our carpet was stained &amp; in need of replacement, and we could not dial our friends room in the hotel from our phone. The phone worked fine to call the front desk.We had the continental breakfast everyday which certainly helped to save some money especially given the current exchange rates! The tube is a short distance from the hotel which was great. The neighborhood around the hotel was quiet &amp; safe. I would definitely stay at the commodore the next time I visit london. I also recommend the Mitre pub around the corner. The food was great.	
Apr 1 2007 	Theatre Trip	On a Theatre trip to London, with some friends, we stayed at the Commodore, first time there, but will not be the last!!! Hotel was in an Excellent |Location, close to the Westend etc, Rooms were on the small side, however they were immaculately clean &amp; very well equipped, hotel staff were very friendly &amp; helpful &amp; the hotels facilities ie: public area's etc very lovely.the one downside is that the hotel would not be very suitable for some disabled or elderly people unless they were fit, as some rooms but not all were only accesible by Stairs.on the whole though the Commodore is well worth a visit	
Apr 1 2007 	Great Location	We just returned from a spur of the moment trip to London. We departed Amman on the same day that we decided to spend a weekend in London! I immediately began my research on line for hotels and was dismayed at the costs of hotels and the disparaging reviews of some very pricey locations! I kept coming back to the Commodore Hotel because of its location and mostly positive reviews. So, my husband and I decided to take a chance and booked theCommodore. We arrived in the morning prior to check in time after a very long flight and layover in Bucharest. We were pleased to be able to take the Express from Heathrow to Paddington and then just a short hop from Paddingtonto the hotel by the underground. When we walked to the hotel from Lancaster Gate we were thrilled! Hear we were alongside Kensington Gardens, with it's trees, flowers, fountains, etc. (You must realize that Amman, Jordan is not green). We arrived at the hotel and the staff was very welcoming, checked us into our room immediately, even though we were there early. The lobby, while somewhat small was very inviting and confortable. Tea and desserts were served there if one desired. Our room was an inside room with kingsized bed, desk, chair, armoire, tv entertainment center with mini bar. The bathroom had a wonderful bath tub and shower. Once again, this is a luxury as one hates to use much water in Amman. The linens were quite nice, bed firm, but comfortable and pillows soft. We had a large window which allowed us to view the weather, check the temperature, etc before going out for the day. The breakfast buffet was comprised of your typical breads, cereals, fruit, juices, meats, cheeses, and condiments as well as tea or coffee. If one desired, they could ordera larger English Breakfast. The neighborhood was great for walking and there were many nice restaurants nearby. The architecture was also pleasant, so it was fun just to walk the city and view the different buildings and sites.The only negative we had was that the floors squeaked a bit, so that when the person above us moved about, we could hear it. We weren't in London to spend time lying about in bed and generally they did not start moving about until 8:30- 9:00, so this really was not a problem.I would not hesitate to stay at this hotel again. I did not see any of the basement rooms or other rooms to compare with, and ours was quite nice.	
Mar 31 2007 	Beautiful and great value for money!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the commodore mid-march and it went way beyond our expectations. We were in room 106, quite small but with a huge bed and wetroom. It was the perfect place to come back to after a hard days sightseeing, and the underground is 5 minutes from the hotel! The breakfast was well organised and good for being included in the price.The newspaper under the door in the morning was a lovely touch.The luggage storage in the corridor worried me initially, but when we went to pick it up before heading to the airport everything was fine.Overall an excellent stay, would recommend it and would stay here in the future!	
Mar 26 2007 	Pleasantly Surprised	This was our first trip to London and the Commodore Hotel met our most basic needs during our 6 night stay. The staff were always helpful when engaged with a question. Yes, our room was small but it was cleaned daily with new fresh sheets &amp; towels everyday. You are going to be sight seeing all day in London anyway so the room is just a place to drop and recharge. My wife and I enjoyed the complimentary breakfast of meats, cheeses, cereals, tea etc. Well worth the cost when you are looking to save a pound or two. The hotel is located directly across Hyde Park which is full of excitement each day with opportunity to purchase local art each Sunday. Two tube stations on the Central Line assist you with moving to and from your sightseeing areas. Local pubs (The Swan, The Mitre &amp; Leinsteir Arms) are all in your area (walking distance) which offer great ales and english food.I hope you enjoy your stay at the Commodore because it is a great value for your vacation needs.	
Feb 28 2007 	Great Weekend Stay	We stayed at the Commodore on Sunday Feb 25, when my boyfriend and I and two friends were in London for a concert.We booked two months in advance after finding a great deal (£56 per room inc continental breakfast) on ebookers.Both rooms were located on the ground floor and we were happy with our lot. We had a HUGE bed, and a wet room. Our friends nextdoor had a slightly smaller room and a bathroom.Breakfast was plentiful, with croissants, toast, cereals, cheese, ham, bread, yoghurt, juices... You could pay for a full english, but we weren't bothered.The location is great, just a couple of minutes from Lancaster Gate tube, on the central line. It's also perfect for Hyde Park.So, all told we were happy with our stay.It's not the best hotel i've stayed in and equally it is certainly not the worst. I would visit again, especially if we could get the same price!	
Feb 28 2007 	Perfectly adequate	Very well located in the centre of London. We had comfortable rooms in the basement. Got an excellent price from discounthotels.com - a good continental breakfast included in the price. Well worth the money - a really nice find. Recommended.Finnish family group	
Feb 27 2007 	Very Central to Tubes/Shops/Hyde Park	Just come back from a three night stay, very pleased with the hotel, had a town house room only one little complaint that it only had a shower and not a bath, but apart from that, very clean, staff very helpful. Location is great for exploring London, easy walk to Lancaster Gate or Queensway. Hyde Park just over the road. Would rebook at any time.	
Feb 20 2007	Great find	We had a two night stay in February. It was a few minutes walk from Lancaster Gate underground station and very easy to find, a great place to be. The hotel was inviting and we were welcomed and everything was very efficiently dealt with. We were on the ground floor, in G8, a lovely double room, but no view! Very clean, bright, with a comfortable bed, all amenities and good bathroom and powerful shower. Breakfast was down the steep stairs to the restaurant - just included continental, but fine on the first day, good juice and coffee - but no meats on the second day, we were towards the end of the breakfast period though! We also had a cream tea, which was pleasant. Good value for money. I am sure I will stay there again and would recommend it.	
Feb 11 2007 	Great find	We stayed here for a long weekend; theatre trip and museums.We chose this hotel, partly because of its close proximity to Hyde Park, which we love, and also proximity to Lancaster Gate tube stop, which makes everything easily accessible.If you are maybe planning a first trip to London, it is a nice area and very safe, even at night time.The hotel staff were friendly, and responded to requests promptly and with efficiency.The foyer and bar areas were beautifully decorated, with antiques, lovely mirrors and paintings - just as you imagine an English hotel should be.We had an executive room, which is larger than some of the others, (still not huge, but this is a capital city remember!) looks down into the central sort of atrium (quiet in the evening).Decor simple but cosy - dark wood furniture, creams and whites.The bed was good and comfy, bathroom small but well functioning and everything was spotlessly clean.There is also an ice machine on the ground and second floors, which was great for fixing a drink in the room as we got ready for our nights out!The breakfast room is small, and we had to queue for a table on one morning when we were quite late down, the other times we were seated immediately.A continental buffet is laid out - bread for toasting, bread rolls, croissants, butter, jam, honey, ham, cheese, yoghurts, fruit juices and cereals.I was surprised to see that the cooked breakfast option was extra - 7.50 GBP for a full breakfast, I think 2.75 for two poached eggs on toast. Consequently, I didn't see anyone having a cooked breakfast!In the past we have stayed at the Corus Hotel, which is a few hundred yards away, and the Commodore was a huge improvement, and for only a little more money.	
Feb 8 2007	Poorly run hotel	We had not read any of the reviews and just turned up one night in December and got offered the room with the four poster bed and small sitting room up a spiral staircase. One of the attractions was a large bathroom with tub. The room itself was nice but there was no hot water in the bathroom. When we complained they said they could send somebody to look but since it was the evening we said no expecting it to get fixed by the next morning. Following morning still no hot water and they were surprised apparently having not believed us from the previous night. Turned out that the whole side of the hotel had a problem. Eventually they offered that we could shower in one of the basement rooms (which are horrible do not book one of these) They did give us a discount on the room but it was still over $240 but the staff were poorly trained and not at all responsive when we first started to complain. The tiny breakfast room was crowded.With so many hotels to choose from in London we would not recommend it.	
Jan 12 2007 	Lovely hotel - great value for your money	We stayed on second floor in a stardard double room for four night with my boyfriend, and we loved it!We booked this hotel through hotelsclick.com and got it in very low price compaired to London prices. Hotel was in a good conditions and had a charming athmosphere. Everything worked better than expected. Our room was small but beautiful. Bathroom was in a very good condition, shower was new and worked well. Continental breakfast was excellent, and staff friendly. It was extra that they had considered vegetarians too. Location of the hotel was also very good. Hyde park and also lot's of good restaurants were nearby. We highly recommend this hotel to everyone! A great stay with quite small budget!	
Dec 15 2006 	Value for money	Date 13th December 2006Hard to call this a 4* hotel however for the price, £80 very good value. The room was small but functional and bathroom not much bigger than a broom cupboard. If you are looking for a short stay at a good price close to the West End then this was a good choice. Unlike some reviews we found the staff were friendly and helpful. Overall for the price and location we would use this hotel for the odd nights stay in London when going to the theatre. I would not recommend it for longer stays.	
Nov 21 2006 	Noisy Room	Great hotel, but don't let them put you in a basement room. Even though we had reservations for six nights, we were put in the noisiest room of the hotel: in the basement, next to the restaurant and staff preparation area. We could hear the staff laughing much of the day, and the restaurant noise from 6:30 am until closing in the evening. Fortunately we were not in our room much, but it was very annoying when we were. Otherwise, a very clean hotel with courteous service. Rooms are small, but that was expected in an 1800's building. Street is very quaint and clean. I'm sure the upstairs rooms in the hotel are quiet. I would return, but only to an upstairs room. Loved the location next to Hyde Park, made for easy access to running in the morning.	
Nov 17 2006 	Stay at the Commodore	The Commodore Hotel is located near the Lancaster Gate and Bayswater underground stations on the Central line in London. Pretty convenient, and its also walking distance to Paddington Station if you are not laden with bags. Reception staff were very polite and helpful and kept my room for me after a lengthy delay at the airport! It was very late... The reception area is nice and there is a small cozy bar as well open late (not noisy). My room was on the third floor and spacious. The elevator and corridor to the room are on the small side. The bathroom was clean and well appointed and the room furnishing just OK. There is a restaurant in the basement which I didn't use on this occasion but the food has always been surprisingly good from other visits always served by friendy and efficient staff. Breakfast is in the same area and one can choose from either a continental breakfast or full cooked English (for an additional cost). The staff at this hotel are eager to please and very helpful. I will return and can reccommend the Commodore, but if only the rooms were a tad nicer. There is an internet access point, but its not free, also internet in the rooms.	
Nov 6 2006 	Good hotel for Cemtral London	We stayed at the Commodore for 4 nights. Hotel is comfortable, quiet location and clean. Staff weren't overly friendly but were efficient at their job. Hotel is in a good location - walking distance to Queensway underground station.We had two rooms that faced the street and the the small park opposite. Rooms were small but that's London and you only used them to sleep in! We did see a couple of rooms that faced the back of the hotel ( over looking a quiet mews) and they were definitely more roomier!	
Jul 16 2006	Pleasant Stay at Commodore	Stayed at Commodore 6/25-6/29 and found both the location and the hotel to be most comfortable. Assigned room 203, across from the remians of old church, nice room with four poster bed. Room was clean and bed very comfortable, heated towel rack was nice touch. Assuming you have breakfast with your lodging, just hit the buffet downstairs and don't order off the menu. Plenty of food. Make time for a nightcap at the Red Bar, open just for guests and is a nice cozy nook. Sizable martini's!!Location is directly accross from the Italian Gardens in Hyde Park and is short walk to either Lancaster Gate or Queensway tube stattion. Queensway Road is an interesting hodgepodge of resaturants and shops, great place to buy pain medicine for aching knees and sundries. Read a ton of reviews and confused about the negative entries on this property, Would have no problem recommending this hotel.	
May 19 2006 	Disappointing	Just returned from a two night stay at the Commodore as a colleague and I were visiting London on business. Booked this hotel as they had availability at short notice and a reasonable price (#100 per night-ok for London).First impressions were very good, the hotel looks lovely from the outside and this continues into the reception lobby. The staff were pleasant and handled booking in efficiently, offering help with our bags though we did not need this.Our room was on the 7th floor, not served by the lift (stops at floor 6), luckily we were travelling light so not a problem but would be for those staying longer with more luggage. The real disappointments began here, first of all with our room which was small and basic. My bed creaked loudly on the slightest movement though was reasonably comfortable. The view was good over the back of the hotel, and we could see that the rooms below had private decks and perhaps ours were the basic rooms. On a positive note the bathroom was good and everything worked.The real disappointment was breakfast which was a continental buffet, this was adequate but not good quality. The orange juice was very much watered down and we had to make our own toast. This was definitely not what I would expect from a 4 star hotel. Only 2 weeks earlier I had stayed in another 4 star hotel in london which was actually cheaper but far superior in every way. Unfortunately it had no availability for this trip.On the whole I would say that while this hotel is ok in most ways, it is most definitely not 4 star standard, but 2 to 3 star at most. The breakfast, lack of room service, and generally basic nature of the accommodation all confirm this. It is not good value for money and I would not stay there again.	
May 19 2006	A great find!	We booked this hotel over the internet for a 4 night stay in London. It exceeded our expectations in every way. The position is perfect for sightseeing...close to a Tube station, tourist bus stop, beautiful Kensington Gardens and Hyde Park, restaurants, shops etc. The staff were pleasant, courteous and helpful...although most were hampered by poor English! We initially had problems connecting to the internet and they helped us resolve the problem. The room was smallish but with ample cupboard and drawer space. We appreciated having a safe as well. The bathroom was beautiful...recently renovated, lots of hot water, nice toiletries. The bed was comfortable although only having a doona (duvet) and no top sheet was strange. The room was thoroughly cleaned each day with tea bags, coffee, toiletries being replaced. The outlook onto a central well wasn't attractive but that didn't really matter to us. The best thing was the inclusion of a continental breakfast in the price. It was served in a newly refurbished room and was delicious...plenty of everything, attentive staff and food of very high quality. We would happily stay here again and recommend it to others.	
Apr 22 2006	Wonderful but needs a little T.L.C.	A family memeber, my son and I stayed at this hotel on a recent visit to London from my home town in England, while on vacation from San Diego. Before leaving the States, I did extensive research on several websites as to the best hotels for your money, and the Commodore was on my shortlist. For under 100 pounds a night, inluding breakfast, for two of us for a 3 to 4 star hotel seemed reasonable.We arrived a little early to check in, and our twin room was ready, so we all went to our room to look see what they were like, and I was pleasantly surprised. Yes, the room was small, but thats the way the houses were built back then, so dont expect older houses to have large rooms, but it was furnished well, with dark, clean lines, bright white linens(heavenly soft, I didnt want to get out of bed in the morning), and a private deck, overlooking a residential Mews terrace. T.V., safe, internet point, telephone, hairdryer, conversion plugs, all the usual stuff as expected. Beautiful black and white marble bathroom, loved that.The staff were very kind, very helpful, and by the second day, knew our names and our room numbers, not warm and fuzzy, but friendly enough. Breakfast was good, plenty of choice, and enough for a very filling start to the day. We all did eat at the restaurant on our first night, as we were too tired to venture out very far, the food was obviously freshly prepared, arrived steaming hot, and was very good, however, it would have been nice if the waitress knew more than one phrase in English. Overall, a very good stay at this hotel, but it seemed like a three star hotel, trying to be a four star boutique hotel, and not quite making it, losing the details, like frayed towels in the bathroom, threadbare carpets in places, asking for a small thing at reception in the evening, and not receiving what was promised, not being able to regulate the temperature of the shower, so having to give up after ten minutes of being either frozen or scalded, cleaning of the rooms was not great, sufficient, but not up to a four star standard.But overall, a great stay, and would definitely recommend others to stay there, as it was good value for money.	
Apr 12 2006	Ambivalent feelings	Just a quick review and heads up for future travelers. We stayed at the Commodore two nights and found it somewhat disappointing for a four star hotel. The room was identical to what we saw on the web and we had a nice view out of the front of the building towards Hyde Park. The bathroom was adequate but needed some superficial repair. The front windows did not entirely close. The carpeting needed cleaning and we were charged for a bar fee which we did not use. The staff was friendly, and responded to our requests but did not go out of their way to inquire how we were doing. The restaurant downstairs was convenient, but a tad disappointing. We got the impression that there were staffing changes going on in the hotel. Overall, I would probably try another hotel on our next trip abroad.	
Mar 28 2006	Tiny room	This hotel had problems. When we arrived, the elevator didn't work for all floors. The room was tiny, and when I say tiny, I mean it. Not enough space. The place could have been cleaner.The breakfast was great, good food and included in the reservation. This is a 2 star hotel, not more.	
Jan 28 2006	Nice place but needs a lot of help!	I took my mom on a trip to Europe. We had not been back in 30 years, so I took my time finding the right places. Or so I thought. We arrived at the Commodore and the daytime desk help were a bit put off with helping. They did not want us to leave the hotel with our room key, which is odd for Americans. There were, however, the night shift people who were wonderful. Very friendly and extremely helpful. We truly enjoyed their company on all levels. Our rooms were on the &quot;second&quot; (3rd) floor. The rooms windows opened on the atrium area in the center of the hotel which made them nice and bright. My room was more or less okay, the carpet was dirty enough to not want to walk barefoot on, the bathroom was in need of a good cleaning but okay. My mom's room was next door, the heater did not work the whole week we were there, they came up numerous times to fix it but never did. Her heated towel rack was broken, her coffee maker was broken. It would seem that these things would be noticed on cleaning, but that seems to be an issue. The place was livable but needed help. Internet wasn't available in our rooms so we needed to utilize the lobby area and it felt awkward as well as imposing to ask to use something we were paying for. The bar was only open during minimum hours and only if there was extra staff to run it. Restaurant is in the basement and wasn't bad, actually a good deal for the money. Was empty each time we went in, so service was very good, being one on one like it was. The park was nearby and easy to access as well as the tubes. Would stay again, simply because of the staff. They were wonderful.	
Jan 4 2006	Good Value -- with a Bit of Cleaning/Repair	Off Hyde Park, the Commodore looks quite elegant from the outside. Entering the reception area continues the impression, as the staff is helpful, attentive, and well-dressed. The single room I ordered was small but certainly sufficient, with simple but tasetful furnishings. A bit of noise from the main drag a block away, but not overwhelming. There is an in-room Internet connection (not wireless) for seven pounds from noon to noon, which was a nice option.The bathroom was the only disappointment. The showerhead was cracked a sprayed water all over the room, which you think might have been noticed during the last cleaning. But then the bathroom could use a real cleaning anyway, and its odor was the first thing you noticed when entering the room. With a bathroom, small is okay, smell is not.Standard continental breakfast is included, as is access to the Commodore's simple fitness room with a climber/elliptical hybrid, a treadmill, and free weights.The neighborhood isn't full of restaurants, pubs, and cafes, but it has a few and a decent walk or a ride from the Lancaster Gate underground station three blocks away can get you to more lively locales. There are several other hotels around the Commodore, and security coming back from dinner or a show isn't a major problem.	
Dec 3 2005	Nice place	We stayed in London for 3 nights in Oct and thought that the Commodore was a great deal for the price. London can be a pricey place to visit and we had no complaints about the Commodore.It is close to the tube station and you can walk around Hyde Park easily.Would stay again.	
Nov 2 2005	Good place for a short stay in London	This hotel is very convenient, as it is near to two tube stations, hence you can go anywhere in London with no need of looking too much around for the subway. We found the hotel quite silent. Although our room was near to a lift, we never heard any noise from it. In the room next to our, a man started talking on the phone in the middle of the night and we clearly heard him, so we found insonorization room/room insufficient.The bathroom was surprisingly wide, shower did not work 100% well but we had no problem. The room was not too big (but acceptable for two people) but very clean, a bit too much warm but during last days we had high temps in London, maybe that helped in this.Breakfast was average, they have excellent Greek Yoghurt but toasts were not top notch. The food was same type all the four days we stayed The young staff was very kind and attentive, we appreciated their help.the price make it a good spot to stay in London. It's in front of Kensington Gardens but off the noise of Bayswater. For sure a place to consider for a short stay considering the price.	
Oct 17 2005	Very nice hotel	We stayed at the Commodore Hotel in England from September 19 through Septemeber 25, 2005. It was in a lovely area (many hotels, across two streets from Kensington Gardens and easily accessible to the underground and many restaurants) and was a beautiful old building. The only problem we discovered was that our room was on a “half floor”, so we had to climb down one flight of stairs to reach it from the elevator. We arrived at the hotel about 11PM and there was no porter, so we had to take our bags ourselves. The room was a good size for a European hotel with character. The hotel had a nice little bar and a good breakfast buffet. Most of the staff were foreign, very polite and good at their jobs, but not extremely helpful when it came to asking “tourist” questions.I would recommend the Commodore, but be sure your room is directly accessible by the elevator. Also, be careful, there is a laundromat a few blocks away where we did our laundry and we had problems with the attendant. One dryer we used had some kind of plastic residue and ruined some clothing. The attendance refused to do anything, not even contact the owner.	
Oct 11 2005	Never again! 	We had stayed in Commodore in April 2004 and it was a very pleasent stay in a original victorian style room in a great location. We booked it again in May 2005. We got a schock as we saw our room. As we were expecting a similiar room , we got a very badly decorated room besides elevator with 2 big and 1 small bed where 5 people could easily stay although we had booked it just for two. The heating in the room was out of order and the room was like a sauna. As we asked them how this could happen because we had completely other styled room last year for the same price. They told us that most probably we were upgraded to townhouse room last year and what we have now is their standart room! As we asked them to change because of heating and elevator, they told us that they have no rooms available. Because of the fact that it was impossible to sleep in the room because of the heating &amp; noise of elevator, in the middle of the night we went down and demanded another room. They moved us to a room in the attic where it was impssible to move&amp; sleep as two . After a sleepless night &amp; making a big scandal with the manager, they found an available room in the basement. At least far away from the elvator and with a functioning heating and big enough for two!We were schocked how they are allowed to sell such boxes as rooms! This was our worst hotel experience worldwide!	
Oct 4 2005	A cozy home away from home....	I was beyond impressed this past summer when I unexpectedly had the great fortune of spending 7 nights at the Commodore Hotel in London. It seemed every member of the staff went out of their way for me. The room was very cozy, and the bedding was very much like Westin's benchmark &quot;Heavenly&quot;. I'm not exaggerating when I say I felt sad to leave. I'll be back again next summer.	
Sep 2 2005	Rooms so small you could not turn around	I really liked the lobby and breakfast room at this hotel. However, the room was so small that it was very uncomfortable. It was a corner room and the bed took up the entire room. I know hotel rooms are generally small in London, but this was ridiculous. The breakfast was very good and the service was wonderful. The corner rooms should not be rooms, but broom closets.	
May 20 2005	reasonable hotel	Stayed in this hotel in April 05. Location is good on a quiet square and five minutes walk to Lancaster Gate Tube station on the Central line and a few minutes from Hyde Park. The area round the hotel is nice and quiet at night.The room was really small and particularly the bathroom was too small. The beds, however, were comfortable. There was a tv, safe and minibar. The hotel has a small lift and corridors. Hotel price included a reasonable continental breakfast. Not very much variation in meat and cheese. There is no secure luggage store (the staff put the luggage under the stairs). Staff is polite and helpful. Overall, not too bad hotel as long as the price is reasonable. Don’t expect too much.	
Apr 18 2005	Great Hotel	Stayed in this hotel in April 05. Booked at on lastminute 5 days before travelling. Booked a twin room for £82.The hotel has a fantastic location just off Hyde Park and only 5 mins max walk from Lancaster Gate Tube Station.The room wasn't the biggest I've seen but it was perfect for what we needed. Very comfortable beds, tv, safe, minibar and private bathroom. The bath was rather tricky to get out of as sides very high. But everything was perfectly clean. Crisp white bedding.Staff very friendly and we were able to leave our luggage after checking out. Price included a continental breakfast - perfectly adequate. You could pay extra for a cooked breadfast.Cannot comment on either the restaurant or bar, though did look into the bar and it looked very cosy.The hotel furniture was all old style which made it a bit different from your average hotels which all look the same.Would definately recommend here and would stay again.	
Mar 10 2005	A nice hotel for the London area	The Commodore hotel is a nice hotel to stay in London. The location was great. It was a white buliding with trees and with a church near by. The looby was tiny but with great deco. All though the service was not as good as the location. My family and I wanted another bed for a family member to sleep in. Well that didn't happen. So all four of us were crammed in a full size bed! The bathroom was like a closet. But for the sightseers this hotel would be okay because you would not be in your room very often!! I hope you find this review somewhat helpful.	
Jan 30 2005	Nice and Quiet	Ok it may have a small lift, corridors and dining room but the bedrooms have character are comfortable and are far better than the box type room at modern hotels. The area round the hotel is really nice and very quiet at night so you do not get woken up because of traffic or trains. One small point is that the gym could do with an excercise bike.	
Jan 29 2005	Excellent value in a quiet location	We took advantage of a late-booking rate on the day offered directly by the hotel over the phone which was half the web site rate. A polite request for a non-smoking, quiet room resulted in us being allocated to a splendid executive room on the lower ground floor. Don't panic - it isn't a basement and is one of four with large windows and doors opening onto an internal terrace. The terrace would be nice to sit outside on in summer. The bathroom had only a shower which might not suit everyone but was fine for us. Everything was very clean and we were pleasantly surprised to find high quality features like a down duvet and queen size bed with a good quality, firm mattress. There is also a small mini-bar which was big enough to take some fresh milk for our coffee. A hospitality tray with tea and coffee is provided, although there was no decaffinated or herb teas on offer. They are probably available on request.There are small features which could use attention in an executive standard room, like a damaged picture frame, but everything was functional. The rate included a continental breakfast and this is the only thing I would rate as poor. The pastries and cold meat (only one on offer) were not good quality and the cheese unimaginative. We didn't try the optional cooked breakfast, but this might be preferable.The hotel staff were helpful and friendly and are happy to store your luggage after checkout. Note that this is not a secure luggage store, so don't leave any valuables.Location is very good being set away from Bayswater Road on a quiet square and two minutes walk to Lancaster Gate tube station on the Central line, so you can get around easily. Conveniently, there's a tiny general store between the tube station and the hotel which sells emergency toothpaste, bottled water, etc. Overall, recommended as excellent value for money. We will use them again.	
Jan 28 2005	Amazing hotel cant find one thing wrong with this hotel!	Excellent location - 1 minute from hyde park, 2 minutes from tube station, off the main road in a quiet square next to a beautiful cathedral.Staff are friendly helpful, breakfast is delicious.Although the rooms are a bit small, they are clean, tidy well furnished and the bathrooms are very nice.I will definately stay here again due to its excellent, safe location.	
Jan 6 2005	Convenient location and reasonable place to stay....	My family and I have just returned from our stay in London. We started and ended our visit to Great Britain, at the Commodore. I can't say that I wasn't somewhat disappointed that the charming room pictured on the internet was not the one we were assigned to, and that initially the basement rooms seemed somewhat strange--however we were right next door to our three children, and close by to the restarant, so therefore conveniently located, for breakfast. Our rooms did not have much of a view, being on the courtyard(L3 and L6), but were clean and comfortable.We preferred the size of the bathroom, in the second room we had, for our last night in London(403), though still no charming antiques, and the extra money we paid for a better room was not particularly evident. All in all though, the Commodore Hotel was convenient and a fairly reasonably priced place to stay. (December,2004)	
Jan 4 2005	Loved the welcome tray (tea coffee...)	Nice hotel in a quiet place.The people at the desk are just not smiling.The room was nice and cosy, the breakfast tempting.May be 4 stars is a bit too much.The rooms and particularly the bathroom are too small.	
Dec 26 2004	Great location 	My husband and I stayed at The Commodore from Nov. 24-27th. The hotel is very well located on a quiet street close to Hyde Park, Lancaster Gate &amp; Paddington tube stations. The breakfast that was included with the rate was very good. The biggest drawback was the terrible shower facilities. If the water wasn't freezing cold it was scalding hot and never anything in between! Would I stay there again? Probably if I could get another fantastic rate like our last stay.	
Nov 9 2004	Terrible Hotel	I booked this hotel with Lastminute for £95 for Saturday night. I was expecting a 4 star hotel.I was shown a standard double room in the Townhouse - do not stay in this part of the hotel, the rooms are hardly big enough to swing a cat and stunk of smoke. After being shown a second room which was as awful as the first we ended up paying another £40 to upgrade to a suite - the bar stopped serving at midnight (so did not meet with the definition of a 4 star hotel which states food and drink available 24 hours).Oh, and the next morning only lukewarm water so no bath or shower.Lastminute tell me they rely on the hotel to provide the star rating so beware - do some research of your own before you book.	
Oct 11 2004	My Stay at the Commodore	My wife and I stayed at the Commodore Hotel from Oct. 3-9, 2004. Here are my humble opinions and observations:GOOD: Nice location across from Hyde Park and on the Central Tube Line. Well situated off the main drag on a quiet street. Decent breakfast included and an optional English breakfast available for a fee. Nice little bar in the hotel. Also, I read the other reviews that mentioned the narrow hallways and small lift. These observations are true, but I've been on smaller lifts in Europe. It is still better than climbing the stairs. The hallways are at least wide enough to negotiate with luggage. This place is decent for the cost. London is expensive, after all, so you can't think in US terms as far as what you get for the price paid.NOT SO GOOD: Man, I'll tell you, if you are even close to being a light sleeper, you won't get much sleep in this hotel. Every conversation in adjoining rooms and in the hall could be heard clearly. Normal walking in the hall on our floor or on the floor above us sounded like stomping due to the rickety floors. The inevitable door slammer on your floor will wake you even if you are a sound sleeper. The real clincher was the hotel staff vacuuming the hall carpets at 8am every morning. In short, I've been in plenty of hotels in my life, and the noise factor is higher than average in this hotel. Also, the bed was the hardest I've ever slept on. If you are like Tom Hanks in Castaway and are used to sleeping on the ground, this bed will be OK for you. Otherwise, you may be tossing and turning alot. The shower had good pressure, but I got a lot of hot to cold to hot again.In closing, like most things in life, the Commodore has some good and some bad. I'll probably try another place if I go back to London, but this hotel is not a bad option overall. Cheers!	
Jun 21 2004	For some Buckingham Palace wouldn't be good enough	My trip to London was terrific thanks to the staff and the lovely Commodore Hotel. The room was very clean (almost spotless), the bed was very comfortable, but a bit too short since I'm 6'3&quot;, but that wasn't even a problem; the bathroom was terrific. The room had a safe, TV and instruments to make coffee, which was supplied. Over all the room was perfect for one person. Yes, it could have been bigger, but I wasn't planning on spending long hours in my room. YOU'RE ON VACATION, SLEEP, SHOWER THEN GET OUT OF YOUR ROOM. Oh, had an amazing view of the 'OLD' church/apartment - beautiful. The daily breakfast (which is included) was excellent as well as the staff. Workout room is small, but perfectly fine for excercising. Tube is very close, as well as the park, which had people selling beautiful art on the weekends.Listen, I've stayed at the Lanesborough, Hempel and other hotels which were terrific, but for the money and service, this is a great hotel. For those individuals who want to cry about the hotel, call the Queen and see if she'll let you stay for a couple of days, since you're obviously not satisfied with anything. P.S. If she lets you stay at the Palace, ask her what's in those purses. 	
Jun 15 2004	It's a good hotel for the money	My 3 friends, I and my son had a good stay at the Commodore Hotel at end of May.. We can say only good things about the hotel, staff and service--friendly, efficient, helpful!! Our stay was 6 nights. The location was perfect for our needs, Hyde park only 2 min walk from hotel and this area was simply a quiet, safe, peaceful place to stay. Inna	
Jun 3 2004	Great hotel 	Just got back from a 4 night stay at the Commodore hotel in May '04 and we had a wonderful time there. Got a pretty good deal from laterooms website (69 pounds double room per night all taxes/breakfast included). Location is very good, about 5 min walk from Lancaster tube station. Also 10 min walk to Paddington station (many trains depart from here, also the Heathrow express). Very quiet neighborhood. We were very pleasantly surprised with how well the entire hotel is decorated in its Victorian settings (pictures of the Queen Victoria everywhere). Our room was on the 6th floor, despite the small yet function lift and narrow hallways, the room was comfortable yet typical small for london standards. Room was a bit stuffy since no A/C and some oil exhaust from the kitchen would rise up around dinner time. Bed was very good, cable tv and wonderful antique style decor. Bathroom amazing as well. Breakfast was in self serve buffet cold foods with cooked breakfast @ additional charge. They also have a pre-arranged taxi service that will pick you up directly from the hotel to take you to Heathrow for 30 pounds flat rate (great for 2 or more people, since the Heathrow Express is only slightly cheaper and departs from Paddington station). Overall a very nice place and we would stay here again.	
May 14 2004	Hotel with character	I can't believe some of the negative comments about this hotel. I've stayed three times now and it is full of character. Set in a quiet square just five minutes walk from Lancaster Gate tube station, the place has a wonderful charm and ambience. It is clean, the staff are pleasant. OK, the corridors to the rooms are quite narrow, and the lift is small, but the rooms I stayed in were large, well-appointed, clean, and very comfortable. Breakfasts were above average, and for an extra £7.50 the cooked English breakfast - made to order - beats any of the usual self-service fare kept under hot plates in some other hotels! I have always got a good rate from using the Internet and will stay there again.	
Apr 28 2004	Cheap 	I booked the hotel because of the cheap rate (59 GBP for double room incl. tax and breakfast) and the 4*, but the hotel was a bit disappointing´: very small room, poor breakfast, but friendly staff and quiet area, good location. The year before i stayed in St. Giles (near British museum). Altough it was a 3*, the rooms were bigger and beter furnished, but breakfast was self service.	
Apr 23 2004	Do not stay here	DO NOT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES STAY HERE! I booked the hotel under the impression it was a 4* hotel...but i wudnt even give it 2. the bed was uncomfortable, and tiny, you could hardly sit on the couch, the tv channels were in german. the room looked dirty, as did the fake marble-looking bathroom. the corridors and the lift are a JOKE as to how small they are. the only good thing about this hotel is that it has a 11oclock check out that can be extended to 12oclock. for the amount i paid for it...i was bitterly disappointed. ive stayed in many a hotel, and many a 4*hotel as well...however, this hotel, i would NEVER stay in again under ANY circumstances.	
Mar 30 2004	Not terrible	Stayed here on the last night of our European adventure. The hallways and elevator are cartoonishly small, however the room was a very comfortable size (much larger than the rooms at the Holiday Inn, where we stayed earlier in our trip). The bathrooms was beautiful with the exception of the shower curtain, which had a bit of rust at the bottom. My only compliant was with the bedding. The pillows and mattress made me feel as though I was sleeping on a giant marshmallow. If you can handle the squishy bedding, you can't beat the price and location.	
Mar 26 2004	Four star hotel I think not	Do not stay at this hotel. I came with high hopes after viewing pictures of this hotel on the internet. The supposed luxury accomodations etc. I was sorely dissapointed. We stayed in a double standard, which was roomy, with a nice bathroom. The good things end there. The customer service was horrible, especially the receptionist at the front desk, who barely gave us directions to our own room after plopping the keys down in front of us. Our beds were not made, we had to call for towels and blankets several times before they even came. The internet service was not working - and that also took several calls. Prompt service was not a priority for these people. The supposed hotwater maker was rusty and disgusting, the curtain in the shower had a mildew ring. The room was musty and the people who work at this hotel have one thing on their mind: getting money from the customer. The towels in the bathroom looked like they had been in a fight with a tazmanian devil. There is no such thing as genuine, hearfelt customer service here. It's all about hustling a buck. A terrible hotel with staff who could care less about your well being as long as you spend your money on the highly overpriced minibar and $15.00 internet access.	
Mar 8 2004	Would never stay there again!	My husband and I stayed at this hotel in February of '04. The room was small and COLD with no way to regulate the heat. The housekeeping was minimal. The worst, tho, was the shower which burned us each morning as the &quot;mixer&quot; for cold water didn't work. We complained several times but nothing was done. We spoke to the General Manager and the desk clerk about a rate reduction the night before we checked out, which they agreed was reasonable. However when we went to check out the clerk denied all knowledge of the conversation and refused to summon the Manager or discuss a reduction, telling us to write a letter instead. This was the same fellow we had observed denying every guest request and having phone converstaions with irate previous guests. Would never stay here again!	
Mar 3 2004	A Good Choice	I just stayed at the Commodore (Feb '04), and was very happy with my room and the hotel in general. It is conveniently located but tucked back in a quiet, leafy circle with little traffic. The room, halls, elevators, and public areas are mostly very small, which is to be expected in this price range in London. My room (504) was immaculate, the marble tiled bathroom perfect, and there was a lovely private patio with a table and two chairs overlooking the mews in back. The restaurant in the basement looks recently refurbished. There are many low and moderate-priced hotels in this part of London. I'd go back in an instant, especially to this room.	
Feb 28 2004	Enjoyed the Commodore Hotel	We stayed at the Commodore Hotel, 50 Lancaster Gate, London, England for four nights. With all the sights to see, we did not hang around the hotel during the day, we only slept there and enjoyed the breakfast that came with the cost of the room. We paid $124 a night and tax and service fees were not included, so there was an additional $100 added on. Lodging is expensive in London. The room was comfortable. The only problem we had was on the last day when we were left with one towel between the two of us, the housekeeper did not finish making the bed and did not resupply the tea service and we were charged for the mini bar when we did not use it. These little things did not bother us and were dealt with easily. The front desk people were very friendly and helpful. We were able to store our bags for no extra cost at the hotel since we arrived early in the morning and our room would not be available until 2:00 p.m. The breakfast was wonderful, an assortment of cereal, buns, cheese, yogurt, juice and fruit, and the location of the hotel is great especially if you like to walk or run in the morning - the entrance to Hyde park is just across the street. Also, the Tube (we found to be the most efficient way to get around and the seven day pass is the cheapest fare even if you are only staying four days) is just a few blocks walk. There are also bus stops very close by. I would stay there again.	
Feb 15 2004	Great Hotel in my book!	I was very pleased by the Commodore Hotel. I have stayed in cheap London hotels before, and the Commodore was very nice in every respect. The rooms were the biggest I've had in London (though I always stay in cheap places) and the beds were very comfortable. Even the bathroom was big, for an English hotel bathroom. It was all marble and very nice. I was also thrilled to see that my double room also had a sofa! I've never gotten more than a utilitarian desk with my bed... but this room had a nice desk, a decent bed with good linen, and a sofa. For 69# a night, I was extremely satisfied. The tube station is nearby, and the bus station is even closer.	
Jan 29 2004	A great place to stay	My husband and I just returned from London (Jan, 2004) and had the pleasure of staying at The Commodore. The room (an executive double (?) on the ground floor) was very clean though fairly small by American standards. Just a note- the hallways are small but you won't have to climb stairs. There is an elevator to all floors. The large wardrobe had plenty of room to stash our things, and we appreciated the programable safe. They also provided and electric kettle and tea/coffee supplies. There was enough room on top of the wardrobe to stow our two large suitcases which freed up floor space. The room also had a desk (with a hairdryer in the drawer) and chair. The high ceilings made the small room seem a bit bigger. The draperies and lovely chandelier were elegant touches.  The bed (two twins put together to make a king) was firm but comfortable. There were four large, high quality down pillows and a synthetic comforter with a duvet. All in all, it was one of the better hotel beds I've slept on. The bathroom was spotlessly clean-very modern with cultured marble walls and chrome fixtures.  The price of the room included a continental breakfast served downstairs in the restaurant. It featured 6 types of cold cereal, milk, orange and apple juice, yogurt, ham, cheese, croissants, bread, an assortment of jams, and fresh fruit served with tea or coffee. A full english breakfast of eggs, bacon, tomatoes, and baked beans could be purchased for an additional 7.50 pounds. The wait staff was very pleasant. The food was always fresh and attractively presented-far more than I can say for some American hotels I have visited.  The location of the hotel was perfect for sightseeing in London. It was a 5 pound cab ride from the Heathrow Express at Paddington station, 5 minutes walk from the Lancaster Gate tube station, and about 3 minutes from the nearest bus stop (both city buses and tour buses stop there). There was a lovely 300 year old pub, The Swan, just a couple of minutes walk away on Bayswater. The hotel itself is located about a block from Hyde park. The park is easily accessed through Lancaster Gate. The area itself is very quiet and we felt quite safe walking at night. We traveled all over the city and found the location very convenient.  Okay, here are the complaints. Mind you, these are very trivial but I wanted to include everything. The hotel room keys are HUGE. They're attached to a billiard ball type thing and it added to the weight in my backpack. The heated towel rack in the bathroom didn't work until our last day there (it would have been nice to have it operating as it was cold outside). There were only two towels in the bathroom. I'm sure we could have asked for more. There were very few channels on the television. We were out most of the time, but when we did want to watch TV, we had about 4 things to choose from and two of them were news. Also, buy a phone card if you plan to make any phone calls (local or long distance). Their phone rates were very high.  I know I've gone on forever, but I would have appreciated more details when I was looking for a hotel. The hotel staff was very helpful, the room was nice, and the location was good. I would definately recommend The Commodore.	
Jan 19 2004	A Wonderful Hotel!!	My 3 friends and I had a most delightful stay at the Commodore Hotel. We cannot say enough good things about the hotel, staff and service--friendly, efficient, helpful!! Our stay was but 3 nights--we hated to leave but vowed to return to the Commodore the next time we are in London. The location was perfect for our needs and this area was simply a quiet, safe, peaceful place to stay. Thanks to all who made our visit grand and memorable. Judith Burdack	
Nov 10 2003	A great place to stay in London!		
Oct 19 2003	I would not recommend this hotel!		
Oct 13 2003	won't rave but it was not bad		
Oct 3 2003	Much better than the average London hotel for the price.		
Jul 20 2003	Nice Moderate Hotel		
Jul 11 2003	elegant stay		
Apr 22 2003	Don't stay in this hotel		
Apr 2 2003	Very Nice Hotel		
Oct 18 2002	spend a lot of time outside the room!		
Sep 26 2002	The Commodore; the epitome of elegance.		
Nov 26 2009 	Carino		
Oct 18 2009 	Muy bien comunicado		
Oct 1 2009	Varning med ganska bra läge men det finns bättre hotel i närheten.		
Oct 1 2009 	Schönes traditionell eingerichtetes Hotel in guter Lage		
Aug 30 2009 	Bien pero algo de ruido		
Feb 11 2009	accettabile		
Dec 21 2008 	magica londres		
Oct 21 2008 	Correcto y muy bien situado		
Sep 29 2008 	un vero gioiello!!		
May 13 2008 	Bon hôtel		
Sep 25 2007	Consigliato!		
Sep 21 2006	Hotel nicht zu empfehlen		
Apr 3 2006	Gerne wieder!		
