Nov 24 2009 	Friendly Staff	Stayed here for five days in Nov 09. The hotel is an older builidng but the twin bedded room with en suite bathroom was quite adequate. The location was around the corner from the Great Portland Street tube station and a bus stop with several options into Trafalgar and other points. A Sainsburys mini supermarket within a few hundred yards as well as other eateries. The rates were moderate and the bathroom was furnished with fresh towels daily. All in all good value and no more than 5-10 minute bus ride from the main shopping areas of Oxford Circus and Regents Street	
Nov 14 2009 	very friendly	read reviews from the moaning minnies they would not be happy in the ritz or the dorchester.my wife and i stayed there for our ruby wedding and could not have been treated better.from check in to check out nothing was too much trouble and im in a wheelchair and my wife is also disabled.the staff smiled and talked and seemed happy in thier work which made us relax.from meals to getting us a cab to go to shows everything was done with a smile chris saunders	
Nov 7 2009 	Good experience if you are a sound sleeper	My experience was very similar to those posted here. Overall this hotel feels very much as 3 star in decor. The room decor was very holiday innish - old carpet, peeling paint. Water pressure was not so good for either the sink or the shower. The servicle desk was helpful as was the concierge. It was very conveniently located but a little hard to find at first (at least for my my taxi driver). The tours from the hotel went well. I could not get the internet to work. They connected me to a service provider to work through the issues, but I did not want to spend the time so I don't know if I could have gotten it to work. My main complaint is that I was on the 4th floor and the street noise was very loud. It sounded as if there was no walls. So I would recommend it overall if you can sleep through the noise.	
Oct 29 2009 	Great once you get past the Front Desk!'	My wife and I have just returned to the Holiday Inn at Regents Park, London, using up our Priority Club points. We were kept waiting for an incredible length of time on Reception both at Check-in and again at check-out. This Holiday Inn really needs to review its Front Desk. No smiles there! Apart from that the room was great and we really recommend the breakfast. There's a really great Cypriot restaurant two block away called 'The Four Talents'. You could be back in Paphos - marvellous food and really atmospheric.	
Oct 27 2009 	Small expensive rooms	In short, the location is not too bad and that is what you are paying for. It's a 5 minute walk to the bottom of Regent's Park but be warned that if you want to go to London Zoo, it's a further 20 minute walk or a £4 return buss ride.In terms of the hotel itself, it's fairly clean but the rooms are tiny... and I mean tiny. You can touch both sides of the wall in the bathrooms and so if you don't like small places, you will need to avoid. On the plus side, the room had climate control, extra pillows, TV with about 15 channels (including 2 or 3 foreign channels if you are from abroad) and a relatively comfortable bed. The shower isn't great but at least it had hot water. Leave the window open however, and the sound of police and helicopters will keep you up all night!In summary, if you want to shell out an average of £100 per night at it's cheapest rate, don't expect anything special.	
Oct 24 2009 	Avoid this front desk shambles	Standard holiday inn fare in a decent location but two front desk episodes lead me to recommend avoiding this hotel. Firstly my reservation made directly with the hotel appeared to vanish between its confirmation and my arriving at the hotel. An apology and a room would have sufficed but while the room was arranged after a wait, the apology didn't come. Secondly a taxi was arranged with the fromt desk the evening before for 5am to catch a flight. On arrival at the lobby at 5 am there was no record of any taxi having been arranged although a &quot;friend&quot; of the receptionist just happened to be there at that time with his car and he could take me the short distance (3 minutes away) for £15. This I fear is a scam that may be repeated every early morning for all I know. All in all most unsatisfactory.	
Oct 14 2009 	Excellent location for tubes and shopping	This hotel is located just off great Portland street – only a ten minute walk to oxford circus. It’s really close to great Portland street tube and Warren Street. I stayed for two nights on business and would recommend for leisure too. Reception was very professional and breakfast was good quality, but the rooms weren’t great. Mine was very small, the bed was too soft and the shower was more like a trickle. There was a mini fridge and a trouser press. TV channels are very limited. Generally the hotel is good, but you’d expect more for £150 per night.	
Oct 6 2009 	Clean comfortable beds and a great location	The room was not spacious but adequate for a stay of 2 nights. The beds were comfortable and a choice of pillows from the pillow menu was available. There was ample wardrobe and storage space. The all-important electronic safe was provided. The equally important kettle and a supply of teas and coffees were there. The windows were double glazed to keep out street noise. The air conditioning worked and was not noisy. The bathroom was somewhere between small and tiny but it did have a bath with shower over, a wash basin and a WC. The towels were thin and modest in size but at least they were changed daily. The staff were extremely pleasant and helpful and the location could not be improved upon. The buffet breakfast at twelve pounds per person was perfectly okay. It is not The Dorchester but overall is pretty fair value for money.	
Oct 5 2009 	Great hotel location and price!	After reading many negative reviews I began to regret booking this hotel for a weekend away with my husband. However on arrival I was pleasantly surprised. The hotel was large and modern with polite and helpful staff. We were upgraded to an executive room and I have no complaints - the air con worked, the bathroom was clean, the shower was superb and the bed was nice and comfy. We had managed to secure a fantastic rate - £105 for 2 nights room only - and I believe this hotel was more than worth this. We were offered breakfast and when we declined there was no problem. Great Portand Street tube station is only yards away and a walk to Oxford Street is only about 10 minutes. Well done Holiday Inn!!	
Oct 3 2009 	Ugly small rooms	The rooms need urgent refurbishment and when this will take place better to unite two rooms in one because their present space is so tiny that two people hardly could move in the room. One mast sit on the bed while the other is moving. The bathroom was even smaller. It was like a ships’ cabin not a hotel’ room and bathroom. There was an everyday change of towels etc but the duvet cover had a hole and the special surface to put on the suitcase was to dirty. I assume it can’t be cleansed after all those years that its been used. I had pay in advance for my accommodation otherwise I would have left the same moment I entered the ugly tiny room although the hotel is in a perfect position for my interests.	
Sep 28 2009 	It's All About the Location	If you're looking for sumptuous decor, then look elsewhere. This hotel is for those who are simply looking for a good central hotel and don't intend spending all their precious time in London in the confines of their accommodation.I stay in London regularly on business, but this time was looking for a place for a long weekend break. What really surprised me was just how good a location this hotel offers. Only a few minutes walk north of Oxford Circus and even closer to Great Portland Street tube station, yet in quiet residential streets which assure you of a comfortable night's sleep.I'd definitely stay here again as it's a fine hotel with smart public areas, good public transport, very central and with a range of shops, cafes and of course Regents Park on your doorstep.	
Sep 24 2009 	Avoid the breakfast get a deal and it's pretty good	Smart enough hotel on the outside, well lit up, pleasant enough lobby foyer and public areas.The rooms are tired, really very tired, this was a moat house and it shows.The location is superb and calling it regents park is a disservice. It's a short walk from Oxford Circus, a shorter walk from Euston and barely a few steps from the underground at Gt Portland St (Down Bolsover st for 100 yards)Do not pay the rack rate of £250.00 per room per night, it's pure fantasy, pay no more than about £120 +vat and even then you want the breakfast included.Speaking of the breakfast, if you are a fan of stone cold rubber croissants, rubbery sausages, dried up bacon and some of the scabbiest scrambled eggs I have ever seen, then this is the place to pay the best part of $25US to get it! or you can pay about 1/4 of that in a Cafe and get fresh stuff along with non stewed coffee.The area has a few pleasant pubs but is short on restaurants, a supermarket is 30 yards away though.Bizarrely, I liked this area, it is in the shadow of the Post office tower, a short walk to Baker St and erm..... thats it.I'd stay here again given the chance, I just wish they would step up housekeeping and maintenance.	
Sep 20 2009 	If you ignore the 4* and get a good price great location but beware the surcharges	We obtained a room at the Holiday Inn via Priceline and then read the reviews on Trip Advisor and had a lot of fears. However, when we arrived it was better than expected. The rooms are small, charmless and need a touch-up, the lobby is nicely renovated but the building is downright ugly (concrete brutalism from the 1960s). However, it is nicely located near Regents Park and an easy walk t o Marylebone High Street. We took nice morning runs in the park and really enjoyed the area. One thing to avoid are the extremely high surcharges for breakfast and WiFi. You can go to Pret a Manger just around the corner (by Great Portland Street Station) and get free WiFi and a nice breakfast for a few pounds (in fact I'm writing the review from there!). So if you get a good deal ($125 per night + taxes), it is worth it.	
Sep 6 2009 	Average. Basic	We stayed for one night when going to watch a theatre show. The staff were very friendly and helpful bt the room itself was very basic.You dont expect much for the price but I am sure you could get better value in other hotels in London.I dont understand their desire to give you a pillow menu when the ones supplied are perfectly fine and maybe they should spend more time thinking about things like sound proofing the windows and providing complimentary hair conditioner.All in all. Not worth the stay.	
Aug 27 2009 	Great Location poor rooms	I have never written reviews on hotels before but after staying 4 nights at this hotel, I am forcing myself to write this review so that other travellers are warned. I booked this hotel on Priority Club and after reading mixed reviews i took my chances anyway just to save my company a few bucks in these hard times. Although this hotel is listed as 4 star, there is nothing 4 star about it except maybe the Lobby area. The impression of this hotel from the exterior can be described as &quot;Shabby&quot;. Its a 4 story, greyish looking older building in which only the lobby has been truly upgraded. The hallways are small and so are the rooms. I wouldnt have minded the small rooms (this being in London ofcourse) but everything in those rooms was outdated. Furniture condition is poor, wall paper pealing, wooden closets are old and dont shut or open properly. The bathroom is awefully small. Shower head pressure was mediocre. But I will give that the room was clean. The front desk staff does try to sell you breakfast and dinner upon arrival which i made a mistake of getting. The breakfast was OK. You can have better breakfast (cheaper definitely) at Pret M or at Cafe Meze at the Great Portland Street station, a 5 minute walk. The staff is very polite though. Internet access is ridiculous, 15 GBP per night or 6 GBP per hour plus taxes and wireless access was only available if i sat by the window. Had to shut the curtain at night since my window looked directly into another room's window. I have slept on better beds in 4-star Holiday Inns and this hotel is at best 2 star by US standards or 3-star by European standards. Also, I wouldnt pay more than 90-95 GBP per night for this room if i were you. Location of this hotel is great. Maybe the reason for traffic. Oxford street is 15 mins walking, restaurants and bars abt 10 mins. But there are certainly better hotels in and around london for maybe 20GBP per night more. Would i stay here again?? Definitely not. There are better hotels in the vicinity. But the staff is definitely polite I must say.	
Aug 23 2009 	Excellent location but Over-rated	Thankfully we got a really good deal when booking this hotel because otherwise we would have felt pretty ripped off paying their regular rates.We can't complain about the location. It was close to an Underground station &amp; was fairly central to some great spots in London.We can however complain about the service. The rooms were really, really small but apparently that is to be expected for London. They didn't make up our room one day - wasn't a huge deal but there was no excuse for it. The concierge was absolutely no help at all. We wanted to book a tour from a pamphlet provided at the front desk but when asked he said it was too late. The hours said otherwise so we called ourselves - sure enough they were open &amp; happy to book us.Don't buy their breakie. It's super pricey and there is Pret Manger by the Underground with delicious fresh options. And nothing is free. You pay for internet, snacks, etc. but again that is probably typical for the pricey city of London.The hotel wasn't terrible but there is no way it would be rated three and a half stars in North America. Maybe 2.5?...	
Aug 17 2009 	Good location	Good location most sights within a 25 minute walk breakfast is good value	
Aug 12 2009 	Quiet area good location.	We stayed with my husbands points so i don't know how this compares value for money, i would pay about £80-90 a night for the hotel (at a weekend - not inc breakfast).Nice lobby, bar also nice pricey but not as pricey as others £4.99 for a small glass of wine, £4.50 for a single shot of baileys. Didn't eat in the hotel, breakfast was £16.50 each and i refused to pay it.Good location, 2 tubes nearby on different lines, we walked to St Pancras (15 mins), Chinatown (20 mins walk), Oxford Street (10 mins walk). It was also in a quiet location, not like some hotels with people screaming on the streets below and traffic noise.Rooms were spottless and the room itself was average size for London, tea coffee making facility, tv, couldn't complain (no iron though).My only issues were small bathroom and i mean small, you walked in and the door swung about 1cm from the toilet bowl, you put your arm on the sink to go to the toilet and you left would be rubbing the bath. I can't stress how small, OK for one person, but even i struggled to get in, and close the door behind me. Of you were overweight or pregnant or with any disabilities you would not be able to use it! I'm sure they have other rooms, you would have to ask. The other issue was the bed, i think they typically have one person per room (in the week), so the bed was really comfy one side(hubby's side) and the other side obvsiouly not been slept on and i felt like i was sleeping on a slope all night, terrible nights sleep, i would have asked to move if we were staying a 2nd night.Overall good location, quiet and clean.	
Aug 11 2009 	Nice Hotel in Central London	The hotel is close to Regent's Park and a few underground stations, which is a nice neighborhood if you are travelling in London. You could also walk for 10 minutes and get to Oxford Street to go shopping. The hotel itself is small, but considering that it is London, you would appreciate the fact that they have a generous lobby and relatively big room. The bathroom is very clean, with plenty of towels. Stuff like shampoo and toothpaste is also provided daily. The TV is small and old, though. There was no view from my hotel room, and I don't think the view would be great anyway... There is a small Sainsbury store right downstairs, so if you'd like something to eat or drink , it is convenient. A breakfast was included in my room rate, but I woke up super late because of the jet lag, so too bad I didn't get to eat it... Overall it is a hotel great for solo travellers, friends travelling and business.	
Aug 11 2009	Hotel ok great location	I stayed at Holiday Inn for 4 days during the month of may. I had a smoking room, it was ok, clean but the furniture was quite old (the arms of the arm-chair were scratched).The food - I only had breakfast and it was good.Anyway, the location is fantastic;)	
Aug 10 2009 	2 star hotel with delusions of 3 and 4 stars	This hotel, Holiday Inn at Regents Park, was about the worst hotel I have ever stayed at for this price range. I expected the rooms to be small, but this was rather ridiculous – there was literally no way for one person to get around the other while standing on the floor; one of us had to get on the bed to let the other pass. The bathroom is so small that you are unable to sit straight on the toilet because the sink is in the way and you have to lean to the side to sit down! On two occasions, the cleaning crew neglected to leave any toilet paper and we had to call for it – most days, the toilet was never really fully cleaned. On two other occasions, the sheets were not changed; just the beds were made up again. They forgot our wakeup calls on 5 separate occasions. Of the 3 elevators, only one was working during our entire 2-week stay there. The staff were not trained well at all; one owlish fellow just looked at us when we asked questions; the night manager was condescending to the extreme, and on one funny occasion, I had to show the concierge how to place a call to my kids room; the fellow had no idea how to make an internal call to a hotel room. Finally, the hotel surcharge bill had to be revised as it contained a bunch of bogus mini-bar charges. I should mention that local calls (to London) were charged at a hefty price (one pound for the first minute, and then 50p thereafter), and it cost even more to call a cell number in London (2.5 pounds for the first minute). On the good side (not many), the hotel is ideally located (very central), but then again, so are about a dozen others. The food was OK, the few times we had room service.	
Aug 8 2009 	It was just OK - not a 4 star hotel	My husband and I were given a smoking room at first since they didn't have any non-smoking available. The room was horrible! It looked old, unclean, and the furniture was falling apart! The worst part was the smell! We only had to bear it for one night because they moved us to a non-smoking room the next day, so we were actually pleased with the service they provided. Our new room could be described as average. It was a lot better than the first room but it still did not seem like a 4 star hotel to us. This was definitely a 3 star hotel. As for the location of this hotel, we weren’t very pleased. It is close enough to the tube, but not the underground line we preferred. We always had to walk to the Warren Street tube which worried us a bit during the night. We always walked along Euston Street since it was a main street and although it wasn't very busy during the night, it was safe enough. We usually had to pack our things in the morning and wouldn't get back to the hotel until night time. It was too much trouble to come back to it during the day. Next time we will stay at a hotel closer to the city center and attractions. Besides all the negatives, we couldn't complain about the service. Our room change was given without any hassle. We frequently requested cabs in the morning and they were always on time. We had friendly wake-up calls. Overall, the service was good. The hotel was a good 3 star hotel.	
Aug 5 2009 	Starting as nightmare-ending ok	First of all at the check in i had ask for a smoking room and they gave as a room that was smelling even inside the closet!I was in a shock the minute i went in to the room!I couldnot breath inside the room,it felt very dirty!So i went down to the reception to complain.She said to me that all smoking rooms were like this!!I asked for a non smoking room to avoid all this smelling atmosphere and they send as to a room with urine on the toilet seat,dirty showertube,i am sure that the bathroom was not cleaned!Icalled the cleaning lady who was at the hallway that moment and asked her kindly to clean the toilet. She said the urine was just water and she took it away with a towel she was holding!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!and gone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!After that i went for the third time to the reception and asked again to change room.Our last room was ok and with a clean toilet.And it was every day clean and tidy maybe becouse it was in another floor and there was another cleaning lady.Breakfast was very good and location also good becouse the hotel is near the metro station.	
Jul 26 2009 	Fair quality hotel in a good location	I got this hotel when I bid on Priceline for two nights I and was pleasantly surprised by the outcome. Although the hotel doesn't really have many 'wow' factors, it does offer clean and comfortable accommodation in a very convenient location, just a 4-5 minutes walk from two Tube stations and 10 minutes walk from Oxford Street. Yet despite its convenience, the actual area it's in is fairly quiet. Out of curiosity I did decide to try the breakfast on one of the mornings I was there and found they had a good selection of hot and cold options. At £16.59 this was expensive compared to the local cafes but not too bad by hotel standards, and I believe I could have got it slightly cheaper if I'd bought a voucher in advance. There is a small Sainsbury's a couple of minutes walk away, so on my first morning I had a picnic breakfast in Regents Park for about £3!One small problem was that I found my key card wouldn't work on the second day and when I made enquiries at the desk they said they thought I was only staying for one night. It turned out that when I had first checked in they confused me with someone else. I had not originally shown my Priceline printout because the receptionist did not ask for it and I assumed she had the details on the screen she was looking at. The matter was sorted out fairly quickly, but the moral is always to show your booking printout even when they don't ask for it, especially if you have quite a common surname. This advice would apply to any hotel, of course.I am giving the hotel 4/5 because of the good rate I got through Priceline. Had I paid twice as much more (as I could have) and I wasn't in a very good mood, I think a 3/5 would have been more likely. Having said that, if you can get a rate under £100 a night I would say it's worth giving this place a try.	
Jul 25 2009 	Conveniently Located To The Tube!	I pricelined (priceline.com) a deal for a 4 star place in London and ended up here. The outside of the building can give you a terrible impression, but the inside was really nice and put together. There always seemed to be an event going on in the large conference rooms right off the lobby. The location was perfect! Between two different tube stations that both had different lines going to all parts of the city. Walking down towards Oxford street was lots of fun and we passed so many places that looked tasty to eat at. We ended up being upgraded (unknowingly) to an executive room. It was really nice and very clean. The bed was super comfortable which is rare in Europe. My inlaw's did not get upgraded and their room was noticeably shabbier but had all the same amenities. If you are all bothered by light construction noise, ask to be put NOT on the backside of the hotel. They are building a condo building and it could disturb you if you do not close the windows. With the windows shut, you can't hear a thing. The construction looks like it will last another 6 months till it is finished. Three minor complaints:- They rip you off for internet. 15 pounds for 24 hours is a ridiculous rate! But we had to pay it since we're the kind of traveler that mixes working on business with pleasure. - The elevators weren't working properly and many people were complaining. We ended up having to take the stairs in the morning along with lots of other guests. - The concierge arranged for a private car to take us to Gatwick airport and insisted in would only take 45 minutes. Well, it takes at least 30 minutes longer then that and we almost missed our easyjet flight. We had to cut in security lines and run thru the airport as fast as could to make it. We also felt a little ripped off at the price of 65 pounds. It's got its plusses and minuses, but you get what you get when you book only one week in advance. The hotel bar is great too and doesn't close till late late late in the early morning.	
Jul 19 2009 	Not a 4 Star	First of all, I just wrote a glowing review of the Novotel Effiel in Paris, so I'm not one of those people that slam hotels for no reason or have unrealistic expectations. That being said, this Holiday Inn, AT BEST, is a 3 star. There is nothing 4 star about it. Lobby is tiny, beds are cheap and small, there are no views at all, room service is bad, with a very limited 24/7 menu, there is a persistent smell in the hallways, ceilings in all areas are so low they're claustrophobic, and the mini bar has one of those pressure sensor things so you can't put your own stuff in it. The rooms are extremely small, and the decor is old and worn. The bathroom is equally dated, and tiny. I don't know how this property could possibly be rated a 4 star. I only paid about $130 a night on priceline, but I would have gladly paid an extra $70 a night for a true 4 star. That's how bad it was. My recommendation would be to stay elsewhere unless you can stay here for less than $100. And then, don't expect anything more than a 2*.	
Jul 8 2009	Central hotel a little gem!	Stayed here with my 11 year old daughter on a weekend break. Centrally located, 5 mins walk from Tube station. Wonderful food, staff couldn't do enough for us. Highly recommended	
Jun 29 2009 	Very good not amazing. But very good."	I stayed here from June 16 to the 19th for leisure with my friend. The hotel is all of a block away from the tube station which is a major relief. And while the n'hood is rather quiet and plain, it comes in handy when you trying to get some rest from the hustle and bustle. Our room was very clean, plenty of fresh towels, and clean linens. Th check in was very speedy as well. The staff even helped me find some good clubs. Keep in mind that there is construction being done on one side of the hotel, so you might want to request to be on another side. And if you need ice like myself, you got to go to the bar downstairs. True their maybe better but this place was very god.	
Jun 28 2009 	What a gem! Fantastic!!!	I have just returned from a 3 night stay. I travelled with my mother for one day of business and the rest leisure. I have never received better service, not even in a 5* hotel. The location, accomodation, staff, amenities, service were all excellent. A walk away from the heart of everything. The rooms had everything you may require, if you needed anything the staff were happy to help and deliver in any way they could. The breafast was the best I have ever had, and this was consistant. My only slight cristicism would be that the rooms are rather compact and small and more information for travelling would be beneficial.We are so impressed that we will be returning without a doubt. A tip - we booked through teletext and it was £130 cheaper, per night, than booking direct or on the internet - we paid £75 per night for Bed and Breakfast !!Fabulous!!!!!!! 10/10	
Jun 27 2009 	Good enough for Award Night stay	I am fortunate enough to have a few award nights saved up. I booked online thru Priority Club website. I did not expect to be able to gat a room on 1 day notice. The hotel was ordinary but in a decent lacation regarding access to London transportation. True the hotel is set back from the busier raodways and has no real view but adjcent buildings. I thought the staff was helpful for my needs and offered some good advice for using the outside telephone booth instead of in room phones for long distance calls. I needed to call credit card companyon their toll free number but was told I would still be Charged excessively. High Speed internet available for a fee. Seems most amenities are extra charge.	
Jun 27 2009 	Disgusting	This hotel was a disgrace. Yes; the rooms were tiny etc. but there had been no effort to effectively clean anywhere even to a satisfactory standard (urine on toilet seat, hair everywhere no not exact being picky about minute detail. The place smells putrid and the staff couldn&quot;t care less. When I asked about an adapter plug she said they were all being used by other guests but could not be bothered to point out that they were also sold in vending machines in the hotel. First thing I did after I left the hotel was get a shower somewhere else. Even if you have a great trip to London, this dirty hovel will still leave a stain on your whole experience and my advice is certainly to try and get in the cheapest Ibis/Travelodge etc. as that will be infinitely better and much cheaper.	
Jun 23 2009 	Even a Travelodge would be better	To be quite honest I'd rather stay at a Travelodge than this hotel. The rooms are similarly basic but I wouldn't have paid the best part of £150 for the privilege.From it's cramped lobby to the tiny rooms with well-worn furnishings this hotel was disappointing, not least in that labeling it &quot;regents park&quot; is totally misleading.It's a drab building of grey concrete slabs, down a back street just off Marylebone Road with zero views and zero personality. Check in was efficient enough but for the first time in any of the chain's hotels, no recognition of my Platinum Priority Club status and no offer of any upgrade or Priority Club benefits.There are much better quality and located hotels for the same price in London. Give them your hard-earned cash.	
Jun 2 2009 	Do not let staff call you a Taxi!!	My impression of the hotel (which until then I found adequate) was ruined as I departed. At checkout the staff insisted (quite aggressively) to call the taxi for us. We were planning on taking the train to Heathrow and just need the taxi the mile or so to Paddington station. They convinced us to take a cab to the airport based on the combined price of the train and the taxi to the station. Our cab driver informed us that they set the prices and that we should have called ourselves. He would normally charge 35 pounds for the trip, but the hotel set the price based on what they thought we would pay (55 pounds in our case, 65 for the couple after us). Of course, they also set the price of the cab to the train station absurdly high so we would chose to take the cab to the airport instead of the train. I don't appreciate being scammed in the name of &quot;customer service.&quot; POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE.	
Jun 1 2009 	Very nice hotel in a great location	I have just returned from a 2 night weekend stay at the hotel, booked via the Priority Club on a &quot;Two nights for the price of one&quot; basis. The hotel is in a great location, just a couple of minutes stroll from Gt. Portland St tube station or about a 15 minute walk from Euston. There are some nice cafes / bars / restaurants all nearby to the hotel - we ate one night at an Italian round the corner called 'Conchiglia' - on Great Titchfield Street (Corner to Clipstone Street, Great Portland Street) which served lovely food at reasonable prices. On the next corner there is a lovely smaller restaurant / bar - didnt eat here but sat in the sun outside with a nice bottle of wine, served with complimentary crisps, popcorn &amp; nuts! For breakfasts there is a little place 'Cafe Meze' right next to Gt Portland St tube which serves a very tasty full english breakfasts for about £5 amoungst lots of other things. We didnt eat in the Hotel so I can't comment on what their food was like (the restaurant looked nice though)....the drinks were on the expensive side but you would expect this at any Hotel bar.The hotel staff were friendly and helpful and we were able to check in as soon as we arrived even though it was before 2pm. They forgot our paper the first day but to be honest we would not of had time to read it! We did mention this to reception and they made sure we had one delivered the following morning.The rooms in the hotel are small - but this is London - you expect that! They were not tiny though &amp; there was a double bed with side tables, a double wardrobe (with free safe), a desk and a coffee table in ours &amp; still plenty of room to move about. There was a minibar fridge in the room along with tea &amp; coffee facilities - we had upgarded to executive level so we also got 4 free bottles of water &amp; 2 kit kat chunky bars! Along with nice big bathrobes! The rooms were very modern &amp; tastefully decorated. Very clean too - even the shower curtain looked brand new! Maid service was daily with fresh towels provided. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who doesnt want to be right in the middle of the hustle &amp; bustle of london but wants easy access to it if required whether it be by walking 10 mins down the road towards Oxford St or jumping on the tube. Regents Park is about a 10 minute walk away in the other direction, well worth a walk to especially if the weather is nice.	
May 30 2009 	it's not 4 star !!!	hii,we, me and my colleagues, stay in this hotel for exebition on may 09 for a week.the hotel is located at the best place near to oxfort street and near by there is a lot of bars and resturants. but.... the rooms are all same and very very samll !!! we can't even moov in the room in the same time.the brakefast was very standart. the price for internet are 15 pound for 24 h....the service in the lobby is not frandly and thay don't help you to get a place for the evening....the taxi drivers help you a lot more...search another hotel to stay in london !!!!	
May 29 2009 	incredibly small bed....	I booked this as a secret 4 star hotel to stay 2 nights. .We had been away for a month's holiday and were looking forward to seeing our daughter (who lives in London) before finally returning to Ireland. Arrived from our 11 hour flight and trip in from Gatwick to be told we couldn't check in until at least 2 o'clock. So went to the bar to have a coffee and keep our eyes open! Finally got to our room to discover this tiny bed... well in this day and age I consider an old fashioned double 4 ft 6 inch bed to be unreasonably small in a modern hotel. I measured its width with my luggqge strap and went down to reception to ask why we had such a small bed and was curtly told that all the beds were the same size in the hotel! We had suspected that our room was for a single disabled person as the bathroom had hand rails &amp; emergency pull cords everywhere and the loo was an extraordinary height..as was the wash basin !! But no this was a standard room according to the female behind the desk!!! My husband had caught some kind of flu/fever during our flight and really didn't feel well so just wanted to go to bed. However he is 6 ft 4 and found the bed too small.. even when he was on his own in it! I went back down to reception explained the situation (his height and his flu!) and requested extra bedding so that I could sleep on the floor saying that neither of us would sleep if the two of us had to share this small bed. Her whole attitude was that I was an annoying inconvenience. However the bedding was delivered up to our room and I settled onto the floor seething at this definitely not 4 star treatment. By contrast, a month earlier we had stayed out by Gatwick airport (less than a five minute taxi journey from the airport) the night before we flew out to Cuba. Had only booked the hotel that day and only paid £59 for the room... so was very pleasantly surprised to find we had a king size bed and there was also a decently sized single in the room . This was a well known chain who have no pretensions at 4 stars, but would be preferable to stay in than the Holiday Inn near Regent's Park!The only good experience at this hotel was the concierge who was charming and very helpful.	
May 27 2009 	Weekend Wedding	Got this double room on Priceline £61 plus tax for two people per night, so can't complain about that. Decent area, safe and convenient for tubes and Oxford Street, also quiet. Good restaurants around and right opposite a small Sainsburys. The room was clean, bed ok, double glazing, nice bathroom until the cold water tap broke over the bath and I couldn't stop the water, but nice guy came and then Duty Manager, they managed to stop the water by removing the tap, offered us another room, but as this was our last night didn't bother. Staff friendly. Excellent storage parking, cost £27.00 to leave our car in safe carpark from Saturday morning until Monday 10.00 a.m. provided we didn't use it.Only downside, breakfast was not included and it usually costs about £17.00 but you can pay just over £10.00 for it. Had it first morning but to be honest not worth it, tasted like powdered eggs, tea in mugs, staff not very attentive. Second day went and had all day breakfast for £4.50 locally which was really good. On the whole though a good stay.	
May 25 2009 	Great Hotel in good location	I have just stayed, with my brother and his wife, over the May bank holiday weekend. I recently stayed in The Holiday Inn Tiberias Israel but this hotel couldn't have been more different!! This hotel had lovely clean rooms and bathrooms, nice public areas and a great staff!! The breakfasts were superb - hence one could 'stock up' before a long day tramping the streets of London. A throughly enjoyable stay!!! Thanking you	
May 21 2009 	You get what you pay for!	Stayed four nights in January on a cheapie deal from Hotwire.Room shabby but clean. Not the amenities of a ****; ** would be more accurate. I was paying a ** price so can't complain.Internet expensive and slow.Breakfast overpriced - instead go to Starbucks or Tesco nearby.Convenient location to Tube &amp; buses.Sunday morning had a real fire - hundred of guests out in the street with no direction or explanation. Later found it was a deep fat fryer in the kitchen.Can't recommend unless you have a bargain rate.-lusophile	
May 18 2009 	No service staff don't care and a bad breakfast.	Was taken to London by a friend as a treat and she booked us into this hotel. Rooms were damp and the whole corridor smelled of cigarette smoke, even thought we asked for a non smoking room. Asked to moved rooms but reception said all the floors were like that!Breakfast overpriced and hot food had been sat there for hours.Really disapointing stay as I expected so much more from a Holiday Inn.	
May 18 2009 	Excellent location for the theatre!!	My mum and i have just returned from a 2 night stay at the holiday inn. We paid £160 for 2 people for 2 nights a very good price in London. The room was small, but very clean and had everything you need for a stay in london. You only use the room to sleep and change! The breakfast may seem steep at £10.50 but the food was lovely and fresh. There were excellent choices of tea, fresh coffee, pastries, cereal, fresh fruit and yoguart, cooked breakfast, toast and fresh juices. The waitress kept our mugs full of hot drinks and were lovely and polite. We went to see haorspary on friday night and sister act on sat both excellent shows. The palladium theatre was within a 20 min walk from the hotel where we saw sister act and excellent show!! The sreet the hotel is on is next to a local sainsburys and tesco but on a lovely quiet street so you don't get the noise of the hustle and bustle that is london. I have just booked to go back in a few months for another theatre break!!	
May 10 2009 	not up to expectations	I'd definitely expected more after my stay at the other Holiday Inn (Bloomsbury). Shows that you can't really rely on hotel chains. Everything was just not quite right (not sure if the towels were really clean), definitely for the price you pay and the four stars. It looked like it needed a refurb. Something I find important: croissants...they were tasteless.	
May 1 2009 	Basic but perfect location and perfect staff	The hotel's room was very basic but very clean and the staff of the whole hotel was really helpful and nice. The breakfast very good but the best part of it was the hotel's position. 0.5 -1 minute to the underground station and 10 minute walk to oxford street and picadilly!!	
Apr 20 2009 	Good 35 star hotel	We stayed here for 4 nights Easter 2009. It is expensive time so we made a great deal on Hotwire. We had two interconnecting rooms in non-smoking floor just as asked. The rooms were good sized for London and the beds very comfortable. The hotel was clean and reasonably well located for us. We walked to tube stations on Warren and Great Portland street and sometimes we walked down to Oxford Street. The staff was friendly an efficient, we checked in an out in very quickly. I would stay here again if I got a good price, it is 3,5 star hotel and I would not stay here if I expect 4-star hotel. I think the most important things for me were fulfilled here: good bed and linen, clean rooms and bathrooms, good A/C and good location. Our rooms faced inner yard and the rooms were incredibly quiet.	
Apr 11 2009 	Nice basic hotel near Regents Park	This hotel was a nice Holiday Inn, with larger sized clean rooms, in a good location and with good service. The hotel is located near the south end of Regents Park, and is within walking distance (30 minutes) of the theater district and shopping district. There were two underground stations within 3-5 minute walk (Great Portland Street and Warren Street stations). The area was quiet at night. There were lots of restaurants in the area within a 3-5 block radius. The room was basic and clean, with all the amenities you would expect. The room and bathroom were quite big, compared to the much smaller rooms in hotels that we have previously visited in the UK. We had a package deal, and breakfast was included each day. There were a large variety of breakfast items, it was quite good. Overall, this was a nice, basic hotel with larger than average rooms and a good location.	
Apr 6 2009 	Enjoyable stay and friendly staff	Just back from a two night stay, Booked through the priority club on a B&amp;B basis. I read the reviews before hand so didn't really know what to expect. We had a great stay overall, rooms were small but very clean and comfy...tea coffee making facilties, hairdryer, iron , mini bar.. Small touches like water and a bar of chocolate. Breakfast was excellent plenty of fruit, cereals and hot stuff.The staff were great, really friendly and helpful and respectful....bar prices a bit steep but then it's london. My parents had a pre theatre meal the only complaint was there was too much to eat !! The bar area was very relaxing and welcoming.The hotel is about 10 mins from Oxford street tube and the shops and 5 mins from Great Portland tube street and Regents park....... very handy ...there are lots of pubs and restarants en route. Got itckets for the theatre ( last minute. com 60% cheaper than the normal ticket websites, my parent got the 3rd row ) Would recommend this hotel, ok it might not be really posh but great value for money and the staff made it !!!	
Apr 3 2009 	Time for a refurb	I have stayed at this hotel a number of times over the years, its a great location for Regents Park, Oxford Street,Soho and the West End and the staff here are brilliant, friendly,courteous and efficient. But it really is time to update the rooms,the lounge, and the restaurant. The furniture in my room needed placing in a jumble sale, likewise the chairs and tables in the lounge, bar area, and could you please make the whole hotel non smoking I felt as if I'd smoked 10 cigarettes walking along the corridor to my room past the smoking rooms.	
Mar 27 2009 	Great Deal But not Four Stars	After making a very low bid, Priceline assigned me this hotel having rated it four stars. It is a good, clean and reasonably well located property, but not a four star hotel. They should have rated it three and a half stars. My savings though were not as big as I thought, but still a great deal. It is run of the mill Holiday Inn, maybe a bit more upscale than the ones in the US, but the amenities are similar. The rooms are of a good size (for London at least) and the beds are comfortable. Internet is very overpriced but there is a good alternative by the YHA (Youth Hostel) on Bolsover Street, two blocks south. The that YHA also has a great breakfast deal (continental) and other meal deals, which includes WiFi access for 60 minutes. There is a Sainsburys nearby and plenty of restaurants. It is very accessible to at least four Tube stops. The lobby is a bit dated. Overall a good stay, but not what I expected as it regards to a four star property.	
Mar 26 2009 	Typical Hoiday Inn	We stay in Holiday Inns a fair bit and this is as you'd expect; clean, comfortable, good staff and definitely a top of the range 3 star. Check-in was quite slow but only because there were two guests in front checking-in who seemed to think they were staying at the Ritz, demanding this and that. Room was spacious, spotless and the bathroom and shower were the same. Concierge very helpful and there was no problem storing baggage at the beginning and end of our stay. The hotel is a 2 minute walk from Great Portland St tube and about 5-10 from Regents Park tube, it's near to Regents park (as the name suggests) and about a mile from Marylebone mainline. Didn't use the restaurant but the bar was OK, if a little pricey; £6 for a glass of house red. If you get a discounted price, stay here.	
Mar 15 2009 	Not a 4 star	I just got back from 5 nights at the hotel. Many people would not like the location because it is a little far from the main attractions. However, I liked having strolls and lunch in Regent's Park so much that I might stay in the area again. The British Museum is about a 20 minute walk away. The staff at the hotel were very friendly. However, the hotel was advertised on Priceline as a 4 star, and it wasn't. The rooms were a little shabby, smelled of smoke in non-smoking rooms, and had many little things not working properly, such as broken lights and a broken lock on the door. I didn't get my wakeup call on my morning to leave either. Don't use the internet! It was overpriced and both computers had problems. I didn't eat there but the food looked tasty. I've traveled many times to London, and it was one of the lower quality hotels I've stayed in--but certainly not terrible. I'd recommend not paying over 100-120 USD, including tax, for this hotel if you choose to stay.	
Mar 15 2009 	Excellent location good room (but bad business center)	Good location for this hotel, ideal for people who want to stay in the center of London. Count about 15 minutes by foot to Oxford Circle or to the British Museum. Rooms have an adequate size, and the staff is fine.The only problem is the &quot;business center&quot;: two old computer which connect very slowly to the internet... for 3 pounds per 15 minutes! Wi-fi is available, but costs 15 pounds for 24 hours - simply ridiculous prices... After complaining to the staff about that, I was told that another company is in charge of those computers. I called them, but they were not helpful at all. Finally, I paid for an internet connexion I couldn't use...Apart of that, I would recommend that hotel, also because it has good bus and subway connexion nearby.	
Feb 27 2009 	Clean modern bright excellent location	My husband, two year old son and I just got back to Canada from a weekend in London. We stayed at the Alhambra Hotel for the first night and then at this hotel for the second two nights. We staying here for free because of a British Airways promotion. After staying at the Alhambra Hotel, this Holiday Inn was a delight. The whole hotel was very clean. The hallway had some wear, but they were painting and working on it while we were there. Our room was very clean and spacious. For London, the room seemed very large. There was plenty of room for a cot (pack and play) for my son. The restaurant was nice looking, but I thought the food liked pretty greasy. I ended up only having continental breakfast. There was plenty of cereal, toast, fruit and pastries. My husband liked the breakfast. He had eggs, bacon, sausage, beans and the &quot;continental&quot; breakfast I had. The staff in the restaurant and at the desk were very efficient and helpful. They were very nice to my son especially. The location was excellent. It is very close to two tube stations: Great Portland Street and Warren Street. Warren Street station is only a few stops away from Buckingham Palace and the House Parliament area. If you have lots of time, you could probably walk to most locations. We were only in London for a couple of days, so we took the tube mostly.Internet access was not free. I had to pay 10 pounds for wireless internet access. I needed it for some work I needed to do while I was there, or else I would have not paid for it. Overall, it was what I expected, very similar to other Holiday Inns I have stayed at in North America.	
Feb 22 2009	Nice rooms and great breakfast	First of all please note the date of stay!!we booked this hotel as part of a package with train travel and theatre tickets. we found the hotel very comfortable and on par with many of the major chain hotels we have stayed at in and round london over the years. No the hotel was not luxury but it was clean tidy and tastefuly decorated.We foound the hotel to be further away than we had anticipated of the west end but public transport in the area is good (10min walk to kings x, 2 min walk to either of the closest tube stations).Excellent breakfast and pleasant staff; however I would not have paid the full price advertised in the hotel itself for a nightly rate. £200 ish!! (We paid less than that for two nights).	
Feb 20 2009 	Brilliant Stay!!!	Me and my partner travelled to Holiday inn from Cheshire as a long weekend break away.we were very pleased with the hotel and was in a conveniant location. the staff were very helpful during and prior to the stay. As i contacted the hotel through e-mail about directions to get from Euston Station to the hotel. We were upgraded to an executive Suite which was very comfortable and cosy. Only one negative side, was eating in the restaurant was slightly expensive however the portions were HUGE and compensated for the price. Breakfast was very nice and suppiled more than was needed, and had excellent service from staff who were always on hand to supply more tea and coffee.Overall we had a brilliant stay and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves and would come back to this hotel again.	
Feb 17 2009 	Not bad but I have stayed in better Holiday Inns.	I, my wife and a couple of friends of ours stayed in Holiday Inn Regent's Park from 6 to 9 of Feb. Had two rooms and as I said in the title, overall the hotel is not bad but I have stayed in better Holiday Inns over the last few years. The location is very good. Very close to a tube station (Great Portland Street), only 10 min. walk to Oxford Street or Regent's Park, small restaurants and Starbucks very near the hotel. For an extended weekend like, ours was a great place to stay. We had 2 smoking rooms in the 2nd floor. The hotel did not seem crowded, so it was nice and quite. Check in was quick and friendly, everything seemed OK by then. But the rooms were quite small. I don't know if it was my idea, but all the other HI that I have stayed had bigger rooms. The room though had all the amenities that you would expect (coffee maker, iron board, hair dryer). The bathroom was also small but seemed clean. The sheets also smelled and felt clean so apart from size everything else was OK. Breakfast was nice, hot, with all the goodies that you find in hotels. Breakfast is taken in The Junction Restaurant, the food of which we tried one night and it was quite good.  Overall it was OK. If you ask me if I would stay again, I would tell you yes for the location, but I would maybe try something else next time. If someone is thinking of going, I would say do, there is nothing that can make me tell you don't go!	
Feb 17 2009 	Good Hotel	Considering the superior hotels and their high prices as well as the many affordable but unpleasant hotels in London, this is a pretty good place. Check in was a git slow.I stayed in a single room which was on the small end. It's fine if you are only going to use the room to sleep at night. If you want to work in the room and spend quality time, the single room is not for you. I booked the room at an exceptional promotional rate at 65GBP, so really cannot complain about the size.Bathroom is a bit dated but not poor quality. Old TV in the room. No iron as listed. I requested one and never showed up. Location is fine. Close to two subway stations and buses run almost 50m from the hotel towards Oxford Circus. There's a cafe nero near by for a quick breakfast or coffee.Overall, it is a good hotel without any luxury.	
Feb 16 2009 	Quiet with a good location	Location is great. Close to 3 tube stations, but walkable to most of Central London. On a quiet side street.  The hotel is an updated Holiday Inn, similar to HI's everywhere. We found the room small, but adequately sized for two of us to stay one week. Not much drawer space, but enough shelves and hanger space to make up the difference. The windows opened, the temperature controls worked, and the room was very quiet. The bed was a bit firm. Bathroom was small, but well planned with enough counter space for both of us. The towel warmer kept the bathroom a little on the too warm side, but I suppose it was nice having warm towels. The window looked out on an internal &quot;courtyard&quot;, so no view. I found the employees to he helpful. I did not eat or drink at the hotel, so I can't offer opinions on those options.  If, like us, you want a decent place to sleep after long days of walking, this is a good option. Especially if you get a good rate, like we did through Hotwire.	
Feb 16 2009 	Nice Hotel Good Price	I got this hotel through a blind bidding process on Priceline. As always it's a hit or miss proposition. In this case it was a hit. It is a very conveniently located hotel with a grocery chain &quot;quick-stop&quot; just across the street, which helps tremendously to save money! The room itself is a typical UK style, small, compact. The room is clean and quiet! The staff are all friendly and helpful.Great breakfast with full spread and real coffee.	
Feb 14 2009	Good stay at hotel	The hotel looks a bit brutal on the outside but it is modern and inviting inside. There were only smoking rooms available when I arrived but I was found a single non-smoking room. This room was smallish but the bed was large for a single bed, about half way between a single and a double. The decoration in the room was good but the bathroom looked a little &quot;shabby&quot; - mainly the tileing and the woodwork. The cost of wifi at £15 oper night and only available in the lobby was expensive and inconvienient so I didn't bother.	
Feb 2 2009	mouse	Just wanted a weekend away with a friend after a illness. We booked in for 2 nights. I have stayed at other holiday inns and have always been very happy. We booked in on friday afternoon. The staff very friendly. Room very small and not too clean. The bathroom very small. Towels didn't smell fresh. We booked in an non smoking room. but only to find we were near smoking rooms and the smoke was very strong even in our room. We also smelt, well how can I put it , someone smoking &quot;pot&quot; it was very very strong. this was early evening after returning later that evening the smell and smoke was still there! We went to bed my friend got up about an hour later to find a MOUSE runnning across the bedroom! It was a nightmare. In the morning we were moved to other room, and I complained also about the smell and the smoking and they were aware of it told that the people smoking &quot;pot &quot;have been asked to leave that morning! That night we were so frigtened, as we HATE MICE we didn't sleep that night either for fear it may happen again. To end the weekend nicely as we were leaving the c/maid was washing cups in sink and drying them on a towel- disgusting! Never again will I stay in a holiday inn. Since returning I have complained to customer services only to be told there is nothing more that can be done as I wasn't charge for the night with the MOUSE! Really good customer relations!!! It spoilt our whole weekend, no sleep on both nights and I feel disgusted that it wasn't taken seriously.	
Jan 21 2009 	Have stayed in better	We were attending a conference which was at the hotel so I compared the direct prices with other hotels around. They turned out to be quite competative so I took the plunge and booked direct. What I failed to notice was that the prices did not include VAT. Never mind as that was the least of the worries. The initial room that we were given can only be described as Tired, which was suprising for a hotel in this chain and location. Avoid room 608 as it is close enough to the workings of the lifts that they keep you awake all night with a constant &quot;whirring&quot; noise. The bathroom door did not close, and I do like my privacy! Lastly there had obviously at some point been an issue with access to the room, the door had clearly been forced and had damaged the wall. Repairs were very crude. I did not feel to safe.We then moved to another room on the 4th floor, which was much nicer than the first,but still not what you would expect, but we did get a good nights sleep. Breakfast was included and not too bad although I have had better. Not sure that I would rush to stay again as there are so many hotels within the immediate area that in my opinion are nicer.	
Jan 7 2009	OK for one night but chaotic breakfast	In the end I got a good rate booking directly via the hotel website with breakfast included after trawling though loads of hotels on lastminute.com.The room was as expected - clean &amp; comfortable with a basic bathroom. Our room was on the 6th floor. The lifts objected to more than 3 people &amp; we had to get out twice as the overweight sign came on!Breakfast was chaotic - I can understand that 9am is a busy time but surely this must happen every day &amp; shouldn't be a surprise to the hotel. Lots of people were getting up from their tables to accost harassed staff to ask for things - spoons, more tea &amp; coffee, jam, butter, when would pastries be available etc. I must say the staff were patient &amp; helpful but it did not make for a relaxed breakfast experience. Avoid the seriously watered down orange juice!The overall experience at the Holiday Inn Bloomsbury is better, but our stay was OK for what we paid.	
Jan 5 2009 	Good Value	We Booked two Rooms one using PC points one paid. Had comfirmation of rooms to be upgraded to executive rooms. Got a good rate for the paid Room £119.00 incl. Breakfast for two. Rooms per profile away from lift. Reception staff very efficient and had every thing correct. Food in resteraunt as expected from a Holiday in, that is basic and wholesome. Breakfast buffet was more than ample and fried eggs prepared for you!. In all a pleasant change, and suprisingly much more service orientated than the gruops flagship hotel in Hamilton place Park Lane.	
Dec 29 2008 	Not worth the money and watch out for the elevator	My husband and I booked this hotel after a good experience the night before at another Holiday Inn in Nottingham. We asked them to book us a Holiday inn near the St Pancras station as we had a very early Train to catch the next morning. The price was very expensive at 160 pounds, but we thought it would be at least as nice as the one we stayed in, so it wouldn't be too bad. And it was London...We were wrong! They got the booking wrong and had us in a twin room, (happened a few times on our trip so no worries) Rang them and we had to go back down and get another key, we ended up with a room (604 I think), which shared a wall with the smaller elevator which was the noisiest elevator I have ever heard. We went down for dinner on the town and got in the large elevator, very scarey, moved and shaked all over the place, and didn't use it again!We came back for an early night, as we lay down we heard the elevator groaning and creaking so loudly we lay there for the next three ours until it finally stopped being used. We wanted to call and complain but we were so tired we didn't want to think about moving everything to another room. We were glad it wasn't a Saturday night and it didn't go all night!We'd booked a wake up call and asked to book a taxi for us, but that ended up being a &quot;transfer&quot; to the station which was a flat rate about 10 pounds more than the taxi fare was (because he had the meter running!), which they told us when we were downstairs and it was already there. Felt very ripped off. I assume there was a cost to book a taxi, but not that much! The room itself was very old and worn out really, carpets were lifting and stretched so they moved when we wheeled the suitcase over it, everything needed a tidy up. We should have looked ourselves and got a backpackers for about the same quality but cost much less. This hotel was the worst one (in value for money terms) in our 4 week trip but also the most expensive and we stayed in everything from a backpackers in Singapore to the Sheraton in Edinburgh! If it was about 100 pounds I probably wouldn't mind so much but when they're charging that price, it's not worth it.	
Dec 21 2008 	Dirty towels	One of the face towels in my bathroom was heavily stained and it was disgusting. It’s a good thing I had brought my own towels. See attached photo. Also, around noon of the second day of my stay, one of the house keeping ladies suddenly invaded my room to check if the beds were done, after giving me about 2 seconds’ notice following her knocking on the door. The beds were already done anyway. Overall the hotel is ok but fails to impress. At the price they charge you have a wide choice of hotels in the area and I believe this is something they should take into consideration.	
Dec 16 2008	Internet access should be included as standard	My girlfriend and I stayed here while she was receiving treatment in a nearby hospital. While the hotel itself was quite nice, it really should have included Internet access as a standard amenity. As it is, they charge £ 15/day, which is rather extortionate given that one can have access at home for £ 10/month. I presume they are targeting business people who can claim everything on expenses, but this day and age, everybody (and certainly I) wants Internet access, and without it one can be quite disconnected from the world. If you cannot communicate with other loved ones while in the unfortunate situation of a serious hospital treatment, you're in a really bad situation.	
Dec 8 2008 	Great hotel great location	We stayed at the Holiday Inn Regents Park for 5 nights in Nov with our adult children. We arrived by tube and walked to the hotel. The area was safe as we walked to and from Oxford Street several times at night. I booked a room with a disabled bathroom as I am an amputee and need to sit in the shower. Our bathroom was massive with a special seat in the bath. Our room was large but our daughters room was quite small but adequate. Breakfast was included in our rate. There was a large choice. We ate at the restaurant one night. We had a 2 course set menu for 14.50 pounds per person. Another night we had snacks at the bar which were very good value. There was a supermarket one block away and other pubs and restaurants nearby. We would definitely stay at this hotel again for location alone.	
Nov 22 2008 	Good value	I booked this hotel through lastminute.com, which sells it as a 4 star establishment. While the hotel doesn't live to its 4 star rating, location and good value for money more than make up for it. Also noteworthy are the staff, who are very friendly and helpful. The rooms are not large and feel a bit cramped, and the bathroom is also on the small side. But the beds are confortable and for a short stay its perfectly adequate.	
Oct 19 2008 	Decent hotel for brief stay	I received a free night's stay at this hotel for booking an air itinerary with British Airways. I was concerned by some of the TA reviews of the hotel. It turned out to be OK, though quite a letdown after my stay at the Hilton Islington, which has higher standards of comfort, modern amenities and housekeeping.Check-in was a pleasant surprise - no wait at all, and friendly, helpful service. My request for an upper-floor room was readily accommodated. I was assigned a room on the top (6th) floor, with a north-facing view. It would have been a pleasant view, but for the major construction project across the street, which was extremely noisy. However, this wasn't the hotel's fault, and in any case, I spent very little time in the room, so the construction noise wasn't really a bother.The hallways were narrow and a bit shabby. The room itself, while spacious enough for one, was a bit shabby too. The carpet and armchair had old stains on them, but the white bedding seemed perfectly clean. The dark furniture was a bit somber and had seen better days; the old TV had few channels and bad reception. There was storage space for an iron and ironing board, but they were nowhere in sight. The bathroom seemed well-kept, but the fixtures and tile were old, so they appeared a bit dingy. Overall, I think the housekeeping staff did a good job cleaning the room, but they didn't have great material to work with. Still, the bed was pretty comfortable and I got a decent night's sleep. The A/C worked fine, but I also used the desk fan to generate white noise, so I didn't get any unwanted noise either from within the hotel or from the street below.My free night's stay came with a free English breakfast. The breakfast room was a pleasant surprise - bright and welcoming. It was bustling with activity, but I was seated right away. The buffet was plentifully stocked and food quality was decent, though fresh fruit would have been much appreciated.Overall, the Holiday Inn was a perfectly decent place to stay for one night. If I got another free hotel night with my airfare in future, I wouldn't mind staying at this Holiday Inn again.	
Oct 17 2008 	Modern clean friendly	Booked into this hotel by my company's hotel agency; knew it was nowhere near Regent's Park! Then read some very mixed reviews, esp the most recent.Dropped hotel an email saying I was concerned; quick and friendly reply from Reservations Mgr.Arrived in the smallish, modern reception area. Immediately greeted and smiled at by concierge. Two guests being seen by two obviously pleasant receptionists. Concierge came over at once and asked me to check in at the Priority Club desk which I hadn't noticed. VERY pleasant, friendly and efficient young woman (Agnes) welcomed me and give me the plastic keycard. I guessed there was a message on screen (good!) and Agnes told me I had a very nice &quot;Executive&quot; room.Room: yes, quite small and bathroom very small with 3/4 bath. VERY clean, modern, comfortable, had everything one needs. Usual expensive minibar plus free orange juice, bottled water and KitKat (Exec rooms only?). Dressing gown and slippers (Exec room?). Otherwise nothing to distinguish an already good room as Exec. Air/con VERY good and efficient whether warming or cooling.Breakfast: Clean and bright room; Food looked good; very pleasant and welcoming manager; hot coffee very quickly delivered; quality orange juice; choice of breads and toast yourself (which I like); reasonable choice of cold food; hot food looked good so I had bacon (dried out); sausages (cooked one side, not the other - is this compulsory at hotels?); hash browns (totally dried out and inedible). Disappointing as it looked to be good quality - too much put out too soon? Easy to correct - hope they do!Very efficient, friendly and swift checkout; no bill problems. WILL go back.Someone mentioned the area; yes, bit strange for strangers but very convenient and safe; THREE Tube stations all on different lines 5-10 mins away; buses nearby; £5 taxi ride from Euston or St Pancras; not THAT far from Regents Park and about 15 mins walk to Oxford St; because quite a lot of people live in the area, some very good quality and not expensive restaurants (it's just off the main tourist beats). I went to Efes2 (just across the street) and had an excellent and very reasonable Turkish meal in a very clean and quite upmarket environment. Waiters were very friendly. TIP - look out for London cabs parked outside food outlets - always the best recommendation. Taxi drivers were picking up (proper) kebabs etc.	
Oct 2 2008 	Don't Expect Too Much	I stayed at the Holiday Inn Regents Park for free as BA was having a promotion with the purchasing of airfare from the US. We got a standard double room during the end of September/ early October. Reception was a bit brisk - like the guy wanted to get us processed asap and be done with us. He also had a very thick french accent so when asked to repeat, he seemed bothered. I'm positive that I requested a non-smoking room but Mr. Personality at the front desk wanted to argue about it saying that I didn't. We got the non-smoking room but not without a fight.Although this is rated as a 4* in UK terms, it definitely is not in US terms. As far as ammenities, it has pretty much everything you need but thats about it. If you are familiar with the Holiday Inns in the US, I'd imagine this would be pretty much the same - It is was it is.Since we had the freebie room, perhaps they put us into a smaller, non updated room. Our 6th floor (top floor) room did not look like the one in the pictures but rather a much shabbier version of one. Our room was very small (even by london standards) and seemed to have too much furniture in it. A slightly moldy smell but I'll get to that later. There was barely enough room to get around the double bed but they managed to put in a desk, 2 nightstands, 1 side table and 2 chairs. We had to move a chair and the side table to a corner of the room just to maneuver into the bed. The room was the size that if you should take a shower, it would fog up the bedroom windows located furtherst from the bathroom. We had to keep the window open as it was so stuffy in the room (and I had to get that moldy smell out) and that was the only source of ventilation. Our room was facing the street so we got plenty of road noise most of the night. Since I live in a downtown location, this was not too much of a problem for me but for those who are light sleepers - you might want to ask for an interior room.I used my UK power conversion plug but found that when I plugged in my hairdryer, it got super hot super fast and practically had flames coming out of it within seconds. I unplugged it immediately and never used it there again for charging my phone or anything else. PS: I've used this hair dryer &amp; adaptor at other UK locations with success. Luckily they had a hairdryer in the desk drawer.The carpeting in the room was beyond threadbare and I was a bit grossed out walking on it in bare feet. The bathroom was very small and had a toilet that not only didn't work half the time, but it bubbled for some time after flushing. I went to use the bathroom downstairs on the ground floor once and also noticed that they had the same plumbing problems. There was mold in the shower/tub &amp; on the bottom of the shower curtain. Water pressure was okay and the one thing that I did like was that the shower knob had a dial sort of thing with numbers so once you got the temperature you like, there was no guess work or fiddling with the dial the next time.The bed was comfortable enough. Or maybe I was numb from the jet lag &amp; overconsumption of beer/cocktails at the pubs. Didn't take advantage of the pillow menu as the ones that they had on there were fine. As far as location, it was okay. Not far from 2 tube stations. The area was not one I was familiar with but seemed okay. Lots of students from the school nearby and some shops a few blocks away.The breakfast, although quite plentiful was pretty greasy. The fried eggs looked more like they were boiled in grease as they were served nearly floating in a greasy plate under some heat lamps. Same with the bacon and the sausage. As much as I love fried food &amp; english full breakfasts, this was pretty bad.All in all, unless you get an extremely good price on this hotel (or for free in my case) I would recommend staying elsewhere.	
Oct 1 2008 	Good Hotel	I have to say I was really impressed with my stay at this hotel. Was unsure of location at first but soon realised it is 2 minutes walk to the nearest tube station - Great Portland Street. I got a relaly good rate so I was bound to be happy but the lobby is very nicely done and the rooms were very clean. I left my blackberry charger in the room and when I rung them to enquire about it, it was being held in lost property - so nice honest cleaning staff.	
Sep 26 2008 	Last Minute Secret Hotel	I stayed at the Holiday Inn, Regents Park for one night, booked as a secret hotel through lastminute but the same price as if I had booked direct with hotel!The room (560) was very compact, there is a pillow menu to choose from but delivery of pillow was done with bad grace. The room had a 4' 6&quot; bed, I had expected a king size.The bathroom was functional.The bar had run out of Port, Rose Wine, Jameson Whisky and Coffee by 2200. Friends staying on the 4th floor advised refurbishment was ongoing.The hotel was a 30 minute stroll to the West End and 15 minutes to Marleybone High Street and it's eclectic mix of shops.	
Sep 25 2008 	Bland basic rooms but good service	Stayed there on business with my wife. The first room we were given had obviously just been partly painted as had a very strong smell of paint and the woodwork had been rubbed down ready for painting in the bathroom, but had not been done. It looked like they had stopped halfway through. Also we were meant to have an executive room. Which on asking actually means the same room but they put, as someone else said a couple of bathrobes and some kit kats in the room. We asked for a change of room as smell of paint was overpowering and were switched to another room, which was a wheelchair friendly room, so was larger but not good for my wife as she has a fused spine so struggled to brush her teeth and use the sink as it was too low, Could not be bothered to ask to change again. On saying this the service generally was very good, especially at breakfast and the rooms were both spotlessly clean. However for the price I felt the rooms were no better standard than a premier lodge. Also their was a very bland cheap feeling to all the furnishings I usually stay at the Novotel St Pancras which is cheaper and far better furnished. However the service was generally much better at the Holiday Inn.	
Sep 20 2008 	Quiet and comfortable on the inside	This hotel is quiet on the inside, which is a blessing in London. The rooms are small, but functional. The staff were polite. The location is not really &quot;Regents Park&quot; in my view, but is convenient to much of the West End, either a longish walk or short taxi ride away. I didn't try the restaurant. I would stay again, for a good price, and the convenience and quietness in central London.	
Sep 10 2008 	Staff Excellent	For a very busy, chain hotel in the centre of a capital city this hotel is well above average.The staff definitely have a &quot;can do&quot; attitude and nothing was too much trouble.I have a physical disability and was asked several times by all grades of staff if I needed any assistance. This was done with genuine concern and discreetly.My room was spotlessly clean though the bathroom was a little bit tired and jaded.I phoned down for some face cloths and they were delivered within ten minutes.Our evening meal was pre-booked (a party of 12). The choice was poor - 1 meat, 1 fish, 1 vegetarian main course. All courses came pre-plated, but were hot and well presented. Again, the service was discrete and very good.The hotel was well set up for conferences.I will definitely stay here again.	
Sep 1 2008 	I've Seen Better Doss Houses	This hotel is somehow listed as a 4 star it is nothing like one. The rooms were small,dirty the air conditioning kept turning itself off, one of the lifts was not working and breakfast was at best lukewarm. The carpets in the corridors were shabby dirty and worn, it was if the company was trying to ensure we would not stay there again. They have won that one. I was due to stay in their hotel in Manchester UK but will be cancelling when I find alternative accomadation	
Aug 13 2008 	Central location with polite and attentive staff	I stayed for along weekend to visit the Motor Show and see the Red Bull Air Race.To pay for my room I used part air miles and part cash (£175 for 3 nights and 720 air miles) which seemed to get me the best rate for my air miles.I calculated against the with breakfast price on the hotel WEB site and at the time of booking each air mile was worth 42p. Most offers can be worked out to an air mile value of 6p but to get this you need hotels offering a full price and earning air miles option to calculate back to 6p per air mile. Spreadsheets are marvellous things for working out value for money!The price included full english breakfast each morning, and the bacon was fantastic!The location is perfect for a morning/evening stroll in Regents Park and only a 10 minute walk to Oxford St. I recommend if going to Oxford Street turn right out of the hotel and walk down Great Portland Street (GPS). A well respected restaurant is just down GPS called Villandry.I was checked in very quickly and had a quiet room looking onto an inner courtyard. The room was as you would expect for a 4* hotel in the UK with the only minor problem the sink basin plug did not work so the tap had to remain running to keep water in the basin when washing. The free TV channel selection is very limited but you visit London to get out and about not spend time in your room. If using the mini-bar ask them to unlock it when you check in. Face cloths are available free so no need to have a damp face cloth in your wash bag.The service in the restaurant and bar was excellent and the food was adequate.They were having problems with the lifts which if you are on a top floor might cause you problems. Check with reception, if the lifts have been fixed? otherwise; ask for a room on a lower floor.Free newspapers are available all over the hotel for you to take and read.For room supplies a TESCO Express is turn right out of the hotel and right again up towards Regents Park at the junction of Bolsover St and Euston Rd.If using this hotel as a base for sight seeing, I recommend you also use walkit.co.uk to plan your routes around the sights. Print them off before leaving home as internet charges were not cheap.This hotel is very convenient for the London Palladium being only a 10 minute walk.I recommend this hotel and will be booking again using air miles to part pay the bill.	
Aug 4 2008	Great choice!	For the New Year 2007/2008 I have spent four nights at Holiday Inn Regent's Park, which was not my first stay at this hotel.Location of the hotel is great. The crossroad between Oford Street and Regent Street (one of the main shopping areas) is just 10 – 15 min. walk and it is 20 min. walk from the Madame Tussauds. But, if you don't want to walk Great Portland Street underground station is just 2 min. walk. Warren Street underground station, which hes better connections, is 5min. walk.The hotel is typical London 4* hotel. In rare cases you'll get better. Reception desk staff at the hotel is efficient and wellcoming. Concierge can help you a lot with planning your stay and sightseeing. There is the cash machine (1GBPcommision) and the charging point for mobile phones in the lobby.The rooms are of medium size, which means large by London standards. They are not brand new but comfortable and clean. Beds are heavenly comfortable and are true blessing after the long day of walking. For the winter stay at the hotel, it is good to know that the central heating is very good (unlike the Holiday Inn King's Cross).The breakfast room is beautifuly and modernly decorated. I always take full English breakfast which is very good with lots of choice. I didn't eat other meals in the hotel which is understandable with the choice of restaurants in London. There are couple of acceptable restaurants close to the hotel, in Titchfield Street.I always recomand this hotel to my friends.	
Jul 19 2008	Holiday Inn Park Regent was Awesome	This was our first trip aboard from the USA. We booked the hotel and flight package through Priceline a week before we arrived July 5-11, 2008. Most of the tourist hotels were full, we found the Holiday Inn Regent Park package. I was a little apprehensive because the hotel was off the tourist tract. The hotel and location were AWESOME. The hotel was clean. Nicely decorated. Great restaurant and service. EXCELLENT service by the concierge, front desk and maid service. Great location for two tube stations that get you around central London. Pubs near by to catch a pint or dinner. Two small grocery stores very near hotel to buy fresh food. Always felt safe even walking in the evening. We found a few items missing that traditional American hotel's have, but it didn't brother us in the least. There is no microwave in the room or lobby. They had a hot water tea maker in the room that I used every morning and evening . I didn't see any ice machine or bucket either, nor a phone book in the room. The front desk was happy to loan out a phone book to us. We had an excellent stay at this hotel. And Yes the bathroom is slightly smaller than American hotel bathrooms, but it was completely adequate and actually larger than I had been scared into beleiving --- before I got there. Very clean too. The bed was comfortable for two larger than average people too. Thanks Holiday Inn Regent Park.	
Jul 18 2008 	Good location and excellent staff.	We booked this hotel with Yahoo last minute deals at a great price for five nights. The rooms were nice and clean. Room service was fast and reasonably priced. I would definitely stay again. I was able to walk to so many attractions and areas w/o notice as there was much to explore and see.	
Jul 10 2008 	Nice and clean but have had better for same price	Stayed here as a free add on from a BA flight package. Third time in London in the past 4 years and felt it was nice, well located within a block of the tube but nothing special really. Have stayed in a B&amp;B and a couple of other primary Brit hotels and they were really better, if you had to pay 200. per night. It was perfectly clean, neat, good TV, air temp control in each room, a clean bathroom and room for two to get about in easily. I would stay here again if the price was right but would look at a standard Brit hotel if it were not 25% less than those.	
Jul 5 2008 	Neat clean but ripped off by the "Exec Room"	This hotel was nice for a budget chain hotel. The room was neat and clean and it has a nice (albeit pricey) bar area and restaurant.The biggest disappointment was that we upgraded to an Executive Room and didn't get one. It turned out to be exactly the same as a normal room but with 2 free KitKats, some horrible concentrate OJ, a couple of trashy magazines (don't expect Time or The Economist) and some cheap shampoo and body wash. The room was still incredibly small, as you would expect from a normal room at a chain hotel in London, and very basic with small-ish bed, small CRT TV etc. There is nothing &quot;executive&quot; about these rooms. Had they not have mis-sold this as something it wasn't I would have felt very happy with my stay there.The other annoyance was the internet in the room didn't work and we had to go down to the ground floor to use the wireless service.A lot of effort has obviously gone into making this hotel look quite smart on the inside and we were happy and comfortable with our stay. They just need to sell the rooms for what they are and not try to cheat people into paying for something they're not really getting. It left a bitter taste.	
Jun 22 2008	quite disgusting!!!	Stayed here weekend of 21st june 08, arrived approximately 2pm on the saturday and the room was ready for us, got to the room and could hardly get through the front door as the cupboard stuck out slightly, not allowing the door to open fully. we had booked a twin room and the 2 single beds were pushed together and there was no room to seperate the beds.we checked the bathroom and it smelt vile, there was white stains over the toilet seat &amp; it was cracked, the edge of the bath was covered in mould, and the sink was leaking.Our view from our window was kind of like a prison yard!The only plus side of our stay here was the breakfast in the morning.If you are looking at staying in london maybe dont stay here unless you have a strong stomach! I would highly reccommend the hilton@ paddington, it was everything you would expect + more	
Jun 18 2008	A toss up - 3 or 4 stars?	To give this hotel 3 or 4 stars…hmm…Must give it 4 stars for location alone. If you’re a fan of Regent’s Park, then you’ll enjoy the convenience of staying here. Although not right on the edge of the park as the name might imply, it’s an easy walk. And fun too if you cut through the back way in order to check out Chester Terrace. If you miss breakfast at the hotel, walk over to the Honest Sausage in the park. Free tea with certain sandwiches on Mondays. As I first walked through the door of Holiday Inn Regent’s Park, it made me think of a clinic – very sterile. I went to check-in at the first counter I saw but soon realized that it was actually the concierge desk. The main desk is hidden behind a wall or bank of elevators or something, so not immediately identifiable. Was greeted cheerfully and quickly assigned a non-smoking room after handing in the voucher from a British Airways deal (one free night + one night at approx. $110). The lifts and hallways also felt quite sterile and in need of updating. Or just a good cleaning and regular maintenance would probably make the difference. During my entire stay, the hallways were crowded with maids’ trolleys and cleaning staff ran people over in the lift without apology. They seemed unhappy, always complaining in foreign languages. The first room was on the interior, facing a prison-like courtyard. It was rather spacious – at least compared to most places I’ve stayed at in London. Two single beds were pushed together to form one queen bed. Upon opening the bathroom door, I was hit in the face by a strong smell of cigarette smoke. Pulling the shower curtain back revealed mold around the tub. When I called down to explain that there must have been a misunderstanding, I was told that the room IS non-smoking. Perhaps, but maybe smoke is coming through the vents? Anyway, I was able to exchange keys for another room on a different floor. This was during the hurricanes in the UK in March and was told they had many cancellations, hence extra rooms to exchange. What a difference the new room made! It was much cosier and had more storage/closet space. There were two single beds, a comfortable lounge chair and table. Most importantly, it was smoke-free. The double-glazed windows opened up to a side street with a view of Great Portland tube station one block up and white Nash terraces in the distance. I fear this view will soon be gone as there is a large construction site next door. With earplugs, I only noticed bulldozers early one morning but then it was time to get up anyway. The morning I slept-in, the fire alarm went off. I suppose this can be expected of any large chain hotel.  The bathroom was fine, but a bit cramped with the door. The tub was not the cleanest – there was a feather or something stuck to the bottom. Despite receiving tips, it appeared that the maid never did a full clean of the room, only a quick pickup.  The breakfast room was busy and the staff cheerful. It’s basically a self-serve buffet, so only expect the staff to be cleaning up or replenishing the food. At first, it was hard to figure out what they did and what you were supposed to do. They seat you and that’s pretty much it. The fried eggs under the heat lamp were somewhat of a turnoff, so opted for toast (which you make yourself). I was wishing I had brought down the chocolate muffins I had purchased at the nearby Tesco. Sorry to say, but the best part of breakfast was the view of the Telecom Tower. At checkout, I left my bags with the concierge. Upon returning, I waited quite a long time at the desk before someone finally came over to help. It was mid-afternoon, so maybe they were all taking a break?? As I exited, the lobby was full of young professionals, appearing to be on interviews in a conference room. Would I stay here again? Yes and no. For a short-term stay it’s fine, but for an entire week’s vacation, probably not. Recommended places in the area:- The Treatment Rooms (day spa) – only one block over- Villandry – gourmet take-away and restaurant- Handy bus routes one block over on Great Portland St.- Honest Sausage inside Regent’s Park- Walk straight down Titchfield St. to a cluster of restaurants near Langham Court Hotel. There’s a pub to the right.	
Jun 9 2008 	I wouldn't recommend	&lt;in my previousl 4 tripadvisor hotel reviews, I gave 3 times 5 stars and 1 time 4 stars&gt;My wife and I stayed in the Holiday Inn Regent Park hotel between the 4-8/6/2008.We have encountered numerous times when we were told false information by the staff:1. we asked for a double bed room via email and got confirmation. When we got there, no double bed room was available.2. The receptionist (named Jude) told us that this is only temporary and someone will move our belonging to another room with double bed, the next morning, while we are out travelling. This was not done.3. We asked for a wakeup call at 7:30 and received it 20 minutes later. We complain and were told that the wake up list says 7:50.4. the concierge told us that all events start at 11:00 on Sundays, which is simply not true.On the other side, John, the receptionist was really nice, professional and helpful.I'm describing this as this seems like a pattern, and not a random mistake. We saw another complain earlier in the reviews and wondered about the odds that this will happen to us. Well...it just did.Besides that the hotel location is great. Only 100m from the tube, tesco and pret a manger.In addition, if you go to this hotel, 50m north to the hotel, there is a construction site. We haven't stayed in a north room, so we're not sure about the noise coming from this site, but this should also take under consideration.In addition, the hotel is very clean (so say my wife) and provide all the needed facilities - safe in the room, minibar (cost money), TV (not LCD), playstation (cost money), ok bed and shower.All in all, I wouldn't recommend going to this hotel, just because the problems we had with 3 out of 4 staff members.	
May 31 2008 	OK for a short stay	Typical &quot;dorm style&quot; European hotel, with plenty of mold in the bathtub. The location is pretty good though, 1.5 blocks from the Great Portland tube station &amp; the breakfast was excellent.	
May 29 2008 	Okay until the Fire Alarm went off!	I stayed here for 3 nights thru hotwire. I was quite happy with the choice given the good reviews here, but unfortunately my stay was less than pleasant.PROS:Location - short walk to 2 tube stations (Portland St + Regents Park), and many bus stops (on Euston Rd and on Portland Street).Clean room, has in-room safe, tea/coffee making facilities. No smell of cigarette smoke.QuietCONS:Small room. I have stayed in many Priceline 4* hotels in London before and this is the smallest room I have ever gotten. There's barely space to put my 21&quot; carryon suitcase. The bed is tiny. I booked for 1 person on hotwire, but I believe the room is also sold as a double. The bed is the size of a full, definitely not queen. I'm glad it was just me staying there as the bed would have been very cramped with 2.Horrible water pressure from the shower (my room was on the 4th floor). It was basically a slow trickle of water.My stay got worse on my second night. The fire alarm went off at 7:30am (Sunday). Other guests &amp; I went down the fire escape and found ourselves outside of the bldg and it was pouring rain out. While we were waiting, another guest said this was the second fire alarm within 3 days! We were let back inside after about 15 minutes, and there was no one from the hotel staff explaining what caused the alarm to go off.When I returned to the room to get ready for the day, I found out there was no hot water! Called the front desk and they said they're investigating it. I had to take a cold shower after all the fire alarm drama.	
May 27 2008 	OK	Booked as part of a package deal via British Airways (2 nights free including breakfast, with purchase of a flight). BA website says it is a 4 star hotel, maybe the lobby and restaurant is. The bathroom was small and in disrepair, dirty grout and semi-functional shower, marginal toilet. Bed area small but clean, though fixtures were either mostly broken and taped together or looked flimsy. Very dark near the door and closet area of the room. Room temperature control appeared to not work very effectively other than turning it off and on. In-room internet was $15/day, pretty slow at times but worked. Hotel is very convenient to the Great Portland Street tube station.	
May 20 2008 	Good For Buisness Or Leisure	I have stayed in this Holiday Inn on a number of occasions recently on business, and in this respect the hotel meets my needs very well.It is well located, being within a few minutes walk of two tube stations – Great Portland Street on the Hammersmith &amp; City Line, Circle Line and Metropolitan Line and Regent’s Park on the Bakerloo Line. Warren Street tube station is about a 5 minute walk which is served by the Victoria and Northern Lines respectively. Excellent choice! It is also within a ten minute walk of Oxford Street for those of you with shopping on the agenda. The hotel is in a quiet location, and I sense the area is perfectly safe; I’ve never felt uncomfortable even walking back late at night. The hotel itself is fairly standard Holiday Inn fare, which means no strong plusses, but no particular minuses either. You can go there in the complete confidence that you will have a clean room and a comfortable bed for the night. The rooms themselves are on the small side, not untypical of a large city – but perfectly adequate. Effective air conditioning is provided, with the added bonus of being able to open the window if you prefer. Apart from breakfast, I have not had a meal in this hotel’s restaurant, but generally I do not find Dinner to be one of Holiday Inn’s strong suits. I have had room service meals on several occasions, and found them to be of a reasonable standard, but by no means outstanding. Room meal service is good – always quicker than they quote when you order your meal. If you want to save a bit on your bar bill, there is a Tesco Express just beside the Gt Portland St tube station where you can pick up a bottle of wine or a few beers and enjoy them with your room service meal. Breakfasts are quite good; a good choice of both cooked and the ‘healthy’ option. I found staff, both waiting and reception, to be attentive although the latter seem not to be aware of the benefits enjoyed by Priority Club members; they have to be prompted. This is a consistent failing. The concierge was helpful and efficient. One gripe is this hotel’s irritating habit of including an ‘optional’ 10% service charge on drinks you order at the bar (you have to opt out of paying it). It is one thing to be waited upon at a table, where a tip to the waiter is the norm, but to go up to the bar and be served over the counter, and then to have a tip slapped on is a bit of a cheek, particularly when the bar prices themselves are on the steep side – almost £4.00 for a pint. A cheaper option is to go and explore one of the local pubs; there are plenty around within a few minutes walk of the hotel. Overall, I find this hotel to be perfectly fine for the purpose. My instincts tell me this should be rated with 3 blobs, but for some reason, this one feels as if it deserves the fourth blob, as I almost feel this one is a slight cut above some of the others I have stayed in; I almost look forward to staying here. I certainly wouldn’t hesitate in recommending this hotel, whether for a business trip or leisure.	
May 11 2008 	wonderful suprise in central london	I was stunned when I saw my room - it was far larger than any I had previous stayed in over several trips to Europe - approaching US standards. Very clean, quiet, well managed property in Marlyebone, an interesting and upcoming area of London.Staff was courteous, although I was vexed when asking for places to dine nearby, all that the person who checked me in could suggest was the hotel's restaurant. There are many excellent places within walking distance.The consierge (who was busy when I asked my dining question) was above and beyond helpful in helping me check in for my home flight online on his computer, print out a boarding pass and in booking a car for the airport.Fairly convenient to Tube and main roads. This has now become my #1 economy place to stay in London.	
Apr 21 2008 	Above average hotel...	Luckily we were able to use Holiday Inn points for our 4 night stay here because all hotels in England are very expensive! The lobby of this hotel is modern and up to date. The rooms are quite cozy, however with a little moving of side tables/desk chairs, we had enough room to live out of our two large suitcases for the stay. The bathroom is small, but they all are in London. However, it was clean and the shower worked wonderfully (good water pressure and temp). They stocked the bathroom daily with shampoo, soaps, body wash, shower caps, sewing kits and lotion.The front desk staff was friendly, however when we checked in early (as we requested) they tried to charge us 25 pounds. When we said we weren’t told about this, he quickly waived it for us, however it would have been a shame to get charged if we didn’t put up a “fight.” It is 2 blocks from a tube stop and very walkable to Marleybone!	
Apr 13 2008	Struggling to live up to expectations	This hotel isn't particularly bad, nor is it good in any notable way. A big &quot;average&quot; rating, really.It's a bit scruffy - the bathroom in particular could use some refurbishment, the fittings have lost any sense of ever gleaming. The bathroom is also very cramped, as other comments have said, which is rather uncomfortable at times. Water pressure was also very poor, giving an unsatisfactory shower.I had a room on the fifth floor, which stank of smoke - clearly this used to be the smoking floor, and they haven't been able to shift the smell yet. Avoid that floor if you can.The room is fairly small, but that is to be expected for London - most visitors aren't likely to be spending much time in their rooms anyway! There's an old CRT TV if you want it. Pillows were dreadful, though. I had five pillows, all hard and flat. Making use of the Holiday Inn &quot;pillow menu&quot; didn't help much either.The lifts are small and old. Breakfast is ok at best, a very limited selection but sufficient for most purposes.Location is pretty good, though, easy to get to many central places. Service was reasonable, although a bit slow at times.All in all, could be a lot better. Definitely not value for money. I'm unlikely to return.	
Apr 4 2008 	Nice Holiday Inn Freindly Staff	Stayed here for one Saturday night for my birthday. Had an executive room which had some nice touches but probably not worth the difference in money (we stayed on points). Rooms are small. Bathroom can only fit 1 person in at a time. Bed was a standard double which is the minimum you would expect at a hotel as beds are usually bigger than your one at home! It was comfortable though. Hotel is nice and quiet and in a good location.Staff were excellent, very friendly and efficient which is not always easy to come by these days. Id stay here again.	
Mar 25 2008 	A nice 3 star Hotel	I read all the reviews on this hotel before I booked it. After staying there the reviews were correct. This is a nice hotel, not luxurious but a good place to stay in London. We booked on priceline and got it for a good rate. The room is smaller than U.S. Holiday Inns but roomy by London's standards. the bathroom was small but efficent and the bath/shower combo was roomy. The room was clean and the hotels staff was very friendly and helpful. The location is close to central London with 2 subway station close and easy to get cabs. Ask about hiring a cab instead of using the Black cabs. the Black cabs are metered and if the traffic is bad it cost more. The cabs you hired are a flat rate and can be called and they came very quickly. I would stay at this hotel again and I recommend it as a good 3 star hotel.	
Mar 14 2008	VERY small rooms average hotel	Stayed for 3 nights.Very Very small rooms. Old tv set. Small beds.Bathroom was so small, I had to turn myself around the door towards the bath first to close the door after me. Old towels.Hotel looked clean. Nice reception. Average breakfast, everyday the same. Internet in lobby, 9 minutes for 10 pound !!!!!Ah well, average is not bad...Worst of London is Heathrow Airport !! Thats airport needs an upgrade. They cannot handle the number of planes so always delays because of that...	
Feb 19 2008 	Ok but nothing special.	We had stayed at this hotel before, in 1997 when it was owned by another comapny and it has gone downhill. We ordered a double room but were given a twin - though to be fair the staff did re-allocate another room quickly and the staff as a whole were helpful and friendly. The room was small (but that was not a problem for us) and not terribly warm on a freezing february night. The duvet was very thin. The bathroom was horrible. The shower was ancient and the tiles cracked and dirty. The stairwells were grubby and there were used cigarette butts on the stairs (one of my pet hates) suggesting cleaning was lax. Breakast OK but over priced. Whole place was a little shabby and grubby. Location was alright but not in a very exciting area. We booked as part of a theatre package so had no choice over hotel but we wouldn't stay here again. Nothing drastically wrong but there was nothing special and it could do with a clean and general spruce up.	
Feb 17 2008 	Very Average	We arrived in February for a two night stay which we booked through lastminute.com secret hotel deals. It’s fair to say that the man at reception was not particularly good at speaking English which caused some initial problems. We finally got our room keys and made our way to the room. The corridors were very dated and in need of decorating but so are many other London hotels. The room itself was small but pleasant enough for what we needed and most of the amenities were there. The bathroom was below average and the shower was extremely poor. Not only was the shower head held in position with yellow insulation tape but also delivered water at the rate of a dripping nose. The view from our room was fantastic if you’re a concrete fan but if not then keep the curtains firmly closed.The hotels location was reasonable and great portland street station in only a 5 minute walk away. We found the concierge to be helpful when called upon and noticed there is also an electronic concierge in the foyer. Overall this hotel was very average and we would only return if the rate was reflective of its quality.	
Feb 9 2008 	disappointing	I stayed at this hotel in January for one night. I had booked the hotel through lastminute.coms top secret hotel deals so I hadnt actualy chosen the hotel. Last minute.com decribed the hotel as being in the &quot;west end&quot; which is pushing it a bit, but thats probably not the hotels fault. I had booked a room with a double bed but when I arrived they tried to give me a room with two single beds. I was travelling alone but I hate single beds and will never book a room with single beds so naturally I complained. They did find me a room with a double bed but this room had sliding wooden screens instead of curtains and the wooden screens were broken and extremely difficult to open and close.The rooms were quite small and I actually found the room to be quite cold (which is unusual because I am usually too hot.) There was a control panel to alter the temperature but i dont think it was working properly. There was only a thin duvet cover on the bed and no blankets so I spent a somewhat uncomfortable night with a t shirt on to stay warm enough.The bathroom was extremely small. There was a shower over a bath but the bath was only 3/4 of the size of a normal bath. There wasnt room to sit on the toilet properly, you had to sit at an angle . The shower attatchment didnt work and the general decor was looking quite tired.As I had booked the room through laterooms and only paid a figure some £50 less than the rate advertised as the cheapest publicly available on the holiday inns own website, the hotel represented reasonable value for money compared to what is available in London - however - if I had paid the advertised best rate I would have been extremely disappointed.	
Jan 31 2008 	Recommended!	This hotel was nice and the people were friendly. The only issue we had was that the phone in the room was broken and did not get fixed until our last night there. The manager actually came to our room to fix the issue and he removed the charges we incurred for the room service since I had to go down to the front desk to order. The hotel was very close to the Underground (Subway Station) only 2 blocks. The rooms were clean and the breakfast buffet was pretty good as well, offering Fried or Scrambled eggs, Bacon/Ham, Fruit and many other foods. They also had Juice, Tea, coffee, milk. The concierge was very nice and helpful. The main shopping district on Oxford St. was within walking distance and many restaurants were near by. I would recommend this hotel to everyone!	
Jan 28 2008 	I liked this hotel	First of all, let me thank all those who make their contributions on tripadvisor because I booked a single room with the Holiday Inn Regent's Park based on the previously submitted reviews I read.I had to have a stop over in London due to jet lag and I did not want to fly all night long, so I was happy to make a reservation with Holiday Inn Regent's Park.Though the room I got was rather small, it was well equipped, absolutely clean and offered me all what I needed, especially a very comfortable bed you may wish to see from my photos.Provided for free by the hotel a welcoming bottle of sparkling water was awaiting for me on the working desk, tea and coffee making facilities were at my disposal, too.I spent the evening walking along Oxford street that could be reached by walk in 15-20 minutes.These days London experienced very heavy fog, I worried about my next flight from Heathrow;the hotel concierge kindly cleared all necessary details with British Airways customer service and gave me essential information on airline schedule and transport connections and even told me that the gate in Heathrow would be changed!Check-in and checkout were very effecient. The accommodation cost £ 116.50 without breakfast.	
Jan 1 2008 	No room at the (Holiday) Inn!	Having booked the Holiday Inn Regents Park, London through Otel.com in July 2007, we arrived for our 3 night stay on Saturday 29 December 2007, shortly after 3pm. Reception was quiet and my wife and I were attended to promptly. Unfortunately, the Receptionost advised that the &quot;system&quot; had crashed and they were therefore unable to allocate rooms. We would have to wait for a short time or be moved to a different hotel. In the meantime we were offered a complimentary drink in the Bar. Surprisingly, there seemed little panic in the Reception area and other computers seemed to be working OK! About 10 minutes later we were seen by the same Receptionist who apologised but said that we would have to move to another hotel for one night of our three night stay. I complained that this was unacceptable and would spoil our New Year break, having to relocate on two occasions. She agreed and said that we would move for the entire stay. We were told initially that we would be moving to their sister hotel, the Holiday Inn, Bloomsbury but this was changed to the Thistle, Euston.Although extremely unhappy I agreed - we had a theatre booking for 8pm that evening and any more delays would have jeopardised that booking.The Holiday Inn orgaised a taxi and we arrived at the Thistle Euston where Reception was busy. A gentleman next to me had been moved from The Russell Hotel (another &quot;system&quot; crash I wonder?). I asked for an upgrade to compensate for our move but this was rejected and to make matters worse, despite the assurances given by Holiday Inn, Regents Park we were told that our stay was for one night only. By this time I was exasperated with the situation and the Receptionist gave me a telephone number for the Holiday Inn.I spoke with the Holiday Inn Duty Manager, Nikki, who was very apologetic and confirmed that I would have to return to them after one night. She was very courteous and professional and recognised that our weekend break was in danger of becoming a disaster. She offered us an upgrade to an Executive Room on our return and an invitation to dine at their expense the following evening. I accepted and we returned early on Sunday 30th December and found that the Receptionist, Concierge and Restaurant Manager had been fully briefed on what we were to receive. This attitude and action rescued our stay and thereafter we found the hotel to be of good value, with a small but clean room (even smaller bathroom as indicated in other reviews). Both rooms were well equipped and the bed was very comfortable. Breakfast was good - although no more than what I would expect in this standard of hotel.The hotel is within easy walking distance of Oxford Street (10 minutes) and Regents Park (5 minutes). It has good Tube access, with Great Portland Street underground station only 200 metres away.We enjoyed our stay very much after a difficult start but felt that the Hotel redeemed itself by its actions.A final point, if you want to see the New Years Eve fireaworks and Big Ben, get there five or six hours before midnight or else you will be herded like cattle miles away from the action - we gave up at 11pm and went back to the Hotel!	
Dec 31 2007 	Excellent location	Thumbs up for this holiday inn. Fantastic location very close to Great Portland St Tube. Room was very clean and good choice of pillows! Staff were friendly. Would definately use again.	
Dec 30 2007	Great Christmas Break	Stayed at this hotel throughout Christmas holiday 2007.Nice quiet location - easy to get around (even by foot).Rooms were spotlessly clean, with everything we required, including air conditioning, windows that actually open, adequate tv channels, fridge, and 'dream' pillows, which they pride themselves on. There was even a line in the bathroom to dry things on. Hotel staff were very polite and friendly, couldn't do enough to make our stay enjoyable. As part of the package deal we had full board on two of the days. We were served a full Christmas dinner - tables were decorated with hats, crackers and streamers, which immediately put us in the festive mood. The starter was well presented and delicious. Sadly the turkey was second rate and of poor quality, quite tasteless, both dark and white meat in layers - seemed such a pity scrimping on cheap meat!! The evening meals left us with little choice (unlike some other Holiday Inns we have stayed in) - in fact they were quite bland and did not look very appetising. The sweet courses were about the same. On the flip side of the coin - breakfast was SUPERB, with a great choice from cereal, fruit, full-cooked, toast, rolls, etc. a mighty fine banquet!!! The bar prices are a little high - £7 for a brandy!! Found a super pub around the corner (in fact there are lots around) - so with new-found hotel friends, we enjoyed being with the locals and would definitely return next year, but on a B &amp; B basis.Overall our stay was first class for the money we paid.............Welsh Lady	
Dec 17 2007 	Clean and Neat	Stayed on business first week in December. 10 minute walk from Warren St tube, 2 mins from Gt Portland Street. Hotel is very clean but as others have said bathrooms are small. Very quiet location one block away from Euston Road. 10 minute walk down Gt Portland Street to Oxford Street - you come out near John Lewis. Breakfast was fine.	
Dec 10 2007 	Very Good Hotel in Regents Park	I'm from DC and know hotels can be expensive, but London is ridiculous. So called 3 star hotels are extremely expensive, have cramped quarters and you basically pay for the location. The Holiday Inn Regent's park is listed as a 3 star, but after seeing other &quot;3 stars&quot; should be a 3.5-4 star. It is perfectly placed - walkable to Oxford Circus, Euston, Warren St, and Regents Park Stations. The area is much less &quot;touristy&quot; than hotels by Picadilly or Westminster. The local pubs in that area are all &quot;proper pubs&quot; and there are 5-8 within 5 blocks (our favorite being the Carpenters Arms for dinner). The twin room we had was sizable for London, was pristine in cleanliness and had a sizable clean bath with deep bath tub. The included English Breakfast is enormous buffet style with eggs, sausage, black pudding, eggs, bacon, toast, etc. There may be a wait on Saturdays and Sundays but the line moves quickly. The staff were very helpful and allowed us to keep our bags for no fee with the concierge as we arrived early. They also reserved our room so that check in later at 6pm was painless. The hotel is expensive - we paid $248/night after taxes over a December weekend, however there are rat traps out there for only $50-$100 less/night. For what you get I would recommend this hotel to a friend and stay there again.	
Dec 9 2007 	Nice hotel good location	I stayed here for 3 nights in mid-August 2007. I got a half-decent deal from airmiles. This hotel is in a quiet area about a 4/5 minute walk from Great Portland Street tube station. The hotel itself is only 'okay'. The reception staff were a bit aloof and a quite unfriendly.We also had problems because the room smelt of smoke and the only other room they had available was the same. We overheard on the chap who came to show us the other room's radio, being told to 'just spray some air freshener around' - which is not really acceptable.Also, there was only one set of towels and toiletries so I rang reception and was told somebody would bring some towels up and that &quot;there is a soap dispenser attached to the bathroom wall&quot; (said in a very standoffish tone). However, the breakfast staff were great - very friendly and helpful.Parking is available, but you do have to pay (it's London afterall), but you can get a discounted hotel rate.	
Nov 5 2007 	Consistently Delivers The Goods	We've stayed here on countless occasions through our jobs over the years and it always comes up trumps. We were relieved to find that our recent stay was on a par with other stays.The location is outstanding. You are within walking distance of some of London's most famous attractions - Oxford Street, Regent's Park, China Town, etc (Cafe PT in Wardour Street is without doubt the best Chinese restaurant in the area - you MUST try the bubble tea!!).The hotel is close to most major tube lines. If you want to avoid the crush of Oxford Street, we would recommend walking to either Great Portland Street, Goodge Street or Warren Street stations (unless you really need a line that these stations don't cover of course!).Can't comment on the food at the hotel, but there are some excellent little restaurants and cafes down the side streets in the area (I love the &quot;Ultimate Bacon Roll&quot; from Kiko's Cafe in nearby Clipstone Street!).Very clean and highly recommended.	
Nov 4 2007	Good use of space!	We booked this hotel through a 'show and stay' deal. The package offered was a good price for the location of the hotel (10 mins walk to Oxford St) but despite booking months earlier we could not have the two twin rooms as requested, only one was available (though they did throw in a two free glasses of wine by means of an apology). The rooms were 'cosy' but clean and the bathroom must have been one of the smallest I have ever seen. 'Good use of space' is probably a fair comment. Breakfast was hectic as its a large hotel and tea from a girl walking round with a thermos jug rather than a teapot, when in England, is quite poor. Nevertheless there was a good choice of food and all of it more than edible. Room service menu is worded well but the quality is nothing like it when it arrives - overpriced too.I would stay there again and probably recommend it - but not to any posh friends!	
Oct 27 2007 	Probably my 8th Stay - And a Good Stay as Usual	I've stayed at this hotel several times when I used to work as an expat in the UK and previously on short trips to London. I'm always happy when I get this hotel because I know that the service, cleanliness, and standards at this hotel are great.Here is the breakdown:Pros--------+ Within 5 minute walking distance of major tube lines+ Clean rooms and bathrooms and sheets+ Choice of various types of pillows+ pretty good customer service+ Have all the amenities one needsCons-------- Older and dated hotel- View from Windows not spectacular- Concierge desk doesn't really know anything (they just want to book your car service and get the associated kickback)- rooms not large by American standards, but also not overly small eitherAll in all, I definitely would recommend this hotel to a friend.	
Oct 10 2007	Great location good value	I echo previous reviews about the location. The closest tube station is Portland St, but you may want to walk to Warren St station for direct trains to Victoria Station (and Gatwick Express), Buckingham Palace, Chinatown, Soho, and the London Eye. Regent's Park Station is two stops away from Picadilly Circus (theatre district).There's a bus that takes you to Oxford Circus but it often get's tied up in traffic. It may be easier to get off a stop or two before and walk. Also, to check my e-mail for free I visited the Apple Store at Oxford Circus. If you plan to make two or more trips per day by tube/bus, a day pass is economical.There's a self service laundromat on the street adjacent to the hotel.There are two food markets across the Great Portland tube station. With the miserable US dollar, a hamburger, fries and drink might set you back $8-10. A steak dinner is easily $50-75. However, I found some places to eat for reasonable prices. Pret a Manger is a sandwich chain with good selections. For less than 5 pounds ($10), I ate at Mr Wu's Chinese Buffet, Irving Street, Leicester Square, close to theatres. Of course, there are McDonald's and Burger Kings dotted all over the city.Have fun.	
Oct 5 2007 	Will stay here again	I Stayed here for 3 nights and I must say the room they gave me was very tidy and exceptionally clean. It was an inward facing room and so quiet you could hear a pin drop. The hotel is well kept and the staff all seem very friendly and accommodating. The breakfasts are superb with the food prepared in front of you and lots of it! For a central London hotel this is good value at the corporate I paid for the stay. The only thing I can say that was a negative is there was no gym or exercise facilities, but I knew that before I booked. As it is about 100mtrs from Gt Portland St underground station it has superb transport links with the rest of London	
Sep 20 2007 	Great Stay at holiday inn regents park	We stayed at holiday inn for 3 days and had a wonderful stay.....hotel was clean and in an excellent location.....was a nice quiet street.....but only 10 mins walk to oxford street and from there easy walking distance to chinatown, soho, piccadily circus carnaby street etc. Was also only 2 minute walk to the tube for venturing further afield. Is a little cafe called Meze right beside the tube which i would recommend for a late breakfast / lunch.....very reasonable, food was fresh and clean. Found Staff to be courteous and helpful at all times. With reference to a previous comment from someone about mini bar......i removed a couple of items (when trying to find somewhere to put a pint of milk) and phoned reception told them and they said no problem.....so if you do move items by accident just let them know and you wont be charged.All in all a lovely stay.	
Sep 16 2007 	Great hotel Great location	We have just returned from a 2 night weekend stay at the Holiday Inn Regents park and it was great. The staff are really friendly, it is in a great central location that is, amazingly, still very quiet. The room we had was actually a diabled room but it was clean to a high standard (and I am fussy when it comes to cleanliness) and it was fresh and well sized. We ate in the bar on the first night and that was good and the staff were really friendly - saying hello even if they weren't serving you. There are some great touches in this hotel that are probably Holiday Inn standard but that made our stay much better such as the pillow menu. If I was staying in London I would definitely stay here again!	
Sep 13 2007 	basic and clean not customer friendly	Stayed for 3 months on a business tip. The location is good, a minute's walk from the tube, a lot of nice restaurants and Osford Street shopping within walking distance. The hotel is basic Holiday Inn bland style, well maintained and clean. However, the hotel still maintains the old, aggravating altitude of overpricing extras, especially the 15 pounds per day charge for internet connection. In many hotels this is, as it should be, included in the basic room price (Internet connection should be considered as basic as hot water or clean sheets), but in any case this is an extremely high charge. The hotel also puts those terrible see through mini-bars in the room, which when opened automatically put charges on your bill, and in which you cannot store any personal stuff, such as a bottle of water. This anti-visitor altitude lowers the marks for this otherwise OK, albeit boring, hotel.	
Sep 2 2007 	Excellent Hotel	Excellent Hotel, the staff were all very pleasant and helpful. Check in was very pleasant and quick. The rooms were spotless and to a high standard. Yes they are not the biggest I have been in but for the location and standard it was worth it. Breakfast was lovely, You had all cooked food, pasties etc, really nice. The tube is 2 seconds away and easy travel to all the London sites. It is a five minute walk to Oxford Street and we walked instead of the tube, its nice to see the buildings on the way. This is an excellent hotel and would stay again.	
Aug 14 2007 	Bathroom Bijou but Bar prices ... 	A good Hotel in a great central location in a quiet side street St off busy Great Portland Street but within easy walking distance of Greatt Portland Street Underground station. The Hotel can look a little drab from the outside (blank walls and bare concrete) but the frontage is attractive and inside it is bright and welcoming.The room was not large (especially by US standards) but very comfortably furnished in a modern style, including some slightly odd artwork on the wall - someone seemed to have framed up the contents of a packet of biscuits ! The air conditioning was responsive and excellent. The bathroom was indeed small but perfectly adequate - I'm a guy, how long DO you spend in there - and very clean and shining brightly. The room door is opened by an electronic key card and this actually worked correctly, every time, a first in my experience ! I was impressed by the Breakfast service which was a smooth and competent operation even though the restaurant was very busy and the buffet offered a good selection of both hot and cold items, the only downside was the coffee, which was poured by table staff from a large vacuum jug (you did not get a cafetiere) and there seemed to be no easy way of getting a refill ...The Bar is comfortable and pleasant, arranged in a slightly odd semi-circular manner around the lift lobby on the first floor. The service was excellent but I thought that the prices were a little high even for central London.Checkout was efficient and trouble-free. The Concierge was happy to keep our luggage for several hours after we had checked out, and to call us a Taxi when we returned to collect it.This is an attractive and well-run Hotel in a central location, the staff were all pleasant, helpful and competent and I would recommend this as somewhere to stay in Central London..	
Aug 11 2007 	Great Location	We booked in a here on a special offer of 2 nights for the price of one so it was great value for the location. I am not sure if I would pay the ful price as we tend to travel on a budget.The Hotel is just around the corner from Great Portland Street tube station so if you are coming Circus is 10 mins walk away and everywere is easy to get to by Tube. The area the hotel is in is nice and relaxed with small restaurants all around. Also around the corner is a Tesco Metro and a launderette if you are staying for a few days and need to wash clothes. The hotel seems to be fairly new inside, the outside is awful looking but don't let that put you off. We got a room on the 5th floor looking at the BT tower, which looks great at night lit up and is also great as a beacon for finding the hotel as it is just 2 blocks away.The rooms are very small as expected in London, but have everything you need. They could do with sliding bathroom doors instead of ones that open inwards as anyone who is on the larger side must have problems getting in the bath/shower. Maybe it's just bad design but a bath was also a bad idea, a shower cubical would have been a better use of the tiny space. The rooms are lovely and clean and the only problem I can see people haing is the size of the room. Americans will be shocked but to Brits we expect it.I would stay at this hotel again if I got a good rate again but at the full rack rate I would feel ripped off. I would say don't pay more than £130 a night we paid that for 2 nights as the second was free.	
Aug 9 2007 	Mostly good	The bad points first - the rooms are small and the bathrooms are even smaller. The selection at breakfast was not as good as some Holiday Inns and they served the (very weak) tea from a flask rather than giving me a teapot. The rest was good. Courteous staff, very good air conditioning (on the hottest day of the year), good value (£80 for bed and breakfast), quiet location though near to Great Portland Street and Regent's Park tubes, clean and comfortable. Fine if you can cope with the small rooms - recommended for short stays.	
Aug 6 2007 	Holiday Inn London - Regent's Park	Date: 2nd - 6th August 2007Hotel: Holiday Inn Regent's Park, LondonBy: Psi from SwitzerlandThe Hotel can be really recommended. Rooms are clean, friendly staff, room-sizes for London standards acceptable. Rates very fair - thanks to hotwire!very close to 3 tube stations and a couple of minutes walk to Oxford Street.	
Jul 22 2007 	Great Hotel	Great hotel to stay in. The Holiday Inn had a contemporary style with a friendly and helpful staff. The internet was very expensive, however you can find internet cafe's out and about through London.	
Jul 16 2007 	Highly recommended	We chose this hotel because we wanted A/C and a quiet location, as well as good access to the Tube.We read the other reviews about the hotel and we definitely agree that the rooms are small (very small closets!)and not up to Holiday Inn rooms in other countries (for example, the U.S.) but we were told to expect this in all hotels in London.BUT this is definitely the ONLY down side. The staff was superb, the cleanliness of the hotel (rooms, public areas, dining) was without a fault and we feel that choosing this hotel really helped make our stay (8 nights - 9 days) in London a success.First of all, the hotel is located in short walking distance to 3 tube stations (5-6 tube lines), and is a 10-15 minute easy walk to Oxford Street and Soho. There are many reasonably priced little restaurants in the immediate area, as well as a small supermarket, coffee shops and pubs. The area is so quiet at night that you can hear a pin drop!We came with a B + B deal and the enormous breakfast kept us full until dinner. We even ate dinner at the restaurant (There was a 20% discount on that weekend) and the food was excellent and the prices comparable to an average restaurant.This is not a cheap hotel but we felt that we definitely got value for money.	
Jul 12 2007 	Not really value for money!	Location is excellent, quiet suburb only a very short walk from Great Portland Street station. From the outside the hotel looks like it needs a make over, but inside it is clean and modern.We got off to a bad start, check-in time was 14:00 and we arrived at 14:30. Shouldn't have been a problem, but the guy at the desk(who seemed to be the manager), told us the room wouldn't be available for another 30 minutes, even though he never looked at our reservation or asked for our names. Our temperatures continued to rise as we sat in the reception area and watched other guests arrive, check-in and go to their rooms, until we decided to make our move and went to a different receptionist who sorted things out for us. The room itself was clean and well decorated, though some renovation work was underway on our floor. The twin room was very small, and one of the beds had a chair and table propped against it as there was nowhere else to put them. The bathroom wasn't big enough to swing a mouse, and you had to get right up against the toilet in order to close the door, and we're not large people. Not quite the 4* luxury we'd been led to believe!Still, this was just a room for the night as we'd come to see Genesis in Twickenham. After the concert we got back to the hotel and headed for the bar (of course). It was 00:30, the barman was polite, helpful and apologetic when he told us he couldn't take cash after 23:00. No problem, we gave him our room number! Yes problem, we decided not to give the receptionist our credit card details when we checked in, so he couldn't charge it to our room. Third time lucky, we paid by debit card. This may be standard practise in many hotels, I don't know, but what a palaver just to get a couple of ridiculously over-priced drinks!The check-out time for this hotel is 12:00 and breakfast is served to 10:00, so we weren't amused when the cleaner tried to get into our room at 08:45. This could have been most embarrasing for both parties! On a positive note the breakfast was fantastic, and as much as you could eat, and I thought the coffee was much better than in most other hotels we've used. I'm glad it was included in the price, because there's no way I would've coffed up 15 quid for it though!We stayed at this hotel because it came as a package (concert ticket and 1 night's hotel), which we bought cheaply on ebay. I phoned the hotel to see if we could stay the night before as well, and they told me it would be £160 including breakfast. Sorry, but I would not entertain the thought of paying that, and to be honest, it wouldn't have been worth it.All in all, not a bad hotel, but well over-priced............or am I from another planet?	
Jul 8 2007	Nice Location Standard Hotel!!!	I stayed here for seven nights in early June 2007. The hotel is located in a quite residential area. Great Portland Underground is 2 mins walk, Warren Street is approx 8 mins, so there is no problem tours London via the Underground. A TESCO Express is also nearbyCheck in was smooth, I was given the key cards and was in my rooms mins latter. It was small but well furnished; the bathroom was fine but smallish a standard in London. The furniture was pretty old and signs of wear off are visible throughout the room.We had breakfast included in our rate and was fine, service was good and was replenished regularly. But would never pay 15 GBP per head for it!!!Please beware not to take a room in the second floor in which you will be hearing some noise from both their meeting rooms and the kitchens under.Oxford Street is 15 mins walk, Madam Tussauds also is within walking distant.Quit a good &quot;smallish hotel&quot;.	
Jun 27 2007 	Ripped Off	On Monday 25th June 07, we were stuck in London as there were no trains running to Scotland due to the flooding. As we are priority club members of the Holiday Inn, we decided to look for one nearby. A cab driver took us to the Holiday Inn at Bloomsbury. They were fully booked, so I asked the receptionist to contact another nearby H.I. and he phoned the H.I. at Regents Park. I spoke to someone there and she quoted £249 per night (including breakfast) but not VAT. As it was getting late and we had no wish to traipse all over looking for better deals, we accepted this. The following morning when we paid the bill, it had gone up to £269 plus vat. I queried this and was asked - do you have this quote in writing, the sorry final total was £308.10. i was also told that if I wasn't happy - to write in complaining about the price.The hotel is undergoing refurbishment - a new modern bathroom in our room - but it is so small. Modern, clean hotel and central for all tourist attractions - but the price!!!!!	
Jun 16 2007 	A/C That works!	If you're staying in London during the summer having an A/C in the room is a huge bonus. Having one that works well is even better!The upside is this hotel is close to the underground and walkable to some of the local attractions. The downside is the rooms are small. Don't be fooled by the outside view (it looks like an enclosed multi storey car park ), as the inside is nice and welcoming including the friendly and efficient staff. Having stayed in a lot of London hotels in this price range I would give this a thumbs up.I didn't bother with breakfast as they were asking nearly 15 pounds each for it ($30 US) which I thought was a bit steep even for London. There are plenty of neighborhood grocery stores where you can pick up breakfast for a fraction of the cost.	
Jun 14 2007 	Average	Average hotel that is centrally located. Near one of the great parks in the world that is great for walking/exercising. Service is okay but the rooms are small - especially the bathroom. Fortunately I was by myself on business. TV was only free to air stations. Had just spent a night in Singapore on the way, paid less in relative terms for the room in Singapore but it was like chalk and cheese - Singapore being a great experience.	
Jun 10 2007 	Good Value	This was a great value location...close enough that one could walk to the sites if you wanted, yet not insane in price. FANTASTIC breakfast buffet. Room was solid...clean, decent...just what you'd expect from a Holiday Inn.	
May 28 2007 	Great Location nice hotel	We got a fab rate for this hotel as part of a Lastminute.com secret hotel deal, it was room only for £55 per night! The hotel was comfortable and clean, the staff were friendly and facilities were good. Our room was an ok size, but our bathroom was small, but with the price we paid I didn't care.The restaurant/bar is expensive and there is a surcharge for room service. The place is a bit of a rabbit warren, everything looking the same etc. The location is great, walking distance to Oxford Street, plus also Great Portland Street and Warren Street tube stations. We walked to Camden one day as well :)I think it is a lower four star if you know what I mean, it has good facilities and functionality but not the luxury. It feels best suited to large groups and business, but as a couple we enjoyed our stay. Have a look around for deals on this hotel and I think you'll enjoy your stay.	
May 23 2007 	A nice place to stay	We only stayed 1 night in Holiday Inn Regent's Park. I was surprised at the check in when they required to see our passports and fill in our home address, but looks like it is common practice. The room was rather small, but clean and comfortable. Breakfast was not included (because of priceline rate) and expensive, but there are 2 stores just a block from the hotel selling sandwiches, yogurts etc. Great Portland St station is very close and much more convenient Regent's Park is well within walking distance. Unfortunately, it is closed till June. The neighbourhood is quite and looks safe.	
Apr 2 2007 	Functional business hotel but quite priceyfor tourists.	I have been using this hotel as a business user for a while. Much quieter hotel (due to good double glazing as well as location) than its sister hotel in Russell Square but not quite as nice an area.Rooms are ok, bit small especially the bathrooms, not ideal for the larger user like myself. Being a loyalty card holder makes no difference here for some reason. They seem to have a problem with newspapers being taken from outside rooms as well. Staff are helpful but, as with most hotels, little recognition of guests even when long staying.Food seems reasonable if not exciting but with a variety of restaurants and coffee shops, breakfast especially is significantly cheaper and tastier outside unless incorporated in the cost of the room. A couple of small supermarkets are close as well. Nice restaurants especially around Googe Street. Internet is available but at a silly price, there is an internet cafe near by but closes at 6pm.Safes are provided in the rooms and the iron I was supplied with was clean and in good condition. TV reception was fine, limited channels and SKY One can have problems but the hotel staff fixed it quickly when I was there. Transport is good with Great Portland Street and Warren Street near by and plenty of buses to Euston and King's Cross.Regents park is only a few minutes away, nice on a summer's day.	
Mar 10 2007 	A pleasant stay	A hotel in an excellent location just two mins from Great Portland Street station and about ten minutes by tube from the West end. We were given this hotel as part of a hotel/theatre deal, and whilst I would never pay the 270 a night, the price we did pay was very reasonable. The outside is a bit grim, however inside it is very nice. The rooms are a bit larger than a standard double and the beds are very comfy. Breakfast is also very good, just watch out for the mad toaster. The bathroom does get very steamy, however all in all a very pleasnt stay.	
Feb 26 2007 	Excellent Hotel 	Stayed here for the weekend of 23rd FEB 2007. Whilst the hotel is nothing special to look at from the outside, the rooms, food and location were fantastic. Just five mins from Great Portland Street tubestation.Would stay in this hotel again.	
Feb 16 2007 	Good for the business traveler	Had a 1 night stay on business during February. The hotel seems to be particularly aimed at the business traveler with a particular emphasis on thier conference fascilities.My room and its bathroom were much smaller than similar quality hotels in London, although it was clean, comfortable and everything worked. For 1 night it was fine, any more than 1 night would not be so comfortable. I was woken at about 5am by what sounded like bin waggons. I don't know if i just happened to have the wrong room (although i was on the 5th of 6 floors) or if this would be a problem in all the rooms.I didn't eat in the restaurant but the bar did a wide selection of meals and snacks at a reasonable price, although the drinks seemed a bit pricey.The staff i came accross were all cheerful and helpful and my checking in and out were both quick and problem free.While it is not far from a tube station there is not a lot in the way of pubs and restaurants in the immediate area, although a 5 minute walk in the right direction (south down Great Portland Street) will get you to a livelier area.All in all the hotel was good for a short business trip, but i would look for something more geared to kids if i was taking my family.	
Jan 29 2007 	Good clean hotel ideally located	Despite an unpromising booking experience, my partner and I enjoyed our stay at the Holiday Inn, Regents Park. The hotel is ideally located, being around 300m from Gt Portland St Tube and near to all the various attractions but set in a very quiet location. The hotel is clean and functional, although it has that blandness that many businesshotels have. Staff were efficient.There are a few restaurants nearby (I can recommend the Shikara indian restaurant, excellent service and food) and the odd shop but not much else. Now to the less good points. I wasn't happy, having paid in advance, to find that I had been charged more than double the quoted amount. However, this was very quickly resolved. Neither was I mpressed by being woken at 8.30am on the morning of check out by the cleaner, despite it being obvious that we were still in situ. She came back 3 times before 9.30am although we'd asked her to leave it for an hour or so. Eventually we started to feel guilty and left!Overall, an enjoyable stay in an anonymous hotel.	
Jan 9 2007 	Great Stay	My husband and I just returned from our England experience. Spent the first half of our trip with my husband's family in Leicester City and then checked into the Holiday Inn Regent's Park in London on New Year's Eve Day. Pleasantly surprised of the size of the room, especially after reading so much on the internet forewarning Americans of the smaller statue of rooms in Europe. And a Shower! Nice! The room was very clean and neat with all we needed. Not too many TV channels but who is in Europe to watch TV, right?!The staff were always very polite and helpful, from the front desk to the concierge, to the restaurant and bar staff. They were running on a limited menu due to the holiday season, but the food was good and the lounge was a great place to sit and unwind after a day of trekking around London and seeing the sites.The location was perfect! The Regent's Park is in a mostly residential area, so it was always quiet and I felt safe walking around at anytime of the day or night, Two tube stations are very close to walk to get anywhere in London within minutesWe already look forward to returning and will mostly likely stay at the Regent's Park again.	
Dec 28 2006	Better not stay there	The hotel is located in a rather quiet area of London but the city centre is really close. Actually, that was the main reason I chose it over other hotels and it'd be quite convenient if you're looking for both relaxation and excitement (Regarding location. Easy access to many shops, the underground, restaurants etc. but not overcrowded).However, I would say that the service is absolutely awful. The staff are extremely rude and unwilling to help, plus some of them don't even speak English. They're all immigrants I suppose so they will either need you to speak slower or they won't understand you at all. The worst part is, you can even get charged for services you never asked for and the price will be anything but reasonable.It's not even up to standard so if you choose to stay, make sure you don't forget anything (they'll charge you exorbitant amounts of money, only to borrow or use some things like battery recharger, razor, Internet connection etc.) and do not ask for services like wake-up calls (they'll probably forget to call you).Overall, my experience was rather bad and I surely do not recommend the hotel to anyone. Maybe if you only want to sleep there it will be fine. But if you want some other comforts too (laundry, room service etc.) the disappointment is almost certain.	
Dec 8 2006 	OK	The location was good with lots of small restaurants nearby. It was also a short walk to two tube stations. The staff were friendly and helpful but the cost, even with a convention discount, was astonishing. I realize that the UK is very expensive but the rate seemed to be out of line with the hotel. To be fair, the hotel was fine--sticker shock. If paying my own bill, however, I would choose something more reasonable.	
Dec 4 2006 	Cleanefficient and good location	The Holiday Inn provides good quality accomodation at a reasonable price.All areas are clean and well cared for.The rooms are usual hotel size,but have everything you need.Bathroom has bath and shower over.Tea,coffee making facilities available in the room with large mugs--excellent at the end of the day.The hotel is 5 minutes from Great Portland St Station,and we purchased day tickets for the underground and travelled everywhere!Breakfast is buffet style,hot and cold and is very good.Orange juice is even freshly squeezed.All staff are polite and well trained.Overall,a good base for a week-end stay.	
Nov 13 2006 	Nice hotel and nice location	Stayed here for one week in July 2004. The hotel was nice and the staff were pleasant. The location was close to the tube station (about 1-2 minute walk from the hotel lobby). The hotel was in a quiet location, but within walking distance to busier spots. I really liked this spot and got a great price through travelocity.com's last minute packages. When I went back to London in December 2004 I was going to reserve this hotel again, but I found a better price somewhere else. Overall I would say it's a nice basic hotel. Our room had its own private bathroom.	
Nov 11 2006 	Very Disappointing	On line pricing very deceptive, started off at £135, but by the time I added breakfast and then they added VAT at end - cost over £170. Because I was staying with someone else there, had to pick this hotel, so at price, was hoping for something nicer. Concierge very friendly and helpful, reception impressive. Room was cold, yet it was quite mild outside for October. Mould in bathroom, furniture patched up with different wood, general decor in room and corridors etc very shabby. Hated the tube of hair and body shampoo bolted to wall in bathroom (used my own so it wasn't problem but expected more). Ate in bar that night, service slow, food cold by time we got it and asked for steak (in sandwich) to be extremely well cooked - cremated in fact - couldn't eat it because it was pink. Next morning at breakfast, restaurant manager telling staff off in front of guests and tried to get one guest to move half way through her breakfast. Filled in survey, but nobody got back to me.	
Sep 12 2006 	Quite nice - for a Holiday Inn	Holiday Inn's have a bit of a reputation as being cheap and cheerful. The perfect place for your average Joe to stay at for a few nights relatively cheaply. Well my name is not Joe and I wanted more. Still the sales promotion of the hotel was offering more so I gave it a go.The hotel was relatively easy to find. It is down King's Cross road. It was a bit of a further walk from the King's Cross tube station that I was expecting, fortuantely I didn't have too much luggage with me. On Entering the hotel it seemed clean, welcoming and rather nice inside. The reception desk was right at the front entrance of the hotel. Booking in was trouble free. The reception desk was busy but it took no time at all to get to my turn in the queue due to diligent reception staff. All details of my booking were correct. I was given directions to the lifts and to my room. On entering my room I realised it was quite a large room (double bed, single occupancy). It was clean and tidy and well presented.On closer inspection of some of the furniture you could see it was a bit cheap and nasty. After a while of looking round the room I realised that I did not have my TV remote. I went down to reception to ask for a new remote. They were quick to get me a new remote delivered to my room. The food at the hotel was rather nice and served with a smile and to the way that I wanted it.The location is not so great. King's Cross is not the best location in London. I know it is not the worst place in Central London and that it is improving but it is still not the greatest of places to stay.The price of the room was very well priced (I know it is a Holiday Inn but the price was still good).Conclusionso - Staff helpfulo - Cheap but reasonably good qualityo - Large rooms - big bang for the bucko - Food pretty goodo - Location a bit shabbyo - Quite a walk from the nearest tube station but not too bad.	
Sep 11 2006 	Excellent Value and Location	We just returned from a 5 night stay at this hotel. I booked through the British Airways Holidays website and got an excellent rate, including full breakfast. I decided to book, based on the generally good reviews here on TA.I was not disappointed at all. The hotel itself is very nice, with a modern and comfortable reception area/Lobby. The room was small, but perfectly fine. It had a chair with reading lamp, a desk and a dresser. The bathroom was very tiny, but perfectly fine to use. The shower was great, with lots of hot water and good pressure. The restaurant was very pleasant and the full English breakfast was quite good. There was a large variety of food, including eggs, sausages, kippers, bacon, cereal, pastries, juices, etc.The location of the hotel is excellent, on a quiet street, about 10 minutes' walk from Oxford St. and 1 minute walk to a Tube station. Also, if you are coming from Heathrow, it's only a short 6 GPB taxi ride from Paddington, if you use the Heathrow Express. On Cleveland St., one block over, is a group of wonderful restaurants of all kinds for dinner.We had a problem with the lights not working in our room when we arrived, but the front desk was very efficient and pleasant, and moved us quickly to a new room without any fuss. All the staff were extremely professional and courteous and helpful. The two reasons I didn't give it five stars were the tiny bathroom, and the fact that 2 of three elevators were not working during most of our stay, and we ended up taking the stairs to our third floor room when we didn't want to wait.Overall, this hotel seems to avoid most of the problems I've read here on TA with budget hotels in London. It's clean, modern, Air Conditioned and reasonably-priced. I will most likely book here again when I return to London.	
Aug 15 2006 	Great location in quiet neighbourhood	Stayed here during the July heatwave – warm in the corridors but air condition coped admirably in rooms. Very friendly receptionists, good breakfasts and decent service from the waiters/waitresses.Room could have been slightly larger, but was clean and tidy with good shower and plenty of hot water.I would recommend this hotel for its convenience to the city centre and also for relaxing in Regent's Park. Doesn't suffer from continual traffic noise even with the windows open due to the fact it situated down a side street near Fitzroy Square.Several decent restaurants nearby (turn left out of reception) and into Cleveland Street where there is a great Italian and a good fish and chip shop. Another few minutes takes you into Charlotte Street where there are several restaurants to suit all pockets.From there Oxford Street is only minutes away.One word of warning both Regent's Park and Great Portland Street Underground stations are closed at the moment so use Warren Street which is only 10 minutes away.This is the third or fourth time we've stayed here and never been disappointed.	
Jul 15 2006	Okay Not great. Expected more	Frankly, I expected more from this hotel based on the prior reviews. The location is relatively accessible, but be aware that it is not near any of the attractions. Even Madame Tussaud's is a long walk. It is located relatively close to two metro stations, but neither of these lines really goes close to the usual tourist sights, so you need to change at Piccadilly or Leicester. We ended up taking an on-off bus tour, but this was a bit difficult as traffic and road construction meant it took a very long time to get anywhere.The rooms were VERY small. I booked a triple for myself and two children ages 9 and 13. The room was a shoebox, barely big enough for the queen size bed and cot they added to the room. I expected a true triple room when I booked, as these are quite common in Europe (we got a triple in Paris, no problem). When I inquired about the availability of a larger room, I was told that all rooms are the same size. (This apparently is true, as my mother's room was a similarly sized shoe box). The bath was also very small. On a positive note, the rooms were very clean and the air conditioning and plumbing worked well. The concierge staff were very nice and helpful. There were many good restaurants in walking distance. Breakfasts were very fullsome, with the typical english eggs, sausage, fruit and toast. The internet service in the lobby worked well, although I was surprised that I had to pay for it. For my money, I'd stay in a better location, as the rooms couldnt' be any smaller than at this Holiday Inn. Overall, a very average hotel.	
Jun 28 2006	The Holiday Inn London - Regent's Park is great	I traveled from just outside Euston on a number 30 bus (number 18 goes the same way), using my of peak day travel card (these are a great idea as you can use them on train, underground and buses), to Great Portland Street (underground) station. If you have heavy cases, do not travel to Great Portland Street by train, as there are many stairs.The walk from Great Portland Street station is only a few minutes, though you can see the Holiday Inn from the station exit, to entre the hotel you need to walk along the side of it and round the corner, this is still not far. I arrived early, at approx 11am (Sunday 25th 2006), when check in is at 2pm. As I had an appointment, I asked if I could leave my bags with the concierge. The check in assistant was extreamly helpful , and offered me an early check in! Now, some people seem to think that the test of a good, or even great hotel, is for there to be no problems (which seems silly to me, as problems happen in the best run lives and businesses), however, to me, the test is how staff solve problems and how helpful and pleasent they are when doing so.Having checked in, I went to my room on the second floor, it face and inner courtyard, was a little tired looking and, the main trouble with it was that it smelt musty. So, I returned to check in and told the assistant, (his name is Nicholas) and he change the room straight away, with no problem. This new room was on the third floor, facing out on to a quiet residential street, and had obviously been refurbished (there was no musty smell either). Having been able to freshen up and leave my bags, I went down to reseption again to ask how to get to Highbury and Islington station. Nicholas pointed out the best route to Warren Street underground station (Victoria and Northern line) and called the concierge to make sure that the Victoria line was running. So I made my appointment with time to spare (dispite the fact that most of the underground was *suspended* due to enginering work....check before you travel, though the buses still run, so its not really a problem). If you are carrying a lot of shopping, or bags, go to and from Warren Street on the Victoria line, as there are escaltors, which there arent on the Northern line.The room was plenty big enough for me, and I would think big enough for two people, as you tend not to spend that much time in your room when in London. I dont see the point, at this Holiday Inn, in paying the extra for an Executive room, as its the same room, with extras like a robe, slippers, mineral water, juice and *luxuray* toiletries.In the room you will find, a laptop safe, tea/coffee making area (which is restoked daily, or you can call to have more dilivered), a TV, with Sky one, Sky News, a music channel etc. Desk with desk chair, high speed modem connection (approx.£15 for 24 hours), easy chair and side table, and lots of lights. As in many hotels, and especially those that have been refurbished, or are new, the electrical sockets are placed too close to the desk surface, so that you have great difficaulty in plugging things in (the only place I could plug in my phone charger was where the kettle is usually plugged in). If I take my Laptop with me, I usually take a small two way extention lead with me, so I can easily plug in anywhere. Air con did work, but was a little confusing at first. The bathroom is a good size, with a full size bath (I'm 5' 6'' and I could lay out in the bath) and shower, with good presure. There is a container of combined showergel/shampoo on the wall in the shower/bath and another of liquid soap by the hand basin, fannels (face cloths in the US) and towels are provided and the barthroom was pleasantly warm.Breakfast was included in my rate (its worth looking for rates that do include breakfast, and VAT too, if you can find it) and it was really nice, nothing was dry or rubbery, the fried eggs were cooked on a plate infront of you. Various juices, and cerials were also avalible, and I asked for hot milk to go with my coffee, which was no trouble for them at all. Free newspapers are left on a table by the lift on each floor, and there are a selection avalible at breakfast (and by the conciege desk).Between the hotel and Great Portland street, there are two mini Supermarkets, a tesco express and a local store. Tesco is open till midnight and the other is 24hrs.I was booked to stay at another hotel in London, the following weekend. Having checked out the area around the other hotel (the hotel its self was really great and the staff helpful) I decided to see if I could stay at the Regent's Park again, at the same rate. Lis, who had helped me with other questions during my stay, was very helpful and found me the same rate (I always book via the hotels own web site, you get a much better deal that way). So, once home, I cancelled my booking at the other hote and booked at the Regents Park (thank you Vernon for helping when I phoned up after Lis had gone home), so I will be back there in two days for the weekend.	
Jun 3 2006	good hotel good location	I was looking for a hotel which was clean, close to Soho and not too noisy. The Regent's Park Holiday Inn absolutely met these expectations. The staff was kind and very helpful. In the evening I was a bit cold and phoned housekeeping for an extra blanket. They brought it to my room within 10 minutes. The room I stayed in was handicapped accessible, apparently it was the only room with a king sized bed left. But that was fine, for even if the sink was a litte low for me (I am not handicapped), the room was quite large and the bathroom even bigger.The closest tube station is Great Portland Street. There is a corner shop selling food and drink right next to it, aswell as a supermarket. The hotel is about three minutes walk from the tube and about 10-15 minutes walk from Oxford Street.I had booked two months earlier via the internet and got a rate of approx 150 Euro/night. Of course that's expensive, but considering it's in London, I would say it's OK for what you get at the Regent's Park Holiday Inn. Would definitely stay there again!	
May 24 2006	Can't fault it	Was very impressed by this hotel, standards are higher than other Holiday Inns I have stayed in. Room was spacious, bathroom had a great shower! Shame about the view from the window but I suppose that can't be helped. Breakfast was just what the doctor ordered the morning after - fab! Would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 2 2006	better than expected!	Stayed at the hotel as i was attending an interview there. I found the hotel easy to find, (visible from the tube station) clean, welcoming and friendly. As a woman traveling alone for the first time, I felt completely comfortable and at ease. Reception and restaurant staff were all very helpful, the room was larger than I expected and obviously recently renovated- best night's sleep I'd had in weeks! Would definitely stay again.	
Mar 29 2006	Practical convenient business orientated.	As many other reviewers have said this is a well situated easily accessible functional hotel with good public transport links that is ideal for the business traveller but perhaps a little souless and bland for those wanting a more romantic experience. The rooms are a trifle claustrophobic but are fully equipped and the housekeeping standards appear high. Reception/concierge staff are pleasant and knowledgeable. Breakfast is perfectly adequate but steer clear of the Hotel restaurant - there are several good Mediterranean/ Greek/ Indian eateries of good standard and reasonably priced within spitting distance. There is an attached Conference facility which makes for a busy lobby most of the time. Having stayed here a few times recently the room uptake rate seems high so you will be lucky to get a reduced cost deal.	
Mar 28 2006 	Well located but "compact"	I stayed in the Holiday Inn Regents Park on a brief stopover in London.The hotel is well situated, convenient for shopping and nightlife, close to a tube station, but still quiet due to its location on a residential side street.The bedrooms were adequate: a little cramped, but well furnished, standard business hotel facilities - everything you need but somewhat unimaginative. Unfortunately the bathroom was definitely on the cramped side and was also a bit tired - could do with a refurbishment and better planning.The public areas were open and roomy and had obviously been recently (and tastefully) decorated. Buffet breakfast was included in my room rate (GBP 5.00 more than without breakfast) and was certainly worthwhile with a full range of english breakfast items on offer along with cold meats, cheese, various breads etc. Service here was fast and attentive, as was check-in/out.All in all, a decent and convenient hotel for a short stopover, but maybe not so suitable for a longer term stay.	
Mar 21 2006 	Small rooms are OK if in the right location	My wife and I spend one or two nights in London for business/leisure on average once or twice a month. The Holiday Inn Regents Park is one of our favourite hotels - why?It is certainly not for the architecture - 1970's brick (first two floors) and concrete panel (upper floor) box.It is not for the size of the rooms - which I think are small even by London standards.It may be because of its location - close to our London train terminal (Euston); the three underground stations mentioned by other reviewers; the good bus service to Oxford Circus (buses 88,453,C2 each with a better than 10 minute frequency up to midnight, and a 3 minute off peak journey time) Piccadilly Circus (buses 88&amp;453 - 7 minutes out of rush) Trafalgar Square [resonable for Theatres but also an easy change to routes along the Strand] (88 &amp; 453 - 10 minutes) Houses of Parliament (88 &amp; 453 - 20 minutes) as well as the routes along Euston Road which take you to Madam Taussauds and other areas; being a short walk from Regents Park or a longer walk to Oxford Street or the British Museum. As noted elsewhere, the hotel is in a quiet safe residential / hospital area with good local restaurants, cafes and food outlets.It may because of the facilities in the room - all the amenities we want are crammed in: room safe, internet access, mini bar, trouser press, hairdryer, bath and shower to name but a few. Because of the frequency of my visits (Priority Club - Platinum)we usually get upgraded to an executive standard room which are not any larger but which gives us complimentary fresh fruit, bottled water and orange juice, and a newspaper.It may be because of its good rates - I ruthlessly use the offers on the internet and often get a deal which includes breakfast at a rate close to the standard rate you would pay at a lodge type hotel well outside London without breakfast.It may also be because of the friendly welcoming staff. I have never had anyone who was less than helpful on Reception, in the Restaurant or acting as a concierge (which service it does provide, unlike a number of other chain hotels in London). Other points:The restaurant is fine for breakfast, which is an extensive buffet, if it is included in the rate. If not go elsewhere or do your own. We cannot report on other meals in the hotel as we much prefer the local, usually ethnic - Mediterrean, restaurants around the hotel, or if late back from the theatre bring a salad in from one of the late night foodstores.Car Parking is available at a cost in an NCP car park under the hotel. At weekends and evenings there is some on street meter parking nearby (free between 20:00 and 08:00 hrs) but watch for residents only areas and parking during the day (after 09:30 ?) is available in Regents Park. The hotel is just inside the Congestion Charging Zone - it is possible to leave your car outside the zone and walk in with wheeled cases if desired.Rooms were generally redecorated during 2003 and we have since found them clean and well maintained - although sometimes with the odd hitch. (This last time the TV system went down on the Saturday morning and we had limited fuzzy pictures on the analogue channels only, but it was being fixed when we checked out.) Rooms have heat / air conditioning units and seperate central heating radiators but also windows that open - my first requirement of any hotel. At the Holiday Inn the surrounding area is so quiet, it is a pleasure to have the window open - except on the occasion the builders renonnovating a nearby building decided to load a skip first thing in the morning! The only other source of noise we have noticed is other guests whose have not adopted the corridor ettiquette of trying to be as quiet as a mouse that we aspire to. But these were isolated incidents and are much less frequent than the irritations experienced at any other city hotel we have stayed in.There is no pool or gym.We hope you enjoy the hotel - but do leave room for us on our next visit.	
Feb 10 2006 	Clean and comfortable	Stayed here for two nights whilst on a training course. Hotel is in excellent location, short walk from Oxford St, and near a tube, but in a quiet, safe mostly residential area. Plenty of good restaurants nearby (I ate in Cleveland Kitchen and Terra). The hotel was spotless everywhere I looked, and very comfortable, the staff helpful. I didn't try any of the hotel's food or bar. Excellent for business trips, my only criticism is the hotel's a fairly soulless concrete box, if you're on holiday you might prefer something with a bit more character.	
Feb 8 2006	Great hotel in a great location	We got a great deal for this hotel on Expedia, and chose it mostly for its location: just a few blocks from Regent's Park for jogging, very quiet street, near 3 different subway stops that take you anywhere, and only one block from Villandry, a superb gourmet food store, bakery, and restaurant. We went there for breakfast every day (much cheaper than in hotel) and to get provisions for the plane ride home (pastries, breads, etc.) Anyway, the hotel is very new inside, the staff very helpful, and our room was very spacious for London. The bathroom was fine although the water pressure left something to be desired. Overall, I'd stay here again and again because of the reasonable price and the nice location. Do be aware that the nearest subway stop, Great Portland St., closes fairly early at night.	
Jan 8 2006	Great Location	Both husband and I are regular visitors to London, and we have stayed at this hotel on several occasions. The hotel is in a excellent location being only minutes away from a tube station. The hotel is clean and the staff are friendly. This is a great place to stay for anyone who is looking to book a reasonably priced hotel.	
Jan 5 2006	Good hotel	We booked this hotel through a package on Priceline and were very pleased. We requested a renovated room, and while it was small (by American standards), it was very clean and comfortable. The location is excellent and is literally a 2 minute walk from 2 tube stops (Portland Street and Regent's Park), however, we rarely took the tube to those stops and opted for Oxford Circus instead (which is more central and is also only a 10 minute walk). Travelers should note that the area around this hotel is VERY sleepy. I.e. there is very little to no street or foot traffic when we would leave in the morning and return at night. However, the neighborhood is quite nice and is well situated and safe. The only downside that we experienced was the concierge was not so helpful or knowledgeable - 2 examples: 1) when asked where to go for breakfast he recommended Starbucks. When we said we wanted a place with hot breakfast he had no recommendations (incidentally, Villandry around the corner is very nice as is Cafe Meze next to the Great Portland Street tube stop); 2) when we booked the Original Tour Bus with the Concierge he gave us incorrect information as to where to pick up the bus. Still. overall a good hotel and we would stay here again.	
Jan 3 2006	Things Go Bump In the Night	I stayed here because everything else was filled up. The heat didn't work, and after fruitless discussions with the desk clerk I went out and bought a small electric heater, then demanded the hotel reduce my bill by the cost (about $30). There were noticeable clanking, banging, and thudding noises 24 hours a day: I guess because it's a '70's vintage concrete UK building and all the mechanical noises like elevators etc. resonate throughout. The hallways are really the worse for wear, and the rooms were pretty small. The whole thing felt claustrophobic to me. The rates were graciously jacked up to around $300 per night because of the tight availability--I wonder why all the other Holiday Inns were filled but this one still had availability? I usually stay the the Holiday Inn at King's Cross, which is much nicer. The only advantage to the Regent's Park is its proximity to lots of things, but I will never stay there again. The whole thing felt second-rate for first-rate prices.	
Jan 2 2006	We love our stay at this fine hotel!	When we booked this hotel, we expected it to be a decent hotel for a very good price. Wow...we were very happily surprised by how nice this hotel turned out to be. The rooms were modern, clean and a nice size for a London hotel room. The location was very close to the Underground and within walking distance to great shopping including Oxford Street. The staff was pleasant and our room was very quiet and very comfortable. I would stay there again in a second.	
Jan 1 2006	Beautiful and Cheap Hotel in London	Stayed Dec. 30 to Jan. 3, 2006. Celebrated New Year in London. Beautiful hotel and a very cheap one. The breakfast is excellent. I'm currently writing this review in my room. I did not expect to find a cheap hotel in central London considering all other hotels are at 200 pounds range, meaning 400 Us dollars a night. I got a rate of only 170 US a night. a bargain. London is very expensive so it would be a steal if you could find a decent place to stay, a warm and comfortable accommodation in winter.Stay here, you won't regret it. If you are particular with cost like water and internet fees, then don't think of going to London, I've been to several cities worldwide, by far, London is the most expensive. From the fare, water and tips. So it is important that your accommodation is cheap and at the same time staying in a branded hotel.	
Dec 22 2005	Lovely hotel	we stay in various Holiday Inns for leisure across the country and this is one of the better ones. The staff are friendly and helpful, the lounge/bar cosy and comfortable and very modern decor leather seats etc. like lots of Holiday Inns in the UK. Breakfast great like all Holiday Inns. One thing is the rooms - theyre spotless and clean all the three times weve stayed in here and have all the facilities you expect, comfy beds, duvet etc. the reason for why the previous reviewer said about some rooms being tired tho is that some floors were given a total makeover a couple of years ago I think and are very contemporary and stylish and look new and everything, I think theyre the 3rd and 5th, last time we stayed there, and some floors look contemporary and v.modern but are a bit more tired cos they were refurbished a couple years previous when it was a posthouse but theyre modern too, and then a couple of floors (like the photos on here) are a bit older. For all I know though they may refurb these rooms by the time you go and one thing in this hotel - is the high standards of cleanliness and maintence is good. The rooms are very comfortable.	
Dec 15 2005	Oknothing more	Stayed at the holiday-inn early December,hotel is OK at best.Rooms are small,dont book an executive room it is not worth the money,rooms are clean but look a little tired.Staff at reception OK nothing special,staff at breakfast excellent and friendly.Overall just like any other London 3 star hotel	
Dec 7 2005	Good hotel.	I stayed there with my wife for eight nights. The staff was very nice and helpful. The breakfast buffet was extraordinary and the location is great, as most of London's attractions are within a walking distance (Regent's park, Bloomsbury, Oxford circus, Camden, etc...).My only complaint is that my wife asked for an smoking room, and even though our room suited our expectations, the floor in which it was located was not as clean as the rest of the hotel.If you wish to stay there, ask for a non somking room.	
Nov 27 2005 	Super quiet - esp on the inside	This is a pleasant hotel. For its central location, its great feature is that it is super quiet. The roads around it have very little traffic and if you want a really, really quiet room, demand one on the inside, overlooking the courtyard - that way you can open your windows and never hear even the whisper of a car. The bar is a little soul-less, but there are plenty of good local drinking establishments nearby.	
Nov 21 2005	Not bad but fairly small rooms	Stayed here on a weekend in London with my wife, catching up with friends. Hotel is reasonably well located; Regent St\Oxford St is not too far to walk but for other areas like Soho, Covent Gdn, Southbank, etc, you'll probably want to take the tube. There are 3 stations within 15 mins walk of the hotel (the closest is &lt; 5 mins) which together cover most lines. The hotel is a typical London chain hotel and a typical Holiday Inn, so you know what to expect. It is clean, tidy, service is pretty good and rooms are comfortable. However, the rooms are pretty small for a holiday inn, even an executive room was not much bigger than the double bed (no king here). Fine for single occupany but a little too small for two. Breakfast was good quality but the usual astronomical London hotel prices (approx £16).Check-in was fast (using Priority Club express check in) but check-out took ages because of a coach-party checking in (seems a frequent occurance). They do have an express check-out but the bill on the TV was wrong so I needed to query it.	
Nov 9 2005	who could ask for anything more????	First of all, this is NOT an American Holiday Inn. If you're looking for spacious rooms, this is not for you. However, if you've stayed in London before and experienced some of the other hotel offerings, this may be just the place for you.Location - ideal, minutes from Great Portland Street(Circle, District and Hammersmith Lines) and Warren Street(Northern Line) tube stops, within walking distance of Oxford Circus, Regent Street and Piccadilly (40 minutes), Leicester Square and all the theaters (30 minutes), Starbucks (1 minute) and a great street of ethnic restaurants (Cleveland Street) at reasonable prices.One caveat - this is a business area and as a result cabs are hard to come by on weekends. My rate did not include breakfast so I avoided the food scene at the hotel. I would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 9 2005	Excellent Location Great Value!	We just returned from a 5 day trip and we were very pleased with our accomodations in room 629 on the 6th (top floor) of the hotel. The room was clean, quiet and comfortable. The location of the hotel is excellent just a couple blocks south from the Great Portland Tube with 2 other tube stations within an easy walk. Area felt safe walking at night. Close to Oxford/Regent St. shopping area.	
Oct 12 2005	Great hotel	Nice and clean. The curtains are extra heavy, so they block out all the daylight! Be sure to put up the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign, otherwise they'll come around 4 or 5 times. The staff was very nice and helpful. The location is great...near the Tube and walking distance to Oxford Circus and Regents. Get the room through Priceline by naming your own price to get the best deal...I did it twice..and both times got this hotel accepted my low price. I was charged 3 times more when I booked directly through the hotel.	
Sep 9 2005	Great hotel great location	Just returned from a 4 nights stay at the Holiday Inn Regents Park. The hotel was recently refurbished so it was nice to walk into a hotel that wasn't falling apart. Our room was extremely clean with a queen size bed, desk, tv, coffee area, closet, and bathroom. I will say the room was a bit small for the 2 of us -- but we're used to small European hotels. The benefit of this hotel is definitely the location. It is literally a 2 minute walk (1 block) to the Great Portland Street Underground Station. There are also a host of buses within a short walk from the hotel. We definitely had no problem getting around. My only warning is if you do not have your breakfast included in your rate, do NOT eat at the hotel. The breakfast buffet is 15 pounds per person! Don't get me wrong, the food is good, just not really worth the price -- especially when it converts to about 30 US. There's a great cafe right by the Underground station (Cafe Meze) that serves a full English breakfast for 4.95. There is also a pub right nearby (can't remember the name) that serves a great lunch or dinner for a reasonable price. Overall, I would definitely stay at this hotel again. The rooms could be bigger, but we didn't spend all that much time in it anyway.	
Aug 26 2005	Great Hotel.	My family and I have just returned from a 4 night stay at the Holiday Inn, Regents Park. We had booked two interconnecting rooms and they were perfect. The rooms were more than adequate, and spacious. Room service was very good and the Reception staff were more than helpful, on more than one occasion. We stayed Friday to Tuesday, so we had the week-end and the week days, and there was no difference - we had thought that the week-ends might be busy / noisy but no problem whatsoever. The breakfast was a full buffet style service with plenty of food available. By night the Bar menu was ideal for us, adults and teenagers were catered for. On departure they looked after our luggage while we went out for the day.The hotel is within walking distance ( 5 minutes or so ) of 3 tube stations, several restaurants, 24 hour shops, and a few bars. Oxford Street is within walking distance (15 to 20 Minutes), but everything is accessable by tube or cab.I would strongly reccommend this hotel to any family thinking about staying in London.	
Aug 20 2005	Better than recommended	My wife and me stayed 3 nights at this hotel and it was the first time that we were not at all disappointed about a london hotel. Great value for money. We got a special rate by 14 days advance booking.	
Aug 20 2005	Location Location Location	A group of us had 3 rooms at the Holiday Inn recently - the location was great. It's only a short walk to Regents Park where they often have open air entertainment (a champagne tent was there when we arrived...heaven!), and not far from Oxford Street, Chinatown, and lots of reasonable pubs.The hotel itself was ok - rooms were pretty small but clean. Our only complaint was that the walls seemed thin and we could hear the people in the next room - one of which was coughing all night long, which did spoil our sleep somewhat. Our friends were also woken very early in the morning by people talking loudly in the corridor - this hotel obviously isn't too great for soundproofing!However the location was the saving grace of this hotel.	
Aug 7 2005	nice i would reccomended	i stayed at holiday inn regents park for 4 nights in the middle of july 2005, the hotel is nice and clean, rooms are not very big but more than ok for a short stay. the hotel is very closed (2 minutes or less) from great portland tube station. the neighbourhood is quiet even during the night, you can walk from piccadilly circus or oxford circus without any trouble moreover close to the hotel you can find some grocery stores, pubs and restaurant. definitively, if requested, i woould reccomend this hotel in london!!	
Aug 2 2005	Great Hotel Good Location - will definitely be back!!!!	I stayed in this hotel for 3 nights at the beginning of July and would highly recommend this hotel to anybody looking for a quiet place to spend a few nights.The room was compact but well decorated. It had everything you might need for a short stay. The hotel is situated in a quieter area of London and seemed to have a resedential area around it. Tried room service on one evening and it was very reasonable, food was also very good. Bar area was very quiet but the barman kept us entertained! Reception staff were very helpful and pointed us in the right direction more than once!Great Portland St Tube station is literally two minutes walk from the hotel and although it is not on one of the most frequent lines we found it to be a more than adequate service. There are also plenty of small cafes to grab breakfast in the morning.	
Jul 27 2005	recommended	On our honeymoon in London, we stayed here for a week. Clean, affordable, comfortable rooms. Quiet building. Extremely friendly and helpful staff. Except for not actually being within walking distance of anything we wanted to visit, it was perfect. It would have actually been perfect had the Underground system been running at full capacity, as a major tube stop is located one block away. I would definitely recommend this hotel and would consider it for our next stay in London.	
May 31 2005	Clean comfortable very high quality	We stay here quite regularly for business in London and find it to be a very high quality, clean and comfortable hotel. The staff are all very helpful and attentive and the rooms are very well equipped.Breakfast here is excellent although expensive -a full English buffet with hot and cold food as well as pastries and cereals. There is a wonderful restaurant called Vilandry very nearby where you can get fabulous breakfast for half the price!The location of the hotel is excellent as it is a 5 minute walk from Oxford Circus - however the nearest tube is Great Portland Street and it is serviced by the most unreliable lines on the Underground! It is also not very conveniently connected to other lines - however it is on a direct route to Paddington which is useful for arrival and departure. During your stay it is much better to walk to Oxford Circus during the day and take a taxi at night.An excellent hotel of an extremely high standard, but not cheap.	
Mar 23 2005	A true holiday at Holiday Inn Regents Park	Holiday Inn Regents Park provided us with two adjoining rooms that were spacious (by London standards) quiet, clean very suitable for my husband, myself, daughter and granddaughter. The buffet breakfast, which was included, was perfect! Convient to three tube stops and located in a neighborhood with many ethenic restaurants, we'd stay there again!	
Mar 5 2005 	I keep on coming back	I stay at this hotel regularly on business and choose this hotel over several others in this area of London. Firstly, the hotel is in a very safe neighbourhood and it is comfortable walking back to the hotel in the evening. There are several excellent restaurants nearby - I recommend Villandry which is just across the road on Bolsover Street. The hotel is also very close to two underground train (subway) stations and is also in an area well serviced by taxis so you can just flag one down in the street if you choose. The hotel itself is good. Unfortunately it is housed in a dull 1960s facade but inside the facilities are in good order. The rooms are a good size (for a London hotel - I know our American cousins are used to bigger) and are immaculately clean. The hotel also has very efficient air conditioning which is great in London as sometimes in the summer the air can be stuffy. Breakfasts at the hotel are good but if you prefer not to spend the £12 there are several small cafes / restauarants around the hotel that serve breakfast. The Villandry restauarant (on the road opposite) serves excellent pastries and coffee if you prefer not to have the full English heart attack breakfast! This is also one of the few London hotels that I enjoy room service at as the menu is reasonably priced and the food appetising.	
Feb 21 2005	Wonderful area!	I stayed at the holiday inn regents park for about ten days. This hotel is in a fabulous area and close to three tube stops (regents park, great portland, and warren street). Don't let the 60's exterior fool you, the interior is warm and inviting. The room was clean and quiet, and the bathroom had everything one would need. Just a very pleasant place and a great value for the price. There is also a starbucks just across the street which is helpful on those early mornings. If you are on a budget, you won't be disapointed.	
Nov 21 2004	Not a bad place to stay in London	I had first made reservations at the Strand Palace Hotel, but the reviews on Trip Advisor were consistently bad and truly frightened me, so canceled my reservation. So, I did more research and found that the reviews for the Holiday Inn Regent's Park Hotel were not too bad. I stayed one week in the Holiday Inn Regent's Park from November 11-18. Check-in was very quick; however, upon entering the room, I did notice a strong scent, which turned out to be the funky smell of cigarette smoke. I did reserve a non-smoking room, but I was given a smoking room, which was freezing cold because of a draft. A couple hours later, I determined that I could not stay in the room. I called the front desk, and the lady who checked me in said to go downstairs to the front desk at about 4:30 for a room change, as all the rooms would be cleaned and then I would be able to get the room I needed. While waiting for the next room, I call the front desk to complain about the draft, and the front desk agent summoned maintenance to my room. Within ten minutes, two polite gentlemen were there to release a screw to quickly close the outer sliding window. I did, indeed, go downstairs later, and I was immediately given another room; however, upon entry, I discovered a man who had checked into the room about 30 minutes earlier. This happened due to oversight of the front desk agent, who immediately apologized and gave me another room, which was perfect. There seemed to be maintenance work on the fourth floor. The room I got was small, but the bathroom was certainly larger than the first room. The bed was big and comfortable, and the walls were not so thin to hear any noises from adjacent rooms. The room also had a tv with built-in alarm and an easily operable safe. The heating system was easy to operate and worked properly. After the initial rooms mix-up, I never had any trouble with the staff nor the room. Other than for horribly smelling smoking room, I never noticed any bad scents. All staff were very helpful, and they all addressed my questions or requests right away. The rooms are very comfortable, and the hotel is located near the good locations of central London. Further, as I discovered during my last couple days, the Great Portland Station is just a two or three-minute walk around the corner and up the street from the hotel, so catching a train is easy and covenient. The area is very clean and quiet, and walking at any time of the day is safe and pleasurable. I ordered meals via room service several times, and each time the meal was delivered before the time they said it would be ready. The staff delivering the meals were very kind and polite, and the food actually was good in quality and portions, so I have no complaints. Good things I tried on the menu: Pizza, hamburgers, chicken club sandwich, and chicken and bacon burger, and a couple deserts. The Brit Vic 55 sparkling apple drink is great, too. The hotel is not 4-star, but it is very clean, modern, and quiet, and the staff is polite and attentive to the concerns of the guests. You can also change up to $100 US dollars daily at the front desk. However, do refrain from using the phone, as it is quite expensive-3 pounds per minute for international calls and 50 pence per minute for local calls! There is one computer terminal to right of the lobby at a cost of 3 pounds per 15-minute session-which you can pay for with a credit card. There was a fire alarm at 1:00 am during my first night, and the fire department (brigade) was called. The next day, the management delivered a letter apologizing for the alarm. I definitely would stay there again, but I would try to get a better rate than which I paid. I paid the regular rate because of time constraints and limitation of similar decent accommodations in London at that rate. The hotel is clean, quiet, safe, and in a good area, and the service is good.	
Nov 5 2004	One of the best holiday inns	The staff were friendly, the hotel was fabulous and the location was brilliant .there is a tube station a minute away from the hotel which brought you everywhere within minutes. one of the best holiday inns i've stayed in.	
Sep 28 2004	Great Value Hotel	We enjoyed this Holiday Inn very much. We found a very good rate on the Holiday Inn Web site for a double (Queen Bed) and were pleasantly surprised at the quality and style of this hotel. The room was spacious by London standards, and the bed very comfortable. Service was very good. We did not have breakfast at the hotel (too expensive) but there are many little cafes close by which make great low-cost breakfasts so this was not a problem. The Hotel is in a good area and there is easy access to public transport. This Hotel was probably the best &quot;bargain&quot; find of our entire stay in the UK - we would recommend it and would stay there again if the rates were similar.	
Sep 23 2004	OK in the end beginning was a struggle	My parents stayed at this hotel a few months ago. We don't know what we were expecting but...The bored looking receptionist (suited more to sell mobile phones) gave my father the worst room at the hotel. The hotel was going through renovation (which was needed!) and the room was at the back of it all: you had to walk endless corridors with bits hanging out from the ceiling, and yes - a smell of urine came across as well as we finally came to door number 436. The room was small, of 2/3 star standard. We had booked a non-smoking room which this clearly wasn't either.My parents decided to sleep through the night anyway but were kept awake by the fire alarm at the hotel which went off 3 times! Good thing obviously that it works in case there was a fire but was a bit of a nuisance towards the end.Next morning another surprise occurred on floor 4: you could not take the lift downstairs. My parents and a few other customers were directed downstairs through fire exit and the staff areas. Only then did my father complain, and they were upgraded to a floor above, which was a like a new world! We suppose floor 5 is something you would expect from this hotel - 4 star, and part of the Holiday Inn company. Bad luck was involved with this experience clearly but I think hotels should think twice before accommodating their guests in dodgy rooms like 436 in the middle of a construction site.	
Aug 30 2004	Very good for the rate	Been in almost all the Hiltons and the Intercontinentals in London (since I usually get there at least six times a year) and this hotel is remarkable because it is clean, not expensive and well located.Of course, is not like staying in a good Mayfair or Chelsea hotel; but If you're not on honeymoon and you do not expect too much, that is the right place to choose, if you get a good rate (as twice I had, in my two stays there, for a total of seven days, last one being on July 2004): after all it's a Holiday Inn, and not a five star resort.The room was nice and clean, with a fresh put minibar; the bathroom, though, is as big as a telephone booth and the shampoo is (very modern, very cheap, but definitely not chic) hanging in a dispenser from the wall of the tub, like in the motels in a remote state of the U.S.; which can be good for homesickness, if you're american.The four out of five is due, essentially, to the very good value rate, not to the service, to which I would give a beautiful (2), having been asked for a cash «security» in order to get an adaptor for the hairdryer: was it actually that necessary, since they had my room number and credit card deposited?	
Aug 16 2004	What You Would Expect from a Holiday Inn	I spent the first week of August at the Holiday Inn London - Regent's Park. I got a fabulous rate on the hotels website and was very satisfied with my stay. The rooms are no smaller than you would expect from London but are in pristine condition. The staff were incredibly helpful, to the extent that one of the desk staff lent me her personal cellphone charger when no transformers were available for me to use my own. The location is in a lovely quiet area five minutes walk away from Regent's Park. Between the two tube stations that are around the corner from the hotel you can get on most of the main tube lines. There is a 24 hour store down the road for essentials, and it is a pleasant 20 minute stroll to Oxford Street. Overall, I'm not sure I would pay the rack rate for this hotel, but as there are many offers both on the hotel site and British Airways site or Expedia, you should never have to. For the price it met and exceeded my expectations.	
Aug 12 2004	Great place to stay in London	Stayed at this hotel for five nights in july. Got a nice rate at british airways holiday web page. Staff were friendly and helpful. Rooms are a little bit small, but comfortable and clean. Being my first time in London I had some doubts about it's location, but it turned out to be a quiet area, and quite safe to walk at night. It's walking distance from Oxford St. and it's shops, and also there are two subway stations nearby. Our rate included full-breakfast, which was very good indeed, buffet style and with several options. A nice place to rest after a busy day in London.	
Jul 28 2004	Great for shops and theatre	Very well run and immaculately clean hotel, staff could not do enough to help us, great value for money	
Jul 26 2004	Super place to stay	We stayed three nights at this hotel at the beginning of July. I got a good rate at the hotel's own website and was more than pleased with the room we were allocated. It was pristinely clean, had air-conditioning, plus it was quiet. We never ate at the hotel, but in the vicinity there were several restaurant options. On nearby Cleveland Street we ate breakfast each morning at the Bon Appetite cafe where the owners were delightful and the food delicious and reasonably-priced. Harts the Grocers, near Portland Street underground station was excellent for incidentals, and only a few yards from the hotel itself.If returning to London, I would gladly stay at this Holiday Inn again.	
Jul 19 2004	Good hotel... shop around for a good price	Stayed here on two separate occassions in July'04. The rooms were nice and well kept. It's a solid 3 star or a weak 4 star hotel. It is very close to the tube station and fairly convienent. Saw a wide variation in the pricing so do some shopping.	
Jun 29 2004	Great Service	My family and I enjoyed our stay here. Even though the rooms were pricey, after 16 hours of travelling, we found it comfortable and enjoyable. There are 18 channels on the TV, I desk and a nice leather chair for you to sit in. Bathrooms came with a bath mat, a rail for you to hold onto if you are handicapped, and shampoo and lotion for your shower.	
Jun 29 2004	Great value and location	We just returned from five nights at this hotel and recommend it for location and cleanliness. We found it on Priceline, asking for a four-star in the Regent's Park area. Paid $110 incl. tax but not breakfast. Our room was small, but sufficient for opening two suitcases, quiet, never heard anything from outside or other rooms. Two very comfortable beds with choice of pillows, large windows with heavy drapes we could shut against the 10 p.m. daylight. Clean bath with deep tub, self-serve safe which was nice for passports and cash. We did not eat there as it was pricey, but bought snacks from corner store.Great location on quiet street, close to Tube and bus at corner. Several restaurants nearby. Easy walking to Tottenham, Oxford Street, Euston Station, British Library, Madam Tusseaud's, hop-on hop-off bus. We would stay there again.Our only problem was with concierge who was too busy to help much and desk clerks kept referring us to the concierge.	
May 5 2004 	Best hotel of my business trip		
Apr 13 2004	Good Hotel!		
Apr 2 2004	Really good hotel but could be pricey		
Mar 9 2004	An Above Average Experience		
Mar 7 2004	Appalling value for money. Try Marriott or Hilton!		
Feb 6 2004	Really Good Choice!		
Feb 5 2004	Nice Clean Hotel...and Modern Rooms!		
Jan 19 2004	Excellent accommodation		
Dec 9 2003	HI Regent's Park - Highly Recommended!		
Aug 29 2003	Very Nice Hotel		
Oct 10 2009 	Muy bien		
Oct 7 2009 	La mejor definición:Correcto		
May 4 2009 	parfait		
Apr 15 2009	Gutes Hotel in Super Lage!		
Apr 10 2009	Renovierung und Personalschulung dringend nötig!		
Sep 19 2008 	??		
Aug 26 2008 	Hotel muy bueno		
Apr 4 2008 	Estupenda estancia		
Jan 8 2008 	Garanzia di qualita'		
Jan 2 2008 	Super Hotel perfekte Lage und gutes Preis-Leistungsverhältnis		
Sep 4 2007 	Bastante bueno		
