Oct 30 2009 	Open letter to Choice Hotels	My check in date and my check out date were the same day. This is one of the worst hotels I have ever encountered in my 40 years of travelling. The hotel reeked of old and mould, the room which we were offered was up 5 flights of stairs with no elevator, the next room we were offered was in the basement. The halls are so narrow that getting oneself and ones suitcase down the hall was a chore. We had 2 rooms ordered, one for my wife and myself and one for our 2 boys.When I informed the hotel that their sign represented the hotel as a four star and that the rooms were totally unacceptable we were informed we would be charged for 2 rooms for one night whether we stayed or not. The rooms were so bad we left and found other accomodations. I have informed my credit card company to reverse the charge on the room as the advertising for this hotel borders on fraud.I sent an email to Choice Hotels and am awaiting their response.	
Oct 8 2009 	Small petite and bijous	This hotle is an ideal location to stay if you are travelling on Eurostar but be warned the rooms are small. Don't expect to be able to swing anything bigger than a kitten as there isn't room.Breakfast seemed to be a little chaotic and again the breakfast room was quite small and situated in the basement.Reception staff could be friendlier when checking out and ask if everything was ok with the stay and hope to see you again!	
Sep 26 2009 	would recommend	I am usually the first to complain about hotels but I have to say we found no problems with this hotel and if there was I would not have missed them.On arrival the reception staff were very nice and helpfull, the room although small was very clean and bathroom was ok in size.In the morning the breakfast staff were very helpfull and pleasant.In summary the hotel was in a perfect location for Kings cross and the tourist attractions,the hotel was clean and staff pleasant .so for a short stay I am happy that I booked this hotel and will return	
Sep 23 2009 	Don't go near this place!	Apart from the convenient situation of this hotel for King's Cross and Eurostar, this hotel has nothing positive going for it, with the exception of O.K. staff and an average breakfast. Our first night was spent in a basement room, dark and dingy, not easily accessible, due to narrow doorways and corridors (like a rabbit warren!). We were shocked to find there was no drinking water in the bedrooms and even more shocked to find the temperature of the shower could not be turned down, although it was scalding hot. Unfortunately, we had to return to this hotel for another night, as it was pre-booked by our holiday company for our return from France. The second night was spent in the suite, which had a disgusting smell and a television that didn't work. The access to this room was through the breakfast room, but we agreed to take it, as the alternative was on the third floor and there was no lift. I shall be contacting my own travel company and requesting that they do not use this hotel ever again, for stop overs in London and I will be informing them of my reasons for this. There are other hotels conveniently situated to the station, which I am sure will be more suitable for human inhabitants.	
Sep 22 2009 	The Worst Hotel but... not exactly bad.	So this was at the bottom of our hotels, but that doesn't mean we it was necessarily bad... We stayed at an older 4 star in London and a Swiss hotel in Amsterdam, so this was again the &quot;worst&quot;, but it was clean, semi-quiet, and close to the Eurostar/Tube, which is why we picked it. Problems... The shower is terrible! Weak pressure, small as hell, and the water says it's not portable, which is weird for London?!?! The room was tiny and didn't have tissue, an iron, and again the water was not drinkable, so the coffee and tea they provide required you to buy bottled water.We left the room once with the do not disturb sign on the door and noticed when we returned the window was open?!?! Not cool as we remember closing it and locking it...The breakfast was great though and started the day off right!	
Sep 12 2009 	Run as fast as you can	We booked this hotel as it was close to the Kings cross Station which is from where we were taking the train to Paris.It rates itself as a 4 star hotel but with 30 stairs to our room which reeked and the door which hit the bed it was the worst hotel we have been in in the last 30 years of our travelling.When we saw the rooms and the stairs we needed to climb we told them this was unacceptable and they offered us a room in the basement.In the end we went to the Novotel around the corner for 15 pounds more.Place is a sh**hole and the tourist bureau and the health department need to take a serious look as it is a heath hazard and should be delisted as a hotel.	
Sep 1 2009 	Average rating for an average hotel - overall it worked for us	Great location (especially for the Eurostar). We had the suite and it worked really well for us - plenty of room for my husband and I and our 2 teenage sons. Nice view - air conditioner worked well. We had a couple of issues - the electricity didn't work (which meant our shower didn't work and we had just arrived after a long plane trip from the States) - the repair person wasn't able to come immediately and, being that we were only going to be in London for a couple of days, we didn't want to waste time waiting for showers. We ended up having to take them in my brother's room and parent's room. Overall, the hotel worked fine for our needs and was in a good location.	
Aug 11 2009 	the worst hotel i stayed while I was in Britain	I spent about 16 days in Britain and this was the worst hotel I stayed in. Furthermore, it was the most expensive hotel I stayed in the whole trip (and I found a better hotel in London after two days and cleaner and cheaper). My room was in the basement, very dark and the appearance was the worst. I would never recommend this to anyone, unless the other rooms (not in the basement) are better. The staff was ok. The sheets and bed linen were not clean. I had no option but to stay in this hotel because I had arrived from Newcastle on a Friday afternoon. I wanted to stay in the King's Cross area, so I opted for this. When I go back to London I will definitely book another hotel so that I don't have to stay in this again. Never. The only positive aspect is its locality. Other than that, too expensive and too sombre and my room in the basement was very depressing.	
Aug 9 2009 	noises off...	Having spent a sleepless night last year at the Travelodge Kings Cross before our Eurostar trip, I chose the Comfort Inn this year on the basis it was off the main road and may therefore be quieter. Sadly wrong. Collection of drunks outside in early hours, general traffic noise and other nuisances meant a very bad nights sleep. We had a front facing room on the first floor. My mother in law had a single room facing the interior and didn't find noise to be a problem apart from the resident above pacing the floorboards!That said, noise is to a greater extent outside the control of the hotel. Otherwise, our family room was clean, good refurbished bathroom, and the reception staff very pleasant. A/C was noisy and we didn't use it. We didn't stay for breakfast due to early start.	
Jul 29 2009 	After a short break in a delightful hotel abroad I was appalled at what I found here.	Entrance was uninviting. Two youths who sprawled across the settee did not seem to be guests and stared at me as I walked in. Receptionist was pleasant and helpful.Passageway to my room was very narrow and awkward to navigate.My room was fairly cramped - a double room with twin beds. Bed bases were uncovered, exposing the base material - no valances. Top covers were grubby looking although sheets were okay. After settling into bed, I discovered several long hairs under the top sheet. I handed these to the receptionist the following morning.The 'computer desk' advertised was a very small table covered by the kettle and tea/coffee sachets. The kettle was faulty and had to be held in place in order to make contact with the mains connection.The carpet was dirty although it had been vacuumed.The tv signal was very poor and after flickering on all channels for some time, it finally gave up the ghost and the signal failed completely. Bathroom was just about alright although the toilet roll holder was of poor construction and allowed the toilet roll to drop out when touched. The shower cubicle was dirty/rusty around the edges and there was uncleaned gel on the floor.The room overlooked the street which was noisy most of the night. There was only single glazing and the frames were badly in need of a lick of paint. I did not choose to partake of breakfast as I had no desire to stay longer than necessary.Receptionist at departure agin very pleasant. Having stayed in a Barcelona hotel which charged far less and was vastly superior in all aspects, I felt ashamed at the dreadful overall standard back in England.	
Jul 22 2009 	"Comfort" - The Irony !	Not the worst I've stayed in but.....Tiny TV in top corner of room, no remote, Aircon with no controls (Better than no aircon at all), grubby linen, mattress definitely past its acceptable date, cups stuck to cabinet, tap water not drinkable but not bottles in room either, 1 hand towel, shower with mildew smell and had two settings, cold or scalding hot. Noisy corridor, thin walls between rooms. I stay away a lot and I don't whinge but this is one to avoid. Premier Inn or Holiday Inn if you can around here, at least you know what your getting.	
Jul 22 2009 	No comfort	I've been to the Comfort Inn once in my life 2 years a go when i was 14 and i would assure anyone that i would never ever come back there! Firstly the reception was OK but the only thing that disturbed me were the two recepitionists people who were constantly annoyed and unavailable to us and other guests. Secondly me and my family had booked a room on the 1st floor not knowing there were suites available. Thirdly the lifts were very small and claustrophobic meaning that more than 3 people it could not hold so most of the time we had to squash to make room for other people. And by the way it was very slow! The hallway taking us to our room was very narrow and it was impossible to walk through if you had a big luggage. To open the room the electric cards needed did not work most of the time and it would take hours to enter. Once we asked if they had spare keys and they actually said that they had lost them! And now for the Grand finale Our &quot;room&quot; that could not be called a normal room considering it was at the basement floor, with two double beds stuffed in, dirty duvets full of dust and a minuscule wardrobe where there was no space to hang your clothes! The bathroom, and now, this is the most shocking bit.. it had a big step at the front where you had to be careful not to trip into, towels were not changed so we were forced to use the same towels for 3 days, the sink was very low and uncomfortable, the shower was put at an angle of the bathroom meaning it was very narrow and you actually could not move in it, it always leaked even when you closed the water so it was desperate in need of repair and the temperature handle would NOT work so you would waste half of your time fiddling with it hoping hot water would come out but nothing! So we were forced to freeze to death. The windows were the most negative part of all, they did not open meaning your room would not be aired and so remained stuffy and hot also because the air conditioning did not work nicely and made a squeaky sound, the view considering we were at the basement was TERRIBLE you could see people walking by and they could see you which implies there were no curtains to hide yourself from for a bit of privacy. Also the bad thing about this hotel is that if you complained to the staff about the lack of hygiene and wanting to change a room this is not possible and not because there are not enough rooms free (half of the hotel was empty) but because they did not want to, so we had a hard time with them too who were always unpolite and unfriendly. There was a lack of communication with the clients that it became pretty frightening in my view. Nothing more to add its pretty simple this is not the hotel we expected especially from a hotel called &quot;COMFORT&quot; that guaranteed comfort this was the last thing I expected.	
Jul 8 2009 	staff great location great room basic	the staff were really helpful, both reception and breakfast room were lovely.if they got new duvets would make an enormous difference to feeling of the room.....they were very old and worn.......location was great, handy to underground and train.it was great having jug in room and got biscuits daily nice touch . you really just wanted to sleep in room wasnt great to spend time in....had a really good shower. noise from fan in next doors bathroom was quite noisy in the room we had.fan noisy in our room too but at least cud turn off!	
Jul 6 2009 	Nice hotel at a reasonable price	As several others have mentioned, this hotel is conveniently located near Kings Cross Tube station and St.Pancras International train station. The room is not very big and the bathrooms are just OK. The room and the bathroom were clean and the A/C worked great (it was very hot when I visited). Breakfast was OK too, the coffee was certainly good. The staff was very friendly. Overall, if you are looking for a short stay hotel at a budget price, this is it.	
Jun 28 2009 	Friendly staff but don't expect much "comfort" at the Inn. Taxi to Holiday Inn please !	We chose this hotel as it is a short walk to and from the Eurostar terminal at St. Pancras. We booked a night either side of our journey to and from Disney Land Paris. Before booking we viewed the hotel website and found that it had been awarded four stars for B&amp;B style accommodation from English Toursim. The pictures looked accepatable. However...We found the staff to be polite, friendly and helpful, but the hotel left a lot to be desired. The Reception area looked promising but as soon as you entered the communal stairways (narrow, cramped, stale) you were left wondering what the rooms would be like. Sadly, they were not much better. Although generally clean, you were left feeling you had camped the night in someone's neglected back bedroom. The rooms were small, noisy and in need of refurbishment. We stayed in a basement room one night (broken air con - and very stuffy) and in an attic room for the final night (air con worked but made strange electrical crackling noises so we turned it off). There were also various wires coming out the wall connected to a transformer which had been screwed to the bedroom wall. It turns out this was for the shower pump which screamed like a banshee when you turned it on. The buffet breakfast was in a windowless room in the basement. Basic offering with no expense spent on the catering. Crossiants had not seen the oven, being cold and hard. Ham looked very odd. Yoghurts were extremely cheap and nasty. However once again we found the staff to be helpful and efficient in seating us and dispensing toast. Stick to toast and a cup of tea (you make the tea yourself so should be reliable !). In summary, good staff, bad hotel, and for the price we paid the Holiday Inn and a taxi to the station would have been a better bet. Not four star by any standard.	
May 22 2009 	Glad we only stayed one night happy that we rented apartment for a week.	A lot of city noise if you open the window at night.Rooms were clean, smell of mold in bathroom.The breakfast room was very crowded and claustrophobic.	
Apr 4 2009	Pleasantly Surprised	I recently stayed at the Comfort Inn at Kings Cross I enjoyed my stay. I'll break it down.1. The Rooms. They were nice. They've been updated since a few of the pictures from reviewers were posted. Each room has a flat screen tv i'd say it was a 26 inchs. The rooms were not extremely large but ours was a pretty good size. 2. The Bathrooms. Very spacious. The shower was roomy and had recently been redone. Everything was very clean no mold or gunk. The water was always hot.3. The Maids. Everyday our room was cleaned. She took out the garbage, made our beds and put out new towels. They say if you hang them up then they won't take them in order to save water but they did anyways. Oh Well it's always nice to have clean ones. They provide a dispincer full of soap and shampoo. 4. Every morning they provide breakfast. It's nice. They have ceral, cheese, toast (upon request), yogart and hard boiled eggs. To drink they have orange juice, apple juice, coffee, hot chocolate etc. My only complaint I like my milk cold for ceral and their was always warm. 5. Staff. I purchased 4 hours of internet and was told to sign on in would record the time without any other explaination. So I only used maybe 2 hours the next day I had none left. They forgot to explain you have to physicaly log off you cannot just shut down your computer. They gave me 2 free hours for the mis-understanding. I only had a problem with one guy who worked night shift. Our phone was cut off from making calls for two nights in a row he refused to cut it back on without charging my card that would later be returned but I spoke to another guy who said they wouldn't charge a holding fee just keep my number incase. We went around and around. Finally someone else from our group spoke to him and he agreed to cut in back on. Likes: Rooms are very clean! Staff was nice with the exception of the one late shift worker.Dislikes: No high-speed internet. They charge 20 pounds for 4 hours. They need free internet!	
Dec 17 2008 	It was okay	This Hotel was just okay. We were lucky enough to be given a suite as opposed to a normal size room so it was spacious. It was clean and did the job just for 1 night. The location is perfect for people wanting to access St Pancras and Kings Cross stations (1 minute walk). However, the breakfast room is extremely small for a hotel of that size. The self-service part of the breakfast is great and well organised. However, the breakfast staff have to 'manage' the toast and this is somewhat disorganised and at times hectic. Although the reception staff were very pleasant, I'm afraid this can't be said for a few of the breakfast staff! My main point to make about this hotel is that it in no way deserves a 4 star rating. I have stayed in many hotels and to be honest I have stayed in better 2 stars. On the website, they say it is a 'budget' hotel, but then give it a 4 star rating, which to me, doesn't match up.	
Oct 31 2008 	Scrape Pass	Stayed here just for one night - before travelling out on Eurostar the next morning. First the plus point - it’s very close to Kings Cross/St Pancras. The outside promises much - but that's where it ends. The reception is very small (but receptionist very helpful and friendly). A couple of chairs in reception were occupied by people who looked as if they had been there for some time! Just a single room - but hardly enough room to swing a cat (and a small one at that). The room was clean, but looked out over a very 'shady' courtyard. There are tea and coffee making facilities in the room and a (very) small t.v. with limited channels. No bar but a couple of vending machines. Breakfast was very limited (but adequate at 07.00 when all I wanted to do was leave and get my train) and 'served' begrudgingly, in a room with no windows in the 'cellar'. The lifts are miniscule.If you really must stay in this area (which is not great) this will do for a night or two. For under £100 (just) in London can you really complain? Cheap, clean and just about cheerful.	
Oct 14 2008 	Good enough - will return	We just returned from a 2 night stay at the Kings Cross Comfort Inn. Having read a lot of bad reviews about the seedy budget hotels in London, we were very apprehensive about our stay especially since we were travelling with a toddler.But I would say that the stay was very pleasant. We booked one double room and a twin room (one for my husband, myself and my toddler and another for a visiting family friend) and both rooms were good. And just a hop, skip and jump to Kings Cross station.The carpet was a bit frayed, but that is expected. The beds were done well, though the blankets were very worn. The room was very neat and tidy and the shower room was good size and clean. There were lots of towels, crispy clean and white. Cant expect more in a five star hotel.The hand soap, shampoo and the shower jel smelled nice and felt like good quality stuff. The tea tray was adequate with some biscuits, which was perfect for our toddler. And lots of restuarants and coffee bars around, you will never be stranded for a choice.The breakfast room was very small and we had to go back to our room twice as there was no table available. Apart from that, the continental breakfast was adequate with lots of toast (you have to ask), juice, selection of cereals, selection of beverages, croissonts, buns, cold meat, yoghurt and eggs. The fruit was canned, though.The attitude of the staff right from the front desk to the service staff were excellant. When I asked someone at the front desk to warm some milk for my toddler, it was done immediately, with a smile. The front desk staff were also very polite and alert and knowledgable about the tourist destinations. Its as if they all love their jobs- I would give a special mention to the Philipina lady who was supervising the breakfast service - very polite and pleasant to deal with.On the negative side, the room was a bit noisy from the traffic outside and our room was overlooking a garage. With a double bed and a baby cot, there was barely any room to move. The washbasin was blocked. But these are some silly stuff we overlook, given that we are in London.Overall a good expereience for £125/night - we will definitely return.	
Sep 1 2008 	Pleasant small hotel	My teenage daughter and I stayed for 5 nights in the Comfort Inn King's Cross. The location is very convenient to the King's Cross Tube station and St Pancras International. We were within a two minute walk of the station, and as it is a major hub for several underground lines, this made traveling around the city a breeze. We left London via Eurostar for Paris, which departs from St Pancras, so this also worked out very conveniently.The hotel is in an older building, tucked around the block from the rail and underground stations. The staff is very pleasant and friendly. We were in a double room on the ground floor for the first three nights (the only room available), Internet rate of £90 per night, then moved to a twin room on the third floor for the remainder of our stay at the same rate.I experienced a bit of culture-shock over the high prices of hotels and everything else in London, but I believe the price tag was appropriate if not modest when I was looking for comparable properties in the area. The rooms were clean but small (again, this is apparently typical for all of moderately priced Western Europe hotels); the high-speed Internet access was pricey, considered how slowly it actually functioned.The room rate included continental breakfast with a large number of options (cereals, toast, boiled eggs, fruit, yogurt, juices) the fresh croissants were quite good, the coffee was mediocre (made from a machine, not fresh brewed pots).I can't say enough, though, about the kindness and courtesy shown by the staff. My daughter and I were in and out of the hotel many times per day, they always greeted us, remembered our names, and could even inform me if my daughter had arrived or departed in my absence when she and I went on our separate forays around the city.While the area may seem a little sketchy after dark (after the crowds of tourists using the Tube stop and train station have dwindled away), during the day it felt quite safe. There are Internet cafes within easy walking distance, as well as a variety of restaurants and cafes ranging from Starbucks and Pret a Manger to attractive restaurants offering full service lunch and dinner meals.	
Aug 17 2008 	It's OK	The hotel itself is fine, and a 3 minute walk from the station. Kings Cross is not the nicest of areas, but it was fine. Got a suite for L140 per night, the cheapest I could find in central London. But it was not worth $280 per night....for that I expected better.Room had a double bed with a separate living room with 2 chairs that pulled out into beds, fine for children but not adults. When the beds were pulled out, it was hard to manuever in the room. Small kitchenette area with a sink, small fridge and microwave and a bathroom with shower. Furniture was basic, staff was friendly. Walls are thin; I could hear when the guy in the next room took a shower or flushed the toilet. Free daily newspaper at reception.Bathroom was OK, everything else was OK. Internet connection for a fee....L3.50 for 30 minutes or L10 for 4 hours. Breakfast was in the basement....toast, hard boiled eggs, cereal, yogurt, breads and canned fruit. I've stayed in better, I've stayed in worse. This is not the Comfort Inn and Suites King's Cross...they are a few blocks over. Again, not bad, not great, cheapest I could find in London but for $280 a night, even in a huge city, I expected a little more.	
Jun 28 2008 	Reasonable	I have made the reservation at the internet for a week. The staff was friendly but my room was tiny to say the least. No space whatsover.The hotel is okay only for one night or two, for additional nights I do not reccomend it. The hotel does not have a restaurant, the TV did not work well and after I complained about it, someone of the staff told me that was pidgeon's fault!, Moreover, because rooms are so close to each other you can actually listen to other people in the other rooms. The room was old and the bathroom ensuite was also old and not pristine in terms of cleaning.In my last night, I returned at two o' clock and the room was not cleaned yet, which shows the poor quality of service at the hotel. One of the reasons for people to choose another hotel, is that is possible with that amount of money I have spent to get a better deal. Therefore I do not believe it was good value for money and I do not advise people to stay unless for a night or two at the most..	
Jun 22 2008 	A very good value	We got what we payed for--a good clean room close to the station for a reasonable price.We booked a &quot;family room&quot; for 2 adults and 2 children, which is listed in the hotel as a suite. Stayed in room 405 (on the top floor) at 429 Br pounds for the 3 day stay. We had 2 rooms and a small kitchen area containing a micro wave, small fridge, hot water/teakettle and a sink. Our room also had a new very quiet A/C unit.The beds consisted of 2 hide a bed chairs for the kids (only a drugged adult could sleep in these, but quite sufficient for kids 10 and 7), and a regular sized double bed with very good mattress for the adults. The bathroom was tight but more than adequate and the shower was large enough for an adult but not spacious. Plenty of hot water with modest pressure---no way to control flow rate--- water was either on or off.Our room was clean and surprisingly quiet considering the location---facing a street front and less than 5 min from Kings Cross Station.Free breakfast was more than acceptable although the room (in the basement) is very small with limited seating capacityThe front desk people were VERY nice, pleasant and very helpful. I have stayed in 5 star hotels with less helpful people.I would recommend this to all who are looking for a good value and would stay here again---at least in room 405.	
Apr 27 2008 	A place to spend a night...	We booked 7 nights, for a suite. The best price for a suite that could fit 4 people. The room was on the first floor,we had to open 5 doors to get to the room. Tough to do when trying to manuever 4 pieces of luggage.The room was cramped for my wife and I and our two teenage daughters. The beds were uncomfortable and low. The noise level from outside was loud, old windows that need to be replaced. The shower was tight and we had trouble controling the temperture. We went to Paris on the Eurostar one day, very easy access from the hotel.There is an internet cafe around the corner,one pound per hour. Much cheaper than the hotel, which is 3.50 pound per half hour. Bottom line, the hotel is not the greatest, locaton for the tube and buses are very good. Bring plenty of money, food is very expensive.	
Apr 18 2008 	You get what you pay for...	As someone who lives in Wolverhampton but works in Camden, I often stay at the Holiday Inn Regents Park (Book online early and its not so pricey), the Ibis Euston (Good sized rooms, rubbish beds) or the Thistle Euston (Average at everything). With no availability at my usual haunts, I thought I would try the Comfort Inn at Kings Cross, which at £102 including breakfast seemed pretty reasonable. I wasn’t expecting luxury but to be fair my room, which was 116, was clean and tidy with a very comfortable bed.Room 116 is possessed of a few idiosyncrasies. The shower is interesting. The angled space-saver design means that the door hinges about a third of the way along its width. Consequently, unless you are a size zero model you have to press your back against the freezing cold tiles in order to close the door behind you. Also, the temperature control knob was for decoration only and the flow wouldn’t take the froth off your latte. Sort of, don’t feel the force Luke…warm.Far and away the most interesting aspect of room 116 is that it is immediately off the ground floor Reception area. Yes that’s right, it’s not on the first floor and it’s not seven or eight rooms from the lift. The sash window opens onto the pavement and the bed is located so that the headboard is a stud wall thickness from Reception, which made for a very noisy stay. People coming and going in the early hours and doors banging from about 6am. This also means that the thunder-box is situated adjacent to Reception and the corridor to the rooms. You can overhear every word of conversation which I guess means…well I’m sure you have it figured.The hotel staff were polite and helpful, tipping me off to a great Italian restaurant just around the corner (Cassa Mamma, Kings Cross), which was very busy but worth waiting for a table. In conclusion, this hotel does exactly what is says on the tin - cheap, clean budget accommodation a short walk from Kings Cross and Saint Pancras. Would I stay there again? Yes I probably will as long as they don’t give me room 116!	
Apr 10 2008	Clean well located	This hotel is just a short walk from Kings' Cross-St. Pancras. We traveled f rom Paris on Eurostar and did not find it difficult to roll our baggage to and from the hotel. The room we were assigned to was clean, the bed comfortable, and there was a nice teamaker set. However, the room was so tiny we could not find a place to put the suitcase and my spouse hit his head constantly on the wall mounted TV set. Our room was located on a very narrow, winding hallway with several stairs. If one has mobility problems, request a room accessable by lift. There is a lift, and in the lobby a big screen TV. There is a soda machine and an ice machine off the lobby. The continental breakfast included breads, hard-boiled eggs, cheese, butter, jam and some canned fruit. The desk clerks were courteous and efficient. There are lots of cheap eateries in the neighborhood. We would stay there again.	
Apr 6 2008 	Very nice stay	I spent a week holiday at the Confort Inn Kings Cross with my wife and teenaged daughter. Our room was a suite with a seperate bedroom, living room with pull out couch bed, and kitchenette. The room was plenty big enough for the three of us and we were quite comfortable. The couch bed was a bit hard but not terrible. The room was clean with fresh linens and towels. Wireless internet access was provided for a cost and login information obtained from the front desk. The staff was friendly and helpful. A basic self-serve breakfast was included. The only problem we had was the narrow stairs and corridores. My wife's leg was in a cast and she had a bit of trouble getting around.The location is very near Kings Cross Station which gives you transportation to practically everywhere (look for plateform 9 and three quarters while you're there). Around the block from the hotel are grocery stores and bit further is Starbucks. A Subway Sandwich shop is practically next door if you're desperate for close food.	
Mar 24 2008 	Good value great location	This was a basic but very roomy and comfortable room for GBP99 per night. We had a HUGE bathroom and a decent sized twin room. Just a couple blocks from the Kings Cross tube and train station - very central and easy to get around town and to/from Heathrow.	
Mar 18 2008 	it's fine	Stayedhere overnight prior to a meeting. The meeting organisers allowed a budget of £100 per night which doesn't get you much in central London. The room was fairly small but very clean. The bathroom was spotless. Breakfast is croissants, bread rolls cheese etc. It is not aluxury hotel but I felt it was good value for teh money. As it's close to King's cross station it is very central and convenient for sight seeing. The staff were very friendly. I would stay here again.	
Feb 24 2008 	Fabulous and Friendly	I just returned from a week-long stay at the Comfort Inn Kings Cross in London, England, UK.Though the room was small, it was perfect for a person who just needed a place to sleep and rest before exploring the city of London. It is set off of the main roads, so the room was quiet throughout the day.The hotel is situated within 2 blocks of busy Kings Cross station where you can get several tube lines or an international train. A wonderful arrangement for someone who is depending on using the underground system to get around the city.Every morning, there was a continental breakfast provided by the hotel. Not super fancy, but just right for a traveler - bread, cheese, cereal, juice, yogurt, cold meats, and hot drinks.The reception desk employees were friendly and extremely helpful. Every time I had a question, they were willing to answer or help me find the answer however possible.I would most certainly stay at this Comfort Inn again.	
Jan 3 2008 	Great for the price	We stayed for 1 night prior catching the Eurostar to Paris Disney, it is just across the road from St Pancreas, the room was very clean and adequate for our stay, it was small but had enough room to move around in without bumping into anything, staff were very helpful, and the breakfast next morning was OK and kept us going till late afternoon, the beauty of continental is that you can help yourself to enough to fill you up. We would say again next time we travel to Paris.	
Nov 3 2007	catch the mouse!	I WAS 19 YEARS OLD, I and my boyfriend booked a double room at commfort inn just for 2 night and then we want to reach ireland. Unfortunately my boyfriend got sick, so we continued our terrible staying at comfort inn for 5 nights. They said us that to continue our stay we have to change room, so gave us a terrible room at low ground with a windows at level of the bottom of the buiding, just on pipes and kitchen extractor, closed on the sides from the wall of the buiding, where we saw a big mouse. I told what we saw at reception and they laugh of us and said me that I have to catch the mouse. The room was very hot, and was impossible to sleep with close window. I WAS DESPAIRED, I ask they to call a doctor for my boyfriend becuse he got worse. They send me a doctor and I paid him 100 pounds when they said me that I would pay at most 60 pounds. I praid the receptionist to change our room, but they laugh at me always(I think because I seem very young). Finally, hopeless, I call the airlines and I booked a return flight. Never I've been so happy to be at home.Comfort Inn King's Cross, the worst! P.S. sorry for my bad english!	
Oct 30 2007 	Okay	I just got back last night from 17 days in Europe, with the last 4 days in London. We stayed at this hotel mainly because how central it was. First of all, from the Gatwick Airport, you can buy a train ticket that takes you directly to the Kings Cross Train Station... if you buy 4 tickets, you get them for half price, so basically 5 GBP from the airport to the Train Station! Which is a great deal... don't make the mistake like us, we jumped on the wrong train!!Hotelthe hotel is nothing special, older hotel with very narrow stairs, the elevator was broken, so we had to walk up and down these stairs, which was very inconvenient. RoomsThe rooms were very small and the bathrooms were pretty small as well. it was clean but very very basic.StaffThe staff was not very friendly or helpful. They had promised to help us find a room with two twins but they avoided us as much as they could and really weren't helpful at all. Not very friendly at all either.FoodThere is a breakfast everyday that goes until 9:30, it is nothing special, but it's complimentary, so might as well take advantage of it. LocationThe hotel is only a 3 minute walk to the Kings Cross Underground and train station. Which was the best part of things. There are many restaurants, internet cafes, stores and shops nearby.Overall, the location was the best thing about the hotel, I would say that if you can get this at a good price to book it but if you have options, definately consider another hotel (like i said earlier, there are ALOT of hotels in this area). For the right price this would be worthwhile to stay at but definately shop around to see what else is out there first. (we payed about 71 GBP per night with two twins, that was a pretty good deal for us).	
Oct 30 2007 	Cold Comfort	Stopped here one night only, thank goodness. Paid over £100 for a room advertised as a double but on entering room realised there was only about 1/2 m clearance each side to the walls.The building from the outside has a Georgian look but as you enter the building all evidence of a former Georgian building is completely absent.The staircases were all very narrow and I'd hate to be here if the fire alarm went of, thankfully all the fire doors closed well.Breakfast was continental i.e floppy cold toast, usual jams, poor quality meats, yogurts and a selection of hard boiled eggs!Staff were generally non communicative, I suspect they wouldn't go the extra inch never extra mile.Would defintiely not be going back	
Oct 18 2007 	Great budget hotel	We stayed at this hotel for two nights, after reading some of the reviews we were a little apprehensive, but were pleasantly surprised when we arrived. Reception was spotlessly clean and we were greeted by an extremely pleasant member of staff and showed to our room, the room was quite large (bigger than we expected) it was clean and very comfortable, the bedding and towels were spotless, although it was basic it suited our needs perfectly and of course the price was reasonable too. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a decent budget hotel, and its within walking distance of Kings Cross/St Pancreas underground station.	
Sep 3 2007 	Book a Dungon Room at the Comfort Inn Kings Cross!	Be forewarned – our rooms at the Comfort Inn, Kings Cross were so ridiculously retched that after a couple nights, we referred to them as our Dungeon! The front desk staff was dismissive and disorganized. They insisted on seeing my credit card three times, so I am now closely monitoring my bill.The euphemistically named &quot;lower first floor&quot; room is actually the basement. My son's room overlooked a filthy, trashed-filled alley, my complaints about which were shrugged-off by the rude and indifferent staff. The window in my husband’s and my room was level with the sidewalk, offering pedestrians a direct view of our bed. Needless to say, it was also noisy, and there was little privacy. The magnetic-credit-card-style room keys only worked about half the time, so we were continually climbing the stairs to wait at the front desk to get them reprogrammed. When I asked for a second backup key, I was denied.Though well-located for the price, The Comfort Inn, Kings Cross must survive on the unsuspecting London traveler, who is their mercy once they check-in. The staff and rooms certainly would not bring repeat guests. Consider yourself forewarned!	
Aug 27 2007 	Positively surprised	It's difficult to find a nice but cheap hotel in London. This town is really expensive. Hotels usually aren't the cleanest and have the smallest rooms and hallways.My room was small too. After entering I stood right next to the bed. The cover was 70s style but everything was clean. The bathroom was small and clean too, but that didn't bother me. I only stayed in my room for sleeping. There was also a safe in the room, a tea maker, tea bags and instant coffee, and a small tv on top of the wardrobe. I was on the third floor, right next to the elevator which made me think it would be loud but that wasn't the case. Frankly I only got back to my room at 2 am, but even in the morning I only heard people entering the elevator once. There was also no traffic noise, even tho the hotel is only a 3 minute walk from the King's Cross / St. Pancras stations.The hotel is located conveniently with the tube and trains nearby and there are also a lot of opportunities for eating on the way. Subway, McDonald's and Burger King for fast food lovers but I also walked past a place that serves Indian dishes and I went to Casa Mamma a couple of times. The prices there are average, the people there are nice and the meals are good, although I don't recommend ordering lasagne (I got the smallest lasagne I have ever seen it my life); pizzas are good sizes tho.I also found all of the reception staff to be very friendly, I don't understand what the other people who wrote reviews are talking about. For a good price I would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 22 2007 	Great Location	Great location sums up this nice little hotel in renovated old townhouses. Kings Cross tube and train station as well as busses to everywhere are an easy block and a half away. It's not the fanciest in town but the staff was helpful and friendly and the price very reasonable for London. The room air conditioning was the best we found in England. The continental breakfast was the standard fare but abundant and fresh. There are many small shops where you can pick up sundry needs nearby. Don't miss having dinner at the nearby &quot;Pasta House&quot; - great food and personal service. When we return to London this is where we'll stay.	
Aug 12 2007	Decent Hotel for budget travelers	Spent three nights at Comfort Inn Kings Cross in July. It's not the fanciest hotel and the rooms are a bit small but clean and it is a decent deal for a budget traveler. One thing my friend and I found interesting was that our bathroom was actually the same size or bigger than our hotel room. The staff are nice and helped us book a tour to Stonehenge. It's close to the Kings Cross metro station and has a Subway around the corner if you want an inexpensive meal. The breakfast isn't anything to write home about but isn't too bad- with cereal and fruit from a can and hardboiled eggs and toast (you have to special order the toast). I would recommend this hotel for people who are just looking for a place to sleep and are on a budget.	
Aug 6 2007 	Look around before you book the Comfort Inn King's Cross	We ended up staying for the four nights we had planned, but almost didn't. The room they initially gave our family of four us was very small and very shabby, but that isn’t primarily what made us ask for a different room. The smell of mildew/mold was overpowering. It was strong in the hallways, and worse in the room. We usually wouldn’t request a different room, but as I told the desk clerk, this was the most expensive room I had ever stayed in (due to London prices and the exchange rate), and it shouldn’t be the worst. He was helpful, and found a suite that he gave us for the same price. This second room wasn’t luxurious, but it was clean and smelled fine (both inside and in the hallway). There was only one small (9 inch? 12 inch?) TV, and the living room area bed was basically an old fold out couch, not a hide-a-bed. The linens were worn, poor quality, and non matching, but they were clean. The included breakfasts were not fancy, but filling. The staff was nice, especially the breakfast lady. Both of the rooms we were in were in the basement, but on different sides of the building. I wonder if there are drainage issues on the right side. Location was fine--restaurants and pubs to walk to, different forms of public transportation not too far away. Overall, London was easier to get around than I expected. The immediate area was not touristy, but seemed safe and relatively quiet.I would stay at this hotel again, but would try elsewhere first. I think a hotel owner should think of their business as they would a home: Would I give these accommodations to a friend? Our second room was three star quality, but I would never think of letting a friend (or even my friend’s dog) stay in the first room. We had made reservations at full price well in advance--that room should only be used as last resort-- if at all.	
Jul 9 2007	Do NOT stay there!	Just to clarify, I've stayed in budget hotels before, so I know what to expect from one. But this... They wish they could actually pull themselves to a level where they could start calling it a budget hotel. Filthy shower, towels are so worn they actually have holes and permanent stains (!!!) Blanket is disgusting. If the housekeeping is getting paid, it's a mystery to me what are they getting paid for. Honestly, this is the kind of hygiene level you'd expect at a truck stop in the middle of nowhere, not a &quot;nice budget hotel&quot; as these people shamelessly brand themselves. I stayed at Comfort Inn in the US before, and it was great. Just didn't expect such a dramatic difference in quality (it's the same chain!)Do yourselves a favor, don't ruin your trip. As fun as your day may be, this is a hellhole you'd be forced to return to every night. Don't ruin your stay in London. It's a beautiful city, and there are plenty of decent hotels. Not this one though.	
Jul 7 2007 	Terrible receptionist noisy room	I arrived midnite and was given a room close to the main road. It was so noisy that I couldn't sleep at all. I have very gd noise tolerence level given that I came fr Hong Kong! When I asked receptionist Zhuro politely if it was possible to change room. She gave me a stern look and said nobody ever complained that room and only the room nxt to it is available. Later on, I discovered that a glass panel of my room's window was broken. When I informed her, she gave me the look that I was such an annoying customer. She also said the cleaner had left and it wasn't possible to change room....... They advertised that they got the award of the best comfort inn in the UK... just show you how bad the other ones might be......Much prefer Harlingford Hotel.	
May 29 2007 	Perfectly suited our needs	We arrived at Gatwick Airport &amp; took the First Capital Connect Train to Kings Cross Thameslink station. From there the hotel is only a two minute walk that was no problem pulling our luggage. Very convenient for the buses to anywhere plus the tube is right there. Our room #139 was very clean &amp; the bathroom was actually much bigger than I expected. The room was small but very clean &amp; the maid made it up everyday &amp; always had lots of fresh towels. There was a kettle with packets of tea &amp; coffee &amp; cookies every day. The breakfast was quite good &amp; I was suprised at how good the coffee selection was for breakfast. The airconditioning worked great &amp; was a welcome relief on the hot days. Also the hotel has an elevator. It is a bit off the main road so that made it a little more quiet &amp; we were not disturbed at night by noise. The staff was very helpful &amp; courteous. All &amp; all a good stay &amp; I would go back there again. Not to be confused with the Comfort Inn Kings Cross Suites on Argyle. This is the one on St Chad's Street of of Euston.	
May 9 2007 	Wouldn't recommend to anyone	On arriving at the hotel my parents were given a Family room as opposed to the Twin room I had booked for them. The family room consisted of a double bed and two very worse for wear fold out sofa chairs. The receptionist firstly informed me that I must have booked the wrong room. I reminded the receptionist that he was the one who showed me a twin room when I first visited the place to make the booking 2 months ago, hence know what a twin room looks like. The receptionist then informed me that my parents had been upgraded to a family room, and that no other twin room was available. They gave my parents the option of moving to a twin room the following day. My parents didn't feel like packing and unpacking all over again, so decided to stay in the family room. I should also mention that although I had specifically asked for the room to be towards the back of the building to avoid traffic noise......the room was towards the front of the building. My parents were unable to have showers on 2 of the 3 mornings due to the water being either freezing cold or scalding hot.The breakfast room was so small, that many guests were sent to their room with their breakfast. The carpet in the room was filthy from old spillages.I would NOT recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Mar 29 2007 	well impressed	I've stayed in a number of budget hotels in London before, and generally they are grotty. This, however, was a pleasant surprise. The staff were courteous and friendly. The room was absolutely tiny, with not much room for storage. I only had a small weekend-sizes bag of stuff, which was ok, but if you had a big case or rucksack, ir if you were staying for more than 4 or 5 days, you might find it too cramped. there was a tiny little bathroom too. I'm not being funny, but if you were fat you wouldn't have made it in or out. there was about a foot between the hand basin and the wall, and you had to squeeze past to reach the shower.nevertheless, it was spotless. and since it was so small, my face was pretty close to the wall at all times, and it GLEAMED.There was tea facilities, a hairdryer, tv and so on in the room. The bed sheets were clean and smelled like laundry powder - infinitely preferable to some places I've stayed. I think there was asn incontinence sheet under the bed sheet tho - not sure about this but there was a distinct rustle when I got in. all the better I suppose...there was a gradn little window in the room which could be opened - often there isn't, you know - so plenty of fresh air.the location is great, just around the corner from Kings Cross station, which is a major transport hub for buses, undergrounds, national rail, and soon the eurostar train.there wasn't a huge selection fo eateries in the area - a decent enough italian (cheap and cheerful) called Casa Mamma, a few dodgy Indians. there's a Pret dwn past the train station on Kings Cross Road, always good for breakfast/lunch.breakfast in the hotel wasn't up to much. some odd-tasting croissants (i think they had been frozen. tasted a bit stale), a coffee vending machine, a juice machine, a load of hard boiled eggs. toast on demand. not worth getting up for, but but would fill a hole for a couple of hours. Overall a grand spot, reasonable, good value for money, good location, spotless.	
Mar 19 2007 	Great Stay	Booked the hotel over the net but as we needed a room big enough for 4 adults we contacted the hotel direct and the staff were very helpful. On arrival we had been upgraded to a suite not sure how big a normal room is as the suite wasnt massive but the room was clean if a little dated there was even a kitchenette with microwave and fridge. The bathroom was modern and clean when we asked for more towels reception staff responded immediately. The continental breakfast was great plenty of everything. Overall we had a great night in London and the hotel really was adequte for the money we paid.	
Mar 10 2007 	Not much for the money	My husband and myself stayed at the hotel overnight on the 24th February. The check in was fine - a very friendly chap on reception. Our room was very small, in fact, the smallest 'double room' we have ever stayed in. We did ask if there was a larger room, but were told the hotel was full. (a room number had been written on our keycard envelope, and then crossed out, leaving me to wonder if another guest had asked for a larger room, after seeing the size of this one) The view from our window was over a small covered courtyard, which made me feel very claustrophobic, and any longer that one night, would have caused me trouble. However the bed was very comfortable, although the T.V. was perched on top of the wardrobe (Hmmm) The bathroom was clean. The room was quiet, so we got a good nights sleep. The breakfast was O.K., although I think if all the guests arrived at once there would have been a squash (there was a bit of table-sharing as it was) There wasn't any communal areas, such as a lounge or small bar. There was the small foyer, which was in the process of being refurbished, and a vending machine. The hotel was in a convenient location for the tube etc... I thought that £95 for a double room in this hotel was pricey. I have paid round this price before in London, and got better value. I would stay there again if I could guarantee a larger room. If my husband and myself were fatties, we might have got wedged in room this size.	
Mar 2 2007 	not bad at all!	We stayed for four nights with our two young children. The room was not huge or luxurious, but it was clean and suited our needs just fine. Most importantly, it was cheaper than similar options for a family. The breakfast was a good start to the day and the location is excellent. The staff were friendly and kind. I think the hotel website offered a good deal if you can plan in advance.	
Mar 1 2007 	Would definately stay here again	We (my girlfriend and me, 22+24 yrs) stayed for 3 nights (5-8 of february), and I can only say that this is the best bargain I've made on my trips to London (3 trips, 4 hotels).Rooms are small, but more than enough if you use them like we did - we only spent the night, since there are lots of things in London that's more exciting than sitting in your hotel-room ;-)Breakfast were as could be expected; nothing out of the ordinary, yet we didn't starve when we left in the mornings.The staff were very friendly both during check-in and check-out, and also during the stay.For example, we needed directions to the Imperial War Museum, and since the guy at the frontdesk couldn't give us them right away (the night before our trip) he promised us to find out, and make sure they were at the reception the next morning so we could pick them up on our way out - and sure, the next morning we got a full explanation of the trip to IWM :-)On the 8th we were stopped by snow (for instance, the airport was closed), and the reception were once again good at advising us on what to do. The fact that we chose not to listen but instead spend 24 hours in the airport ain't their fault, lol...But to sum up; very recommendable hotel if you're just looking for a place to sleep.	
Feb 23 2007	Great Family Value	Best find in London. Clean, nice size rooms with new bathrooms, elevator (lift) and the most helpful staff. From the minute we arrived to the minute we left the staff was attentive to all our needs. If your a family on a budget there are plenty of reasonable places to eat nearby including McDonalds, Burger King and Subways. The free deluxe continental breakfast including eggs, cheese and croissants as well as yogurt and cereal was filling enough to carry you to an early dinner. It's located by major tube lines and bus connections. The British Library is within walking distance. It contains treasures ranging from the Magna Carta to The Beatle's handwritten lyrics. The British museum is just a 15 minute walk or 3 bus stops away. Both are good places to start you sightseeing if your room is not ready for check in.If you plan on staying here, call the hotel to arrange a car service for you from the airport. They can save you quite a bit of money.	
Feb 19 2007	I Would NOT Stay Here Again	This hotel is in a state of disrepair and the service is below average. It is budget for London (90 pounds/night) but it did not deliver on the money spent. Construction in the lobby floor had the linoleum tiles pulled up and chicken wire exposed and lifted up off the floor almost 12 inches right in the walkway. My wife didn't see the chicken wire and tripped over it almost falling on her face. I understand that repairs have to be made but they must cover them off hours and have clear signs and paths for the safety of guests to navigate through them. Room was extremely small and tired, bed small and lumpy, 70's decor. The whole feel of the hallways, stairs and carpets is confined and old/wore out. Tiny bathroom, I'm skinny and 5 11' yet my knees touched the sink when I sat on the loo. If I was a 250 pounder my gut would touch the sink. B-fast was fine, nothing special and when we asked for ice cubes in our drinks the lady worker said gruffly &quot;Go to reception&quot;. It wasn't busy that morning for b-fast as we and one other gent we're there and she could have accomodated us on this request. This is more hostel than hotel and at 90 pounds/180$ US I felt ripped off. Will defeinately not stay here again. There are better &quot;Budget Hotels &quot; around this area like Travel Lodge.	
Feb 15 2007 	Terrible (see attached photos)	My wife and I have visited many destinations, both within the U.S and in Europe. This is by far the worst hotel we have ever stayed at in. By far...Well, let the pictures speak for themselves.This is what happened:Stayed in this hotel in October 2006. We were originally placed in one of the basement rooms. It was very humid. Mold was all over the bathroom ceiling. Once you used a towel, it would remain wet. We were told the hotel was booked solid, so there was no opportunity to switch rooms at that time. A middle-aged couple next door smoked like chimneys and kept their door open for ventilation. Even with our door closed the room constantly smelled of cigarette smoke. That, however, was a blessing in disguise, as we later learned. Our neighbors left the next day, and the smoke cleared. After we stepped into our room that evening, it smelled like something died in it. As it turned out, it was the smell of mold. We just couldn't feel it the night before because of all the cigarette smoke. And it grew considerably too. We had no idea mold would actually smell so rancid, nor did we know it could grow that fast. We also noticed various grey and brownish stains on some of the new towels left by housekeeping earlier that day. But - by comparison - that was the least of our concerns at that point. We needed to get out of &quot;the dungeon&quot;.Eventually we were able to move into a different room (on the ground floor). The picture of a filthy faucet is from that second room. And the pillow too. Really, there were a lot more photo opportunities of the same kind in this place.We weren't rude when pointing out all of these things to the hotel staff. And the staff weren't rude either. They just don't care. When I asked them about the mold in our first room, the exact reply was &quot;Oh yeah. We were just waiting for you guys to leave so that we could clean it up.&quot; When I mentioned the dirty towels and sheets, this is what they told me: &quot;Our laundry is done off-site, by another company. This is what it looks like when they send it back to us. There nothing we can do about it.&quot; Oh well.	
Jan 3 2007 	Excellent Budget Hotel	We stayed at this hotel on 30th/31st December for New Year. We found the room to be very small, but very clean and well worth the money we paid. We just wanted a cheap base to explore London and this is what we got. The breakfast was an added bonus, as most hotels around this price range did not include breakfast. It was well worth getting up for in the morning. I would definitely recommend this hotel if you are looking for a cheap place to stay that is clean and friendly. The lady who managed the breakfast in the morning was extremely friendly and helpful, even though it was very busy when we stayed and she must have been very stressed.	
Dec 5 2006 	Excellent Budget Choice	We just wanted a cheap, clean, place to stay for a weekend theatre trip and i'm happy to say Comfort Inn exceded our expectations.We booked a room for 4 and at £25pp including breakfast we weren't expecting alot. We were actually given a suite rather than the family room we'd paid for. So this was plenty big enough - 2 rooms, a small dining table, kitchenette and shower room. The room was clean, comfortable and reasonably modern in decor, i have no complaints at all.The inclusive breakfast was actually pretty good for a budget hotel - a choice of hot drinks and juices, yogurts, cheese, croissants, boiled eggs and 3 cereal choices with toast brought to the table. The only problem here is that the room is v small for the size of the hotel, though the friendly and efficient lady running the breakfast room did her best to get you seated asap.We do normally stay a bit more central but the location is not bad at all really. It's certainly in easy walking distance of Oxford St and Kings Cross Tube is nearby if you're travelling a bit further.This is not my favourite base in London but suited our budget on this occasion and i wouldn't hesitate in recommending it to anyone looking for a basic, clean, comfortable hotel.	
Nov 30 2006 	Good Location	The location was excellent; just a 2-3 minute walk from Kings Cross / St Pancras tube station. The room was reasonably clean; bathroom was very clean, though the fixtures needed some minor maintenance. Shower was great - hot with a good volume of water. Room had hair dryer, kettle, mugs, tea, coffee, little cream cookies. My husband's only complaint was a lack of a pub in the immediate area. We got up too late to sample breakfast, but there were plenty of coffee shops in the area. I'd stay there again.	
Nov 16 2006 	it was terrible	we stayed on monday the 6th november when we checked in the evening the man on reception was so rude, we requested a non smoking room but where given a smoking room that smelt very bad. When we asked to change rooms he said none were available and he could not do anything about it. The following morning he was in reception again to my horror he asked me if i enjoyed my stay when he knew very well i didnt. He then said it was unfortunate and i told him i wouldnt come here again and he was very pleased with it and said good.dont go there!!!	
Oct 31 2006 	Great Budget Choice	We stayed overnight on Saturday 28 October 2006 in a double room. We obtained a good rate by booking directly with the hotel website in advance. We arrived about 30 minutes before the check in time and were invited to sit in the receiption area while they checked our room. After about a five minute wait we were able to go to our room. The room was in the basement but had a window facing an inner courtyard. The room was small (average for London) had everything that one required. There was an ensuit shower room. The room was very clean, comfortable and the decor was fine apart from some of the wall paper was slightly peeling off at the edges but nothing major. Breakfast was continential and self service. We were impressed with the variety for a budget hotel. We were able to leave our case at the hotel until it was time to depart London. Overall we had a very pleasant stay, the room was great value and service was very good. We would stay here again and recommend to others.	
Oct 25 2006 	Nice place for those on a budget	My friend and I stayed in this hotel for a weekend down in London. It was very close to both Kings Cross (and the tube) and Euston station. The staff were very friendly. Breakfast was good considering it was included in the price. Overall I would definitely recommend this hotel compared to some I've stayed in for a higher price in London.	
Oct 22 2006 	Excellent budget choice	We picked this hotel based on previous reviews, and were very pleased. Its less than a 5 minute walk from King's Cross station (exit the station on to Euston Road, then turn left towards Grays Inn Rd. Cross over at the junction and go down Birkenhead St on the right, then left at the end). Lots of options for food close by (Subway, McD's, Indian, chippy etc). On arrival, we were upgraded to a suite (nice surprise!). Although it was in the basement, noise level was OK (only woken up once by other guests stamping around in room above), and the room was very large and very clean. All staff were very friendly and helpful. Breakfast was fine, just about what you'd expect (tea/coffee, juice, croissants, cereal, yoghurt and 'toast bread', as they called it!) One thing worth mentioning - the stairs down to the breakfast room are quite steep, so if you're a bit unsteady on your feet for whatever reason I'd recommend the lift instead. Overall, a very good choice if all you need is somewhere clean and cheap, with very easy access to the rest of London.	
Oct 18 2006 	A roof over my head for the night	I was quite pleased with the Comfort Inn in Kings Cross. Admittedly, I was upgraded to a family room from a twin which was more than ample for me on my own.I ended up staying at the Comfort Inn because it seemed, from the reviews on tripadvisor, the best compromise between price and quality. (All the other decent hotels in Bloomsbury were fully booked for some reason).The room was clean, the usual tea and coffee making facilities were present and the air-con was silent albeit either on or off (you couldn't adjust it)The staff were very friendly and helpful which is always a pleasant surprise in London hotels!I wouldn't hesitate to stop here again, but it wouldn't be my first choice.	
Oct 16 2006 	Great Value	I stayed in this Hotel twice in a 2 week period and was pleasantly surprised, the hotel staff were most pleasant to deal with, something that other hotels in London seem to lack, the rooms were small, but very comfortable and well appointed for a budget motel, taking into account the great attitude of the staff and the price, and room appointments, this is the best value for money Hotel I've found in London.	
Oct 13 2006 	Not what I expected	My husband and I stayed in London before. We were familiar with the area and felt comfortable choosing this location. The room was not as expected from the pictures posted. Our room had mold spots on the wall. The bed does not sit on a bed frame. It is a box spring and mattress on the ground. The bathroom does have some space to put your stuff away. In our room the shower door had a broken wheel and had problems staying on track. There were no dressers in the room. It had a place to hang some clothes, but is not a closet with a door. We did ask for a different room but none were available. No discount was given. It does have a tv with cable in the room but is only a 14&quot; screen.	
Oct 13 2006 	Good for the price but...	Good : location (close to Kings Cross / St. Pancras tube and railway stations), helpful staff, clean room, good shower, many cheap restaurants around if you´re in a hurry, great price (for London).Not so good : the room is minuscule, you´ll have to put your suitcase on the bed to open it . The nearby police station means sirens wailing through the night. Air conditioning is installed so that the cold air draught goes straight to your head when lying in bed (yes, I´ve tried to re-direct the vanes, didn´t work). On the other hand keeping the window open will bring you the smell of all those nearby food joints, at least if you stay in the third (top) floor. The usual quirky electrical installation, and the steps in the corridor will make lugging the suitcase around a nice workout.Overall this is a good choice if you´re on a budget, and access to transportation is excellent, but I´ll probably try something else next time.	
Oct 6 2006 	Clean and comfortable	This small hotel is very close to Kings Cross with small restaurants close by and a Subway (sandwiches) on the cornerI requested a room above the ground floor, as they do have rooms on lower ground and ground floor,which I prefer not to useI was lucky to be upgraded to a &quot;suite&quot; on the top floor room 4The house is in a period terrace row and looks like it originally was 2/3 houses which have been knocked together. This means that the corridors and stairwells are narrow and twistywatch out if you have large suitcases.The room I had was large. The living room section had two fold out small sofas that had been made up as single beds which meant I was disuaded from sitting on them.Also in that part of the room was a small tv safe and kitchenette with sink and drainer, crockery and cutlery and microwave. The supplies of Tea and Coffee and biccies were very generousThe shower room was small but the shower was a large enclosed one. with those large Dove soap and gel dispensers (pet hates as I am allergic to the stuff)The bedroom had a double bed with another tv and vanity unit open wardrobe and drawers. The decor was modern and bright and everything looked fresh, clean and responably newAnother added bonus was the air conditioning unit although it was a noisy one. The room had opening windows and was bright and airy.I was impressed by the pile of towels (although cheap and cheerful) plentiful and the standard of cleanliness was greatThere is only breakfast available but the hotel room folder boasted take away delivery menus which was helpfulThe staff were friendly and helpful and arranged taxi's for me with a smileBreakfast is served in the basement and I imagine being next to that room would be noisyThe food is very basic cereal,boiled eggs, packet cheeses, rolls and croissants, packet jams and long life yoghurts. A real no frills but if you are stocking up for a walk around London or to keep you going during a boring work morning you'll survive without fainting from hungerI was impressed with the welcome, cleanliness and good condition of the rooms and great contents and would have no hesitation in booking in again	
Jul 14 2006	Nice 	Stayed at Comfort Inn Kings Cross 3 nights from 10. June. 4 minutes walking to Kings Cross. For a scandinavian was the breakfast not so good &quot;only&quot; bread, cereal, juice, coffee, tea and hot chocolate, plus canned peaches, cheese and hard boiled eggs. Friendly staff and quick service. Small but fine rooms. Vendings whith soft drinks and candy, ice maker.Near Kings Cross but not noisy	
Jul 9 2006	very good hotel	We (family-teenager) booked this accommodation based on the reviews of “Tripadvisor” and by “Expedia”. It was clean, noiseless and comfortable. The location was 20 minutes walk into the heart of old town. The front desk staff were friendly and helpful. Everything was very good.	
Jul 9 2006	Simple but good	It was a great location, just a block from King's Cross station where there were 5 tube lines and a block from First Connect Thameslink which took us directly to and from Gatwick airport in about 1 hour.The hotel staff was friendly and helped set up a taxi for us the morning we needed to be at the train station early to head with a tour group to Paris for a day (worth the time to take the trip through the chunnel). Every morning they had a nice breakfast with bread, cereal, juice, coffee, tea and hot chocolate, plus canned peaches, cheese and hard boiled eggs. Enough to fill our stomachs before all the walking we did. The rooms were small and the beds a little firm, but the bathrooms were nice and new. Air conditioning was great and there was an elevator and ice machine. They even let us check in early. The only bummer was that I had another friend visiting London and she left a message for me at the front desk so we could meet up while we were both there, but I never got the message. I would recommend the hotel though for it's location and what you get for the money.	
Jun 30 2006	Good value for money!	Stayed at Comfort Inn Kings Cross 3 nights from 9. June and had a very pleasant stay. The location is good, giving easy access to most of London. Rooms are small, but work out great for tourists only stopping by for a shower and a few hours sleep. The included breakfast was not exactly exciting stuff, but probably saved us quite a bit of time and money. For three nights we payed 420£ for two twinrooms, felt we got a very good value for our money. Would stay here again.	
Jun 20 2006	Nice..except room 105!	Nice. Clean. 4 minutes walking to Kings Cross. Can leave your bags in luggage room. Nice employes.Just try to avoid room 105, next door to breakfast room... noises until 01:00 AM (preparing the next day) and the Hell of noise after 06:00. Except this and it would be perfect...	
Mar 13 2006	Very Pleasant Stay	My mother, niece, daughter, and I spent 8 nights at the Kings Cross Comfort Inn and were very pleased. We had two rooms, each non-smoking and with two twin beds. The rooms were very clean. Our sheets were changed at least twice, maybe three times, while we were there. The bathrooms were a nice size and also very clean.The included breakfast included croissants, yogurt, cheese, cereal, toast, boiled eggs, juice, and a selection of coffees and hot chocolate.  The staff was very friendly and helpful. We arrived at the hotel at 11am hoping to be able to deposit our luggage, and we were actually able to check into one of our rooms immediately. As we were heading out the door, less than 30 minutes later, our other room was also ready. The rooms were conveniently located across the hall from each other and separated from the stairs and the rest of the hall by a fire door, so we had a great deal of privacy.We did not spend a great deal of time in our rooms, so did not suffer from the limited selection of television channels. The location was fantastic -- just a couple of blocks from the Thameslink station and from the Kings Cross tube and train stations. We bought London Passes with travelcards before we left and picked them up at the British Visitors Center in Picadilly the first day we arrived. We had them validated to begin the next day. We visited many sights with our passes and enjoyed a couple of theater productions. Everything was easily accessible from Kings Cross. We even traveled to Chislehurst, Eltham, Greenwich, and Hampton Court with ease using our travelcards to catch the trains.My only complaints were the mattress pad on my bed which was falling apart and not very smooth and the noisy neighbors we had above us for a few nights. Other than that, and a bit of cold rainy weather, our trip could not have been better.	
Nov 28 2005	Satisfied Customer	Stayed there 2 days. All I wanted was a clean comfortable room, efficient staff &amp; good location. I got everything I wanted and more- the staff were very friendly. Allowed us to check in early. Handy to all the sites by tube and if you want the exercise not too far a walk to the city centre. Only fault I found was that I had to have a very cold shower one of the mornings which is not good in November!!! Recommended.	
Nov 27 2005	Good London Hotel	This is pretty much a basic hotel. Nothing fancy but very clean, rooms have a good size, nice bathroom and good location. (but boring breakfeast).If you don't want to risk staying at one of the many crap-hotels located in the london, and still not pay a fortune then this is the 'sure bet'. Good value.	
Nov 23 2005	Very Good Staff 	I totally enjoyed my stay at the Kings Cross Comfort Inn. The entire staff was friendly and very helpful.Very close to the Kings Cross tube station. There's a very good and affordable place to eat (CHOP CHOP)a block away. There's a good breakfast served daily at the hotel and a Starbucks not far away for that needed jolt each morning. I would certainly stay here again. Rooms just a bit small but very clean and comfortable. Had a great time.	
Oct 13 2005	Clean rooms good location good value	The rooms are a bit small, but nice and clean. The location is great, right next to King's Cross tube station.The staff was very pleasant and helpful.You get a good value for your money.	
Oct 10 2005	Not to the standard I was expecting	You checkin at a Comfort Inn and expect a certain amount of quality due to the name, however was really let down. The staff were rude, the hotel wasnt that clean, and the prices compare to hotels in the area was 30% more expensive. we actually ended up leaving and staying at a much better hotel in Kings Cross at nearly £40 per night cheaper!Would not go back to this hotel....	
Oct 5 2005	Not a real bad experience very small good location for transport	A nice surprise when we got there, we ended up having a suite. It's still small, but really all it was for us was a place to sleep after touring around all day. Free breakfast was a huge +, gave one the xtra energy for all that walking. Located very close to the King's Cross/St Pancras tube station, connects with many lines on the Underground tube and rail stations. Didn't have a problem with the area, &amp; we often came back late around 10 or 11pm. Staff helpful, friendly. Don't use the internet there $$$, go to any 'net cafes about a block away. Not noisy at all, even on the weekend, we had an end room on the first floor. Stuffy but we opened up windows with no problem. Our coffee/tea pot was gross inside, but had a sink, dishes, flatware, mini fridge &amp; microwave.Some travel advice: We walked around a lot ourselves, but do the &quot;London Walks&quot; tours if you can. Excellent! We did a night &quot;Ghost Walk&quot; tour. You can eat fairly cheap, eat at pubs...good food, you don't have to tip. Your tax is already included in the prices. GET A TRAVELCARD!! for the tube/bus/rail and you get a discount on the city water travel on the Thames. Tube is easy to use. Always carry a street map and a map of the the Tube. Have Fun!	
Sep 29 2005	Wouldn't stay here again	The location of this hotel is convenient to King's Cross Rail/Tube Station. St. Chad Street is a quiet side street. The service was very friendly and helpful. The breakfast was the typical American Continental breakfast of toast or croissants, canned sliced peaches, yoghurt, orange and apple juice, coffee and tea. We paid $130 for one night. The room we had on the 3rd floor was extremely small and uncomfortable. The bathroom was nice and looked fairly new and updated, with a small shower only. The hallway to our room was very narrow. The bed was very firm and uncomfortable, the pillows were flat. We could not adjust the air-conditioner, without paying a $10 deposit for the remote control. I was happy that our stay was for only one night. I expected better after reading the reviews prior to our vacation.	
Sep 28 2005 	Great little hotel but the breakfast - YUK!	I stayed here for two nights this month and to be honest was quite impressed with this little hotel.The rooms were a nice size, and look as if they have recently been refurbished in a modern style. The bedlinen was spotlessly clean, if a little worn, and the bed was comfortable. The bathroom was modern, clean, with a good powershower. I gather from the pile of mattresses outside the front door on my last morning that they're in the process of replacing those too.After a few problems (TV didn't work, aircon didn't work), the lovely lady on reception, who couldn't have done enough to sort things out for me, upgraded my room. They also took the trouble to match customers to keys so I never had to ask for it - they always had it ready for me. It's attention to detail like that, that makes this hotel stand out in my book. Really impressed with the staff here.I have to admit to having been a bit worried about the location (being in Kings Cross) but as a woman staying on my own, I felt very safe walking around - it wasn't at all over-run with prostitutes (which is how I remembered it :)) and in fact, there's quite a few places to eat nearby - a Subway sandwich bar at the end of the road, and the highly recommended Chop Chop Noodle bar opposite the station. Oh, and there's a great little internet cafe at the end of the street which does access for 99p an hour - bargain!If you're planning to stay here, do - but just so's you know the whole story, here are my only concerns -  - The hotel is a few residential houses knocked together and made into a hotel. Therefore, there are lots of little ups-and-down stairs to get to your room. Because of all the little bits of stairs, there are numerous fire doors which can be hard to get through with your bags. Although there's a lift here, I don't see how you'd be able to get around if you use a wheelchair or have mobility requirements. Also, because it's not purpose-built, the soundproofing between rooms is poor. On my second night, I was woken up at 12.00, 2.30, and 5am by the bloke in the room next door on his cellphone. Not amused!- The breakfast, included in the price, was cheap and nasty - in fact on the 2nd morning I went elsewhere even though I'd paid for it. You might like 'fake' cornflakes that taste and look like cardboard with rancid warm milk, soggy croissants which weren't even heated up, pasteurised storecupboard yoghurts instead of fresh ones, but I don't! Not even a sniff of fresh fruit, although they had some tinned stuff in a bowl on the side. The breakfast really, really REALLY let this place down, which is why I've only given it 4 (would have been 5 if the brekkie was semi-edible).	
Sep 20 2005	Nice Surprise	It really is newly refurbished! It really is convenient! And the staff is great.Had booked this hotel for beginning of trip three days in London, liked it so much that I immediately booked it for the last two days of my trip and cancelled my existing reservation for another hotel	
Aug 2 2005	Great Find	We stayed at this hotel for a 'girly' weekend away and after some of the other budget horrors we have been in this was a fantastic surprise.The rooms are clean, full of everything you might want and the staff friendly. We felt like the only people there.The only down side is the lack of nice bars in kings cross, but the bus is only 1 minute away.A great find.	
Jun 4 2005	Home away from Home	My husband and I stayed here for 4 nights just before the May Bank Holiday weekend. Don't worry about the tatty looking neighbourhood if you're arriving by the underground at King's Cross Station. On the way to the hotel is a flatiron type building that's been boarded up and heavily grafftied, though there is no need for you to walk on that side. Otherwise the area is just very busy and homey. Lots of reasonable restaurants. The cheapest internet cafe around the corner on Gray's Inn Road that gives you an access code which lets you use your time over several visits. Very close to British Library and easy walking to British Museum, even Leicester Square and Covent Garden. We took the bus back to the hotel one night after seeing Brooke Shields in Chicago and even at 11:30 the area is busy and felt quite safe. The location is ideal for traveling by public transit - several underground lines converge at King's Cross, and numerous buses either end here or pass through.The hotel itself is a gem. It's converted from a series of row houses, so be prepared for many fire doors as you navigate through and down to the breakfast room. Our room was on the ground floor, spacious with ample shelving storage. Our 3 favourite features - 1) a spotless, roomy, bright white bathroom, with plenty of storage; 2) a big double-hung window that opens only 6 inches, very safe, with a flowerbox - nice touch; 3) powerful air conditioner that keeps the room temperature comfortably cool to our liking and provides white noise to block out street and hallway noise (not a major issue but my own personal pet peeve).Best of all is the hotel staff who all behave like they enjoy working there and are happy to help. Right after check in the housekeeper came to make sure everything was fine. The receptionists were all friendly and helpful but not intrusive even though we had to turn in our room key every time we went out (not sure why, but not an issue). When we had trouble with our room key the first morning, the maintenance man painting nearby came over to help. The ladies in the breakfast room were efficient and thoughtful, always anticipating your needs and quick to correct any problems. The continental breakfast was as substantial as the full English breakfasts we had elsewhere. All in all the hotel staff made us feel like we were at a 4 or 5 star hotel. Well done!! For budget-minded travellers, this hotel can't be beat....	
Apr 26 2005	Great find for the price!!	This place is great for the traveler who is on a budget but still expects cleanliness and a private bathroom.The only minor downside for me was it's location -- it isn't the kind of neighborhood that you want to walk around at night alone (but then again, there aren't many big cities in the world where a woman feels great about doing this). The nice thing is that it was just a couple blocks from Kings Cross station, which is convenient for many tube lines. It's a great place to stay if you plan to be out and just need a comfortable and clean place to crash at night, and maybe watch a little tv.My husband and I really enjoyed our stay there...the continental breakfasts in the morning were good too!	
Apr 11 2005	Adequate	We stayed one night here before a train journey out of London so we chose this hotel on price as well as location. It was voted Best Comfort Inn of the Year. I'd hate to see the others. While it was clean and the staff were pleasant it looked as though it were decorated with Goodwill hand me downs for curtains and bedspread. Chair in the room had stains on it and needed recovered but all in all it was what we needed. One night in a relatively cheap place close to the train station.I would not have wanted to stay more than the one night however. Breakfast was included and like the room was adequate.	
Apr 6 2005	Simple but nice	I stayed here in March 2005. It's simple, convenient, and the people are nice. It is around the corner from Kings Cross Station making it convenient to the tube and trains. There is a Subway (food) on the corner, KFC and McDonalds around the corner, and lots of small food stores within a block. The police station is there so the car sirens went off a bit, but I slept through it for the most part. All I wanted was a place to stay and I didn't care about luxury. It's reasonably priced and includes breakfast. Only warning...it's not a place you want to walk alone late at night, but I felt safe at 9 p.m. One night there was some loud talking outside in front of the very expensive car dealership across the street. In summary, it's clean and convenient.	
Dec 13 2004	Small but perfectly formed	Stayed here for one night in October 2004. Room very small but quiet and well-equipped. Hardly any traffic noise. Shower OK, though extractor fan went on interminably and cooled the room down far too much. Bed clean and comfortable. Corridors narrow. Receptionist and breakfast-room staff very friendly &amp; cheerful. Breakfast not very substantial.Location near King's Cross station not nearly as bad as it sounds. Walking back to the hotel at about 10 in the evening from Oxford Street, I found the area was not heaving with prostitutes and muggers but almost deserted, though I did incur some mild racial abuse from a passing group of youths.The hotel is at the northern end of Bloomsbury, a genteel and attractive area featuring the University of London, and I walked to Oxford Street in 40 minutes.All in all, a positive experience, though not a hotel for those with a fear of confined spaces.	
Dec 5 2004	A very pleasant stay!	Stayed here in November 2004. Wonderful staff, clean room, great breakfast, which we appreciated considering how good it was and that it's complimentary. Only downside is the neighborhood. It's not the ritziest; however, never felt unsafe at any time and also the tube station is a block away and made getting around extremely easy. I was given a phone message immediately after returning to the hotel after a show one evening. Also, appreciated the ice and vending machines and tube maps available. I would definitely stay here again!	
Sep 28 2004	A gem	I stayed here for three nights in late Sept. This is a very nice establishment with very helpful staff. Although my single room was small by American standards, it was very clean and had amenities you don't usually find in a &quot;budget&quot; hotel, like a good hair dryer, in-room coffee and tea, really good soap, excellent lighting, and nice decor. In the lobby you can get on the internet to check mail for 50 p. for 7 minutes. The location is convenient to the tube and buses. As a woman by herself, I found the neighborhood quite safe. The British Library is a 3 minute walk away. I would stay here again. It was an excellent deal. I booked through Expedia and paid $100 a night, which included a good breakfast.	
Sep 8 2004	Better than expected	After reading about some terrible London hotel experiences, I stayed here with my wife and 2 boys for 3 nights in August 2004. We were a bit apprehensive when we arrived, as access to the basement room was a bit awkward. However, the room (family suite) was much bigger than we expected, and apart from being a bit stuffy was fine. The boys had a bed settee each, and there were two TVs, although we hardly had the chance to turn them on! The area is a bit tatty, but we didn't have any hassles. Could hardly have had a better location for transport.	
Aug 26 2004	Goor price and location	We stayed 3 nights in august. The room was tiny although well kept and extremely clean. The TV was like 8&quot;. Breakfast was OK although the breakfast room was full always.No AC but 2 fans that did the job.The location is excellent and the price (around USD100 through expedia) make a good choice if you are in a budget and want the room just to shower and sleep.	
Jul 24 2004	Location!	Spent 5 nights at the Comfort Inn in July. The good: helpful front desk staff, good breakfast, clean modern room and bathroom. Convenient tube and train access at Kings Cross station. The bad: location, location, location. The hotel is in a rough and tawdry area. Boarded up businesses, drunks on the street, 3rd world poor. Not what a tourist expects of London. Also, our double room was tiny, there was not even space for drawers. Plus we had to go up and down several small flights of stairs and fire doors to get to the room. (I asked and they do have some rooms in the front that are larger but at a greater cost.) Bloomsbury is a few blocks away, and that area is soooo much nicer. If you do stay here, have dinner at one of the Indian restaurants on the main street. Nice atmosphere and delicious food.	
Jul 5 2004	Good quality for the money		
Jul 1 2004	not on sunday		
Jun 22 2004	A Great Value		
Jun 3 2004	A lovely London holiday at Kings Cross!		
May 29 2004	Great Hotel!		
Mar 10 2004	brilliant service		
Feb 8 2004	Small but cosy		
Nov 22 2003	Small rooms great staff so-so location		
Oct 24 2003	Great Budget Hotel		
Sep 28 2003	Spartan but convenient and cheap		
Nov 16 2009 	calme - bien situé		
Aug 29 2009 	Adresse de passage		
Aug 9 2009	Sympathique		
Jun 27 2009 	Pulito camere sufficienti il resto mediocre		
Jun 3 2009 	ottima soluzione		
Feb 28 2009 	????????????????????		
Feb 21 2009 	Sans rancune		
Feb 20 2008 	Très bon séjour		
May 21 2007 	besser als erwartet		
