Nov 25 2009 	Bad Service at Reciption	Very Small Reception area whith no enough chairs to rest, the room was not ready when we arrived so we had to go out for a snack,,, when they checked us in, we were suprised that their was someone else stuff in the room, they checked us in an accupied room !!! ...Location is the only advantage, its 2 minutes away from Hyde Park and 8 minutes away Harrods...	
Nov 13 2009 	Excellent location in Knightsbridge	This is a hotel from the 1970's, built in the round. There is an attached small casino as well. We were on an upper floor with a distant view of the Houses of Parliament and the London Eye. Our room was an updated one. The rooms all appear to be of a wedge shape. We traveled with our older teen child, and with the rollaway in our king room, it was quite cramped. We only had the rollaway bed in the room for sleeping and had housekeeping remove it each morning and return it late in the evening. The rollaway was an additional 50 pounds/night. I appreciated having the mini bar for storing small food items. The concierge service was good, although we only used them for restaurant suggestions. The lobby area is attractive, there is an adjacent small lounge and a restaurant too. Lots of interesting small back streets to wander through right out the front door. Out the back door was the tube station.	
Nov 11 2009 	not a luxury hotel	Stayed here several times over the years. location is perfect and views from the higher rooms is fantastic. Rooms are nice , beds are very comfortable and bathrooms great.but that is where the good stuff ends.On my most recent stay was in one of the &quot; Panoramic Rooms &quot; with wooden floors , this could be nice if it was not for the door connecting to the next room. No sound isolation what so ever , was like having someone walk next to your bed in high heals late night or early morning and part taking in a conference call when the guest next door was on the phone. Staff is not up to par for a luxury hotel. Room smelled of some scented air freshener ,terrible.Will relocate to the MO across the street next time.	
Nov 6 2009 	Subpar to a Four Seasons / Mandarin Oriental - Average Hotel	My wife and I stayed here twice in our October 2009 trip to the UK. We wanted a hotel that had good location and we wanted to be around Knightsbridge. This hotel is part of the Luxury Hotel Collection of Starwood/Sheraton, but I found nothing special about this hotel. The website shows pristine rooms, with excellent views but I did not experience this.Hotel Room:Hotel is circular, which means rooms are circular and are not square or rectangle. The size of the room is nothing special and there is no lcd/plasma tv. I stayed in rooms 606 and 806 on my two stays - we spent in total 7 nights on two occassions.The room did not feel new, I was under the impression the hotel had been renovated recently, but you don't get that modern, chic feeling.When I watched tv, I always had to turn my neck as the tv is at an angle - this was a bit annoying.Bathroom:I found this to be the positive about the room - separate shower and bathtub and the tub was a good size - I am not a small person and I fit fine. Lots of UK hotels only have a shower/tub combo, but this was separated here.Location:Good location - next to Harvey Nichols. A few blocks from Knightsbridge tube station and HarrodsValueI prepaid so I got a better rate, my rates were about 200 and 215 pounds per night before tax.I probably would not stay here simply because I thought I was staying at some exclusive, high end hotel that was modern and new with great service - this was not. I paid about US$400 a night and I think for that value there are better options.	
Oct 27 2009 	The good and the bad	Firstly the taxi driver took us to the wrong Sheraton. We caught another taxi and arrived at the Sheraton Park Tower at 5pm and found our room was not ready. We went to reception every 15 mins and at 6pm still not ready so check-in upgraded us to another room which was delightful. Still not a good start. The staff at the restaurant did have a bit of an attitude with the Maitre de asking us were we passing by and when we replied we were staying there he asked us for our room number before taking us to a table. Spoilt our night. The hotel is in a good location and close to Harrods for shopping.	
Oct 23 2009 	GREAT!	I have stayed at the Park Tower many times. It is in the most perfect area and the staff are great. Across the street from Harvey Nichols and 3-4 blocks from Harrods. If you are a walker you can walk to Oxford Street and Buckingham Palace in 15 or so minutes. The staff is what makes The Park Tower great, from the doormen to housekeeping everything is perfect. The thing that most impressed me was I had a kidney stone while staying at the hotel. They called a doctor ( who came to the hotel) they checked on me and made me feel I was not alone. While the Park Tower is pricey, it is all worth it.	
Oct 22 2009 	Absolutely terrible experience all round!	I am still shocked regarding our experience with this hotel. We were originally booked to stay here for 6 nights but we decided to change hotels after the first night. It started off that my partner had unfortunately just lost his wallet and was waiting for his bank to send the replacement credit card. The hotel had taken credit card details at the time of booking but apparently they had not blocked the 'guarantee' amount off and they were therefore unwilling to help at all. We fortunately had enough cash on us to pay for the first night's stay but they immediately cancelled the rest of our booking off the system. The receptionist and manager were entirely unhelpful and did not even take us to one side to discuss what was obviously an embarrassing situation! It got worse from thereon! The furnishings in the room were of low quality (cheap and dated) and the bathroom was a big let down too - v basic and the water literally dribbled out of the shower. The toilettries were cheap. Tea and coffee facilities had to be requested (we had to call twice because it took so long - over half an hour) and when the tray turned up it was something you would expect from a 2/3 star hotel. The service was terrible and entirely foreign but the worst experience with this hotel was the room service - we ordered two lots of muffins for breakfast ie for two people - which at an extortionate price, came served, once again as you would expect from a 2/3 star hotel and just one little muffin each! I know wealthy individuals from the Middle East stay at this hotel and I am ashamed to be British knowing this is what they are experiencing as British hospitality. I really am shocked at how much they are charging to stay at a place like this! All you're paying for is location but there are plenty of other hotels out there. We will certainly NOT be staying here again.	
Oct 9 2009 	Good solid stay  mostly positive and neutral no real negatives	+tive great location, cannot underscore how much it matters that you are a few minutes away from the tube, Harrods, good restaurants, etc (especially when it is pouring in London)+tive smooth check in, good concierge, ample supply of umbrellas+tive adequate gymneutral - Room size for families but most London hotels are the same so not a negative, view was great-tive breakfast was very expensive even on expense travel	
Oct 2 2009 	Couldn't ask for more	We loved our stay at the Sheraton Park Tower. We are big fans of Starwood and once again they did not disappoint us. We had a 2 room suite overlooking Hyde Park . It was plenty of room for 2 people and well kept. By evening we were tired and just wanted something light to eat and the lounge was pleasant. It was within walking distance of everything and close to the tube. We would stay there again.	
Sep 23 2009 	Ah the pleasures of Knightsbridge	We have stayed at this hotel on numerous occasions and have always enjoyed it. One should know we are not really into &quot;vintage&quot; accommodations, so the modern conveniences and decor of this hotel suit us to a &quot;T.&quot; As does the wonderful location, right next door to Harvey Nichols and 2 blocks from Harrods. Although not cheap, the rates seem to us to represent good value for London and a stay here is never a mistake. In fact we forgot to reserve a room here on a recent visit, and were forced to stay elsewhere (at a much more famous hotel), but the accommodations there couldn't hold a candle to the Park Tower.	
Sep 16 2009 	Just okay	I recently stayed at this hotel for 5 nights because I thought that it was a five star hotel. I have to say that I am very disappointed in my choice. I am a frequent traveller, especially with Starwood and usually the luxury collection is very nice. The front desk told me I had been upgraded to an executive suite for my gold status, but I can't believe I was in an upgraded room. The room was overall very outdated and it doesn't appear that it is well taken care of. The sheets on the bed had several large rips in them and the next day the pillowcases also were torn. I can't believe a five star hotel would allow torn sheets to be put on the bed. Although this is minor, I still would have expected more. The cleanliness of the bathroom was not so great, either. The shower had mold in it and the faucets were dirty, too. They painted the door next door to mine and I could smell the paint, which was unpleasant. I checked the bill on the tv before I checked out, and there were charges from the mini bar almost everyday and I didn't use anything from the mini bar except the complimentary water. So I called the front desk to ask them to remove the charges and they sent someone up to check to make sure that everything was still in there, which it was. I thought that it was a bit much that they sent some one to make sure I wasn't being dishonest, when they are the ones that added the about $50 of items that I had didn't use. If you are expecting true luxury as I was, then you will be very disappointed in this hotel, especially for the price.	
Sep 15 2009 	Very pleasing rooms Great location.	The hotel itself is out of context, a round building in the middle of Knightsbridge, london. Once I got over this, I found this place, especially the rooms themselves, to be very pleasant, up to date, and comfortable. Truly, the type of hotel on could happily oversleep in. Loved it!	
Sep 12 2009 	greatbeautifulcomfortable hotel i love it...	im from kuwait i love london soooo much and ive stayed in sheraton like hundred times,couldnt find any hotel better,comfortable beds,nice service,friendly staff,near to every thing like harvey nicols,harrods,hyde park... you can say its in the heart of london .i wouldnt ask for more and i will never change my favourite hotel ever ...love you sheratonnote:to the people who is intrested in finding hose in bathroom there are :)	
Sep 10 2009 	Fantastic location: Exactly what I wanted!	After staying at the Park Tower for one week in August, I would definitely recommend it based on location and overall good experience. It is across from Hyde Park, close to shopping &amp; food, near the Knightsbridge tube station, and within walking distance to Buckingham Palace. The hotel itself was nice and the 4th floor room was the perfect size for 2 people. (I did notice another guest trying to get a free upgrade to an executive room for his family of 4 because he heard the rooms were small. He had no luck and chose not to pay the extra for a larger room, so I expect his room was quite cramped). The staff was professional and took good care of us. We asked the concierge to make reservations one night with short notice and he took care of it very quickly. The only thing I missed was having a coffee pot in the room because I like to have herbal tea before I go to sleep.	
Sep 8 2009 	Maybe a 2.5 to 3 star	Hotel was a big disappointment. I thought with it being a :&quot;Luxury Collection&quot; and &quot;Catagory 6&quot; with Starwood hotels that it would be an above board hotel. I've stayed at Starwood Hotels around the world that are category 2's and 3's that are much better than this hotel. When asking the Concierge about the area and Hotel, It was obvious that a lot of people are shocked by the rating. During or stay it was a little warm and the AC in our room did not really cool the room very well and the bed was a little hard. Overall the room was not bad but it is way over priced for what you get.	
Aug 23 2009 	Probably one of the best hotels I've ever stayed in.	I was a little concerned by some of the reviews on TA of the Sheraton Park Tower as people seemed a bit disappointed by it but I found it to be one of the nicest hotels I've ever stayed in. For a start the location is wonderful, right by Knightsbridge tube, the lobby might be, as other reviews said, a bit boring but personally I don't really tend to spend a lot of time hanging out in the lobby! It's when you take the lift up this 16 story tower to your room, walk in through the door and are greeted by one of the most amazing views across London. Our room was on the 15th floor and the views were stunning. The finish of the rooms are very luxurious, everything is perfect, the furniture is all fitted to fit the round room, the huge bed with 200 thread count sheets was so comfy, the marble bathroom had a huge walk in shower (which was a bit of an odd shape it had to be said, might not be great for the larger traveller!) and a separate bath, Molton Brown products which were replaced twice daily along with fresh towels as part of evening turn-down.I would recommend anyone to stay at this hotel, it's not cheap and we did get an upgraded room thanks to gold SPG but I think whatever room type you have the standard of finish would be the same.	
Aug 20 2009 	Great	This is a wonderful hotel for a major city location. We were here for 3 nights with two young children and were very satisfied. Yes it is a very dreary lobby but the rooms are wonderful- great views from the windows. The staff was also top notch - the staff was awesome and stop on with all their tips/recommendations for restaurants etc.	
Aug 9 2009 	wow	It was my first visit to London and I am so glad that it happened to be a memorable one.	
Jul 24 2009 	Great Location for Hyde Park but order beer in two's!!!	i chose this hotel for its location. I wanted something close to Hyde Park where by i didnt need late night tubes, buses &amp; trains. This hotel was perfect...it's across the road from the Park. it's located in Knightsbridge and has some pretty decent bootiques about and small chic resturants. Staff are the hotel were friendly and helpful. I had arranged some champers to be ready for my arrival, it wasnt but it was speedily remedied. And received complimentary drinks for the inconvienence (sp). I managed to secure an upgrade to an executive bedroom which i am glad i did as that seemed to be quite small. we had a meal in the resturant which was devine. we followed it with drinks in the bar. the staff there are very tentative, however a wee bit slow. i ended up buy two of everything to aviod waitng ages for something else. One of the downsides of the hotel was you had to pay for everything seperately - breakfast wasn't included in the cost of the room rate. Water, no tea or coffee in the rooms. Apart that, no problems.	
Jul 20 2009 	Good but not as good as expected	We were fortunate enough to stay here free on a SPG promotion, so on that basis have no cause for complaint. However, if I'd paid the going rate for this hotel, I would have felt let down. On arrival our room was not ready, but in order to make a room available more quickly, we received an upgrade to an executive level room, and were provided with complimentary drinks at the bar. No compliants about the service at this hotel throughout.I agree that this hotel did have a Middle Eastern feel - it was full of Arabs, presumably there for the shopping. The reception was quite small and there were frequently queues at reception and concierge. Public rest rooms seemed to only be accessable by stairs, which could be difficult for elderly or disabled travellers.The rooms itself was quite nice - a different layout to the standard hotel room, and we had a nice view over Hyde Park. Comfortable bed and nice seating area. bathroom was rather disappointing though, dark and dreary, plus the show was a peculiar shape - kind of triangular and meant that where you need to stand was only about a foot wide.The health club was small - and reasonably equipped, but not great. You would expect more from a 5* hotel. And the only rowing machine was broken.Overall we enjoyed the stay at the hotel, but if we were paying would definitely choose a different hotel - probably the Marriott Grosvenor Square	
Jul 19 2009 	Great location nice service	We stayed for 2 nights. The concierge arranged for pick up at the airport and dinner at a lovely indian restaurant nearby. My only negative would be that even though Starwood lists it in their luxury collection, I think it is not quite there. It is very nice, however.	
Jul 18 2009 	Weird Vibe	Felt like we were visiting a middle eastern country. No place to sit in lobby, public spaces dark and dreary.Comfortable beds and sheets.Small but nice rooms.Great location.NOT a 5 star hotel!NO charm!	
Jul 9 2009 	Fine but I wouldn't want to pay the rack rate	I shouldn't complain too much: I had a free room thanks to an SPG promotion. It was a standard room, and it was relatively large for London, and had a nice seating area along the windows, a functional desk, and a very comfortable queen-size bed. The bathroom had a large shower and a separate tub, all in marble. My standard room had fairly boring bath products (branded with the Luxury Collection, but not memorable in either quality or scent), not the nice Molton Brown products in the upper category rooms or even the Shine by Bliss products at other Sheratons.	
Jun 1 2009	Great Knightsbridge Location	I chose to stay in this hotel primarily due to its great Knightsbridge location, with easy access to great shopping and key London attractions. Due to the mixed reviews on Trip Advisor, I had low expectations, but I got such a great rate on Expedia that staying here was actually cheaper than staying in a highly rated hotel in Earl’s Court where I originally planned to stay.I agree with previous posters that the hotel does not deserve it “5 star status”. At best it is a four star hotel and probably doesn’t deserve to be classified in Starwood’s Luxury Collection. Regardless, though, I was was pleased with my stay here.The location just can’t be beat-near great shops, restaurants, Hyde Park, and a tube stop two minutes away. I am a walker and only had to take the tube a few times; most of the times I just walked to where I needed to go. This was a big plus for me.While some of the public areas are a bit dated, the rooms are really nice. The all marble bathroom with a walk-in shower was quite nice as well. Other things that I liked about the hotel was the availability of a US electrical outlet in the room and a really good gym, in terms of cardio equipment. Unlike many other hotel gyms that I have used, this one was not crowded during the prime morning hours.Note that many services in the hotel are very expensive. Even though I was on an expensive account for a good part of my trip, I refused to eat at the hotel due to their high prices. There are many restaurants nearby and a café across the street for breakfast. Internet access is expensive, but since I was there for over a week, I bought a seven-day pass for 38 GBP which I felt was worth it. Daily and hourly usage fees are quite high. Of course laundry charges were also high, and I ended up dragging my laundry to a place on Cromwell Rd in Kensington.The only other thing that bothered me about the Sheraton Park Tower is their clunky menus for the TV. It takes a while to find a station you want, but that is a minor issue.While there are probably more charming hotels in this part of London, for the price I paid ($178 US), the hotel was well worth it, and there is a good chance I would stay here again at the right price.	
Jun 1 2009 	Great hotel but terrible service. Intentionally over-billing SPG members?	I travel to the UK for work-related reasons 5 to 10 times a year and am a SPG Gold member (working hard to get my Plat status)On most occasions, I stay at the Sheraton Park Lane. I decided to stay at the Sheraton Park Tower location this time and was some disappointed. Especially when I paid for an extra night because I flew in early wanted to check in at 10am (instead of 12noon?)GOOD.- Hotel room was lovely - Location was great. Not better than Sheraton Park Lane, but nice in a different mannerSO-SO- Lobby area is so-so. BAD- I Was RUDELY told that I could not check out late even though SPG membership is supposed to allow late check-outs when available- The staff tried to charge me for 2 bottles of water. Drank only 1 bottle and am supposed to have 2 complimentary bottles over 2 days. Based on the comments below, it looks like this is a recurring issue. PS: No need for hotel staff to apologize to me when reading this review. Just stop this deceitful practice. After all, wouldn't you want to treat your regular guests better instead of trying to rip them off?	
May 14 2009 	Great hotel in the heart of Knightsbridge	Great location. The hotel is sytuated in heart of Knightsbridge close to famous Harrods, Harvey Nichols and Hyde Park. The other tourist atractions are as well not fare away: British Museum, Kensington Palace, Backingham Palace, Piccadilly Circus. Tube station 5 min walk from the hotel. You could not possible ask for better location.Our check in was really fast and staff at front desk was really helpfull.The room was specious and very clean.We eat at the famous hotel fish restaurant. Food was great but I think bit expensive.We use fitness center facilitise. Really cosy gym.We have had a relaxing evening at the Piano Bar. The piano music as well as staff was great. We have a nice dinner and great cocktails. You have to try Lychee Ania! Staff in all departments was really great but especially girls from the bar give us some usefull tips about sighteening and night life in London. We really enjoyed our stay. Money well spend, great holiday.	
Mar 31 2009 	Luxury in London	The Sheraton Park Tower's location in Knightsbridge just can't be beat. I have stayed there 7 times over the last four years and the service and quality of accommodation have been consistently very very good. All rooms have a view and obviously the higher-up the room, the better the view is. Be advised that all rooms, whether they be classic, executive, or Butler are all the same size. The Butler rooms have wonderful Molton Brown accessories and include breakfast in One-0-One restaurant. Not a necessity, but certainly a great treat! Bathrooms are marble and are very well-appointed. Staff are attentive. There is internet access either in the room or in the upstairs business office, and a variety of cardio equipment in the downstairs fitness center. The Knightsbridge tube station is just a few steps away, as well as excellent shopping. It is very safe to be out walking in the general vicinity of the hotel in the evening---again, excellent location. I recommend The Spaghetti House restaurant for an evening meal---a few steps away from the hotel. I am an SPG Gold member and have always been treated very well by the staff of the Sheraton Park Tower and would highly recommend staying here. Everything about this hotel is quite luxurious and will leave you feeling refreshed and on top of the world!!	
Mar 29 2009 	Convenient	Great location next to Harvey Nichols and near Harrods. Convenient with direct tube line from Heathrow airport to Knightsbridge and a very short walk from the tube station to Sheraton Park Tower.I got an upgrade to an executive room. My room was nice. Room cleanliness could have been better. Friendly staff.	
Mar 25 2009 	Excellent!	located in the centre, opposite the best restaurants, shops in the UK. Vey neat hotel, excellent service, brilliant food! no need of renovation whatsoever!no other comments.	
Mar 2 2009 	In desperate need of renovation!!	Pros: location is second to none, hyde park is just across the street, harrods and other shopping are extremely close, restaurants, tube are all walking distance.Cons: extremely tired rooms, dirty curtains, smell smoke even in non-smoking rooms, walls are thin you can easily hear the TV from the other rooms, wireless internet for a charge 5 pounds for 15mins! small TV 25&quot; tube!! don't expect a welcome at the entrance or any from other staff, can't believe this is a 5 star luxury hotel!	
Feb 26 2009 	Excellent location	Perfect location - 1 block from Harrods, tube, 3 minute walk to Hyde Park. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Rooms were not large but had circular windows with lovely view. Disappointed that all the rooms with butlers were smoking. I hope the hotel introduces at least 1 non-smoking butlered room.	
Feb 1 2009 	Nice hotel So-So service offering	I decided on the Sheraton Park Tower almost entirely because I am an SPG Gold Preferred Guest and it was the best Starwood hotel in central London with respect to user reviews / price. The staff were fairly friendly and did not give me any problems when I arrived early in the morning and left my luggage with the concierge without checking in. The hotel has a nice, well-kept interior and everything seemed to be in good-working order. That said, there were a number of disappointments I experienced throughout my stay, mostly related to benefits I traditionally receive as a result of my status with SPG. I was not personally greeted upon arrival. I was not offered a complementary upgrade despite being offered a paid upgrade earlier that morning. I was not given a newspaper. I was not provided with bottles of water. I was not offered the original 2x double bed room I had booked but rather a king bed that was later split into two twin beds. Lastly, my room was not on the preferred guest floor and the door did not function properly. That said, I realize some of my complaining might sound petty, but there is a reason I choose to stay at only Starwood hotels even though they are more expensive than alternative options. And these are all benefits I have experienced throughout Europe / MENA during my travels. In the end, the hotel was nice, but not nice enough to warrant staying there out of loyalty to Starwood.	
Jan 16 2009	Great value for location and excellent staff	My husband and I stayed at the hotel for 5 days. Overall I would say it is a great value in London. The location is superb - right next to Harvey Nic's, about 2 blocks from Harrods and very close to the tube. The staff were incredible, especially the concierge! The restaurant for breakfast was excellent - great choice and very clean and modern. The lobby, the bar and the cafe area were fine - nothing special but clean and well maintaned. The room we had was fine - nothing special. The hallways look quite tired and dated. It might need a refurbishment soon but that's probably why it's good value now. I would highly recommend it for its value for money!	
Dec 17 2008 	Convenient comfortable location	Sheraton Park Tower, London is an upscale, clean, and convenient hotel. Located in Knightsbridge, it was right beside Harrods and Harvey Nichols, and very convenient for any enthusiastic shopper. The lavatory in our room was very modern and tidy, with a separate walk-in shower. The staff (cleaning, front desk, and porters) were very courteous and polite at all times.The only downside was that the hotel does not provide free Internet access, something which would have increased my approval level even more.On the whole, this visit was very enjoyable. I would stay here again in future visits.	
Dec 6 2008 	Not again	The room I was given did not meet the reservation's description. As SPG Gold no upgrade was offered (but a paid upgrade was offered two days before, so the claim of no availability is weak).Bathroom was outdated, no newspaper delivered and complaints about these were handled poorly.Not living up to the 'luxury collection'.	
Nov 20 2008 	Great hotel in London American style	We just stayed here long term and have also stayed in the past. We highly recommend it as it is absolutely fantastic especially if you are looking for an American-style hotel in London. *My only warning is that the hotel puts exorbident pre-authorisation holds on your credit card. At one point they had $14,000 CAD on hold on our card! It was a disaster to try to get the holds released. Please watch your credit card balance if you are staying there, because if your available credit is dropping drastically then you should ask at the reception to have the holds cleared.*The room is spacious (even has a couch) and is beautifully decorated. The location is fabulous!I must say that our room was a tad bit worn but we could easily look past it due to the high quality of the entire building.Make sure to eat at the Knightsbridge Cafe right across the street - it is great!	
Nov 18 2008 	Good property - by London standards	The Sheraton Park Tower is a good property to stay in because it is well-maintained, has a quality feel and provides very good service. As an older property, it does lack the amenities of the most recent hotels (e.g. LCD TVs, power rain shower, etc.).Rooms: Room itself is very good. Average in size for London (not large) but well designed with custom woodwork, nice window seats, a good desk, and power sockets for domestic and international plugs. The bed is superb - having stayed here for several years, I think they update the mattresses reasonably frequently and they are among the best you will find in London. Most of the rooms are identical so staying at the Sheraton Park Tower you don't need to worry about what you will get as with many London hotels.Bathroom: Bathroom is good. Of a reasonable size, with separate shower and bath. The only weakness of the bathroom is that in some rooms the shower pressure seems to be standard as opposed to power shower pressure which I would expect in a luxury hotel. The pressure is not weak though.Dining: Both the in-room dining and restaurant are quite good for hotel dining.Staff: Staff are very good. They lack the personal touch of a hotel like Brown's or the Haymarket, but they are professional, dedicated and responsive to everything I asked for.Overall impression: A very solid hotel. Not one that will make a top 10 list, but one you can count on to deliver without any hassle.	
Nov 17 2008 	Sheraton Park Tower impressed	Just back from a weekend in the Sheraton Park , have to say i dont understand some of the negative reviews found on TA.We found that value for money it is hard to beat the quality of the hotel and the excellent location. Staff were courteous , room was very satisfactory and the rate was good. Only small down point was concierge sent us via taxi to the wrong restaurant on Saturday night. We asked for Richard Corrigans Lindsay House and he sent us to Bentleys , which meant a second taxi journey and a delay [heavy traffic ] of almost 45 minutes . However restaurant were very understanding , [well worth a visit by the way]All in all , would i return to Sheraton Park , yes!	
Oct 1 2008 	Great Location	We stayed at the Sheraton Park Tower on a business cum leisure trip for 3 nights. It's in a great location (next to Harvey Nichols, 5 min walk to Knightsbridge tube, near lots of great cafes and restaurants and Hyde Park). The service was as expected for a business hotel but rather cool. Things work but with not much character. The room size is reasonable for London I guess but internet is expensive. We got our newspaper 2 out of 3 days.	
Jun 27 2008	Musty old hotel	We stayed here for 2 nights and the location is very nice and our room actually had a nice view although the windows were so old you could barely see out of them. The bar is charming but the rest of the hotel is just plain old and musty and smelly. Our room was cramped without enough charm to make up for it. The concierge had remarkably little to say and got out a guide book to recommend a place - thanks, we can do that on our own. Do NOT order room service - we did because we had to get up to catch an early morning flight and it was expensive and absolutely inedible: eggs and bacon, not sure how that happens. Just gross. I would definitely not stay here again. We stayed at the other westin in knightsbridge also and really liked it.	
Jun 17 2008 	Almost 5 not quite	This hotel is great. The location is wonderful, the staff is attentive, the rooms are nice...and yet, I can't give it five. I suppose the main reason is the whole price/expectaion equation. I realize that everything in London is expensive, but stil, when you spend 50 GBP for two breakfasts, the eggs benedict shouldn't be as hard as golf balls (ok, maybe a slight exaggeration, but they were hard). The workout room was tiny with a ceiling so low that I was bumping my head when I ran on the treadmill. Having said that, there were many positives, like the One-O-One restaurant, just fantastic.	
Jun 8 2008 	Great Hotel Great Location	I've stayed at many of hotels in London and by far, the Sheraton Park Tower is one of the very best! Recently stayed here from 5/31-6/2 with a great hotel experience. As a SPG member was able to use points&amp;cash to book for an incredible price of only $150USD! Unheard of for a hotel of this quality and calibre in London. On top of that, was upgraded to an executive suite upon my arrival. The butler service is truly incredible and all around friendly and helpful staff. Fantastic location, opposite Harvey Nichols, close to Harrods, Knightsbridge tube station and Hyde Park. Close to everything u may want, parks, museums, shopping and restaurants. Architecture of the hotel is distinctive and very modernist. Rooms are huge, great bathrooms, and signature starwoods signature BED, which is just heavenly! Definitely has become my hotel of choice when traveling to London. Highly Recommend!	
Mar 26 2008 	Great hotel	This review is a little old at this point, but I thought this hotel was fantastic and would gladly recommend it - located right in Knightsbridge, immediately at the Tube/Harvey Nick's - location is fantastic, and very convenient. The rooms were lovely, and view is amazing - most hotel rooms in London will not give you the vast view that you'll find at the Sheraton Park Tower (as it's a tower...) - you can see all the way to the BT Tower (way up in North London). The staff were very accomodating - my friend and I were given free cappuccino and newspaper upon arrival because we had to wait about 30 minutes for our room (fairly common when arriving early in the morning from the eastern U.S.). Our room had 2 twin beds, with tons of pillows, comforters - very luxurious. Room service was also very tasty! Overall a very nice stay.	
Mar 16 2008 	Excellent Hotel	We stayed at the Sheraton Park Tower from March 9 thru the 15, 2008. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a great London location.Our room was on the 11th floor with a view of Hyde Park. We could also see the London Eye and Big Ben. We had an executive suite which was perfect for us, 3 females. It gave us 2 full bathrooms, living room and bedroom with a very comfy king size bed.The hotel is close to two tube stations, Knightsbridge (closest) and Hyde Park Corner. We had to use Hyde Park Corner because Knightsbridge was closed until 3 PM during our stay. It is also close to some nice restaurants. Two that we enjoyed were Pizza on the Park and Spaghetti House. Wagamamas was close by also. Harrods and Harvey Nichols were a short walk away as were other nice shops.The staff at the Park Tower were always friendly and helpful and we were always greeted warmly, with a smile.We booked this hotel with starwood points. I would absolutely stay in this hotel again. I can't wait to go back.	
Mar 4 2008 	Good if you get a good rate	We booked this hotel through Expedia and got a great rate which included breakfast. Breakfast was cooked to order, or hot buffet and very nice. The room is showing its age. We had stayed in this hotel before and I think the problem is that they have replaced the beds and now they don't fit where they were designed to fit (as this is a circular hotel the rooms are slightly wedge shaped.) That means that there isn't much space in the room, although the bed is great but the quilt doesn't quite fit (too small) The shower is OK but is in the bath and would be greatly improved by a rigid screen. I hate showering in a narrow bath with a wet curtain. The toiletries were OK and the bathroom was clean. The air conditiioning wasn't working well. We did not report it- just opened the windows so can't really complain. Situation of hotel in Knightsbridge overlooking Hyde Park is excellent. Would stay again but only if we got a good rate. This hotel no longer has a luxury feel- but still luxury room service prices -£18.50 for a burger	
Mar 2 2008 	Loved the Sheraton Park Tower	I'm a Londoner and only needed to stay for one night but I felt I must comment on what a super hotel this is.Fantastic location, opposite Harvey Nichols, close to Harrods, Knightsbridge tube station and Hyde Park. Architecture of the hotel is very modernist but very distinctive and belies a beautifully opulent classic interior. Public spaces are welcoming and cosy while extremely upscale. A harpist in one section entertaining guests having afternoon tea was a lovely touch.We booked a standard room which was lovely. Fantastic bed, couch and dark wood furnishings. All the creature comforts in the marble bathroom. High quality throughout.All in all a top notch hotel experience in the heart of London.	
Feb 14 2008 	Great Location Great Hotel	Stayed here on business in May of 2007. What a great location....right in the district of Knightsbridge so you're near Harrod's and some great restaurants. Also Hyde Park is a block away which is a great place to go for a run. If you are into walking - Picadilly circus is about a 15-20 min walk and a pleasant one. The staff at this hotel were fantastic and I never ran into any issues. Asked for a bottle of wine to be sent to my room when my wife arrived half way through my trip and they delivered...can't wait to stay here again.	
Jan 14 2008 	The staff and the rooms!	Arrived late on Friday night and my friend had already checked in, luggage was quickly taken to the room whilst I joined in the bar. Brillant pianist playing contemporary all timers, very nice. Room was perfectly set and well appointed layout, the sofa by the window and the view of the entire Chelsea and Westminster. We asked for twin room and despite a miss by the front office staff the excellent housekeeper was quickly at service at 1 AM in the morning to separate beds etc, no fuss just spot on. Beautiful bathrooms and enough towels for a whole family. Second night turn down was missed and again the room was quickly re-arranged in the middle of the night, nothing was a problem. The staff is brilliant but a bit forgetting...	
Jan 13 2008 	fabulous location panoramic views and breakfast	I wouldn't normally have chosen this hotel as I usually stay at another hotel in London, but we were out with friends who have a London residence on William Street, just across the road from the hotel, so it made sense to stay here. I have to say I was very pleasantly suprised. I called their reservations department to make the booking and they were helpful. I booked an executive room with a panoramic view and was not disappointed. We were upgraded to the butler floor but didn't take advantage of the service. The room and the hotel is a in bit of a 70's timewarp as far as the decor goes but it is in very good condition and looks new. The circular room had a wooden floor, large and comfortable bed with lovely crisp linen (you can choose from several types of pillows and three different types of linen) There was ample wardrobe space with lots of hangers and plenty of storage space in the room. The marble bathroom is small but has a walk in separate shower, and oddly a hand shower for the loo, instead of a bidet no doubt. Usual and ample Moulton Brown toiletries. The view from the room was spectacular, I could see Wembly Stadium, Hyde Park, The Post Office Tower, The Girkin, London Eye, Houses of Parliament and Big Ben. You don't get that in many london hotels. We had bar snacks in the bar and an excellent bottle of red wine, the service was good as was the selection of food.Our friends have had dinner in the restaurant and they said it was very good. We all had breakfast with champagne in the 101 restaurant which was a very large hot and cold buffet with a la carte choices too. This really was excellent, one of the best breakfasts I have had in London but it is £25 per person but being a buffet you could fill up for the whole day and not bother with lunch.The location, if you are in Knightsbridge or visiting the museums is fantastic. The hotel is a stones throw from Harvey Nicols and Slone Street and also close to Knightsbridge Station.Our friend forgot his bow tie and the concierge brought one up to us in minutes which was impressive. I would recommend this hotel, it's style may not suit everyone, I suggest you look at the photos on the website, but if you are looking for a good quality comfortable hotel in this location and want to wake up to spectacular views then you will like the Sheraton Park Towers.	
Dec 8 2007 	Very good location in London	The Sheraton Park Tower has a very good location. It's a short walk to Hyde Park and Harrod's. But it is just off of a busy street, so you can occasionally hear some traffic noise.I was upgraded to a room on what the hotel calls the butler floor. The area where the bed is located was as big as a standard room but the bathroom was huge with a large tub, walk-in shower, separate room for the toilet, and an area with a stationary bicycle. I've also stayed in standard rooms at this hotel before, and even though they're not that large, they're comfortable and adequate in size. The only problem I noticed with the room itself is that you can hear noise in the hallways since there's a large gap between the floor and the door.The front desk staff is polite and helpful, but check-in and check-out did take longer than normal due to the lines.	
Dec 4 2007 	Great location and pleasant staff	This hotel was certainly a pleasant oasis in the bustling city of London. It's just down the block from the shopping haven of Harrods, close to the tube station, and within walking distance of the popular sights. The staff were polite and accommodating in getting me checked in early (around noon). The room was exactly as pictured on the website and an interesting configuration compared to most hotel rooms. The bed was heavenly, especially after wandering around London's streets all day. The hotel is also just a block or so away from one of Gordon Ramsey's restaurants, The Boxwood Cafe, which was a real treat! Although the hotel was not a bargain, I did find a pretty good rate on the hotel's site about 3 weeks before arriving so it was only GBP 159 per night (a relative steal compared to regular rates). I highly recommend this hotel if you're looking to treat yourself.	
Nov 28 2007	average	strengthsbathrooms were modern and adequateweaknesseson the lower floors views are poorvery expensive for the qualitybed linens were not high qualityhotel is adequate but should not be part of the starwood luxury collection	
Nov 15 2007	Location Service + Comfort	The perfect London experience. A comfortable room of adequate size with a modern bathroom. Wake up by walking across the street and taking a wonderful early morning stroll in Hyde Park. I think you will be impressed with the level of service from all departments.....Concierge Desk is very helpful, maid service prompt and good, front desk very accommodating.The room is not overly large, but it has a nice couch, hardwood floors, adequate lighting and, if you are lucky, a nice view of Hyde Park and the City. I didn't see any deferred maintenace in our accommodation. The bathroom has a separate stall shower and tub with a hand wand as an added convenience. There is a magnifying mirror, a pullman of about 4 feet plus and the bathroom is all marble.....very comfortable plus nice amenities. London is expensive, but join Starwood and rack up some points so you can lessen the financial jolt.	
Nov 5 2007	Excellent Luxury Hotel	Came with my girlfriend to London, one of our favorite citys, for a short getaway. Sheraton Park Tower is actually not a Sheraton, but part of Starwood's Luxury Collection, a sister brand with higher-class more luxurious hotels. We enjoyed this hotel.Hotel is superbly located directly on Knightsbridge, with good view of the park and the surround neighborhoods. Lobby is small but upscale enough and includes the Piano Bar and a restaurant One-O-One. Didn't eat at the restaurant but had drinks in the bar one night and had tea in the hotel lounge one rainy afternoon. Drinks in the bar insanely expensive. We enjoyed the staff very much, met some very friendly employees. The rooms are beautifully decorated in a very residential feel with round bay windows, beautiful bed with the hotels gold logo adorned on the sheets and bedspreads, soft textured walls, and upscale furniture. TV was nice, but not a flatscreen. The bathrooms were large and adorned in all-marble with a separate walk-in shower and tub. We didn't use the hotel gym, but noticed it was small and located in the basement. Could be improved. All in all, a great low-key but luxurious hotel, with none of the attitude of the Ritz or the Lanesborough (major plus). We would love to return.	
Oct 10 2007	love this hotel..comfy in many ways	love them...very reliable for last min check in...exellent staff and helpful...and next door is harvey nick shopping heaven..excellent location.	
Oct 2 2007 	Great Location A Little Tired	The Sheraton Towers is in a fantastic location, easy walking to Harrods, Buckingham Palace &amp; most of the big attractions. Service is o.k., but rooms are a little tired. No view to speak of from our room but not sure whether this applied to all rooms. Beds were a little harder than I'm used to sleeping in at Sheraton hotels too.	
Sep 26 2007 	Should've stayed at the Four Seasons instead	Sheraton Park Tower is extremely overrated. Frankly I find it quite ridiculous that it's part of the Starwood Luxury Collection. I've spent 2 weeks at this hotel and there was absolutely no luxury in accomodation nor service what so ever. For the rate of ?400/ night and for 2 weeks I expect superior service and accomodation. Anyone willing to pay this rate should seriously consider staying at the Four Seasons or The Dorchester. Having said that, the rooms were decent and well furnished. The beds were comfortable, and the windows were large letting in plenty of light in additition to a partial view of the Hyde Park . The bathrooms were dated and in need of new fittings, the sink drain and shower heads need to be replaced. The room service was mediocre at best and the food at the restaurants was disappointing. The staff were unattentive and frustrating, and there was practically no lobby, so to speak. I can understand this kind of service and overall experience from a lower class hotel but definitely not a Luxury Collection hotel. The best thing going for the Sheraton Park Tower is its location, and it proximity to Harrods and the Hyde Park.	
Sep 17 2007 	A reliable favourite	I'm from London but i always put my family up here when they're in town as its less hassle for me and seems to be a good all-round choice that they all like staying and compared to other places they've stayed (incl: InterConti, Carlton Tower, Dorchester, Ritz, London Hilton), 4 and 5 star Hotels - which have all been pretty good, but they just like it here the most. I've stayed here a few times with them and can't fault the Hotel. Sure the building isn't pretty, its actually quite an eyesore especially for a beautiful area like Knightsbridge, but they make up for it in many ways, mainly though the loyalty of the staff - i always see the same people working here and have done for years - the way i figure it is if the staff are happy (and London has famously high turnover) something must be good. 101 Restaurant is good, but unless you're into Fish and Seafood big time it might not be up everyone's street. The Room Service here is just about the best i've had anywhere! I always take breakfast.The Concierge are gentlemen personnified!I'm a Londoner so i guess i have a right to comment on a few other points people have made here, some very valid, but these are downright silly - excuse myself indulgence...- I'm not sure what 'slums' someone was referring to the Hotel looking out on! - not in Knightsbridge anyway. Doesn't buidling occur everywhere...- As for Paris is prettier - sure it is, central Paris anyway - but so what? Its Paris!!! Next time you're in Paris head for the vast housing estates in the suburbs (yes, where all the riots were) and see how you like it there and compare the whole city to London ;)- As for noise - its central London (i.e. a very, very big city!). If you don't like noise, don't come!!! You're right, its busy enough already, so you won't be missed :)-Not fitting in if you're not wearing a Burka - Newsflash!! Arabs are allowed to travel too!!! and if you don't like foreigners, stay at home!-The Ritz is as dull as dishwater, and living on its name. Its certainly not in the same category at The Dorchester, Savoy or Lanesborough.My views :)	
Sep 7 2007 	Nice Hotel	Overall, the Sheraton Park Tower is a good hotel. The service staff is friendly, the rooms are modern. If you are staying here and need an internet connection for more than 3 days, go to the receptionist to get a 7-day wireless access card. The 7-day pass is 38 pounds whereas a single day pass is 18 pounds. Note that you can only get the 7-day pass for the wireless access.The fitness center is well equipped with several cardio machines (treadmills, ellipical machines, rowing machines, and bicycle machines). They have the basic weight machines and a small assortment of free weights. They provide towels and complimentary bottled water. There are three separate bathrooms, each equipped with a shower.Across the street, you will find a few cafes. There is a small market attached to one of the cafes where you can stock up on the basics (water, snacks, etc.). Harrods is about a 5 minute walk and several good restaurants are nearby (our favorite is Spaghetti House). The Underground stop is around the corner and you can walk to quite a few of the tourist attractions.Only downsides are: (1) the bathrooms do not have a plug for the hair dryer; and (2) the room does not have an alarm clock.	
Aug 30 2007 	Old Dumpy Small and Totally Misleading STAY AWAY AT ALL COSTS	We selected this hotel based upon reviews on this website and the fact that it was part of Starwood's Luxury Collection. Well, after staying here, we are completely perplexed, both with the previous reviews as well as what Starwood's definition of Luxury is. This hotel is very ordinary, not at all luxurious. The hotel's common area is very average, small and not pretty. The rooms are small and need updating. In the early mornings the maid staff are extemely noisy and disturbing in the hallways. The structure itself is really showing its age and poor quality. There is one restaurant located on the outside on a very busy street, not pretty or welcoming at all. The lounge is very business like. Also, the clientele that dominated the entire hotel lobby makes lounging in the 2 lounge areas very uncomfortable. You simply would not fit in if you did not originate from the Middle East.As for the neighborhood, it is very very crowded and noisy. In General, we found this hotel to be like the rest of London, crowded, confusing, overrated, not pretty, shabby, rundown, noisy, overpriced. You are better off going to Paris, where it is very pretty and civilized. If you must be in London, try the Ritz, where we stayed after leaving this hotel after one night. The Ritz 's exclusivity, and dress code kept out the riffraffs, and service are unbeatable.	
Aug 24 2007	Perfect Location in London	For a trip to London, Sheraton Park Tower does not disappoint. Location, service, comfort, decor and cleanliness were top notch. We had just come from the Georges V in Paris and we were expecting to be let-down with our accomodations in London. This was not to be. We were delighted to discover that we enjoyed this hotel as much as our elegant, pampered stay in Paris. Would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Aug 20 2007 	Dust off your Birka	What a Dump!! Luxury collection my Butt. We just got back from a 2 week Euro trip, and booked all Starwood hotels. This was by far the most disappointing of them all. The hotel is small and has no real facilities. We were allegedly upgraded to a high floor, which afforded us a tiny room with a great view of the slums and construction in London. The lobby was in the late afternoon and evenings is like a hooka or gypsy den. You will feel very out of place if you are not wearing a Birka. We checked out after one day a moved to the Ritz. Thank goodness for the Ritz. It saved the last 3 days of our very nice vacation.The manager tried to stick us with a second day room charge when we informed them of our early departure and refused to do anything until I showed him Starwood's policy for cancellation on our confirmation which is completely silent on charges for early depature. Overall, a ridiculous hotel that has not luxuries to speak of. The location was very busy, crowded and noisy. Not a good location.	
Aug 1 2007 	Great Location!	My boyfriend and I spent here the weekend on 1 December 2006.We liked the wedge-shaped room with the integrated divans which unfortunately overlooked Lowndes Square (which is nice but it's not exactly Hyde Park).Wonderfully located very close to Knightsbridge metro station, Harvey Nicols, 5 minute walk from Harrods, within walking distance of Buckingham Palace and St James Park.The staff was very helpful in providing information and assistance. I found that the breakfast was quite expensive compared to what you get.. but that's London!We didn't try the fish restaurant (101) recommended by the hotel but we really liked an Italian restaurant nearby &quot;Spaghetti House&quot;(good food and caring staff).	
Jul 23 2007 	Excellent!!!	Nothing to complain about. Rooms are excellent, staff is superb. Check in was a breeze, check out was great. The only thing I can complain about was the noise from the street, but what do you expect? I know this is small but they do provide a complimentary bottle of water everyday, not just the one when you first arrive. It seems small, but makes a difference. Very close to Harrod's and convenient location. I especially liked their couch which I fell asleep on and had a great night sleep. Family was nice enough to give me a blanket, and slept through the night on it.	
Jul 4 2007 	This Is Luxury?	I'm not a very high maintenance traveler, but keep in mind, this hotel is part of Sheraton's &quot;Luxury Collection&quot;.To begin, there was no greeter when I arrived at the hotel, therefore, there was no help with luggage. Being my first time in London, I requested with the desk attendant a higher floor or at least a view. Naturally, she gave me a room on the 2nd floor facing the busy street traffic. Perhaps she thought I would find the sound of London traffic alluring or new. In addition, being a single person I naturally was given a room with two single beds. Staff were rather inattentive. At one point I went to the desk to inquire about tickets for a tour that the hotels sell. The attendant said she could not help me and to wait for the concierge. Of course, she did not go and get him, so I waited. I say the staff as inattentive, because the desk was left unattended, not unstaffed (I could hear the persons in the back room talking, and these were the same persons who eventually came out to help me). As for the rooms itself, I found it rather unimpressive. It was clean and the bathroom was nice, however, it was very very small for what you would expect from a 'luxury' hotel. Nothing was very notable about the rooms at all. Also, basic items were not present, such as an iron or hairdryer. Overall, extremely unimpressive, and the staff didn't make a difference either.	
May 18 2007	Would not go again.	The rug that was in our room had 2 large stains on them. The bathroom did not have any plugs for a blow dryer. We booked this hotel approximately two months in advance... and we requested a view of Big Ben...we got a partial view of Hyde Park which was nice but Big Ben would have been nicer. This is considered a Luxury Collection hotel and my first stay in the type of hotel. For the price, I believe we could have done better at another hotel. There is no pool at this hotel. A queen size bed was two full size beds pushed together and you can feel where the two beds meet together.. The gym was nice but small. If three people were working out it was a inconvenient. It was close to the subway system...for the shoppers out there it had a great proximity to many stores and about a block from Harrods.	
Apr 4 2007 	Excellent service nice hotel good location but over priced	This is a beautiful hotel in the heart of Belgravia, one of the most expensive areas of London. The Park Tower is within walking distance of Buckingham Palace (the Queens week day working palace in London), Harrods, Harvey Nichols, Hyde park Corner, St James Park and great shopping for women on nearby Oxford Street. Nearby are the Lanesbourough Hotel (a favorite of celebrities), the London Hilton and many embassies. The rooms are beautiful with nicely polished wooden floors, marble bathrooms, a flat screen TV and a minibar and all around quite a nice view. As a Starwood gold member, they upgraded me to the 14th floor and I had very nice view of Westminster Abbey, Big Ben, Parliament and the London eye. The hotel is a bit boring, however. There is no entertainment that I was aware of and the meals are far too expensive to consider eating there.The park tower hotel is part of the Starwood luxury collection and while I enjoyed my stay, but I don’t feel it lives up to a ‘‘Luxury collection’’ standard. The rug was old and dirty, there was an old 1 shot whisky bottle from the previous guest that was left visibly on the floor for two days before it was picked up. The space is not used efficiently and the room furniture arrangement and accessories rather thoughtlessly put together. My wife commented that ‘‘this room was designed by a man!” She said there was not enough light in the bathroom to put on makeup, the mirror was not movable and she had to dry her hair awkwardly sitting at the desk. In order to open the safe, you need to move the desk chair out of the way.The hotel services are very expensive by US standards: $36.00 for 24 hour internet access, $12.00 for 1 hour of internet access, $50.00 for breakfast, $140.00 for a bottle of wine, $24.00 to watch a pay per view movie, over $100 for a dinner two at their fish restaurant. I would recommend instead Wagamama, to the right of the hotel lobby near Harvey Nichols, which is a casual Japanese restaurant (about $18.00 per person), or the spaghetti house which serves a very delicious red sauce with their Pasta (about $23-24 per person) and any of the many pubs where you can find a good and filling meal for about $16.00 per person. There is also a Lebanese restaurant, called Noura, directly to to the left of the hotel as you walk out of the lobby; for $24.00 you can obtain a good Lebanese meal that will feed two people. They also serve an English breakfast (about $9.00) which fills me for most of the day, coffee and delicious freshly squeezed orange juice. The service is good at Noura.The London Underground is very good and for a bit over $10.00 US you can get an all day pass for London Zones 1 and 2 which includes a significant percentage of the tourist attractions you would like to see: Buckingham Palace, changing of the Guard, The Imperial War Museum (free), the British Museum (free), Oxford Street, Harrods (over priced tourist trap), Piccadilly circus, the theatre district, the tower of London, the London Eye and many other attractions. From Heathrow you take the Piccadilly line for $8.00 US, but be careful: many of the underground stations do not have elevators (lifts) and if you have lots of luggage you may get quite tired carrying it up the stairs. Note that the changing of the guard starts at St James Palace, every odd day in the winter and every day in summer at 11:00. The Knightsbridge station on the Piccadilly line is the closet Underground station to this hotel.There is a “hop-on/Hop-off” tour bus that stops in a number of places, including Hyde Park Corner which is near the park Tower hotel and across from the London Hilton. For about $40 US you will see many of the key attractions in the city. There are a number of excellent walking tours that are included in the $40.00 price: We went on the Beatles walking tour and the Buckingham Palace and changing of the guard tour. There are several others as well, which we did not take. It is well worth the money AND, for the day you take this bus, you save $10.20 since you will not need an Underground ticket that day. This is a nice hotel with a very efficient and professional staff all around, but for the price I believe you can do much better in London. The nearby highly rated Dorchester was selling rooms for as low as $400.00 and the Crown Plaza St James (a five minute walk from Buckingham Palace) for about $220.00 per night. The Underground is so easy to use, next time I would choose a less expensive location and just take the underground to see the attractions I am interested in.	
Mar 28 2007 	Lovely hotel great location!	Although we arrived early for check in, the staff was extremely accomodating and friendly. Since it was our first time in London, we asked for a higher floor if possible and were pleased when we were given a room on the fourteenth floor. The view was incredible! We could see both the London Eye and Big Ben! We found the hotel staff to be very friendly and eager to please. Rooms were cleaned timely and well. The concierge desk was always willing to assist with any needs/directions/reservations and always did so with a smile. Hotel prices for food and drink are a bit on the high side, so we found ourselves taking the advice of other reviewers and having breakfast at the small deli and restaurant across the street. The location of the hotel is spectacular and using the tube makes getting around the city a cinch. The hotel is within walking distance of a pub called&quot;The Grenadier&quot; (on Wilton Row). The pub is a bit difficult to find at first but well worth the effort. My husband and I quickly became regulars for dinner and/or drinks after several long days of sightseeing. The staff is nicer than any words can describe and treated us with such kindness and familiarity each time we returned. Overall, we were completely enchanted with the city of London and it's people. We would gladly return should we once again be fortunate enough to have the opportunity.	
Feb 25 2007 	Amazing views if you get the right room	This was my second stay at this hotel, and both times at an Executive room.The hotel is wonderfully located very close to a metro station, and across the street from Harvey Nichols, and a 5 minute walk from Harrods. As far as location is concerened, it gets 5/5.Check in was friendly and fast (actually, I arrived at around 11:30am, and was given my room immediately, although I was very early). The concierge service is always there to help, and has always been very good to answer all my questions regarding transportation and other things. Overall, the staff is very polite and efficient. 5/5.The room is very clean, although a tad &quot;tired&quot; (especially if you look up close at some of the furniture and the paint job around the windows). The bed is gloriously comfortable. The bathroom has both a walk in shower and a bathtub. Not too many luxury amenities though. In my opinion, the rooms are due for a bit of a &quot;refresher&quot;. Overall the room gets a 4/5.The view is incredible, but I guess this depends where your rooom is. Mine had a view of the London Eye and the Big Ben! 5/5 for the view!The rate I paid was a special AAA rate, but at a total of 300UKP / night, the price value ratio, even for London is at around 3,5/5.Overall, a good choice while in London, but not much above a &quot;Sheraton&quot;.	
Feb 21 2007 	One of the Best Sheratons	As a starwood gold member, I have stayed in a lot of Sheratons over the past number of years, but this one is one of the best. The staff was wonderful, and handled all our minor problems with ease and customer service. (We had to add a night through central reservation because we arrived a day early to beat a snowstorm in the US and central reservations had screwed up the added night, but the front desk manager fixed it right up). They upgraded us even though we used points for the bulk of our stay (which has never happened when I use points) and even let us check in at 10am despite a normal 3pm check in time. This hotel has all the amentities, although the food in the hotel resturant and drinks at the bar were pricey, even by London standards. The location is awsome...down the block from Harrods and a 2 min. walk to the tube. If you can use points the park tower is a must, but good even if you can find even a slightly discounted rate.	
Feb 13 2007 	Very Rude Reception Staff Outrageous Check in Procedure!	My husband and I arrived at the hotel on a sunday afternoon and on our way phoned to check if there was availability which there was Upon arrival, I asked what rooms they had avail and could they show us 2 of them. I was taken to see the rooms and agreed we would stay. I phoned my husband to tell him and he proceded to park the car in the hotel parking area. When I got back to reception I was told I needed a Passport, Drivers licence and credit cards as ID to check in!! As I live in the uk I don't carry my passport on me. I did have my drivers licence and 3 credit cards. I was told I couldn't check in because I didn't have my passport also!!! I had to phone my husband to get the bell boy to put all our things back out of lobby and he had to get the car and we had to LEAVE the hotel!! HUMILIATING to say the least and very inconvenient. There was a mam at reception who told the lady who was dealing with me I had to have all 3 she was trying to sort it out so as the 2 forms of id would do. He was a rude man who said he was in charge that there was no manager!there you goGo stay in the Ritz or anywhere else and you don't get this nonsense which is what we did in the end.The rooms weren't that great either it was late and we were there for 1 night so i thought they are clean and its a good location so fine.	
Feb 5 2007 	Great location great upgrade needs a little updating	We stayed here for two nights and were lucky enough to receive an upgrade to a butler room because of my Starwood platinum status. The hotel is in a great location with easy access to great shopping and is a moderate distance to the major sights in west London. The hotel does have a dated feel to it (stained throw rug, frayed sheets in room), but the positives outweigh the negatives especially if you book the hotel at a discounted rate or use points. The woman at the front desk was a pleasure to deal with.	
Jan 16 2007	Has everything except character	Well located at 101 Knightsbridge (excellent seafood restaurant -- yes, it is possible in England -- of the same name in the hotel). My mother and I stayed here and enjoyed the proximity to boutiques and of course Harvey Nicks and Harrods (the food halls were the best part). The staff were uniformly courteous, efficient and discreet and the room was immaculate and understated. One of the draws of the Park Tower was the modern design and clean lines of the rooms, a refreshing change from the heavy draperies, floral patterns and fussy traditional decor of many other London hotels. The semi-circular design gave our room a more spacious feel and the large windows allow for lovely park views. Beds were exceptionally comfortable although the bathroom layout made poor use of the available space. The lobby is small and quiet (the low ceiling makes it seem particularly hushed), dark woods and dimmed lighting, not the marble and glass atrium sort of decor that seems standard in many 5* hotels. As a another reviewer noted, there is really nothing to fault about this hotel -- except perhaps a lack of character. There are more luxurious hotels with more interesting history (the Dorchester, Claridges), trendier boutiques (One Aldwych) and many more value-oriented hotels. Overall, there is much to recommend about the Park Tower -- service was impeccable, and very generous with the complimentary water and chocolates on turn-down service -- although its restraint and efficiency make it difficult to be entirely charmed or wowed. Would particularly recommend for female travellers (very safe area, helpful staff), business travellers (although a 24 hour Internet connection was an extortionate 40GBP) and couples. Perhaps too understated for younger couples, families with children or those looking for the diversions of the West End.	
Jan 12 2007 	Great location and a pleasant stay.	As mentioned in other reviews, the Sheraton Park Tower has one of the best locations in London. There is little to fault in this hotel other than its overwhelming feeling of being functional rather than luxurious. The rooms which are all identical offer better views the higher up you go--but otherwise are all the same size. They are comfortable and offer everything you might need for a pleasant stay. They do not however, wow you with the elegance of other five-star hotels in the city. Service is friendly if not overly engaging--- but the staff are quick to solve any problems you have encounter. If you can get a good price at the Sheraton Park Tower--its worth a stay here--but at rack rate--you would get more for your money at the Dorchester or the Ritz in my opinion.	
Jan 8 2007 	worth it if you get a discounted price	we spent one night at the hotel and were lucky enough to have a discounted price. Upon entering the hotel we did not like the reception area.it was very cold and unwelcoming because of all the marble used. the lifts were quite difficult to use because they were trying to be innovative.our room, however, was nice but we didn t really have much of a view. The room was clean and very quiet.apparently there is a very good fish restaurant but unfortunately we did not have the time to try it.	
Jan 8 2007 	Pretty Good Stay	This modern hotel complex has a lot going for it. Its on one of London's main streets, and right next to Harvey Nichols, one of London's great department stores, with Harrods a short walk away and its close to the Knightsbridge tube station. The rooms are in a tall tower and are not large but the architect has put just about everything needed for comfort into the space. And for a London hotel it has a large clothes closet and enough drawer space, which is almost a miracle. The room even has a set of various electrical outlets set into the wall so no matter what your appliance plug is, you can get electricity. However its an expensive hotel in an expensive city. A full English breakfast in the hotel costs 22pounds. Instead, go around the corner to the Knightsbridge Cafe and get the same breakfast for 6 pounds.	
Dec 28 2006 	Good Choice in London	We stayed at the Park Tower for two nights (Friday and Saturday) in early June. We used Starwood points for the stay, so were pleasantly surprised to be upgraded to an executive room (number 617, higher floor, some extra amenities) at no charge.We had a nice view of the London Eye and that area of London from our room and the hotel is nicely located in Knightbridge. The hotel is round, so the rooms are a little odd in layout, but we had a sofa in front of large picture windows. (Good photos on the hotel's website to give you a better idea of the layout.)Bathroom was decent size, with a separate shower and tub. One minor quibble is the vanity, which are of the modern design that look great but have very little space on which to put your make-up and other things. Luckily, in our room, the tub was behind you as you stood in front of the vanity and had a nice, wide ledge on the surround. Sheets and towels were of high standards and the hotel had its own line of soap, shampoo, body wash, etc. which were very nice.The conciege service was good--knowledgable, helpful, and personable. The fitness center had a nice range of cardio and weight equipment. We did not eat in any of the hotel restaurants, but did go to a Lebanese restaurant next to the hotel (out the front door to the left and across the street.) There was also a deli on that same stretch that had good coffee, freshly squeezed orange juice, and pastries for breakfast.Overall, a very nice stay and we would return.	
Dec 26 2006 	Pleasant Surprise!	We were really surprised by this hotel. We knew its location was superb (just a few minutes from Harvey Nichols, Harrod's, Burberry's etc.) but the rooms were also the perfect size for a couple, and very comfortable with a curved sofa that served as a window seat, great double bed, nice bathroom, and very good bathroom toiletries. It more than met our expectations in every way and is surrounded by charming little restaurants (most of which are Lebanese but hey, it's London...), coffee shops and wine bars making it easy to dine out and not be trapped by the hotel's F&amp;B offerings (a pet peeve of ours). (Don't miss the Starbucks across the street from Harrod's for real coffee; British hotels just haven't caught on yet.) A complimentary tea kettle and service in the room was the only item we really missed; shopping is dehydrating.We will definitely return to this undiscovered gem.	
Dec 22 2006 	One of the Best!!	We had the pleasure of staying at the Sheraton Park Tower Hotel from Dec 17-21, 2006. As members of the Starwood Preferred Guest Program we have come to expect memorable experiences as we have stayed at SPG hotels all over the world. The Park Tower was a special experience. The hotel's location is probably amongst the best in all of London. Knightsbridge, known for its posh shopping areas, is one of the most desired areas in the city! As for the hotel, at 16 floors, it was nearly flawless from arrival to departure. The hotel is big enough to provide all the services you expect, but small enough to provide personal touches, typically reserved for small &quot;boutique&quot; hotels.The staff, from the hotel manager, to whom we spoke, personally, to alert her of early-in-the-day arrival, to the reception desk, bell persons, room attendants, maintenance, room service, doormen, and all others we came in contact with, were attentive, personable and efficient.Particular kudos go to the conceirge staff, who are both knowledgeable and friendly.The room was spacious, bright (with a full wall of windows and great views) and quiet. The HVAC system was efficient but not intrusive (not too warm--too cold--or noisy). The bed was extremely comfortable with luxurious linens, duvets and pillows of every description (AND you can order whatever pillows make YOU comfortable)!!The bath, completely covered in light grey marble stocked with lush, thirsty towels and amenties includes a tub &amp; separate shower.Certainly no complaints here. The staff strives to ensure your stay will be both comfortable and memorable. As an experienced traveller, I would say you cannot go wrong here! Enjoy!	
Nov 28 2006 	Better than expected. Lovely stay!	Stayed here during Thanksgiving weekend. 3 nights and it's way too short. Of course, it's expensive, it's London, so for those who complained about how expensive it is, mind you that it's not entirely Sheraton's fault.Pros - Location: Right next to Harvey Nics / Harrods / tube entrance. You really can't beat that esp if you're coming in from LHR. One direct tube ride, and you're here. If you're from LGW, then there is a change, but still managable.Room size: Nicely layout, so doesn't feel cramped. There is no king bed (so I heard), they're just 2 twins pushed together. Actually this turned out nicely, cause I never felt my spouse tossing and turning. :) Duvet is so soft I want to buy one for home. The bathroom is also nicely equiped. Good water pressure. Softest towel ever.Elevator: Unique, smart and fast. Wish all hotels have this.Staff: They tried hard. Very friendly and really worked to get us our room when we checked in early morning. Nice turndown service. Room is shielded from noise.Cons - Restaurants: Only highend. Piano bar is nice but expensive. But hey, you're in London. Could be tricky trying to look for a casual dinner out without planning ahead. Lebanese place across from hotel was overrated IMHO.Checkin: slow, long wait. Then they had to punch in a lot of stuff before they get us a room.Misc: Clock alarm has no volumn control. And didn't work (tried twice). No complimentary water (get it from deli across the hotel BTW). Limited TV channels. Didn't see laundry bag. Will stay here again. Upscale but not stuffy. Business travel oriented, but also intimate enough for couple getaways. Highly recommended.	
Nov 25 2006	If You Want to Feel Poor Stay Here	The two great things I can say about this hotel ...1. Bed very big and comfortable2. Location Location LocationThis hotel is in Knightbridge which is within walking distance to Harrod's and Hyde Park. For those with walking shoes you can also get to Piccadilly Circus and Covent Garden to catch the sites.The bad part which isn't totally their fault as London is extremely expensive...you will leave this hotel broke (unless you are a King or Prince or something...which I think some of those folks stay there judging by the cars out front). Everything was entirely too expensive. If you stay there and want snacks and/or water, etc. go across the street to the Lebanese deli/patisserie/store for snack much much much cheaper than the hotel. Overall the hotel was nice and clean - the staff was helpful - the food wans't htat great though - I would stay there again...once the USD is stronger.	
Nov 21 2006 	Convenient and Solid Gym (although the gym is windowless)	I stayed at this hotel in February of 2006 for part business and part pleasure. I was placed on a very high floor and the view was simply fantastic. The room was well decorated and very functional. There is nice work desk space and I believe wireless internet was available for a fee. The bathroom was well appointed and spotless. As for the gym, I would give it a high grade especially for London and it is free. The only drawback is that it is downstairs in an area with no windows. However there are several pieces of newer cardio equipment and weight machines as well. What I also liked was that it had a great spacious changing area with showers. This is especially handy for the traveler who has to take a red-eye to London yet their room is not ready unless you are willing to pay a fee for the night before. The gym has several functional TVs but the gym is not set up for headphones so unless you are alone in this gym watching TV with sound can be somewhat difficult. Channel selection is decent.I happened to use one of the excellent concierges at this hotel before my arrival to set up a few things (restaurant reservations, a major theatrical performance, the London Eye and a few other things). All my confirms were done through email before arrival after my initial phone conversation. Everything was just as I was expecting. Location for this hotel is great. Harvey Nichols, a great shopping experience, is across the Street. If you are aching for American type food check out the top floor of Harvey Nichols for a great away of treats and a sit down dining experience. The hotel is also near several key subway/tube stops.	
Nov 14 2006 	FYI	I personally find it a violation of our human rights to have to pay for my stay at this Sheraton, when i was treat with no respect,their interests were repulsivly always on how much money they can soak out of you. These money making machines are exactly that they hire rude, offensive and pushy rats to run a rusty out of date hotel, with a desirable postcode.I am disgraced for the management and frankly dont wont to use any starwood points earned there ever, and for that matter at any Sheraton establishment. The prices of roomservice are of michlin standards, there food could be out performed by mc donalds. They should be ashamed.	
Nov 6 2006 	A favorite in London Park Tower is great.	I've stayed at Sheraton Park Tower (SPT) twice in the last year. Once in the executive level rooms and once in a basic room. If you get the executive it's nice, but not generally necessary to have a good stay. Overall, the SPT is one of my favorite hotels in London.The hotel's look is 1970's architecture and some of that still shines through. The rooms have been redone, but it can still be a little rough in the common hall areas. Speaking of common areas, there are none. Space is at a premium here, so if you need soaring lobbies and grand common rooms...go elsewhere. This place is more Austin Powers/James Bond psuedo-cool, modern but not too hip. Avoid if you;re afraid of circular buildings, too.The rooms are a neat &quot;wedge&quot; shape, I like it a lot. My significant other thought it was, eh. Maybe not feminine enough, it does have a swingin bachelor sense to it. I like the views of Hyde Park from the small integrated divans. I understand the restaurant is well regarded, but I have only had room service. Like all of London it's expensive, but good.Great location, quick access to the Tube. Service at SPT was pretty good, but can get crowded at times in the small reception area. Concierge was competent, reasonably helpful. I go for the location and the location. Plus, the rooms are nice and modern. Did I mention the location?Solid property, not exactly London luxury, but professional and a great...location.	
Aug 20 2006 	We Loved This Place!	My girlfriend and I stayed at the Park Tower for two nights in August and absolutely loved it. Aside from the lobby/bar areas which smell like an ashtray due to the absence of walls between them, the hotel is very clean. The room has an amazing floor plan that utilized space very well. We liked the lounging area next to the window, the dimmer switches next to the bed, and the built-in speaker in the bathroom. The bed was so comfortable that it nearly ruined the rest of our London plans. The staff was very friendly. I'd love to stay there again.	
Aug 19 2006 	Not Worth the Money	Stayed at this hotel for 2 nights. Room was very good, on a high level floor. Very quiet once away from the ground floor. Concierge and front desk both helpful. Bar was overcrowded. Simply not worth $500 a night which is what it costs when you consider the poor exchange rate for the American Dollar. Had a much better experience 2 years ago staying at the Holiday Inn Mayfair. Much better location and much less expensive. Both had good air conditioning, which was a requirement for me.	
Aug 4 2006 	Loved this hotel!!!	Stayed at this hotel for a second time in the last year in mid-July! Again, it's a wonderful experience. We had a beautiful (small, but perfect) semi-circular room over looking the park. Unbelievably gorgeous with a long padded windowseat to faciliate people, park, and city-scape watching. We had tried to book here and found it full -- but when an alternative hotel across the park ended up being horrendous after night one -- we strolled over and lucked into an opening. We happened to get on a floor that offered &quot;butler&quot; service including chocolates and a half bottle of champagne at your chosen time. What a treat. Just a great place to stay -- only room drawback may be the bathroom is small and modest -- but the room and accessories are top-notch. Highly recommended!	
Jul 28 2006	Fantastic period.	Largest regular rooms in all of London (I've probably stayed in at least a dozen hotels there). And they're not just large but modern and luxurious. Ask for a room facing Lowndes Square. Go for the Classic rooms, just the same as the execs but on the lower floors and no DVD players. But you can get the park view even down there if you ask to be on the Lowndes side.Harvey Nick's just across the street, VERY well located. Few Americans.	
Jul 13 2006	Great experience	Simply one of the best hotels I've ever stayed in. This was my 3rd visit to London and in the past I've stayed at the Mandarin Oriental and The Lowndes. Staying in Knightsbridge is a must for me. I stayed here for 4 nights with my husband and 10 month old son. I agree with the other poster about the ample seating in the room - we have so much stuff to bring with us for the baby that it was really nice to spread out. I loved the separate shower, although the drain was sometimes slow - no big deal. The view was great, even from only the 3rd floor - since we were so close to Hyde Park there were no buildings blocking the sky and sun. Yes! Sun! We were there during a heat wave in England. And to that end, I was overjoyed to have central air conditioning that worked and had so many adjustments! I was also quite pleased with the regular check-out time of 12 noon! And the generally prompt and courteous customer service.Things I wasn't so thrileld about:Having to put the sign on my bed and in the tub to make sure I got fresh linens. Usually it's the other way around. The minibar - they have a computerized system that accounts for things being removed as soon as they were touched. There's a teeny tiny little sign inside the door that we saw after we had removed items to make room for our son's formula, food, etc. We were billed about 45 pounds for these items we never consumed. They took it off the bill, but only after a snobby &quot;you should have told us in advance and we would have cleared out the refrigerator&quot; as well as delaying our departure since I couldn't do express check out if I was going to dispute the charges. Then there's the &quot;smart&quot; elevators. At first they are kind of cool and take some getting used to. But then I realized if you get into the wrong elevator or you get confused and don't get out at the right floor, you're done - there's no buttons you can push to correct your mistake - you just have to wait until the doors open again. Still, with the stroller, they were spacious and my son loved all the mirrors.The restaurant - One-O-One. Well - the food was absolutely spectacular. But it was a bit weird, we decided to go there around 9pm. We spent a bit of time in weird circular conversations with 2 matre d's or managers who were not sure if they could seat us at one of the many empty tables because we did not have a reservation. We started to leave as I mentioned that we were hotel guests and were not informed we needed a reservation to dine there. As soon as I said hotel guest, we were seated. Of course the one matre d' came over about 5 minutes later to say he didn't catch our room number, could he please have it. Oh, what a slickster. Anyway - they were already be out of some of the main courses, so we didn't get our first, or even second choices, but the food was delicious. And the service impeccable.Overall, I would LOVE to stay at the Sheraton Park Tower again. I think all of the things I'm displeased about are sort of a now I know situation that can be avoided in future stays. But we could only afford it since I got a Starwood certificate for 50% off the room rate. And even then it was still pricey, especially after you add in the VAT.	
Jul 8 2006	Location Location Location	We spent 9 nights at the Sheraton Park Tower. We are regular visitors to London and have now stayed in about six different hotelsin a 16 year period, usually in Mayfair.The positive points about the hotel are as follows:1. Incredible location - across the street from Harvey Nichols, and one block from the Knightsbridge tube station. Maybe 15 minute walk to enormous numbers of good things to do - museums, shopping, eating, Hyde Park, etc.2. The rooms are to a very high standard. They have been totally refurbished. The bathrooms are marble and terrific to use. For a change the closet holds lots of clothes. There is ample seating.3. Bell service was the fastest I've ever seen.4. The staff was helpful and courteous.The negatives are there but not critical.1. The elevators are across from the bar, and the smoke wafts over to them. No way to avoid this.2. The lobby is nondescript and small. Not a place to lounge.3. There is inadequate drawer space in the rooms.4. The elevator system is ridiculous.However, none of the negatives really detracted from our stay.	
May 31 2006	Great location	I had to transfer over to the Sheraton after two nights at the Dorchester. I thought it would be a bit of a letdown after the Dorchester, but it was not. The room was larger than my room at the Dorchester. The bed was very comfortable, nice linens, marble bathroom, sofa and desk and view of the street activity in the heart of Knightsbridge. The staff was very helpful and friendly, not at all stuffy. It is not cheap though and I opted not to eat breakfast at the hotel. With the exchange rate and taxes, breakfast for one ran about $50 USD. I would definitely recommend this hotel though for it's location and very acceptable accomodations. Also, they have smart elevators which are kind of cool.	
May 14 2006	Great value and location for London	We stay here most times we come to London for a shopping weekend. The location in the heart of Knightsbridge is unbeatable. Across the road from Harvey Nichols and two minutes from Harrods and the shops of Knigtsbridge and high end shops of Sloane Street -you are in shopping heaven.The rooms are all of the same size except the penthouses and are spacious enough with a lovely sofa built into the window. All amenities you would expect of a five star hotel and impeccable service to match. Staff are willing and friendly and there is no stuffiness despite the smart ambience.Restaurants abound in the area including Harvey Nichols Fifth Floor which is excellent. Treat yourself to a meal in the Michelin starred Foliage in the Mandarin Oriental opposite. Taxis are always on hand to reach elsewhere and doormen are there to help.Book through the website for good rates - some great value weekend rates for a five star hotel.	
Apr 23 2006	Sheraton Park Tower: Very pleasant stay great location...	Just returned from a week stay at the Sheraton ParkTower using Starwood Points. Nice room with bay window. We were on 14th floor over looking Lowdes Ave(Quieter side). We loved the location. So close to the tube. Can walk to Harrods/Harvey Nichols, Shoppping and restaurants. The housekeeping services were excellent and staff very friendly and accommodating. The only issue for us was the smokey lobby due to the allowance of smoking in both lounges. Found that this is common place in all restaurants as they do not have the same regulations as in New York. Had to ask for table in the &quot;non-smoking&quot; section but in most cases it did not make a difference. We ate at several restaurants within 10-15 walk: Shanghi for Asian food twice, Grenedere-English Pub and an Italian restaurant(sorry forgot name) We ate at the Knightsbridge Cafe right across the street for lunch which was good. Also took out breakfast from Harrods market (up block, across the street from Harrods) which kept costs down. We would recommend this hotel and would stay again. Very pretty area behind hotel. Nice for a walk.	
Apr 1 2006	Excellent Amenities / Luxury View in a Posh Rom	We stayed for 4 nights this March and were impressed with the staff's attentive service, the room's oversized luxury and the hotel amenities. Now granted the hotel's elevators are being revamped so the wait was more than expected we were so thrilled to be overlooking Hyde Park, Kensington Gardensm, Harvey Nichols and Harrod's that we felt like we had a royal view of beautiful London. Our room was 1404 so you can see what our view was like. The bathroom had a large stall shower and a human sized bathtub ready to go. We'd highly recommend this if you're in the Starwood program as the higher floors have such stunning views and as it;s a tower every room has a picturesque bay window. The Kingsbridge tube stop is less than a half block and in 4 stops you're at Leicester or Covent Gardens and in the thick of nightlife. This area has it's perks and I'd recommend anyone to eat around the corner at the Knightsbridge Cafe witl it;s excellent food. The hotel restaurant has been rated best Seafood in the city and the price was out of our reach so we'll never know. London is an expensive city but we felt every cent was worth our stay here. For more budget conscious traveller's we hear that the City Inn London was an excellent hotel at a more reasonable rate but a bit more out of the way.	
Feb 9 2006 	Great for Work 	My wife and I stayed a few nights in January 2006, including a weekend touring and business for me early in the week. The hotel rooms were surprisingly spacious by London standards and the room looked very recently rennovated. The staff was friendly and quite helpful. The elevators were the only issue, since they were under rennovation, but that proved to be of little concern during most of the stay, as it was a weekend and the hotel was sparcely populated. The hotel itself is located a block from the Tube, so it was very easy to buzz around London.	
Jan 27 2006 	Luxury Collection Indeed	Have stayed in numerous Sheraton hotels around the US and this was by far the best - it definitely lived up to the &quot;luxury collection&quot; status.Stayed for 2 nights - love the beds and duvet covers - so comfortable. Beautifully appointed rooms - love the round hotel novelty - a detail that makes it truly unique.Did not get a chance to dine at the main restaurant (One to One ?) however it was recently awarded best seafood restaurant in London - next time for sure.Located near everything - shopping (you name it, it's near by), tourist spots (walked as far at the Tate Modern - quite a trek but well worth it).Concierge and doormen were eager to help.Used the fitness room - sufficient cardio maching variety - free weights and exercise balls too.Look forward to returning.	
Jan 22 2006	Wonderful week in London	We spent 6 days in London at the Park Tower during Aug 2005. The staff was very attentive and was fully prepared for our late arrival (11:30pm). Our room was gorgeous, with a comfortable window seat with a beatiful view out over the city. Our 8th floor room gave us a view of the London Eye, Big Ben, and Westminster Abbey.My wife and I enjoyed the cafe across the street (Knightsbridge Cafe), which was appropriately priced. The hotel was next door to Harvey Nick's and 2 blocks from the Hyde Park tube.Wonderful hotel in a great location! Would love to return any time we can.	
Jan 19 2006 	My favorite London Hotel	I know this review is late but having worked in London, I've stayed at many, many hotels there. This is by far my all-time favorite and I plan to stay for 2 weeks this year. Room space is excellent and all rooms are pretty much the same so you don't have to worry about getting an overfurnished closet. The sofa under the window is wonderful for viewing with your morning coffee. Staff has always been 1st rate and very helpful. Location is really good.Highly recommend if you are looking for consistant quality.	
Jan 18 2006 	Good Hotel both for Business and Leisure Stays	Sheraton Park Tower is a very good hotel both for the business and leisure traveller. Location is excellent and service standards are good except the reception area. The reception area is somewhat crampy due to the design of the hotel and if you try to check in or out at a busy time, it may take sometime to reach to the reception desk as the area gets crowded easily. Reception staff during my last stay also did not seem to have service consistency. Although I am a member of the Starwood Guest programme, I was not upgraded but, my colleague who checked in at the same time without any loyalty card was upgraded to an Executive Floor room. The rooms are OK in general, most have been refurbished and look nice. Breakfast room, which serve as a fish restaurant in the evenings looks a bit dated and the buffet area is also very crampy.In summary, this hotel will again be my choice with good location and predictable service quality at my future London travels.	
Jan 10 2006 	Thanks for a memorable stay!	This is a great hotel for the business traveler. The cleanliness and housekeeping is exceptional. The room we stayed in was on the south side of the tower, proffering views of the Thames and the Millennium Eye. There is excellent Wi-Fi connectivity within the hotel. The suite we stayed in had an elegant but contemporary design. I believe my sister used their dry-cleaning service and was very satisfied.Best of all, the hotel is literally next door to Harvey Nichols and a few blocks from Harrod's, so wives, find and excuse to accompany your hubby on his next business stay here! The only complaint I will make is that we were misinformed regarding the continental breakfast that is served in the hotel restaurant. At the beginning of our stay we came under the impression that there was no breakfast included. Au contraire! Unfortunately we learned otherwise only the morning of our departure. The spread is standard but generous. In fact, since eating out is so expensive in London, it would have been quite easy to eat a big filling meal every morning for breakfast, with a light lunch and snack for the rest of the day eaten elsewhere. That's what we'll do when we return!	
Dec 21 2005	Nice hotel would go back!	We stayed here for five nights in December 2005. We had a suite, which was basically two interconnecting rooms. One room had a very comfortable king size bed good sized desk, and the other room was the sitting room or entertaining area. It was a bit unusual that the two rooms were quite separate but I guess it enables the hotel to be able to sell the bedroom part as a separate room.Check-in and check-out were fine with no problems at all.We asked for a rollaway bed for our child which was delivered promptly.We had breakfast each morning in the restaurant. I was surprised to see that the restaurant opened only at 7 a.m., whereas for most hotels servicing business people the common start time seems to be 6 a.m.. They do provide coffee/tea and croissants free of charge from 6 a.m. to 7 a.m. in a small sitting room close to the restaurant. Given that we had just arrived from Australia and we had jetlag, we did go down quite early on a couple of occasions. They take the croissants and coffee away at 7 a.m. when the restaurant opens. The breakfast buffet was around 18 pounds for a continental breakfast, which was okay but not a huge selection. For an extra 3 or 4 pounds you can have a cooked breakfast which they make for you and bring out as there is no cooked food on the buffet. The service was quite good and the waiters were quite friendly. We did not eat in the restaurant for dinner although the menu did look quite good, if not perhaps on the slightly expensive side. If you are interested, Harvey Nichols (across the road) has quite a good restaurant and cafe upstairs and it is reasonably priced.The room was very comfortable. It was relatively spacious for a London hotel and the bed was very very comfortable. The toiletries were from Molton Brown which I particularly liked! Because there were two interconnecting rooms, we had two bathrooms. One had a bath and a small triangular shaped shower, and the other had a spacious shower.The location of the hotel is quite good for things like Harvey Nichols and Harrods and Hyde Park. It is also about a three minute walk from tube station.They are currently upgrading the lifts, and so only two out of three are operating, which does cause some delays but not too much of an issue. The lifts themselves are surprisingly small and hopefully will be increased in size with the upgrade.This hotel does not look that great from the outside (it is basically a round concrete building), but the inside is lovely and the rooms are really nice. I would certainly stay here again and would recommend it to other visitors.	
Dec 19 2005 	Once great service; not any more	We have been staying at this hotel for over 10 years regularly...this last visit was a disaster. Not just experienced by us, mind you, but also by the several other guests traveling for the same meeting. Three different groups had problems upon checking in! Everything from rooms not ready until late at night upon checking in; wrong rooms &amp; beds assigned; lack of concierge service; housekeeping not bringing in a cot for almost an hour when it should have been set up prior to our arrival, etc. Don't know what went wrong with this time, but we'll look elsewhere for our next trip. Also, note that the rooms are noisy - both from street sounds and hallways. I slept with earplus so no problems, but our daughter would awaken early in the a.m. due to traffic sounds. Rooms are well decorated and clean.	
Dec 14 2005	Good Location Good Rooms	Stayed in the hotel for 2 nights in December.Room was quite nice - and reallly well furnished, and quite roomy - bathroom was of a good size, with an odd sized shower that did not drain correctly. Plenty of TV Channels, and location is awsome, just next to Harvey Nics Dept Store.The &quot;king&quot; bed was of the awful 2 x single stuck together type - once of the beds was slightly lower than the other, only figured this out the second night, so did not give the hotel the ability to fix and satsify.Room Service were very good, and even offered me as many free bottles of waters that we wanted - which was nice for a hotel. All in all, very friendly, great spot, and well furnished and would go back.	
Dec 11 2005	Wonderful weekend	Booked this hotel based on positive reviews here and the location. At check-in I was greeted by the hotel general manager and several staff. As it turned out I was given my room free in appreciation for being a Starwood Preferred Guest and for having booked with the hotel directly online. Needless to say this saved me a lot of money as my rate was for 190 GBP per night for a standard room. I got upgraded to the 11th floor executive room with a nice view out over Hyde Park. The rooms were quite nice as expected. All the rooms here, except suites as far as I can tell, are the same size so you don't have to worry about getting a bad one. Are all equal which is actually a nice size for a London hotel. The sofa built into the wall by the window is great for relaxing. The bathroom includes a separate shower stall. The room has both wireless and wired internet connections available (both for a fee). The lobby and public spaces are average in my opinion. The rooms and the location are the reason to stay here. Just a one minute or less walk to the Knightsbridge tube statation and next to Harvey Nic's. Good location for both shopping and for taking the tube into Covent Garden for going to the theatre. All the staff that I had interaction with were very professional and did their best to help me. I would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 22 2005	Great location good hotel	I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in Nov. 2005. It is extremely well-located, across the street from Harvey Nichols dept. store and just down the street from Harrods. My room was clean and comfortable, with a small but well-appointed bathroom. I had called the concierge ahead of time to ask that he arrange car service for me from the airport and he did a good job with that - I had an excellent driver who was waiting for me right outside customs. I dined at One-on-One Restaurant two times for breakfast and once for dinner. The breakfast is a buffet and quite European in its offerings (cheese, meat) with less emphasis on fresh fruit than I would have liked, but there was nothing wrong with it. I had a mixed experience at dinner. The food was excellent but at first I felt the staff was unfriendly and, well, snotty. Then, one of the staff members noticed that I was dining alone and she brought me magazines with listings of local activities and events, as well as that day's newspaper. After that all the staff members started paying attention to me, offering a pillow for my back, checking regularly to see that I was happy with my meal, etc. So, in the end I had a pleasant experience at the restaurant, albeit an odd one. My only real complaint about this hotel is that the public areas reek of cigarette smoke. Otherwise it is just fine - not as nice as a Four Seasons or a Ritz Carlton, but still okay. I wouldn't hesitate to stay there again or recommend it to a friend.	
Nov 18 2005 	good - but not perfect	I'm just back from a 3 night stay at the Sheraton Park Tower. I stayed at room 1619 on the top floor. The view was outstanding and the room was nicely decorated. The bathroom was ok, great shower, but had a bad smell. The consierge is very friendly and very helpful, but the staff at check-in were terrible. At the check-in I had to wait 15 minutes(!) and the staff wasn't friendly at all. Very short and cold. Also one night we had dinner at the one-o-one restaurant. The food was perfect (dover sole), the service was bad. All over I would say it's a nice hotel on a good location, but quality of staff (reception and restaurant) should improve!!!	
Nov 7 2005	High Quality Hotel (by London Standards!)	This hotel is very well fitted out and the staff are friendly &amp; helpful. The service is relaxed but very efficient.The location is tremendous for Kensington &amp; Chelsea and the Underground is nearby.Had a corporate rate which brought it within budget otherwise would've picked a Hilton probably.	
Oct 28 2005 	Fantastic City Hotel - For London's Standards	I've probably been to London over 100 times for business over the past 10 years and the Sheraton Park Tower is by far the most consistant hotel in London. The location, in my opinion, is the best in London. A couple of stops on the tube to nightlife, but a very upscale residential feel with great shopping right outside your door. Belgravia, which sits next to the entrance to this hotel is considered the most exclusive residential neighborhood in London. The rooms are very American...remind me of rooms at a Manderin Oriental, but very large for London's standards. You will most likely pay the same for the lowest level room at Claridges or Berkley as you will for the best level room here. Rooms at other 5-star hotels I've stayed at in London have been shotty at best...sometimes great, sometimes dissapointing. I like the SPT bc you always know what you are going to get in terms of quality. Definately my favorite hotel in London. I have booked some specials recently at Claridges and Connought through expedia and will continue to do so, but they really aren't as nice as SPT.	
Oct 22 2005	Everything a top notch hotel should be	My wife and myself stayed at the Park Tower on SPG points on 2 occasions while on an extended trip to Europe. The first was for 4 nights after arriving in London at 9:00 AM. Upon arrival to the hotel and informing them that we were celebrating our anniversary we were immediately upgraded to a very large executive room with great views of the westend of London. After spending what seemed like an hour in the fabulous heavenly shower the hotel sent us a congratulatory bottle of champagne to celebrate our anniversary. The interior of the room was in tip top shape, with a real king size bed and fabulous linens. The second time that we stayed at the Park Tower was for one night at the end of our trip to Europe. We were very excited to be coming back to London after traveleing all over the the continent and having some up and down experiences in hotels there. We were also happy to be somewhere that spoke the mothertongue. While it is a joy to travel to other parts of the world, sometimes it is nice to be able to just speak one's primary language and not mine the far reaches of the mind to figure out what is being said to you. Upon our return to the Park Tower we were welcomed back and again upgraded to an executive room with a view of Hyde Park. The room was essentially the same as the room we had on our first stay with one exception. With a view of the park, the room faced Knightsbridge Street and was a bit noisy. This would not keep me from staying here by any means, but I would keep it in mind when choosing a room in the future. From start to finish on both stays; the rooms, staff and service was beyond the ordinary and the Park Tower will probably be my address in London from now on.	
Sep 6 2005	nearly perfect !	Check-in: Arrived at 12:30pm, was immediately put in a room that met all of my requests (non-smoking executive king overlooking Knightsbridge).Room: Very spacious, light and bright, recently redecorated. Wonderful air conditioning ! Dark Pergo floor and large double door closet in entryway. Patterned carpet in main part of room, faux burled wood built-ins, chic banquette sofa, desk with 2 chairs, wide screen TV, DVD, and playstation in an armoire. TV has English (both UK and US), French, German, Russian, Polish, Italian, and Arabic language stations. Dimmable halogen lighting in addition to standard lamps. My room had fax hidden away in built-in cabinet (nice touch, hate to see these ugly things out in the open). Lots of sockets for electronic equipment, including a US-type 3-prong socket (not sure if it was 110V or 220V). 2 terry robes, hair dryer. 2 hopper-style windows can be opened (always nice to be able to open the windows !) Bed linens were very very nice, down duvet in a pristine white cover, clean down and poly pillows.Bath: Very large ! Clad floor-to-ceiling in gray marble. Separate tub (with handheld sprayer) and spacious shower (separate spray and temp controls, variable spray showerhead), toilet/bidet combo (handheld bidet sprayer), black granite console sink with lots of surface space, good lighting. Towels all looked brand new, nice and fluffy.Service: Request for ironing board filled within 5 mins. Room service meals delivered within 20 mins, all prepared exactly as requested. Housekeepers respected &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign. Room was super clean. (I tip daily, does this make a difference ?) All service staff were polite and friendly.Location: Hard to beat. 1 block to Knightsbridge tube station. 3 blocks to Harrod's. Much shopping/dining in immediate vicinity. V&amp;A easy walking distance. Double decker tour bus stops in front of Harrod's. City buses stop within a block of the hotel.Could be improved: Rooms suffer from noise transmission, not a prob if your neighbors are quiet, might be a problem if they are not. I think room above me was entirely Pergo'd, and on my last night constant clicking of heels was disturbing, as was frequent toilet lid and closet door slamming. Mattresses could be more plush. Wish they had in-room coffee/tea equipment and a socket for hair appliances in the bathroom. Also would be nice if they had a minifridge instead of the auto-minibar (you touch it, you buy it).Check out hotel's individual web site for deals. I got 3-nights-for-price-of-2 which was not available from the Starwood web site.I would definitely stay at this hotel again. Highly recommended !	
Aug 5 2005	Great Hotel	My family and I stayed at the Sheraton Park Tower July 15-18. The location was great. It was hot in London and the hotel was very cool. We attended a concert and strolled in nearby Hyde Park. The staff was outstanding. The desk and concierge staff were helpful. The concierge helped us reschedule our Thames cruise/Eye flight not once but twice. Nearby restaurants includes a good Italian restaurant and a very friendly Lebannese deli with quite tasty food. Plenty of shops are nearby.	
Aug 3 2005 	True modern classic	I am a regular visitor of the hotel, as this is one of my favourite in London. It's very modern and well maintained, while being sifficiently luxurious. It has great location and offers very competitive rates. Executive rooms (higher floors) provide great views of London, but in terms of size and design they are same as classic ones.I would place Sheraton Park Tower among the top hotels in London, but a few things might be improved:- although I would not say bed are uncomfortable, you get in most cases a kingsize bed with two separate matraces which I find to be odd- the doorman stuff could be more active as they are at Four Seasons- they have good br which works late, but their crew must be replaced - they are too slow and not friendly enough.	
Jun 20 2005	Very nice hotel	Just came back from a trip to London. Have nothing but good things to say about this hotel. We stayed in the Executive level rooms. The staff could not have been friendlier. The rooms and bathroom were as clean as can be as can be expected from a hotel such as this. Found the beds comfortable and the the light comforter which kind of doubles as the sheet and blanket is great...will look for similar one for my bed at home. Great stay, and would definitely stay there again. Although pricey, most seemed to be in London anyway.	
Jun 12 2005	Amazing Views. Great Rooms. Great Service	My partner arranged for us to stay here one weekend and on check in, we were upgraded to a business room on the higher floors. The room had amazing views over London (you could see the London Eye). The bathrooms are of a generous size and the staff cannot be faulted for their eagerness to please and ensure our stay was as comfortable and enjoyable as possible. TV channels to suit guests from all over the world available and the bed was one of the most comfortable I have ever slept in! The restaurant serves an amazing breakfast to suit all tastes from all around the world. Next time I visit, I'm looking forward to dinner in the restaurant! The location can't be beaten by many other hotels in London for the retail lovers. Harvey Nichols is literally next door! Harrods is up the road a few hundred yards, and Sloane Street is just around the corner. You can get the underground, buses or taxis straight into the hustle and bustle of Leicester Square should you so wish.	
Apr 24 2005	Fine hotel outstanding service	We stayed for two nights in April 2005. Room 1208 has a great view of Hyde Park, utilizes the space in the room well (outside wall is curved due to circular shape of hotel and size of room is average by US standards) and is well appointed (decorated in pleasant, light colors, furnishings in good condition and widescreen TV approximately 30&quot; screen). King bed is not a true king (two twin mattresses put together), but was comfortable. Service was exceptional. Concierge acquired us excellent seats to a highly regarded play we requested.	
Jan 29 2005	Luxury hotel with a few glitches		
Nov 29 2004	Wonderful hotel in a great location		
Sep 10 2004	Good hardware weak software		
Jun 16 2004	Classy Place		
Jan 11 2004	Sheraton Park Tower - London: Great Experience		
Nov 15 2003	loved the staff and location		
Oct 19 2003	A pleasant surprise.		
Aug 12 2003	Great Location		
Jun 20 2003	Great Location and nice rooms		
Feb 21 2003	Nice Hotel - Great Service		
Sep 5 2009 	????????????		
Jul 27 2009 	????????		
Feb 27 2009 	Fantastico		
Dec 12 2008 	Une vue incroyable		
Aug 8 2008 	??????????????		
Jul 25 2007 	bello ma impersonale		
