	Ideal for London visit on a budget	Stayed for two nights in late November. Arrived early, room was available so able to check in ahead of advertised time. Room slightly on the small side but perfectly adequate.Breakfast choice limited but what can you reasonably expect for the price.Located close to Bayswater Tube Station. Found location to be a good base for our visit to London. Plenty of resturants and a Tesco Metro nearby.	
	Perfect for connection to Heathrow and the Underground	An overnight stopover to connect with flghts leaving from Heathrow. Easily located to the Underground.Clean, no frills, windows that opened, in a quiet tree filled square. More than adequate when all you need is a bed and shower-you don't travel to spend your time sitting in an hotel room.	
Nov 17 2009 	Great hotel good location nice price	I just came back from a 5 days stay in London Hotel, my experience was quite nice there, the staff was really friendly, they have a great location near to the Tube of Bayswater, the rooms are clean and fair for the price you pay, they are recently renovated so the rooms are in good shape. the staff was very helpfull and friendly. Would totally stay here again on my next visit to London	
Nov 14 2009 	If you like to shower don't stay here	My wife and I stayed at this hotel for one night a couple of weeks ago. The plus points for this hotel is that it is reasonably priced for London, clean and fairly close to a tube station. However be warned that the staff are not very friendly. We had little/no water to shower in the morning. The staff were uninterested and even denied knowledge of the problem despite the fact that, en route to report the problem, I bumped into three different people who had the same issue.Overall I would not recommend this hotel to friends and I would not stay here again. If the hotelier reads these reviews then a few improvements, as listed below make this an improved place to stay. - soundproofing to reduce the noise from slamming doors (this is a big problem) - hand towels in the bathroom - tuning tv stations to their correct preset	
Nov 12 2009 	CHEAP FOR LONDON BUT THERE ARE REASONS FOR THIS !	Having booked an advanced double room at a very reasonable price for a London hotel I was looking forward to my visit as the ratings on this site were very positive.However, it would appear that having got such a great rate has its downfalls. We were put into what I can only describe as a box room where the bed alone (smaller than a double it would seem) just about fitted into the room and not much else. The bathroom was small and narrow also. The room was away from all the other rooms between the 24hr reception and the 1st floor on the stairs and as expected we could easily hear what was going on at the reception and guests using the stairs.The building works as previously mentioned started at 8am outside our bedroom window so having a lie in was never going to happen with an angle grinder going off.The location was great near the Circle line and Hyde Park but do take heed of booking any hotel especially this one in advance!!	
Nov 10 2009 	Great value	Stayed 3 nights and very happy with this choice. no frillls but very clean, comfy beds adequate bathroom. Excellent location &amp; would stay again.Minor improvements would be full length mirror in room &amp; some hooks for towels etc in bathroom.	
Nov 5 2009 	Super Hotel	Just came back from an we stayed 4 nights at the London House Hotel in Bayswater - and we had a pleasant stay there!Hotel room ( newly renovated) on 2nd floor:- good size for London with wardrobe, fridge, kettle ( coffee &amp; tea was providedI, hair dryer and safe. Room &amp; bathroom were cleaned daily and every 2nd day new towels. - We were suprised by the bathroom. Quite big - water was hot straight away even at midnight. Check in: Arrived before normal check-in time . Was no problem we had choice to wait (which we did) or could store luggage. Payment had to be done before moving into room.Check-out:- we had to check out by 10.30 but it was no problem to leave luggage in luggage room. We had to tell how many suitcases we have and got a card with amount of suitcases on it. Room was locked and only with the a.m. card you got key to get into this room. Our suitcases had a lock so we were not afraid that some one will take ours.Breakfast: For 3 GBP you cannot expect a lot. But there are so many places around where you can have a full Engl Breakfast.Location:Bayswater &amp; Queensway Underground about 3 and 6 mins away. Perfect and Bayswater is only 3 stops from Marble Arch. We walked there along Hyde Park and it took us 20 min and we reached Oxford street. Notting Hill is only a walk of 15 min away.Staff:- very friendly and helpful. I have asked for a blanket with reservation and we got it 3 mins after we checked in. There are still renovating the place but work doesn´t start before 8 o´clock which was ok for us. We will def stay at this hotel again!!!!!	
Oct 26 2009 	Great Hotel great location !!	We spent 4 nights with our 2 teenage children &amp; it was a really nice hotel. The Hotel has been recently (&amp; still being) re-furbished &amp; was very tastefully decorated with modern furnishings &amp; decor.Our room was plenty big enough for 4 people with heaps of storage &amp; very comfortable (especially the beds, great linen &amp; duvets too!!). The bathroom was spotlessly clean (as was the rest of the Hotel) with a fantastic shower!. Breakfast was basic but fresh &amp; tasty &amp; the breakfast room was light &amp; roomy. The staff were all extremely friendly &amp; helpful. There was a nice lounge with large TV &amp; internet etc to relax in which was good after a long days sightseeing. You could also use the washing machine/dryer which was a bonus too. The location was great, easy walking to Hyde Park, Harrods &amp; many other locations. Overall, London House exceeded our expectations &amp; it was a fantastic start to our holiday.	
Oct 9 2009 	Small and Noisy	We spent 3 nights in this hotel. The room was tiny and the bathroom barely large enough to sit on the toilet without hitting your knees on the wall. There was construction that was &quot;written in the fine print on the internet&quot;. We didn't think it would be THAT bad but at 7:45am every day the floor to the room shook it was so loud. On top of that, the walls were so thin that the constant noise of people from other rooms and the hallways keep me into the night. When I tried to inquire about a room change, I was dealt with by an extremely rude hotel service desk clerk. This hotel is a hostel with a fine exterior -- perhaps they should charge 20 pounds a night like other hostels. It's not worth more than this.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great value 	This hotel, although small, was very clean and had everything wee needed. It is less than 2 blocks from 2 tube stations, bus stops, and the Royal Parks. The front desk was extremely helpful, and they even allowed us to use their washing machine when we needed to do some emergency cleaning.I would definitely stay again!	
Oct 1 2009 	Wonderful hotel and great value for money!	We've just returned from our stay at the London House Hotel. It was fabulous. The rooms were very clean, and there was hardly any noise, and our room was right on the street. Every day the house keeping service was impeccible, they made our beds restocked everything. The staff were really nice too. On our first day as soon as we got into the rooms they came to check that everything was ok, and if we needed anything. We asked them for extra cups and coffee and they provided them immediately and with a smile. On the last night we also asked for an extra pillow. They gave us 2 not 1 and brought it straight up to our room. It was just perfect. Well done. We will definately be stayng here again!	
Sep 18 2009 	Best basic hotel ever	This is the second time I've stayed at the London House Hotel and it was another excellent visit (even better than last year). Don't come looking for luxury. The rooms are small and bare bones -- no pictures, basic furniture. But they are clean and comfortable. The hotel is located a short walk from the Bayswater and Queensway tube stations which will take you anywhere in London. It is just off a street busy with shopping, restaurants and a few pubs. The hotel remains under construction during renovation, but who is staying in London to sleep or sit in a hotel room all day? It really isn't an issue. I got a room at the London House for three nights for $85 a night. Good luck finding a better rate anywhere in London. The breakfast used to be free and it wasn't that good -- just some toast, dry cereal, cheese. They now charge 3 pounds. Better to grab a bite to eat at one of the nearby cafes. Still, London House is an astounding value. It is clean, comfortable and convenient.	
Sep 1 2009 	Clean friendly and value for money.	Stayed at the hotel for 3 days in Room 314 on the 3rd floor - double room. We payed 144 pounds for 2 nights via Bookings.com and were very impressed with what we received. We arrived an hour earlier than the 2pm check-in and were given a room straight away. Room was comfortable, clean and quiet with a great view of the neighbouring park. The staff were friendly and helpful. There was a flat screen TV in the room as well as kettle for tea and coffee. The room also had a small fridge to keep our drinks and snacks in. The bathroom was clean and the shower fully function - perhaps newly renovated. The room has key card entry security. No complaints whatsoever. Be wary that not all other hotel guests are considerate enough to ensure their doors close quietly! The doors are all on spring hinges and therefore if care is not taken, they are prone to slamming.There is a luggage room where we safely stored our luggage all day on our last day in London.Overall, very impressed. Especially as you are 5 mins walk away from restaurants and Underground train stations.	
Aug 24 2009 	An Amazing Reasonably-Priced Gem	Not being very familiar with London or the Bayswater area in which the hotel was located, we did get lost. But we encountered some of the most helpful folks in London who graciously helped us find the hotel. Parts of the hotel was under construction. Prior to check-in time, we sat in the lounge waiting for our room to be ready and could hear the noise from the construction. Luckily our room was far away from all the noise. It was one of the newly renovated rooms. There were three of us so each of us had our own bed. The bathroom was clean and tiny (we thought it was cute). Unfortunately our view wasn't so spectacular as there were scaffolding outside due to construction. Though it would have been without the scaffolding. The service was great. In fact, we checked in earlier because we set our clocks incorrectly so we were actually an hour earlier than the current time. The check-in folks were very nice about it. They arranged for us cab service for early the next morning as we needed to take the Eurostar to Paris. The hotel is pretty close to the main road in Bayswater. It's close to a lot of restaurants and stores. We managed to have some decent dinner in the area as well as buy some nice items.	
Aug 14 2009	Great value for money	My son and I stayed in a twin room with bathroom in this hotel for 12 nights and the only problem we had was the smoke detector going off in our room for no reason in the middle of the night on our last night.The room was a little small but it was clean, newly renovated and the beds were comfortable; all staff we had anything to do with were friendly and helpful; the location is great - close to two tube stations and walking distance to many attractions; the breakfast (although the same every day) was plentiful and nutritious and there was good access to the internet.	
Aug 12 2009 	Great value	We stayed 3 nights at the London House Hotel and we enjoyed the experience. We were initially impressed by the rooms as they were clean, comfortable and even a little stylish looking. However, when we were woken up each morning by repairmen literally at our windows we realised there was a downside. We had breakfast each morning which was a standard hotel combination but nevertheless still satisfying. Another positive was the washer/dryer access... even if it did take about 40+mins to dry a load!Would stay here again but hopefully no repairs next time!	
Aug 11 2009 	Excellent would recommend to anyone on a budget!	We had a really good experience at the London House Hotel. During our stay they were refirbishing the hotel, but that didn't distract us at all. The breakfast was basic, but a free breakfast is better than nothing! The rooms are very nice and clean, although small but who cares! Your in London you shouldn't be in your room!The underground is right around the corner, and it is really easy to get places. The staff we also very nice and helpful, They minded our bags before our flight out at night and were very helful with directions.At the end of the day, London is an extremely expensive place to stay so I would definately recommend staying here. It is in a very nice area, near parks and shopping centers and lots of food! Enjoy!!!	
Aug 7 2009 	Well it wasn't exactly unhygenic but...	You get what you pay for with this place. It was tolerable for our last night in England, but honestly you can do better for the money if you try a little harder. Our room was desperate for a paint job (foot prints on the walls). The sheets were cleanish--I am willing to believe they may have been washed, but there was a dead mosquito and the sheets really needed to be bleached. Our bathroom sink was cracked. The toilet had not been thoroughly scrubbed. Breakfast was pathetic: cold toast and Cocoa Puffs. After the breakfasts we'd had elsewhere (at a lower rate!), this was very disappointing indeed.The staff were very nice. At least that part was good.	
Aug 6 2009 	Unexpectedly Great!!!	I wasn't sure what to expect with this hotel...the price made it seem too good to be true so upon my arrival, I was unexpectedly surprised (and relieved) to find that it was actually a nice hotel!We stayed in a family en-suite room (1 double bed and two singles). The beds were very comfortable and all of the bedding was good quality! The room itself was very large...we had stayed in other family rooms where you couldn't even find floor space for your bags, but this was spacious and had a closet and large dresser. The room also had a flat screen TV and AIR CONDITIONING!!!!The normal check-out time is 10:30a but I was feeling very ill the morning I woke up and asked for a later check-out, the staff was nice enough to extend the time to noon. The only con I found to the hotel were not related to this particular hotel and would have been an issue no matter where I stayed (ie: we had a basement room and therefore we heard everyone walking by).Overall, I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a good value in London. I would also definitely stay there again myself!	
Aug 1 2009 	good value for money	If you need just a place to sleep over in London - LHH is probably the best value for money I've managed to find yet! I've stayed there on several ocassions and was always happy with the room, reception/personnel, cleaniness etc. Don't raise your expectations too high, but you'll get what you pay for. It's not a 5* hotel but it very much meets the basic needs. It was also refurbished in 2008 so all rooms are in quite good condition. Reception also was always very helpful and responsive to our needs. One time we were staying there with 4 friends booking 3 rooms and they kindly offered three adjacent rooms. Next time I was staying there for a night with my partner and then had a separate reservation for the next night for myself, so I was pleased when they said I don't have to check out and check in later on same day and could just leave all my stuff in the room. With nice location close to two tube stations it's perfect for budget city break.	
Jul 22 2009 	Great Location Decent Price	I stayed with three other friends all of us being students. I found that this hotel was in a great location. It is in the Bayswater area which is a great combination of both residential and restaurants. The Bayswater tube station is a 5 minute walk away. The matresses were a bit hard but I slept very well and there was no noise from outside. The room cam with a TV (which I never tried out) and a private washroom. The shower was a decent size and clean. Breakfast was basic, with: cereal, toast, juice and croissants, but it was enough to fill me up for the day. The staff were very friendly and let us leave our bags in a baggage room and even gave us an extra key. I highly recommend this hotel!	
Jul 10 2009 	good location clean but basic	went to london for Wimbledon, just wanted a well located, clean and safe hotel, and this is the case.very good location, near Hyde Park, the subway, nice nightlife, good restaurants.the hotel is an old house remodelated, but basic: no telephone in the room, no chair, the breakfast was basic but ok.considering hotels in london are expensive, this hotel is ok and relatively cheap.	
Jul 10 2009 	Great Location Relatively inexpensive You get what you pay for.	I stayed for 4 nights at the London House.  - Staff: The little interaction I had with them was always pleasant. - Breakfast: Included, but I didn't partake. - Room: I stayed in a Single Room. When they said it was small, they weren't kidding. I think my single college dorm was a little bigger. I had to shut the bathroom door to get into bed. I had to keep my luggage on the floor and stand it up when not using it to save floor space. The bed was my only real furniture besides a night table that was at the foot of the bed. However, the bed was clean but made-up strangely. I had to adjust the sheets each night. My biggest issues were that the room was in the stairwell landing. Part of my floor was slanted for the stairs underneath and I kept stubbing my toe. I'm jealous of the reviewer who got 6 channels on the tv as I only got 4. I actually enjoyed my back alley view and would pop my head out each evening for fresh air and to check out the pedestrians on the main street that was just up the alley. - Bathroom: Small, but clean. A little hard to manuever in the shower as I'm a big girl.  - Rest of the hotel: Not bad, but the carpets in the halls don't instill a sense of cleanliness. I got the idea that maybe a lot of Febreze was used but not a lot of vacuuming. - Location: EXCELLENT location. Great touristy area. Easy access to the Tube's District/Circle lines and the Central Line. Queensway road has tons of restaurants and touristy souvenir shops. Whiteleys Shopping Center on the corner a block from the hotel has a M&amp;S Simply Food for quick snacks and drinks, a Yo! Sushi, and a very useful EasyInternet Cafe only 1 pound/hour. The Post Office is on the opposite corner from Whiteleys. I stayed in Earl's Court later in my trip and came back to this part of town for things.This is a no frills hotel. If you just want a base of operation/place to sleep this is a decent choice.	
Jul 9 2009 	Not happy	If you find this hotel with a VERY VERY good rate and you have a VERY VERY tight budget then go for it. Else, try to find a better place to stay!!!Pros: 1. Location 2. Internet access in the lobby - although expensive (0.50 pounds per 15 minutes) it was convenient for late night and emergency access. Cons: 1. Indiferent staff - borderline rude 2. Never changed the towels in the 5 days we stayed there 3. No hand towels were provided 4. The towel used as floor mat in the restroom had serious yellow stains 5. The bedsheets had hairs all over them 6. The shower was clogged - made us feel like we were taking a bath rather than a shower 7. The restroom shelf on top of the sink was never cleaned - water stains all over 8. The glass cups provided were just repositioned in the restroom shelf without providing clean ones - even if it was evident we had used them i.e. orange juice remains... we wonder if our glass cups were even clean to start with 9. The windows kept banging with the wind - good thing we were on the 2nd floor, else we would have had a hard time falling asleep thinking someone was knocking on our window! 10. Choice of only 6 TV channels 11. No clock or alarm in the room	
Jul 6 2009 	Good value clean excellent location!	Very nice and clean budget hotel. Large 3-bed room for me and my daughters. Breakfast , small but ok. Nice and helpful staf and excellent location between Noting Hill and Queensway. Many nice multicultural restaurants in neighbourhood and great shops in the mall, Whitleys. Great transportation, Bayswater and Queensway undregroudstations, and local busses on Bayswater road. All in short walkingdistance.	
Jul 5 2009 	Small but good value for pricey London.	Relatively close to Bayswater train station and Hyde Park, (well the edge of Hyde Park anyway) makes this a really good base to visit London and all its sites.Hotel located in the center of the tourist hub for budget tourists (so there are a lot of souvenir shops, cheap food outlets (compared to London), and ATMS (accepting most international cards) etc. There is a Marks &amp; Spencer supermarket in the shopping centre around the corner (although quite pricey) contains a very good range of fresh food and “take away” meals, which works out cheaper than eating out.We stayed in a double room in the basement for four nights at the end of May 2009. Room was small, very minimalist. There is a wardrobe which helps a bit, in terms of clearing up space in the room. The bathroom literally fits the shower, basin and toilet. The room and bathroom were exceptionally clean, (which to me is all that matters), and the rooms were serviced every day.Breakfast is included, with the usual option of cereals/toasts and croissants/cheese (don’t get too excited, it was pretty poor) etc. No fresh fruit, juice is effectively cordial.Despite being quite expensive for what you get, compared to other London hotels it is good value for location and service.	
Jul 4 2009 	Clean nice location	We stayed in a family room downstairs and the room was very clean. Shower was awesome. Breakfast was on daily which was bread, crossaints, cereals etc... Very close to bayswater station ans short tube ride into the city. Would definitley reccomend you to stay here!!	
Jun 28 2009 	Small room but good hotel	2 nights in this hotel. Very minimalist tiny room (twin) no space for luggage in the room but clean and a good bathroom. Beware Payment by credit cards (except UK Debit Cards/Switch) is subject to a surcharge of 3 %.No sound from the others room, simple breakfast but good.We are wake up to the noise of hammers and drills at 8:00 (hard!)But for the price is a good value.	
Jun 3 2009 	Fantastic location - great value for your money	I stayed at this hotel in Easter week, four people in two rooms. The rooms were nice and tidy, very small bathroom but good enough for our purpose in London. It's five minutes from Bayswater station and a little further from Queensway station, five minutes from Hyde Park which was absolutely wonderful that week. If you feel like walking to Notting Hill and Portobello Road you can do it in 10-15 minutes. The staff was very friendly and accommodating and all in all we were very satisfied with this hotel. The only thing that wasn't very good was the breakfast which was incredibly dull, the breakfast room is in the cellar and not very nice. But I guess you can always just go one of the coffee shops nearby instead of taking your breakfast at the hotel. That's what we did after two days.If you're in London as a tourist, wanting a place where you can sleep nicely, take a bath and easily get around, this is definitely a great hotel for the money and I recommend highly.	
Jun 2 2009 	london house -awhite castle	london house is a very good hotel. it looks like a castle.the rooms are very clean. i was a little unhappy that my room was at a corner of the basement. the hotel is also centrally located.in fact it is one of the best usp.the receptionists are very coordial.	
May 30 2009 	A nice budget hotel but some things should be changed	We stayed in this nice budget hotel for 4 nights late May 2009. The hotel is certainly worth it's price, the service is nice, the location is excellent, 2 tube stations so near and Queensway just around the corner. The location is very quiet and the renovations didn't disturb us in any way.BUT:We stayed in a twin room and it was a bit too small. The one little table isn't enough,It would be nice to have at least one chair in the room. There should be something in the shower room, where you can hang your clothes. There should be hand towels in the shower room and there should be a shelf for shampoos and soap in the shower. The breakfast should include some vegetables and more varied things for the toast.ANYWAY, we we're quite happy staying in this little hotel. :)	
May 26 2009 	Great location at a reasonable price	We stayed in this hotel for 2 nights during S. Valentine's weekend, and we liked it. The neighbourhood was quiet but nice, filled with shops and restaurants and just two steps away from Bayswater and Queensway tube stations. You can easily go by walk to Notting Hill, Kensington Gardens and Hyde Park. The room wasn't that big but ok for a couple, indeed clean and simple-styled except for the plasma tv (which I thought was out of place). Breakfast was included (there wasn't a lot of choice other than bread, butter and jams) and was ok too. Reasonable price and great location, we will definitely come back.	
May 21 2009 	Tiny room tiny bed but excellent value	This budget hotel is just north of Kensington Gardens, Hyde Park and Bayswater Road, and we found it a convenient location close to Queensway and Bayswater tube stations (on different lines, quite handy), with Notting Hill in walking distance.The staff is friendly and the place is clean &amp; safe. There is renovation underway but it didn't bother us.The room was tiny but had a spotlessly clean bathroom. The bed was even smaller, not really big enough for two, and we are quite small. We had a room on the first floor at the rear of the hotel, and had no noise problems.Breakfast is very basic: toast, bland mini-croissant, jam, cheese, cereal, tea and (bad) coffee. Better to grab a bite to eat on Queensway Road.Still, for the GBP60 per night for a double this was an excellent place to stay.	
May 16 2009 	A very good choice!!	I stayed 7 days there and everything was great.Nice room(not so big), very clean, nice bathroom.All people there were polite and helpful.	
May 10 2009 	Great Hotel!	I just arrived home from a trip to London yesterday afternoon, after spending seven (7) nights at the London House Hotel. I was a bit leery of staying here after some of the more negative reviews; but, I was pleasantly surprised! The hotel is modest, but offers all that a traveler needs.The BreakfastThe spread of food in the free breakfast was delightful! They offer four different kinds of cereal (crispy rice, cocoa crispy rice, corn flakes, frosted corn flakes), cheese (mozzarella, offered only on 4 out of the 7 days), toast (very thin, in both white and whole wheat), croissants (my friend/travel companion couldn’t believe how fresh they were), tea, coffee, apple and orange juice, and various spreads/preserves (little single-serving packets). The food isn’t fancy, but it’s free and tasty.The RoomThe room had its plusses and minuses. The walls were littered with scuff-marks, but these are easily ignored. The bathroom tile in our room was coming off in places, with cracked grout. This was not an issue, as the tile was clean and the bathroom was otherwise very, very nice. The shower, toilet, sink and fixtures look like they were recently updated.Our room was a twin room (two twin beds). I was under the impression that the rooms would be so small that we would barely be able to walk around the beds. To my surprise, the room was a good size; in front of the beds was an extra 4-feet of space. This was more than enough area to sit our bags down and still have a comfortable path to walk. There was also a good-sized wardrobe that we could have fit all of our gear in, with room to spare.There is a television in each room. The televisions receive five channels, ‘BBC One’, ‘BBC Two’, ‘ITV1’, ‘4’, and ‘Five’. This is more than adequate for watching a bit of telly to unwind in the evening. If this does not suffice for you, there is a large-screen television in the lounge, with comfortable chairs and tables to sit at while you watch the satellite/cable channels.The linens are clean and the mattresses comfortable (keep in mind I’m used to sleeping on springs--if you’re used to an upscale Serta or TempurPedic, you may not find it as comfortable).The ServiceThe service is exceptional. The room is tidied daily (bathroom wiped down, coffee/tea replenished, beds made and freshened, floors vacuumed). You only get one towel change during the week (ours was Tuesday); but, as I do not shower everyday, this was not an issue. If you do shower often, you may want to bring an extra towel, as well as a hand/face cloth.The in-room coffee and tea consists of two packets of instant coffee, two packets of PG Tips tea, two creams and a handful of sugar packets. I found, after two days, this was insufficient, so I left a note that said “Please leave extra tea/milks. Thank you!” along with 60p. When I arrived back at the hotel that night, I found four packets of tea and four creams. This became the norm for every subsequent tea replenishing.The front desk staff is also very nice and were willing to answer questions. My friend was in need of a wake-up call one day (my battery-powered alarm I brought from home was on the fritz), and asked the front desk if they could help (no clocks or telephones in the room). The next morning, at 6:50AM (as requested) a knock at the door came to wake my friend up. One of the front desk staff members took the time to come to the third floor to give the wake-up call. This reflects how nice the staff truly is.The LocationThe location is good. The hotel is less than two blocks from Queensway, which is a main thoroughfare offering a Boots (pharmacy), Tesco (small grocery store), and many restaurants. The Bayswater Tube Station is about a five minute walk from the hotel (+/- three blocks down Queensway).OtherThe hotel is currently under construction. I found no problems with noise. My only qualm about the construction was that the main entrance shifted from one door to another. This was not an issue as everything was clearly marked and there were signs everywhere telling you how to get to reception.Overall, this hotel was great! The price, compared to other London hotels, is fantastic. Please consider this hotel for your next stay in London.	
Apr 24 2009 	Good value for money central location safe clean and with friendly staff	I spent only one night at the London House Hotel in Bayswater, and it was very good value for money. I paid £ 56 for a single room, but they upgraded it to a double. The room was very spacious, clean and modern. The only thing I was missing in the room, was a whole figure mirror and a chair or equivalent to put clothes/luggage on. The staff was friendly and serviceminded. The location was good, in a fairly quiet street, close to Bayswater underground station. The hotel has a pick-up service that comes to the hotel and takes you to the airport. I think it was worth £ 15 not having to drag my luggage on to the Heathrow Express train or underground. The minibus dropped me off right outside the correct terminal.I had to leave very early so I couldn't have breakfast so I can't say anything about their food. All in all, I'm very satisfied with the hotel and will definately stay there again when I go to London.	
Apr 20 2009 	Good value great location decent room.	My teenage daughter and I spent three nights at the London House in mid-April. I've stayed in budget hotels in London before, so I was braced for what we'd find, and was neither happily surprised nor disappointed: the room was cramped and the amenities minimal, but it was mostly clean and the beds were comfortable enough. On the negative side: no closet (just a small and cheaply-made wardrobe and two small nightstands); tiny bathroom with no shelfspace for toiletries; one smallish bath towel for each guest (no hand towel or washcloth). The room itself was clean, though the walls were scuffed and stained; the toilet seemed to have been cleaned rather carelessly before our arrival. I could feel the springs in the mattress when I ran my hand over it, but I found the bed surprisingly comfortable for sleeping. (Other reviewers have been less pleased with the beds, so obviously YMMV). The breakfast, which is included in the price, is minimal (toast, cheese, pastries, suspicously pale orange juice, coffee, hot chocolate), and is edible but not at all interesting. On the positive side: unlike most hotels, this one has space under the beds for suitcase storage (though they don't vacuum well underneath). We paid about $110/night for two people, which is very good for a Zone 1 London location; the Bayswater Tube station is just around the corner, and the Queensway station just a couple of blocks beyond that. There are plenty of restaurants, shops and markets very close by, and the neighborhood is pleasant. The Portobello Road market is about one mile away, an easy walk. I found the desk staff to be pleasant and efficient; we were able to check into our room at about 11:00 in the morning upon our arrival, which was a pleasant surprise, and they were helpful and responsive when we had a problem with the bathroom exhaust fan. Overall, next time I'll probably spend a few more bucks and get a nicer place if I'm traveling with family members, but if I'm by myself this hotel is absolutely fine.	
Apr 19 2009 	Comfy room	The room was comfy with a nice sized bathroom. The price is also very reasonable. The only bad experience I had was that the fire alarm went off 3 times in an hour..highly annoying! other than that I enjoyed my stay there.	
Apr 10 2009 	Absolutely Fantastic great value for money	The London House Hotel provided me and my family with the perfect stay. Firstly, the location was excellent and very central. It is within two minutes walk of two underground stations as well as five minutes walk to Hyde Park. Also down the road from the hotel is a very nice shopping centre. It was very easy and quick to get to all the tourist sites staying at this hotel. When we first came to the hotel we were very suprised by the cleanliness and design of the hotel as the room prices were cheap. In fact all the rooms had been newly decorated and our bedroom had a new and very clean bathroom. There is also a new cafe at the hotel and a lobby with a big plasma TV and internet service, so we enjoyed having a drink in the lobby with the children when we got back from touring. The hotel service was very friendly and there is also a brand new lift. I would very much recommend this hotel to anyone as it is very good value for money. It was the cheapest place I could find in London which was of a high standard, as London is a very expensive place to stay the prices here were very reasonable. I will defintely be visiting here again.	
Apr 10 2009 	most uncomfortable mattress!	My daughter and I are just back from this hotel and my back is still suffering! The lumpiest mattress that I have ever slept in in one of the smallest rooms! I did sleep to the management and he has assured me that they are replacing all the mattresses- not before time. There is a lot of external work going on at the moment so scaffolding on the front of the hotel and they start early in the morning. We were on the ground floor at the back so heard them talking as if they were in the room with us!The breakfast was very limited, toast, croissants and cereals. Good coffee though so I would advise you to buy some fruit or juice at the nearby shops. Whiteleys on the corner has some lovely restaurants and delis.Another thing I noted was that we got one towel each which was to do us for the three night stay so take a hand towel with you!	
Mar 23 2009 	Would definitely stay here again	Firstly, in response to the previous review, I found the breakfast fine and quite varied. These days many hotels do not include breakfast at all, so I was happy with it. There were croissants, toast, yogurts, juice (strange tasting as it was), coffee, tea and three cereals - not bad for a 2-star.Yes, the rooms are small - but immaculately clean. Hairdryer, television, linen, soap, tea and coffee facilities are included - again, hardly standard in a 2-star.I loved the location and found the staff perfectly nice. I was sad to have to leave and stay in a grotty hostel for the next 2 nights of my few days in England.	
Mar 17 2009 	Cozy clean good for the price	I was travelling alone on the way back from Spain, so I was trying to find a hotel with easy access from Paddington Station and with elevator.This hotel is only about 5min on taxi from Paddington Station and easy to find.It has elevator but you may need to go up several stairs if your room is located in between the floors.The room was small single room,Single en-suite, but the shower and toilet room was clean and nice.As the hotel is located close to quiet residencial area, it was quiet enough for a good sleep.The breakfast is only with thin toasts with jam, tasteless cheese, coffee and fruit juice.Anyway, I didn't expect much for foods so it was acceptable and good enough so I don't need go out to buy.I saw some people just bought some nicer bread or something and eat there.There are 3 PCs you can use with coins so that you can check your e-mails.If you are looking for a clean cozy hotel close from Paddington but more quiet area,I recommend you to try here. ;-)	
Mar 11 2009 	Sadly disappointing	I had read the previous reviews about the rooms being small and the continental breakfast leaving a lot to be desired and this didn't bother us so we booked for a 3 night stay to celebrate our wedding anniversary. Yes the rooms are spotlessly clean, the bed comfy, the view from our window overlooking the garden was pretty and the location was fantastic (we always book for the Bayswater/Notting Hill/Kensington area), but there were a couple of things that just niggled us too much to return here.The breakfast is purely 3 types of cereal (cornflakes, frosties and coco pops) plus toast and preserves and really is the bare minimum of the word &quot;continental&quot; so we didn't even bother eating here. If they provided fruit, museli, croissants, ham - anything like this it would have been a great improvement.Yes the rooms are small which is OK but it would have been nice to have a chair to sit on instead of watching TV on the bed as there is just enough room. I know you don't go to London to spend time in the room (which is why we booked a cheaper hotel), however sometimes you just need to take the weight of your feet and rest from all the walking/sightseeing you have done during the day but obviously this is purely our preference and may not bother other people.The main bug-bear we had was with the unnecessary little noises. I will give you an example; because the hotel is small and the doors aren't spring locked, whenever anyone walks in and out of their hotel room during the day/night the door doesn't close quietly and you can always here what is going on which can become rather annoying. If the doors were fitted with slow-closing spring locks this would have avoided the problem. Another issue was with the builders who started sanding at 8am and banging at 9am which isn't very nice when you are laying in bed, however to be fair, we were aware there would be building work at this hotel when we booked it, we just didn't expect to be woken at 8am! Worse than this was the noise of the cleaning staff shouting at each other down the corridors at 8.30am, this really was unacceptable, also when getting into the lift with our luggage as we were due to depart we had to wrestle for the space in the lift with the cleaning staff when any good hotel with good customer service knows the guests come first, especially when they have luggage. At one point we didn't know if my husband would manage to get into the lift with me because they didn't allow him space!I must admit that although the issues which bugged us may seem trivial to some people, I still feel the need to paint a complete picture with all the positives as well as negatives purely because the combination of factors annoyed us enough to make the decision not to return here. We have stayed in many hotels in London within this price range so I know we aren't asking for too much when we don't want to be woken by shouting and sanding! I do find it a great shame that these things happened as it would have been a place I would have loved to return to, but next time we will choose a hotel in the same square but across the road as there were other options.	
Feb 28 2009 	Great value great location! Will come back!	This hotel is a budget hotel. I was weary of staying here after reading some of the reviews....but I was very pleasantly surprised. The hotel's location is perfect (right by the bayswater tube line, which takes you to the circle tube line (subway line) and the cirlce line goes EVERYWHERE). Its in a nice area that was safe to walk around in at night, very quiet and clean. The rooms where extreemely clean and even thought it was obvious they where furnished on a budget (all ikea stuff), everything was well taken care off. Bathroom was more than adequate, they had a coffee pot in the room and even a blow dryer in one of the drawers. The only complaint I would have is that the bed was EXTREMELY squeaky. Just turning on the bed made a raquet. And the walls where thin, so we could hear the neighbor's bed squeaking too..but the truth is, you're so exhausted at the end of the day from sightseeing that you just crash anyway.It was definetely a good value, and I will come back if I have to go back to london on a budget.	
Feb 22 2009 	Great location on a budget	London House is was one of the most reasonable &amp; conveniently located hotels I could find, considering the various reviews I had seen.I booked a double room and got one on the 2nd (U.S. 3rd) floor and it was quite basic and clean with a view of the park although not very spacious. Housekeeping seemed to be every other day although tea &amp; coffee service in the rooms were checked regularly which was nice. Breakfast was included although nothing extravagant but great if you're on a budget since you could eat as much toast, cheese, or cereal as you wanted.The location is great with Queensway a short walk away (Bayswater is an extra few minutes but it's right on the Central Line that will take you to most major areas) not to mention a 10-15min walk to Notting Hill AND a one station stop (or about a 20min walk) away from Paddington Station, perfect for catching the Heathrow Express/Connect to Heathrow Airport. There are also many restaurants, grocery/convenience stores, currency exchange spots, as well as the beautiful and spacious Hyde Park.The only downside was perhaps the noise from the washroom fan which would run for a good 20-30 min after the lights were turned off (although there's a switch above the door which tells you NOT to turn it off) and there was one night we had noisy neighbours.This is a simple hotel so if you just need a place to sleep after a day of seeing the city then this should do just fine.	
Feb 2 2009 	Good for Money but Noisy	Good location right next to Bayswater tube and a little further to Queensway. My only concerns were building work being carried out on the front of the hotel. This started at 9am most mornings which was not nice to wake up to the noise of hammers and drills.The rooms are quite small. In our group we booked a single, a twin and a double. The double was the smallest room with the twin and single being much bigger.I would stay again because of the price (£50 a night aint bad in london), but would probably ask for a room at the back of the hotel to avoid the noisy construction work.	
Dec 28 2008 	Excellent hotel	Stayed for 3 nights 20th-23rd Dec and after reading some of the earlier reviews I didn't quite know what to expect. I was pleasantly surprised and happy with our stay. The hotel is easy to find, just a few minutes from Paddington to Bayswater, a few minutes up the road and you're there, a very central location for all your London needs. The reception staff were welcoming and the room, although small was perfectly adequate and above all very clean and comfortable, we were up on the third floor and had a nice view of the garden square below which is quiet with little traffic. Breakfast is basic, toast, jams, cereals, cheese, croissants, juice and hot drinks but you can have as much or as little as you like and we found it to be quite sufficient to start off the day. The only negative thing I will mention is that the double lock on the inside of the room door was faulty so couldn't be locked, I reported this to reception within an hour of being there and nothing was ever done about it, I wouldn't have minded but being that it was just me and my 5 yr old son I would have felt more secure being able to double lock the door. Saying that I never felt unsafe in this hotel but my sister and her partner were able to get in and come up to my room at gone 10pm at night without any challenge from reception. Despite this slight security issue I would not hesitate to stay at the hotel again, the value was excellent, the room was good and the stay was pleasant., they have a secure luggage room to store your bags on day of departure which was handy as check out is a rather early 10.30am. A really great budget hotel in a central location without the cheap feel to it. Would recommend this hotel and as a regular visitor to London will definitely consider again.	
Dec 19 2008 	Absolutely Perfect Budget Accomodation	This Hotel is absolutely fantastic for the budget traveller. I was a bit wary reading some of the reviews but I have nothing but good things to say about the hotel. They are doing renovation work and we stayed in one room, at the back of the hotel which was a little noisy in the morning but nothing too bad. I stayed there last week aswell(before booking another room this week) and that room was great. The rooms are so so clean and the shower is fabulous! The reception staff really were excellent....very very friendly and helpful! The location is so perfect too! Definately will stay here again!	
Dec 19 2008 	good location good budget hotel	Can't complain about our stay at London House. It is excellently located close to Bayswater and Queensway tube stations and bus stops, in a very nice square. Our room was below street level, but clean and relatively roomy. Ensuite was a decent size and the wardrobe had wooden hangers. Breakfast was simple but perfectly adequate, and we had no problems with the staff. The walls are a bit thin (we could hear the neighbour sneeze),so bring ear plugs if you're a light sleeper! Otherwise, I would recommend this hotel to anyone on a budget. Around the hotel, there are many local restaurants, a shopping centre and shops for basic needs - laundromat, chemist, post office, souvenir shops... it's also walking distance to notting hill and hyde park.	
Dec 8 2008 	Good for the price	We booked a room just few days before going to London in what turned out to be a very crowded weekend, so I guess we were very lucky. The Hotel is located in a quiet place, very close to Bayswater tube station, so one can move easily around. The room was very small but comfortable and reasonably clean. The girls at the reception were nice and friendly, excepted the one that we met in the morning of our arrival (6th december)...may be she had a bad day? The breakfast is the only bad point of our stay (quite poor), but we think we will come back.	
Nov 13 2008 	new budget hotel clean continental breakfast	We booked a room w/ AC at this newly remodeled budget hotel in a fantastic london location. We easily walked to the Tube, to Notting Hill, Hyde Park, etc. great locale. Price is appropriate for London, and it is a budget hotel but with a nice look and feel. I would recommend it. Breakfast was continental, but quite nice w/ very average coffee.	
Nov 11 2008	Decent Budget Hotel	We stayed at the London House Hotel in Oct for 2 nights. It's your basic budget hotel, but is well situated less than 5 mins walk from Bayswater Tube and shops/ cafes. Rooms were comfortable, although the bed wasn't. Staff were friendly and helpful and the breakfast room great. Would recommend as a cheap option for a short term stay in London.	
Oct 26 2008 	What more could you ask for	This is a budget hotel. We stayed for 1 night and it cost about GBP65 (double room, two ocupants). The hotel is clean and modern. Staff were freindly and accomodating. The room, with en-suite facilities, was compact but clean and perfectly functional. The room has TV, Air conditioning and tea &amp; coffee making facilites. The only issue that I had with the room was that the air con control was beside the wardrobe so it wasn't possible to see what the buttons were for. One other fault I would pick with this hotel is that the breakfast was a bit rubbish, it says continental breakfast but all you get is some toast (if you can call it that, it was more like slightly warm bread), some cheese slices and jam/marmalade. Tea, coffee and squash. If you want a decent breakfast go find a cafe nearby. There are still building works going on at the hotel but this isn't an issue as they only carry out the work during normal working hours. All in all I was very satisfied with this hotel and would go back there again. The hotel offers excellent value for money. If you want some fancy luxury hotel book into the Hilton (or similar), if you want mega cheap accomodation go to a hostel. If you want a good value hotel go to the London House Hotel.	
Oct 18 2008 	Great location and service	Situated in the Bayswater area, the London House Hotel is nearby nearly everything.It takes about 5 minutes to walk from the tube station (Bayswater,District and Cirlce Line) to walk to the hotel.On Queensway you can find lots of restaurants, shops and pubs.I stayed 2 nights and had a single room. My room (LL1) was situated at the back of the hotel and was between 2 floors.My room was small, but very comfartable. The bathroom was okay in size.The hotel has a locked room to store your luggage.I found staff very friendly and above all helpfull. I was one of the stranded travellers affected by the fire in the tunnel. They provided me with all the necessary information and tips.I visit London quite often and have never stayed at the same hoteltwice. When returning I shall look for promotions at this hotel as I enjoyed my stay here. I would also recommend it to others.	
Oct 15 2008 	Good value for money	I spend at least 2 nights a week in hotels in the price bracket of this one, and I can say that I have not found a better one in London so far. The facilities are basic, but at least everything is generally working and in good condition. It has obviously been renovated fairly recently, which helps put it a cut above the rest of it's peers.I haven't sampled the breakfast, as at this price, I'm unlikely to want it, but for somewhere cheap &amp; clean to get your head down, it's pretty good.Location is good, short walk from Bayswater tube, and close to restaurants, shops and parks.	
Sep 28 2008 	Horrible bed aweful hotel!	This hotel is in a decent location and has clean rooms and bathrooms. However, the bed was aweful. We almost fell off of it because the matresses were so bad. Besides that, they were in the middle of renovating therefore had a lot of noise during the day. Our room vent covers were missing so we could see straight into the walls which creeped me out. On the plus side, it is in a safe area and was right next to a train station. It is affordable for the thrifty traveler. I would not stay here again!	
Sep 27 2008	Liar House Hotel -Don't Stay!	Not only is this hotel a total swamp, the staff lied point-blank about the construction being finished. I contacted a representative in April 2008 who told me the construction would be completely finished in June 2008.So imagine our shock and horror when we arrived in September 2008 after a thirteen hour flight from Seattle.We went to our room to crash and were awakened by what sounded like a wrecking ball bashing the outside window. Then power drills, saws, loud conversation...we opened our window and saw the scaffolding over the outside. We realized we were in a complete construction zone. &quot;No problem,&quot; I thought. &quot;I will go down and show them the email from their staff and get a full refund.&quot; Hardly.Three blank stares and shrugs later, LHH refused to take any responsibility for their actions, let alone give us a refund. They also claimed the fact that the hotel is under construction is stated clearly on their website and on Expedia, neither of which is true. The only thing worse then the uproarious opera of power tools going on outside our room, the construction dust and debri in the hallway, was the staff's cold apathy and duplicitous behavior toward our problem.Exhausted, desperate, and scared we finally called Expedia, who found us a new hotel that night around 5 p.m. Even then, LHH insisted on charging us for two nights, even though being held hostage in a construction site is hardly what I would call consensual patronage. Not only is LHH under such severe construction it should not even be open, the staff is completely cold and uncaring when it comes to taking responsibility for their mistakes.As a result, we spent our first day in London cold, extremely tired, and fighting back tears. This shell-shocked start to a &quot;vacation&quot; was largely due to this blatant bait-and-switch hotel. If you value customer service and want to uphold its global standard, I beg you not to stay here. The only way we can put an end to this kind of breach of common decency is to not give these people our business.	
Sep 18 2008 	good value for money	We stayed there for two nights on march 2007. considering the high cost of London hotel, this hotel gives good value for money. the room is very small but clean. the hotel was renovated two years ago. it is very basic.the location is good.one thing is that when we arrived to London, we lost out luggage. We were very upset and asked for any help from the receptions, but she was not nice at all and sent us to the out of order payphone.the morning after, the other receptionist was much nicer though.I'd come again if I am on budget.	
Aug 23 2008 	LONDON house = LOCATION Location	Hi fellow travelers,My boyfriend and i stayed for 3 nights (19 - 22 aug 2008) at the London House hotel. And we really enjoyed our stay. Yes, the rooms are small, and they are renovating the hotel, but we didn't had any problems with the noise, at 5 oclock they stop working, and if you want to enjoy your stay in London, you won't be in your room anyway.The location is super!! it's a +- 5 min walk to the metrostation bayswater, and a +- 10 min walk to Queensway. And it's a+- 30 min to Heathrow airport.I really recommend this hotel, just alone for the location.Have some dinner at Salvador and Amanda (spanish food) or Chiquito rest bar (mexican food) near leicester square. Nice atmosphere	
Aug 19 2008 	More of a hostel than a hotel	We would never stay here again and don't recommend that you do, but if you are looking for something one small step above a hostel that is cheap by London standards, then this will do.The London House is a fine place to stay if you are used to staying in hostels. It has a backpacker vibe and doesn't really feel like a hotel and, like everything in London, you pay a lot for what you get. On the positive side, the rooms are clean. Ours was small but recently renovated, it even had a plasma tv if you are into that. The location is decent, but not great. There are a few tube stations, Hyde Park, and Oxford Street in reasonable walking distance but the major tourist spots (british museum, westminster abbey, london eye, tower of london, etc.) are quite a trek.On the negative side the beds were horribly uncomfortable and the walls were paper thin so we had a hard time sleeping. There was construction going on all over the hotel and the elevator was broken the morning we stayed there. We also didn't find the staff particularly helpful or friendly. We arrived off an overnight flight and were told that it would be impossible to check into our room a minute before two and that the only place we could wait was in the lounge, where a man was in the middle of very loud renovations with power tools. Eventually we managed to get into the room at around quarter past one but were made to feel as though we had asked a really incredible favor.	
Aug 6 2008 	Nice hotel nice location friendly staff	I just came from spending 3 nights at this hotel. We got a pretty good deal booking through the website directly. The staff was very nice and very helpful. I sent them a couple of emails prior to my arrival and they were prompt to answer. The hotel is in a good location, there are several restaurants around, a nice shopping mall with movies, a couple of parks (Kensington and Hyde Park), and several tube stations within walking distance. The rooms were nice and clean. However there was not a phone in the room (not sure if it was only ours or not). There is some construction going on right now but they only work from about 8:30 am until about 5 pm so it should be okay (unless you are planning on sleeping in). I think they can improve the breakfast a little, it is very basic - only a couple of cereals (Special K and Coco Pops), white toast and croissants. The juice was not that good either, however the coffee was really good. At least it was something to get you going in the morning and at London Hotel prices, I should not complaint too much. The value of this hotel is really good, I would definitely stay there again and would recommend it to anyone. From the airport you have a couple of options (one long way and inexpensive or the short and a little pricey). The long way is taking the Picadilly Line and changing tubes in Hoborn to Queensway - it is easy but it took like a good hour or more and it was hot...but the ride was only $4 pounds per person. On the way back to the airport we had to take an early flight so we decided to go to the Paddington Station and take the Heathrow Express, the ride is pricey $15.50 pounds per person but it only takes 15 minutes and the ride is nice and air conditioned. The Paddington station is about 10 minutes walking from the hotel. If you arrive at Queensway station, when you exit the station make a left and walk until you reach Porchester Gardens (A big shopping mall called Whiteleys' is in the corner) and make a left, then make a right on Kensington Gardens and the hotel is half way on the right side (you will see the number 81 painted on the column outside). Another recommendation, you must go to Tuk Tuk Thai restaurant. I think we ate there almost every day, the food was really good, the portions were big and the prices were very reasonable.	
Aug 1 2008	Pleasantly Surprised!	I booked this hotel after I couldn't get into anything near the Russell Square side of London - what a blessing in disguise!! For the same price as the Royal National (which is not a nice experience) you get much much better accommodation.The room was small but recently refurbished. I wasn't planning to spend a lot of time in the room so its size was just right! The bathroom was also small but clean and fresh. I didn't realise an all you can eat continental breakfast was included so that was a really nice surprise. It was the easiest walk to Bayswater and Queensway stations which meant you had easy access to the whole of London. Also, this hotel was in a nice area, it felt safe, there were plenty of shops and restaurants in walking distance. All in all this was a good value for money hotel in an excellent location. Would definetely stay here again.	
Jul 29 2008 	Very nice!	Really nice hotel. Clean and helpful staff.	
Jul 16 2008 	Great Hotel Perfect Location	Loved this hotel. Comfortable beds, fantastic shower, spotlessly clean. Front desk staff was extra helpful. They have coin-slot Internet access - very useful! Only two blocks away from the underground station serving two major lines.Have seen some reviews mention small rooms. Yes, the rooms are smaller than your average US hotel. Nearly every hotel we stayed at while in the UK had very small rooms. Just keep in mind when these buildings were originally constructed.Scaffolding for improvements were up during our stay, but they kept construction to workday hours so we were never disturbed by it.Thanks for a great stay!	
May 19 2008 	Great place to stay	Stayed here for a week in total after extending a couple of times during our stay. Most of the staff were very accommodating and helpful. We were aware of the renovations taking place, so that wasn't a suprise, but no sleeping in. They are finished by 5pm anyway. Rooms are light and a decent size, comfy bed and nice linens provided. Breaky was simple, nice big clean breakfast room. Location was great. Main road of Bayswater 100m away with anything you could possibly need (try Tuk Tuk thai restaurant) and the circle line tube also really close. This place will be fantastic once all the reno's and noise stops (if they still keep the prices reasonable). Try and get a room facing the street/park as there is a lovely view and lots of light in these rooms. I think it's a top find for affordable, pleasant accommodation right in the middle of London. We will be coming back.	
May 14 2008	fine hotel for city trip	I've just returned from a 4-day city trip to Londen where I stayed in the Londen House Hotel (room 102). Before going, I've read several reviews about this hotel on tripadvisor and found out that 50% is positive and 50% is negative, so that didn't help me in making my choice.First of all: I had a great time in Londen and in staying in the London House hotel.The hotel is being renovated at this moment (14 may 2008) and therefore not all the rooms will be ready yet. Our room renovatedon the first floor had already been. It was not large but large enough. The bathroom with shower was nice and the double bed was fine for sleeping purposes. Of course there are some things the hotel can/should still improve. Most important are: breakfast (I misted some meat and other breakfast stuff like ham and cheese), tv reception is bad, the mattrass, which is far from comfartable. I've slept on the quilt instead of underneath it, because you could feel the springs pricking in your back. the walls: theire not really thick so you can hear your neighboors if they are noisy (we only experienced that the last night).positive: the location: it's very close to whiteleys shopping centre (which is also begin upgraded). And close to 2 underground stations (queensway and bayswater), and both Hyde park and Kensington Gardens. the staff: which is very kind and helpfull.Overall experience is good. Extra positive point: unlike some other hotels, the london house hotel has a luggage room where you can leave your luggage after you've checked out, so you can go sightseeing your last day without carrying around al your suitcases etc.	
May 4 2008 	Good hotel - the value is hard to beat!	The 3 of us stayed at the London House Hotel from 14th to 16th of April. The location was excellent. It takes only 5 minutes to Bayswater station and 7 minutes to Queensway station on foot. There was basically no problem with the staff. As I could tell, mostly Polish people work there. ...and some of the girls were very pretty. There was also a French guy at the reception or at least he spoke with a French accent. He was not rude, he only answered my questions in short sentences. Maybe some people take that as rude, but it was fine with me. I personally don't like giggly receptionists. (Especially giggly men as I am a man, too :-))The rooms were clean. I really liked the bathroom, as it was brand new. Simple, a bit small, but clean.  The room we stayed at was a triple room on the 3rd floor. The hotel has a nice new elavator, which was perhaps the main reason we chose this hotel. It is true, that the rooms are not spacious. The 3 beds were a little bit jammed in the room. However, if you want to stay in a big room, you should spend 150 pounds or maybe just stay at home. BUT if you want to see London and stay at a reasonably priced place in a very convenient location, then London House Hotel is the place for you.	
Apr 27 2008 	Don't stay here	I have just come back from a three night stay in London at this hotel. The only good thing about it is the location. The room they gave us was in the basement (B2) with a small sash window looking onto a tiny dingy courtyard wih the street overhead. The room was so small - it would have passed for a small single room but there were four bunk beds in it. It resembled a prison cell. It was uncomfortable as there was no bedside table or lamp - only the central light at the entrance. There was no telephone. It was clean. The bathroom had the smallest sink I've ever seen.The walls were so thin you could hear every single action from the next room. The fire exit was a very narrow exit through bars on the windows (only for thin people).Some of this discomfort would have been redeemed had the staff been even a little pleasant at any time during the stay. But from the moment we arrived, we received universal unfriendliness from the staff. From the reception staff to the breakfast to the cleaning staff, I've never met such an unfriendly lot in a service industry.This hotel is at the level of a youth hostel. Kids might be less concerned about these matters and be prepared to accept the discomfort for the location. For everyone else, I would say this is a no no.From a very disgruntled traveller	
Apr 20 2008	Great Value	Fantastic Location and very near Bayswater train station.Value for money for the private ensuite we got! Quite pretty with a flat screen TV. Our only complaint is that the sink was very low - Like for children's height.Breakfast was good and decent too though simple.Would choose to stay there again.	
Apr 19 2008 	Good Hotel Great Value!	I booked this hotel slightly apprehensively from reading other reviews on Trip Advisor, but we managed to get a double en-suite room for £55 direct from the hotels website so I thought we'd risk it.We arrived at Bayswater tube station (easy to get to from both Euston &amp; St Pancras as there all on the circle line) and were quite impressed with Bayswater high street as it had lots of shops , pubs, restaurants &amp; fast food places. The hotel's location is facing a small park in a very posh looking area, just off the high street and is only about 5 mins walk (or less) from the tube.Walking into the hotel you could tell that everything was new and very stylish (lots of wood, Brown leather and LCD TVs). We had to wait a few minutes for our room as we were early to check in (before 2pm). But the girls on reception were friendly and seemed to know what they were doing.We got to the room on the 5th floor (via the brand new lift) and were quite impressed, again everything was new and spotlessly clean. The bathroom was nice, and they provided enough towels and also shower gel &amp; shampoo. The room had a lovely view of the park outside and also had an LCD TV with a few channels.If you are traveling on Business its worth mentioning that the Free WI-FI only seems to work on the lower floors. The breakfast was okay, just simple Brown / White Toast, Jam, Juice &amp; Cereal, they do call it a limited continental after all so I wasn't at all disappointed.When booking the hotel we were informed about the noise, and to be honest were not really bothered by it. The builders started at around 9 and were finished by the time we got back. We didn't come to London to sleep all day, and it wasn't noisy at night, and it obviosly shows the hotels is improving with the work being done to it. The bed was a bit creeky, and I probably could spend a week on it, but for a few days it'd be fine.When we checked out we left our luggage in the free Luggage room, it is locked, but guests have to request the key and go in to get their luggage out, so I wouldn't trust it for valuables as it is not manned by anyone.In summary I had a really pleasant stay in this newly refurbished hotel and paid an excellent price for it. I think it unfair that people are complaining about the Breakfast or the noise as the rates are so cheap. People who require a continental breakfast with croissants, ham cheese etc should go elsewhere (and pay £100+ a night) or why not stop at this hotel, find a Wetherspoons and get a Full English for £2.69 if having a big breakfast is important to you.I would definitely stay at the hotel again (as long as the rates didn't go up too much) as it is in a great area, was clean, comfortable and great value.	
Apr 11 2008	Fantastic!	I really enjoyed my stay with London House Hotel. My room was quite spacious (single room with bathroom) and the bathroom was sparkling it was so clean. The bed was comfortable and the staff were extremely helpful. I would stay here again in a heartbeat, great location and excellent experience. I stayed in a hotel shortly after (in bayswater) and should have continued to stay at london house hotel instead (much bigger room and less noise).	
Apr 9 2008 	A great value	I just came back from a 6 night stay and would definitely book this hotel again. The room was clean with a very nice new bathroom and a shower with great water pressure. The staff was friendly and helpful. The location was convenient with a 5 minute walk to the Bayswater Tube Station and several stores/a mall within easy walking distance. There was a lift that went to all floors and the breakfast seems to have improved over earlier reviews. It would be difficult to find a cheaper hotel in London!	
Feb 23 2008	The worst hotel on earth!!!	We arrived in London jet lagged from Los Angeles to be told that we couldn't check in until 2pm (it was 12pm). We were freezing, tired foand cold and the reception staff were extremely unwelcoming - they couldn't even crack a smile. We finally got our room (small, but clean) and as soon as we sat down on the bed the construction started - from 8am - 5pm every day (yes and on weekends) we were subjected to constant banging, drilling. My jet lagged lasted r a week due to the fact that we just couldn't catch up on sleep because of this construction.The walls were extremely thin and it seemed like our neighbours were sitting in our room with us.The only good thing about the hotel was the location - Bayswater is lovely and there are plenty of other hotels in the area. I would strongly suggest that you AVOID this hotel. The only reason we stayed was because we had already paid on arrival and they wouldn't give us a refund.	
Feb 15 2008 	Half term stay.	There isn't a lift but we were offered the assistance of a chap who worked there,if I was on my own with my child then I would've accepted. No lift and we were on top floor. Rooms had cracks on the wall and only a kettle (so take your own tea/coffee/milk) We had to pay a refundable £5.00 for the hairdryer and £10.00 for the remote control.The television in our room wasn't tuned in properly(ghosting) and the channels not where they should be. The milk for the cereal was warm(most people liked it that way apparently) almost toasted bread. The beds are made everyday but towels are not changed daily. It was a good base to see a show and get out &amp; about.  Good: We had a problem with a hole without a grill and the noise was awful from the other bedroom,after reporting it to the night manager it was fixed before we got back the following night.Bad: If you want natural air-conditioning then ask for room 417- as there was a gap at the top of the window. They are old sash windows and not double glazed.	
Feb 11 2008 	just fine	We checked before - renovation they advertase advance. So no surprise there. Noise started at 7 am but who wants to spend day in hotel anny way?It was clean, not to expensive and rooms are just renovated so it is big plus.Breacfast was tosted bread, butter and jam. There is coffe, milk, tee, hot chocolate - with water and some kinde of juice too.Location is great, aria is cute and near bus and subway. Hyde park not far too. Excelant for budget travelers that need night rest and clean room.	
Feb 3 2008 	London House was fine.	We stayed at the london house for 4 days and we found our stay was pleasant, the rooms were small and i would advise any one who is larger than average to be wary because the bathroom we had offered little room for moving about even though my girlfriend and i are of quite slender builds. the position was ok with easy access to the tube and just down the road from kensington gardens. the staff were polite and were happy to help us with whatever we needed. there is no elevator this wasn't a problem for me but i did see some people having some trouble. the breakfast was only a large communal bowl of cornflakes and some questionable toast i can see why some would complain but for me it was fine, over all i was happy with the london house and would stay there again.	
Jan 23 2008 	Stay Away!!!!!	We saw a completely different hotel at their web site. We were told on arrival they were renovating the place, but forgive me, why hadn't they told us that in advance? There is no lift and no one to help you with your luggage. They didn't even care that I was walking with a cane. All of the hotel was dirty and dusty because of the ongoing constructions. The rooms were at least clean but the linen stained. We were given a small towel each that of course was never changed during our 4 days stay. We were asked for a 10 pound deposit for the remote control of the TV. That was the first time I'd heard of s.th like this.The breakfast was just warm toast with jelly and something that reminded of coffee.The place is very close to the tube and to a very nice shoping centre but bear in mind the whole area is packed with hotels, most of them look nicer and affordable.	
Nov 22 2007	London House Hotel	I went there in September 2007; despite some big and noise work in progress, stay there was fine.Good:room clean and with a good view over a garden; breakfast in great quantity; location; kind staff.Bad: no elevator	
Nov 9 2007 	Avoid the London House rip off!	Don't be fooled by this one's promises!! We booked through travelstay.com and won't use them again. They obviously didn't check this place out. Or if they did, they didn't care! We reserved the &quot;best&quot; room with private bath. What we got was a 9 x 9 room with a very tight bathroom. Outside our window in the morning - at 7:00 - 7:30 we got loud construction and exhaust fumes from trucks, and noise from the kitchen downstairs and loud music and conversations. Walls are paper thin, you will here everyone and everything!! The &quot;laundry facility&quot; consist of a tiny dirty room with one washer and one dryer to be shared by 90 rooms, so don't expect to use that ever, and I'm not sure you would want to. There's no coffee or tea in the lobby, that's bull. Continental breakfast is toast and jelly, and if you are lucky, a luke warm cup of something from a machine resembling coffee. Truly a desperate person's meal. The bed linens were stained and had hairs on them. You got one very small thin bath towel, but no others. Manager and many staff members were foreign, not British, so hard to understand and deal with. Not the least bit polite or accommodating. Didn't care about construction noise and told us they were remodeling the hotel and we should not have booked there if we didn't expect noise and inconvenience! There are so many other places available so don't settle for this lousy place.! Transportation in and around London is very easy and you would do better to stay a few miles away and hope the tube or train in. We moved on to a better hotel and took the train into central London each day and it was easy and sooo much more comfortable at a nicer place!!	
Oct 29 2007 	London House: First rate for a one star hotel	I booked the London House through Expedia with some good discount. There were no hotels with this excellent location even near this price range. I'd read some positive reviews bout the hotel on Trip Advisor and was even more pleasantly surprised on my arrival. The Double room overlooked the quiet gardens and gave a taste of the Georgian architecture suurounding Kensington gardens. It was clean with some basic furniture. The ensuite bathroom was beautifully tiled with a great shower. (Belive me I've seen some monstrous excuses for bathrooms described as &quot;en-suite&quot; in my time. The staff were really friendly. I wasn't expecting much for breakfast having visited Calfornia over the summer and getting 1/2 a tepid cup of vacuum flask coffee. Again I loved the fact that the coffee and OJ were limitless. Downside cornflakes, tepid whole milk and white toast aren't really my bag. Again if you are travelling on a budget you can't really expect much more.	
Oct 23 2007 	hostel masquerding as a hotel	this place was clean and my room was recnently refusbished, with new bathrooms paint and carpet.there is no elevator so if you have luggage this can be an issue.i booked a double room with ensuite so i didnt have to share.the location is very good, just 5 minutes walk to bayswater or about 7 minutes to queensway tube stationswould reccomend if travelling on a budget	
Oct 10 2007 	Even for inexpensive place it should be better	After all the reviews I’ve seen, I still decided to go for it – I could not find online any other place within this price range. Even though the location is very convenient – close to the touristy shopping areas, Hyde Park and the Tube stations I would forgo it for the better accommodations.Warning! If you traveling with a lot of luggage, the place does NOT have an elevator. We had to haul our bags to the 4th floor (which is actually 5th). Staircases are so narrow and steep and we had to watch our steps very carefully (even without luggage) to do not stumble down…The room was a size if a closet with one bank bed. It did not even have a chair (and there probably was not enough room for one) to sit to put on shoes – the top bank was too low so that it is very uncomfortable to sit hunching on the bottom bank. We each got only one towel which they never changed for 4 nights. The sheets had holes, but looked clean although the colors were kinda odd. And they provided one little soap bar only at the check-in, and I never saw another soap after this was gone. So if you are thinking to stay there bring your own soap and shampoo.The floor carpet was old and spotty.Some toilets did not flash and the some showers did not have a changing compartment. So you are wet and naked have to open the shower door to get to your towel and clothes while someone can be passing by.However, I glimpsed into other rooms, and some of them seem much better – newer and lighter and cleaner. So never know what you get…Breakfast was very limited. They offer corn flakes cereal only, milk, toasts and tiny packs of jams (three varieties). They only had toasts of white cheap bread, did not even offer whole wheat. Coffee from a coffee machine, and OJ from a machine.And the construction is still going on!The good part was that I did not have to spend much time there – leave farely early and come back late.Even if you are on a tight budget, you might want to reconsider for 20 more pounds/ night a better accommodation.	
Sep 17 2007 	Clean and pleasant surroundings	After reading some of the reviews for London Hotels, I was more than a little wary of what to expect. Our double room on the second floor was a little smaller than others I've seen but clean, fresh and very presentable. If what you are looking for is a convenient, inexpensive base in London, this is very suitable. Away from the main road, the rooms are quiet and the front overlooks a central garden. It is a short walk to the Bayswater and Notting Hill underground which adds to the convenience. The bathroom was modern and spotless and I was very surprised when we came back to find out towels had been changed and the bed made - more than I'd expect from a hostel! The front desk staff are very helpful - we were given extra pillows as soon as they were requested and there is a handy internet area just off the reception.There is evidence of some refurbishment going on which made the stairs look a little messy but not an inconvenience to us. There is a kettle in the rooms but no tea/coffee etc so remember to bring your own. All in all it added to a wonderful stay in London and I would recommend it.	
Sep 10 2007 	No exchange of towels or bedsheets for 4 nights!	I booked the hotel for relatives and the double room was tiny and they put a very awful rotten flatable 3rd bed in. The room was spotless clean and newly re-done with a small flatscreen TV on the wall and two twin beds despite the fact we booked a double room with a 3rd bed. Bathroom was ensuite with a shower only but as well newly re-done and clean.It was disappointing that the bedding sheets were were outworn and not changed once in 4 nights neither did they get any towels replaced. After complaining they were advised that the bedding sheets get only changed every 6 nights!Location wise it is fine - quiet side road and in walking distance to Bayswater and even Queensway Tube Station.If you only stay for a couple of nights and want a clean small quiet room than it should be ok. But if you stay longer then you are better off staying somewhere else unless you want to sleep in the same bedding sheets and keep using the same towels for 6 day/s/nights!	
Jul 19 2007 	Good location 	We stayed at the London House Hotel on our way back from Greece. It is in a good location not far from the Bayswater tube station in a very quiet, residential neighborhood. The hotel has a little bit more of a &quot;hostel&quot; feel to it, but we stayed in a double room with an en suite bathroom and had a great experience. When we checked in, there were lots of younger looking people in the lobby and construction workers running around. The hotel is doing lots of renovating so parts of it look very old and torn up (ie: old paint and carpet). I was a little hesitant when we started up to our room, but we were on one of the floors that had been completely re-done. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if we were the first people to stay in this room. There was still sawdust in the corners. It was big for London hotel rooms, had a brand new flat screen tv, new furniture and a beautifully tiled (and spotlessly clean) bathroom. My only issue was with the outlets in the room (they were numerous - amazing) but my adapter plug didn't fit. One of my prongs was shaped just a little differently. I've used my adapter all over London and never had that problem before. It wasn't a big deal since we were there in the summer and only for one night. Might have been an issue if we were there longer and I had to dress up for something. Other than that, we had a great experience.	
Jul 3 2007 	Great location and cheap	Great location, in an amazing neighbourhood (Bayswater), and 5 minutes walk to two underground stations (Bayswater and Queensway). Clean rooms, nice people, good price... Maybe the breakfast could be better, but averall, highly recomendable!	
May 19 2007 	Both good and bad	We stayed in this hotel for four days at the end of April and again in early May after travelling around England. We had the double ensuite rooms. Both rooms were freshly renovated with nice, new bathrooms (good showers). Beds were comfortable and our rooms looked out over Kensington Square Gardens. In this room you will get a bed, one bedside cabinet with drawers, and one wardrobe. There's also a good, wall mounted TV and an electric jug. No coffee/tea or UHT milk provided.Unfortunately, the second room had ants, so don't leave perishable food out. Speaking of food, breakfast consists of cornflakes, white toast, butter, jams, tea, coffee, juice and milk. It is not healthy food so you might want to get some fresh fruit salad from Tescos or M&amp;S to supplement breakfast.You can wash and dry your clothes in self-service machines which are through a mini labyrinth of doors and corridors.There's nowhere to sit other than the bed so it's not a place for staying put for long. The staff are friendly, but not very helpful. Most are not native English speakers. In fact, the hotel seemed more like a European youth hostel so you'll hear a lot of German and French but not much English. There are a few internet PC's in the foyer which is really handy. The hotel is in a brilliant location, really close to a mall with M&amp;S supermarket. It's only a few minutes walk from both Bayswater and Queensway stations and Hyde Park. Although it's a really touristy area, it's well situated for transport.Overall, it was a convenient place to stay and not too expensive for London. Have a good trip!	
Apr 8 2007 	Safe Inexpensive and Great Location!	My sister and I went to London to see LONDON, not to spend time in our hotel room. If you simply need a place to sleep and shower, this is a great hotel! We both agreed that we definitely want to stay here again when we go back! I hope the little list below shows you that the good points about this place outweigh the &quot;bad news.&quot;GOOD NEWS1. INEXPENSIVE: about $80/night. That's the cheapest you will find this close to the smack center of London without having to stay in a hostel!2. SAFE: 2 minute walk to Baywater Station and not scary to be about in this area at night. Plus the locals were friendly. Someone right outside of Bayswater Station helped us find our hotel. If you don't know where Bayswater is -- it's under 20 minutes (on the underground) from anything you will want to see in London!3. CLEAN: Newly refurbished (new carpet, new tile in the bathroom), heater, dresser, TV. We felt safe walking barefoot on the carpet. The bathroom was perfectly clean and they cleaned it everyday when we were out (it costed a little more for a private bathroom, but we didn't want to have to share). And yes the bathroom was small, but so were ALL the restrooms in London! That's how it is in Europe.4. SERVICE: They gave us answers to our questions when they had them, if they didn't we found someone else. (*The train station attendants are VERY knowledgable!)5. INTERNET: one pound will get you 30 min. Not bad I thought. I only wanted to update the unlucky suckers back home about all the fun they were missing!BAD NEWS1. BREAKFAST: their continental breakfast only includes toast (w/butter and jam), cornflakes, milk, coffee and orange juice. We were greatful to be able to save that much more each day, but after a week, we were sick of it *shrug*2. CONSTRUCTION: they were having construction when we were there, but it didn't interfere with our stay in any way. It didn't smell like paint or wood chips. We never heard them hammering or cutting -- we were in our room between 9 and 11p everynight and out of our room by 9am every morning, so at least they never did any banging and hammering between those hours.	
Apr 1 2007	i dislike this hostel	Hi... I stayed in this hostel from 22 to 31 March of 2007with 3 more friends.The room was horrible,too old and not clean.The walls were broken and humid.we stayed 9 nights and they did not change our sheets and towels.Internet access was not free and too expensive.i will not recommend it to anyone.	
Mar 23 2007 	Lovely Stay	We stayed at the London house hotel for six nights in March 2007. We had a triple room en-suite (with private bathroom). The room was fairly small, but we were in an excellent location. This hotel is very convenient to the Tube, bus lines, and Hyde Park. Upon our arrival the hotel management was very apologetic that we could not check in early, even though we arrived at 12 pm, two hours prior to check in. They let us store our luggage though while we ventured out. The breakfast was a standard English breakfast with toast, cereal, coffee, tea, and milk. Also, we asked for an adapter to use for our hair dryer and a pot to warm hot water in our room. On the last two days, we even asked to have a small breakfast ready for 6 am, and the supervisor provided this for us at the front desk. Francessca was great, and the staff was very pleasant and accomadating. Again this hotel is a wonderful buy for London and in a wonderful location. I had no complaints at all. Also, internet service is available for a small fee in the lobby.	
Feb 2 2007	Serious health and safety issues!	How many years has this hotel been doing works while they have guests stay there?Last November I was outside this hotel with a group of fellow guests. we were about to leave for a day out. We heard a loud crash of glass as one of the windows in an upstairs rooms was smashed by a workman. Two people in uniform were walking past, at the time and the pieces of glass landed on one of them.No one came out of the hotel to see what was happening to her.You could see she was very shook by what happened.the men upstairs carried on working even though they knew that someone could be very hurt out side.No body came to see if we hotel guests were okay either. we had been some feet away and could have been hit too. I still wonder what happened to that woman who got covered in glass that morning!	
Jan 29 2007	Cheap Nice Great Location!	This is a great hotel if you are not looking for luxury. It is perfect for college students or budget travellers. No elevator. The staff is friendly and the rooms are fine. Good breakfast and internet service. Lots of fun.	
Nov 19 2006	Crappy	We booked a twinroom with private bathroom at this hotel. Our room arrangement was definitely not designed by sensible people. The beds were lousy and one of the beds was so close to the bathroom, that the bathroom door jammed on the side of the bed when it was open..very cramped!! Wallpaper was torn different places and only one lamp in the ceiling lit the room up. We woke op every morning 7:45 and 8:00 by workmen/dekorators(which is a shame to use the word in this case). It wasn*t worth the effort of going down all those stairs to the basement to have breakfast! Staff were indifferent and halvhearted to help. The place is not recommendable for people with a disability as there is no lift but lots of stairs. The bathroom was so and so but the running water was either burning or icecold. Whatever happened to putting up shelves so guests can have at least their hairbrushes/toothbrushes on them?? Toiletries have to stay in the bag, or on top of the water closet!! And hooks to hang towels on?????On the positive side: the view from our the window and the location of the hotel. Would I stay here again or recommend it to any one? ABSOLUTELY NOT.	
Nov 18 2006 	Good good location	London is a place you are grateful for any normal accomodation so I knew already what to expect.In a room call single were bunk bed, clean enough, no tv, but mirror, sink and teapot. Toilet in a next door. Reconstruction was going but they start from 7.45am only. Breakfest - bread, instant coffee etc.Modest but ok, for easy going and not spoiled.Location is most there!	
Nov 11 2006 	Great hotel! .. not so great constructionm :(	We would have rated them an EXCELLENT but they put us in the room that was next to the new addition they were putting onto the hotel. We made our reservation 7 months in advance, but we still were the only room in this construction area. Other than the 7:45 wake ups with jackhammers and power drills, the hotel was REALLY nice. It is right behind a mall and along the main drag in Bayswater. Great restaurants all around it, and close to the Tube! Ask the desk and they will help you out! Also there's free internet in the hotel and we gfound wireless reached our room too!	
Oct 21 2006 	Not great	The place is Ok, still pretty expensive. Internet slow service slow, Rooms were pretty good, clean but the shared bathrooms were terrible. The drain in the shower didnt drain the water but the toilets Ok. All in all ordinary and overpriced.	
Oct 12 2006 	Very recommendable!	Because we had already some bed accperiance with London Budget Hotels, we were really ?afraid? of this Hotel. But we were surprised!Ok, we also payed a bit more than before, but it was still a good price (90GBP/person/3nights/double en-suite).Me and my friend stayed in the room 702; we reserved a twin ensuite , which was on the day of arrivel not free, so we got a family room, which was really nice. Very clean - accept the blue bedchlothes could be washed fresh!, a lot of furniture,very modern TV:),and the bathroom was also very nice nad clean.The breakfast was good and for me very important: a clean dining room! The stuff was friendly, but we didn´t use their help for going around,beause we already stayed in London for several times.But the best is the location!	
Sep 20 2006 	I got robbed!!!	I was originally planning on staying at this hostel for 2 nights. It's cheap and located in a somewhat decent area. But during my first night there, while I was sleeping, someone came into my room and stole my camera (with all of my pix from my Euro-trip), all of my cash (even my coins), and my credit card, all from my backpack! I told the staff about this, and they couldn't do a thing about it. They only had security cameras in the reception area, not in the hallways. And they didn't really do anything to help me out, even though I was penniless! They just directed me to the nearest police station. It really ruined my first impression of London, but I guess if you're bunking with unknown people in a cheap hostel, you're gonna have to expect some risks. Beware of the crazy people that are staying there, and make sure to safeguard your belongings! Other than that, the beds are ok to sleep on, you get a free towel and soap, and there are different types of showers on different floors... pick the ones that are cleaner and actually have a door. Breakfast is very dull there. I suggest going out and buying a &quot;real&quot; English breakfast.	
Aug 2 2006 	its ok if you need somewhere cheap	I stayed here for a couple of nights because it was the cheapest available room in a convenient location. And the location is great - its in a quiet street, but in Bayswater which is a great suburb - lots of nice cheap food, walking distance to Hyde Park, and very well serviced by public transport. The beds and rooms are fine, my room had its own sink which was good. The showers and bathrooms felt a little seedy (there was no shower head, just a fawcett pouring out water and the floor seemed to be always covered in an inch of water. The staff arent overly friendly, but its cheap, and while its not nice, its fine if you need somewhere cheap.	
Jul 6 2006	Worst ever accomadation	I have never stayed in accomadation as bad as London House. I stayed in london house for eight nights, the kitchen was not suitable for one person letalone 3. The staff cleaned our room when we told them not to. Our room was left unlocked after cleaning.The staff excluding one said one they would do something but would not follow it through.I would never or could not recommend any one staying at London House.	
Jun 25 2006	Not again	I stayed at this hostel with my couple and two more friends in April 2006 for three nights. We booked here cosI have lived in Notting Hill for a couple of years before and knew that it´s location was great so it was the price. We didn´t expect too much as we knew that for that price you couldn´t find not much in London but when we arrived we soon noticed why was it. Nothing to do with the photos they show in the web. That time, they seemed to be refurbishing some rooms and common areas as we saw some building materials as we went throug a narrow corridor to get the luggage room. Hope it was just while they finish they work as it was tiny, bad illuminated, dirty and mouldly inside. We manage to leave our lugagge and leave for a sighseeing til the check in time came. The reception staff (two guys) seemed to laugh at us when we asked to check the room before staying in it but they agreed to do so. My friend and I were shocked just at the first floor with an sticky-floor toilet with the flush running constantly but still not as clean as it should be. The stairs are narrow and carpeted as it´s usual in all the Victorian houses around there but these were old and very bad mantained, not safe enough is you are not full fitted or a bit tired when you come back. Our room was on the top floor (4th i may remember) and it smelled so strong as they had just finished to paint the walls. The front door of the room where cracked and thin. Inside the room (it was a four bed mixed with shared facilities) we found 2 pair of bunk beds, an old and small wardrobe and a basin with a mirror an a shaver light at the top. The window didn´t close properly but the temperature was no bad as we were lucky with the weather and the hostal kept warmth inside. The matresses were old and unconfortable, so thin, as they were the pillows. The sheets were also so much used and washed but still clean, no problem. The basin basic but clean for it purpose. The carpet was stained and not vaccummed for ages. Then the most impressive thing: The common toilets. They were flooded (inside them and also on the floor) and blocked with toilet paper and I-don´t-want-to-know-what-else and the flushes running everytime with no success in keeping them clean. The so called showers were just two pannels to separate the space, with faulty lockers (I must say that the manteinance-man was quick to try to solve and fix the problem) and a water pipe inside with the water running directly onto the floor. The panne dividing the showers dind´nt reach the floor so you could get your feet (please carry flip-flops!) full of the bubbles and dirty water of your shower mate in the cabin next to yours. The breakfast was another thing that surprised us but this time possitively. Nothing special but at least very well attended for the room staff that were attentive and they kept the room in good condition. Not too much space but at least brand new and clean which is what we would like to be the rest of the hostel. I guess you can surf the internet for free although we didn´t use that service. Again it looks to be a very basic hostel for backpackers that don´t mind too much about the place itself and just want to have a rest for a while. Nor for parents, not for anyone a bit scrupulous, not for disabled, not for couples, not for kids. Even though, great location in a very safe and nice neighbourhood close to shops, restaurants, parks, tube station, bus stops and main top attractions in London. And must say that the last day as we collected our luggage (that they kindly kept for till late in the night) we saw by an open door one room which seem to be already refurbished and looked pretty nice all brand new, clean and spotless...nothing to do with our one!	
Jun 10 2006	It was nice	i read the reviews here after I allready booked a room and decided to give it a chance and not only i was not disapointed I was surprize to find out that I didnt find most of the things mentioned in the oter review. Is not amazing but for the price I paid I sure got nice clean accommodation. I stayed in a double room with shower and toilet and it was realy ok. very basic but clean and I saw the team of cleaners every day they tidy my room and when I asked for changing the towels I got new fresh towels imidietly.The staff at the breakfast and at the receprion was friendly and helpfull.It was an ok experience. The only thing is that they were making renovation downstairs so you might here some building noise during the day time but that means soon it will be better.	
Jun 7 2006	Deplorable	This hotel is hotel is unclean and has staff that complains bitterly of its poor wages. The toilets do not flush, and there is an insect problem that left red welts upon my leg. Although the manager claims that pest control has inspected and there is nothing.. The only redeeming quality is that is in a good location and there is free internet, but down the street there are at least 5 other hotels!! I suggest staying in one of those, such as the Phoenix.	
May 31 2006	Disgusting	I don't know what kind of standards the people who liked this place have, but I was utterly disgusted with this hostel, and checked out the very next day. There was no elevator, construction is going in the hallway before you get upstairs, the rooms have no TV, phone, or chair, 1 long window in my single had no curtain (the view was the top of some building with trash and an old barbeque), it was cold, there's only 1 phone to share in their hallway, and though there is free internet, there are only 6 computers, so if they are filled you might as well bring your own laptop. The staff charges for you to use an adapter to plug things up, the toilets are located in random areas, and I was surprised to see a toilet...filled with....stuff...that would not flush. When I went to find a better toilet, it was full of either vomit or pee and the window above the toilet has huge broken gashes. If you can live in anything for a few days, then go for it, because the location is good and it's cheap, but if you appreciate simple, at least half-clean standards for the few days you are vsiting an area, don't book here.	
Apr 30 2006	Terrible and noisy	I went there to visit London, we stayed 5 nights and 3 on 5 nights were terrible, there was a group of teenagers next to our room, because some group from school go to hostel, be aware because they are very noisy! ask before booking if they host school group at the hotel. The room was very small, the bunk bed were not comfortable, I even slept on the floor, the wall are so thin, I slept with ear plug for the 5 nights, (they saved my trip) not even a chair in the roome so we have to stand...I went to other hostel in the world and this one was the worst, The location was great , nice area...but thats it! the breakfast was ok, some toast and jam, the shower didnt had a door, so anyone cam come in and look at you! be carefulthe staff was ok.	
Mar 29 2006	Even for a hostel this was pretty bad	We've camped, gone luxury and done the hostel thing, so we're not terribly picky, but this was, frankly, a bit gross. The beds were clean and housekeeping did a nice job of making them each day.The room was musty and the floors felt &quot;soft.&quot; Seriously. When you walked, the floor seemed to give and be a bit squishy. In part, this was probably due to the sticky, unclean carpet. I don't know the origin of the stickiness, nor do I want to.The bathroom did not have a working light, so for four days we showered by the light of the flashlight my ever-prepared Scoutmaster husband had packed. Each day, we notified the front desk attendant of the problem, and each day we were cheerfully assured that it would be fixed. At least they were pleasant when they disregarded us.Very dodgy clientele, even by hostel standards. The advertised internet was slow, but workable.Would never go back under any circumstances.	
Mar 28 2006	This place is disgusting	Everything was dirty. there aren't toilets on every floor. None of the &quot;shower rooms&quot; had doors so I was freezing every time i took a shower. it took forever for the water to get hot and when it finally did, i had to keep playing with the taps so the water wouldn't scald me. the carpet was filty, the room was dusty and there was a piece of the wall missing. yes, that's right, a piece of the wall missing. further more, there was a hole in the floor covered up with carpet. And the room was freezing. I had to keep complaining to the front desk every half hour before they did something.	
Dec 23 2005	clean and nice but...	we reserved a dorm for 6 females with no ensuite bathroom and had the nice surprise to have it for 4 and with shower and wash bassin..the hostel was clean as well as the rooms, the bed was made every day and we had towels and soap. The shower was in the middle of the room and there was no hot water at all in the room,rooms were not soundproof. The hostel develops on 4 floors and there is no lift. Stairs are very small and steep. The toilet as already told are not in the rooms but there are oher two zones with beds that I haven't seen. We were staying at the third floor, and had to go to fourth floor for toilets, only two for all the floors....!!!!..Breakfast consisted in sluces of corn flakes,bread, jam and butter and something to drink(orange juice, tea, cold milk, black coffea...). Internet access was free,five Pc, fast connection..but sometimes to wait. I would surely stay there again, but wouldn't carry heavy luggages nor book a room without ensuite bathroom...	
Oct 10 2005	I loved it	I don't know why this place got so many bad reviews. I stayed here for 5 days and I thought it was great. The staff was very friendly, with the exception of one person, but I eventually got him to mellow out and I was on good terms with him by the time I left. Their rooms are mixed (males and females in the same room). But I already knew that when I reserved my room, so it didn't bother me. Then again, I also got lucky in terms of who my roommates were. Their breakfasts are good. It's cereal, toast, and orange juice. Their Internet is free from 9 a.m. until I'm not sure what time. Their bathrooms and rooms were clean. The showers had hot water. I take long showers so I think their water heaters are very good. It's comfortable, and not loud. Although I guess it depends on what sort of people are staying in the rooms next to yours. The location is great. There's a neat shopping center a few steps away, and it's a short walk away from Queensway and Bayswater stations. There's a lot of neat shops and restaurants in the area and it was very safe. I'm definitely staying here again next time I'm in London.	
Jul 10 2005	Not that bad	I stayed with a friend at London House Hotel in april 2005 for three days and I must say that I found it to be okey. It wasn't the nicest hotel but for the price (we payed £20/night and person) it was good. The downsides was the slightly bad smell in the room and the breakfast. Besides that we didn't have any complains, the personel was nice and helpfull, the location is good and for the price it was actually quite good.I've stayed in two different hotels in London before and they were much nicer but also 2-3 times more expensive. So the next time I'll go to London I will consider London House Hotel. At least if I go with friends not if I go with my parents or girlfriend. If you're looking for a cheap hotel at a good location I can recommend this hotel. You get pretty good value for you're money in my opinion.	
Jul 1 2005	It was better in the olden days....	I have stayed at the London House Hotel several times over the past ten years. But never again. The rooms are overpriced and staff and management extremely rude and ignorant, not to say lazy. This was in November. We had booked a twin room with shower but without bathroom. It was really cold and the radiator wasn't working. I had to sleep with my coat on for three nights - even though we notified the reception already on day one that it was freezing. I left a glass of water on the set of drwers next to the window over night - in the morning the water was frozen.After three nights they finally fixed the radiator but since the radiator was squashed in right behind the bed we feared that the bed linen was going to catch fire.When we complained about having to sleep with our clothes, mittens and scarves on the manager was very rude and denied any knowldge about it.The shower in the room was impossible to use, when trying to use it it flooded over the wall-to-wal carpet and it took days for the carpet to dry.Still.. I suppose it could be okay for a hostel - but it is not a Hotel.	
Jun 4 2005	Terrible Place	Do not ever stay at this place. When I arrived the staff was very rude. They made me wait half an hour just to get checked in. When I reserved the room it was for a room on the first floor and it was an all girls room. When I arrived they placed me on the top floor (no elevator, so you must climb the stairs with your luggage). I was also placed in a room with men, which I did not approve of. When I tried to switch they wouldn't let me and told me they were all full. This was unbelievable considering I had reserved my room 4 weeks earlier. Such poor service! The worst part of this hostel was how dirty it was. My sheets must not have been changed before I arrived. I picked up scabies from the bed I slept in at this place. Let me tell you, after all the medical bills I had to pay due to the disease I got at this place I wish I would have just payed a few extra pounds to stay in a nicer hotel in London. This place should not be called a hotel. It is definitely a hostel, and the worst one I have been at in fact. The showers are also extremely cold and there was no toilet paper or soap in the bathrooms down the hall. The only thing good at this place was the free internet in the morning, but even then you would sometimes have to wait forever just to get on the computer. Save yourself the agony and stay at a better place.	
Apr 10 2005	Not as shocking as expected	After reading the reviews at this page, I faced my easter-vacation with mixed feelings. Overjoyed of the fact that I was going to LONDON, but at the same time worried about me being alive after a week at this horrible hostel! When we got there, I got one pleasent surprise after another. The lobby was small, but nice, and the personal really helpful. We got a room in the third floor, with both toilet and shower (which I was really happy about), and was provided with soap and clean towels whenever we needed it. The breakfast was like expected. Toast, jam and coffee. If you would prefer a better breakfast, there's a lot of shops and cafés just around the corner. And that's what makes this hotel so great, it's in the center of everything you need, with the subway just around the corner. For that small amount of money, this is more than you can expect.	
Feb 28 2005	Worst Weekend	My stay at this hotel (hostel) was a great disappointment. The rooms were dirty and well worn. The carpet was peeling from the wall and the walls and ceiling were badly stained. Workmen were painting down the stairs, right opposite my door. The paint smell lasted all weekend, and because the ironing board was down there I got paint all over my clothes luckily I washed it out in time. They had been painting next to the kitchen and dining area and had not even ventilatde the rooms. The first morning I had to climb four sets of stairs to the shower which turned out to be two cubicles in an open box room with no ventilation. The shower window was dirty and the shower was weak. I had to balance on a wooden board while the water went dangerously hot and cold. We even had to go to the toilet outside of the room. The furniture was two cot beds and battered old wardrobe, dressing table and sink unit. If you don't mind an extremely rough stay this would be the place for you, but I have never been so disappointed. This place should not even be classed as a hotel, it is a hostel.	
Feb 13 2005	what a piece of crap!		
Feb 13 2005	Nothing is less true	When I went to London with my study I was shocked by reading the review that were writen about this hostel... But when arrived in the nice and clean hostel everything was different; the beds were clean, we had a private shower and toilet with four of us, towels and soap were provided. The breakfast was not extremely great, but it was good; what would you expect for the money? The matrassess were a bit old, but good enough to sleep on after a few pints.  5 out of 5 starts; there's no place where you get this service for such less money. 	
Feb 9 2005	Nice and rennovated hotel now than before		
Dec 12 2004	find somewhere else		
Nov 14 2004	Bad bad and.....bad		
Nov 1 2004	The cheapest Hotel In London		
Aug 30 2004	Bad service		
Aug 20 2004	The minimum		
Jun 8 2004	Really and I mean Really Basic		
Apr 18 2004	My nightmare		
Feb 9 2004	Hated this smelly flea ridden pit.....		
Nov 16 2009 	Allez-y les yeux fermés		
Nov 16 2009 	Muy recomendable.		
Nov 16 2009 	Mejor de lo que esperaba		
Nov 6 2009 	Perfecto		
Sep 26 2009 	Totalmente negativo		
Aug 21 2009 	ottimo rapporto qualità-prezzo		
Aug 21 2009 	Senza Infamia e Senza Lode..		
Jul 23 2009 	Quello che cercavamo		
Jul 13 2009 	Se proprio non c'è altro...		
Jul 10 2009 	photo trompeuse mais...		
Jul 5 2009 	Chi s'accontenta gode		
Jul 2 2009 	Buona posizione scarse strutture		
May 22 2009 	Vraiment bien		
May 12 2009 	Très bon rapport qualité prix - Bien situé		
Apr 30 2009 	Hotel à conseiller		
Apr 9 2009 	Agréable!!!		
Mar 27 2009 	propre		
Mar 25 2009 	Ottimo per turismo		
Mar 10 2009 	economico e bel situato		
Mar 3 2009 	Buen hotel buen precio		
Feb 9 2009 	A recommander		
Feb 7 2009 	;)		
Jan 17 2009 	Excellent hôtel dans l'ensemble		
Jan 8 2009 	Essenziale ma piacevole		
Jan 6 2009 	Hôtel sympa		
Dec 14 2008 	Ottimo		
Oct 23 2008 	Attention INVIVABLE		
Oct 14 2008	Básico a buen precio		
Oct 7 2008 	Bon point de chute à Londres		
Oct 6 2008 	soggiorno confortevole!		
Sep 18 2008 	Muy bien para ser Londres		
Aug 31 2008 	Je ne recommande pas cet hôtel		
Aug 25 2008	ottima soluzione per due notti a londra		
Aug 3 2008	Tout à fait correct !		
May 1 2008 	Per la famiglia		
Apr 26 2008 	Gerne wieder		
Mar 26 2008 	Repetiría		
Mar 26 2008 	un buon albergo ad un prezzo competitivo		
Mar 20 2008 	Un hotel muy recomendable para los estándares de Londres		
Mar 12 2008 	consigliato!		
Jan 15 2008 	j'y retournerais		
Dec 1 2007 	Horrible		
Sep 16 2007 	attention au quatrième étage		
Aug 7 2007 	Buen hotel		
Jun 26 2007 	Una auténtica pesadilla		
