	Nice hotel - great value	After checking the reviews to try to find something not too expensive in this area, I decided to book the City Hotel. I was not disappointed. Entering our twin-bedded room on the 4th floor I thought I was going to pass out with the heat, but I was able to turn the very efficient radiators down to a comfortable level even though the control knob was very stiff. It was surprisingly spacious, clean and with a nice view of the City lights. The beds were a little small and on the hard side, and I would have preferred duvees rather than sheets and blankets, but still comfortable enough, and reasonably quiet. The bathroom was small, but a surprisingly enjoyable shower for a small non-power-shower rose, so no complaints. I didn't have breakfast, which would have cost an additional £10. Very good value for a City hotel!	
Nov 22 2009 	Good Hotel but a little noisy	I stayed in the City Hotel in September 2009 for 3 nights. It was my first time in London and I knew that the hotels are very expensive. We didn't want to spend a fortune on the hotel, that's why we decided to stay in the City Hotel. It isn't that close to Downtown, but you can take the tube at Aldgate East which takes you to the city centre. The hotel is clean and the staff mostly friendly. However, we didn't like the bathroom, it was to small! With 3 ladies and everybody has to get dressed this wasn't so much fun. Furthermore, the hotel is located directly on a street, which is noisy also in the night. I had to sleep with my earplugs because even if the window was closed, the room was still noisy!Nevertheless, I would recommend the hotel because it wasn't that expensive and you can be Downtown in a short time. Don't expect luxury, after all it's a 3-star hotel. If you don't stay that much in your hotel room and just come here to sleep, you will like this hotel!	
Nov 17 2009 	A hotel that surpassed expectations.	The hotel staff could not have been more friendly and welcoming. They all helped us to celebrate a daughter's 30th birthday in style with many special touches. The cocktail lounge had a good buzz. The restaurant served wonderful Asian fusion food with dishes to please any taste. It was all served beautifully and tasted even better. The rooms varied in decor from traditional to loft-type cool and were clean and well equipped. We were in walking district of Brick Lane, Columbia Road flower market and Spitalfields Market which were all great fun on the Sunday. A great place to stay.	
Nov 3 2009 	unexpectedly good!	reception and public areas good, room clean, staff friendly. Didn't try eating there and bar looked lovely though deserted. Very handy location and good value. Room was at the back of the hotel and quiet with a window you could open.	
Oct 28 2009	Don't be put off!!!	Don't let other people's reviews put you off booking this hotel. We arrived by car and my heart sank when we turned the corner into Osborne Street and saw the hotel but once inside I forgot how run down the street looked. The reception was welcoming with friendly staff and booking-in took a matter of minutes. We'd booked two rooms, one for me and my husband and one for our son. His room was on the third floor which obviously hasn't been refurbished yet and looked rather 'tired', especially the bathroom, but everything was clean. Our room was at the top of the hotel which was obviously the new extension and was quite contemporary. The bathroom was quite small and functional but with a lack of shelving for toiletries etc. but lovely white fluffy towels. The beds were comfortable with crisp white sheets but no extra pillows provided. Again, nowhere in the room to put cosmetics, toiletries etc and it could benefit from a chest of drawers or similar.The rate we paid did not include breakfast but there was a special rate of £7.95 each (usually £9.95) if we ordered and paid for breakfast on arrival. This we did and it was very good value for money. There was a hot and cold buffet with a good choice of dishes and there is no excuse for anyone going hungry. Another bonus is the secure, on site car park, although there is an additional charge for this but it is worth it .The views from the front bedroom windows leave a lot to be desired but we weren't there for the view and the hotel is well placed, being 2 minutes from Aldgate underground station and only 10 minutes walk from The Tower of London and Tower Bridge.We felt perfectly safe walking back to the hotel late at night.All in all this is a very good city hotel and although the full room rate could be considered high for this type of hotel in this run down location, there are always discounted rates to be found and I doubt that anyone actually pays the full rate. We paid £59 per room (+ breakfast) which was an absolute bargain for a London hotel.Would definitely stay again without hesitation.	
Sep 2 2009 	Don't go here	On first walking into the room I was pleasantly surprised. The room was larger than expected, bright and airy and there was a large flat screen tv. However, the beds were very uncomfortable - don't come here if you need a good nights sleep. Pillows and mattress were rock hard, and the air con and fridge made strange noises all through the night. Also, don't be tempted to eat in the restaurant by the claims that you get 50% off food and 20% off drinks. Me and my boyfriend are both students so dont have a lot of money, being told that as hotel guests we would get money off encouraged us to go into the hotel restaurant. However, after ordering food and drinks, one of the waiters came over with the bill, saying that we could not get 50% off, and also did not take the 20% off the drinks. There is also a &quot;service charge&quot; which he explained was a charge that every table had to pay for the waiters to get the food from the bar kitchen. But this was a RESTAURANT, the waiters are expected to bring you your food surely?. He expected a tip as well as the service charge. In the end he took the service charge off the bill, but not the 20% and 50% off the food and drinks. So we ended up paying a lot of money for the things we ordered - the food was ridiculously overpriced. Would not be surprised if he kept the money that he should have taken off our food and drink for himself as his tip.The location was not that great. Was only a couple of minutes walk from Aldgate East tube station, but I didnt feel very safe walking just this short distance to the hotel.Would not recommend	
Aug 29 2009 	Surprise	Booked this hotel, then read the reviews and was very worried about what might lie ahead. But on arrival found the reception staff to be very friendly and helpful and check in efficient. The room I was allocated was at the back of the hotel and was very quiet. Lovely comfy bed, big T.V. fridge, bathroom...all spotlessly clean. No problem with the toilet. Towels etc changed daily. Breakfast is available in the hotel, but there are lots of coffee shops in the area if that is your preference. Lots of interesting places to eat in the area as well, not just in Brick Lane but around the Spitalfields market area too. The nearest tube is about one minute away and it is also possible to walk to the Tower of London area. Thought this was a great place to stay, it was good value and good location.	
Aug 20 2009 	This hotel is fantastic! You will not be disappointed.	I was also worried about this hotel after reading the previous reviews. My mind was put to rest as soon as I walked into reception and had a warm welcome. Checking in took just a few minutes, whilst sharing a joke with the clerk. I was soon outside my room door and hesitantly put my key card in and opened the door....to a large, clean, modern room. LCD TV on the wall..a double and single bed (all for just me!) and even today's paper, with the latest editions of two well known magazines left out.Heading down to the trendy bar I relaxed in comfort before heading back to my room and fell asleep on the comfy bed.I rang down to reception to get my room safe opened and within minutes the maintenance guy was at my door and very professionally showed me how to operate it. I felt safe at all times in this hotel and found the service was extremely pleasant and good natured.Some people have commented that the surrounding area is not as safe as some areas. I would not really agree, the area IS very blue collar but so long as you follow the same rules for personal safety as you would anywhere you will be fine. The tube station (Aldgate East) is literally a one minute walk away. In fact, I think the area has much more to offer in terms of diversity than other more mainstream areas of London. If you like curry you'll be spoilt for choice. I have to say that I love my curry and head the best curry of my life (and a free drink!) at one of the restaurants on brick lane.	
Aug 17 2009 	Hard to believe why this hotel gets bad reviews!!!!	First of all, like others i read previous reviews on this hotel and was really worried on staying there as i was with my wife and 9 year old daughter. when we arrived we were plesently surprised how close this was to the aldgate east tube station and when we booked in to the hotel the reception were very nice and efficent. The hotel was lovely in the reception area and when we were issued with the room key i was thinking to myself here we go, But once again i have to say the rooms were beautiful and clean, they seemed to be doing all the rooms up and to be honest i think we were the first in this room after it had been decorated. we had air con and a 32 inch lcd tv on the wall, 1 double bed and a single bed (room 418 by the way). bathroom was decorated nicely and it was clean and all facillities worked. rooms were cleaned every day and fresh towels every day as well. food in the lane bar was a bit expensive but when you walk out the front door there is plenty of resturants either side of brick lane, (hope you like indian food as there is plenty of those resturants as well.) we stayed for four nights and really enjoyed every moment in london, as i said before aldgate east tube station right beside you so you have no worries about walking far to get anywhere. will defiently be back to london again and would reccomend this hotel to anyone. Hope this will put your mind at ease as other reviews can be very worring. Have a nice stay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Jul 29 2009 	Worst Hotel Ever!	Firstly I was little skeptical about booking this hotel after reading the reviews. But each one of them were right as I could see it for myself during our stay. I still went through the booking as my 65 year old parents wont have to walk a lot to get to the tube station nearby.The location is Blue Collar filled with bangladeshi restaurants and some were good others looked like it needed a cleanup. Our room was on the second floor and since we booked on weekdays none of the DJ music downstairs disturbed us. Although there was this teenager who used to stop by the restaurant downstairs everynight blarring loud music in his car. I really wanted to call the police as it was so annoying. I realised I cant expect that area to be perfect. I could see the Ibis just nearby and god I wished I stayed there. The three days we stayed there the service was teribble. With the exception of a plumber who was so nice to speak to and guided us about the local transportation, he came to repair our toilet which as you have already read in other reviews was not working. The reception staff were the well mannered but looked like they were going to jump on you any minute and we felt like we wereint welcome to ask anything else except to pay them. Although the bar downstairs was not a problem to us, everything during our 3 day stay were filled with issues. If you could afford a little bit more stay at the Ibis which is very close to this hotel.	
Jul 19 2009 	It really depends on what you want in London	I booked the hotel before I read many of the negative comments of the City Hotel from Tripadvisor and felt panic. But it turned out quite all right after we checked in, except one really HUGE turn off-- the toilet didn't work and the gaga couldn't be flushed down. The porter was quite helpful and finally made the toilet work again. But it's really the number one scary hotel scene in my life. It was not noisy at all in our room and no party downstairs. But the soundproof of the wall was not good therefore we could hear the banging sound of door slamming of our neighbors the the second night when they checked in. The TV in the room did not work at all, so we ended up sleeping early and saved our energies for sightseeing the whole day time. The good thing about this hotel is it's location and the cleanness. It's very close to Aldgate East station so it's very easy to go around London city by tube. I appreciate the cleanness the hotel staff did their best to maintain, however I think the best way to give it an overall upgrade is to renovate its rooms. Many comments here say the best of this hotel is its cheap price. But I ended up paying more through expedia.com. I suggest people avoid the booking system of expedia since I find the price fluctuation can be very tricky. The internet is cheap and convenient (compared to that of Comfort Inn we stay for the last two nights in London). So, overall, I think this will be a good hotel if you're a frugal student on budget with a bunch of friends to have a good time in London. But if you're a couple, the hotel could kill the romantic aura quite instantly.....	
Jul 3 2009 	Please dont go there	We stayed for a weekend in february 2008. An absolute disaster from start to finish.Do not be deceived by the richly elongated photos. It is a cramped and scruffy place.Arriving on friday evening we were told by an unhappy staff member that we had to pay in advance. No reason or exclamation. Fair enough, in some places that happens. We paid up and went to the bedroom. At the time the place was being refurbished but it was impossible to tell which parts had been refurbished and which hadnt. The place was so dirty even the mice wore overalls.The rooms had a laminate floor finish, curling at the corners. They were just unnattractive but reasonably clean. We were told that breakfast would be served in the bar the next morning so we turned up and had an inedible breakfast among the upturned tables and chairs.On the saturday night we thought we'd have a few drinks in the bar but were told at the street entrance of the bar that there was a &quot;Private Party&quot; that we had to pay £10 or £15 each cover charge (cant remember which). We said we were residents and were told we still had to pay. On asking reception they didnt want to know. The bar had been advertised as one of the place's best features. Throughout the whole weekend we never heard a single comment about anything from any staff member. On monday morning on checking out I let the staff know of my grievances, but was answered with 3 blank stares. No explanation or apology except to say that the bar was reserved for a party by the owners son. Not one staff member even identified themselves or took any responsibility for everyone. The place was completely devoid of atmosphere. The rooms were furnished with family size fridges, abviously for DSS residents but that wouldnt be a problem if the place at least pretended to be a hotel. Please dont waste your money. its depressing	
Jun 30 2009 	Great entrance lobby shame the rooms didn't match!	Seeing the pictures online, and then the entrance lobby i was expecting something great. The room stank of smoke, there was someones rubbish on the bed so i immediately asked to be moved.The rooms are ugly and need re-doing. The hallways looked horrible too.The staff didnt talk great english either.It was okay for 1 night stay but i would stay for any longer.	
Jun 29 2009 	Cheap and Chic	Booked this hotel due to the cheapness of it, we paid £99 for 2 people for 2 nights...Upon getting the hotel it looked very smart on the outside..and the rooms were big and airy. Couldnt fault the beds. We had a fridge. tea/coffee making facilities as well which was good. TV was an old shabby one which was a bit off putting, some reisdents had flat screen tvs! The hotel is in a bit of a rough area, its not too bad but as a woman i wouldnt feel safe walking around alone in that area at night. It had a tesco metro about 2mins walk away and tube was 5mins walk. Ideally placed if you want to be close to all the touristy things but you dont want to pay central london hotel places. All in all...great hotel but needs to be in a different location	
Jun 14 2009 	Terrible service!	I thought it would probably be cheaper to book direct, so I attempted to book a room in this hotel over the telephone. On phoning, I found the staff to be very hard to understand, and it was very difficult to make myself understood. After a few minutes trying to get the staff to realise what I wanted, I decided to give up and book in person instead the next day when I would be in the area. As a native english speaker, I don't think it's too difficult to expect the phone to be answered by someone who is capable of communicating with me effectively!I turned up the next day, and I expected the communication difficulties would be easily resolved in person. Sadly, I was completely mistaken. The same problems continued. After a ten minute conversation, where I attempted to get the staff to perform the simple task of booking a room for me in two weeks time, I became increasingly frustrated. They didn't seem to grasp the idea that, no, I didn't want a room tonight, I want it in 2 weeks time! These communication difficulties could easily have been sorted out had the staff not become even more frustrated with me than I was with them. I tried my hardest to be as polite and patient as possible, but they were very rude and I got the impression from them that they basically couldn't be bothered. In the end I just left without making the booking, because I simply couldn't afford to waste any more of my time! I decided to stay somewhere else in the end!City Hotel is probably a very nice place to stay, but god knows how anyone can manage to actually make a booking	
Jun 6 2009 	Avoid this hotel. Terrible management and rooms	Avoid this hotel. Terrible management and rooms. I spent two-night in City Hotel in May. It is by far the worst hotel I’ve ever stayed. I checked in the hotel after 11pm and just wanted to relax, but nothing in the room worked, and I was not able to sleep until 1am. The TV remote control was not functioning and TV itself’s channel button were all gone. I called reception desk. The guy came up, did something and an image showed up. He said “see it works” as if I didn’t know how to use a TV. It turned out the remote control was not working and one had to enter a specific channel number (if you know which channel is working) to change channels. Then no hot water came out of the shower. I had to call again, waited, the first person came didn’t know what the problem is and the second one was able to fix the show knob, but again said “see it works” as if I didn’t know how to operate shower. Not only I wasted all my time, but I was insulted.The next day I was in a rash to get to a place but not sure where exactly it is on the map, so I asked the reception desk on my way out. Big mistake. The guy did something in front of his company for 10 minutes and still had no answer for me. When I asked what happened since I was in a hurry, the manager stepped out of his office and told me “we don’t provide this service.” No wonder the hotel has so many problems, just look at what kind of manager the hotel has. When I asked anybody for direction on London streets, they were all very happy to help. However, the manager in this hotel doesn’t seem to know he is in hospitality and service business.	
Jun 4 2009 	Excellent hotel next to the heart of London	At first we had trouble locating the hotel. But once we did it turns out its less than a block from the Aldgate Underground entrance.The area itself is seedy but once you go into the hotel its nice enough. Not a neighborhood I would recommend walking around at night, even more so once I found out other things.For those who are looking to do the tourist thing it is only one metro stop from the Tower of London and like I already said it is less than one block from the Underground.The staff was exceptionally friendly and very helpful. The hotel restaurant was ok but there is a small cafe next door that offers excellent breakfasts for very cheap. If you ask for a crescent you can ask them to put what ever you want on it for less than 3 pounds.The room was very large and since we had 4 people it worked out really nice. We never figured out how to turn the tv on but since we weren't really there it didn't matter.Turns out the hotel is located between Aldgate and Whitechapel, the area where Jack the Ripper attacked all those women. In fact several of the locations where they were found were only a few blocks from the hotel. While my mother in-law was a little nervous my husband and I, who are history buffs, LOVED it.Overall great hotel for the price, not a lot of frills but worked out perfectly for us.	
May 13 2009 	Pleasently surprised	I did not have the opportunity to read any reviews for this last minute booking for the city hotel in London.I am not one hundred per cent familiar with the &quot;best&quot; area's to stay within London but having a budget of only £500 for a 2 night trip to London (and that includes travel!!!) we decided to take a chance on this hotel being priced at only £80 for a triple room and 2 adult breakfasts.I must admit I was expecting a very budget hotel due to the price, this hotel is located on osbourne st which is an extension of brick lane. The nearest tube is aldgate and the tower of london and tower bridge are a ten minute walk away. The location does seem a bit run down and gloomy but the hotel itself was quite upbeat once inside. The bar area looked nice and modern and I believe had undertaken a new face lift recently.The reception staff were extremely friendly,understood english and were exceptionally nice to my 3 year old daughter who was grumpy after a long journey!the room was a pleasant surprise, a good size, clean, comfortable double bed and single bed and plenty of space to maneuver.The bathroom was clean and provided a good supply of water,I cant stand fiddly showers with weak water which I usually find in budget hotels. Shower gel, soap and shower hat provided. There was also a fridge within the room which we found fantastic to store drinks and there was a coffee/tea making facilities aswell as a phone and a modern flat screen tv!Our room looked out over a very bleak part of london, a junk yard opposite and the bleak stone buildings of the city and the gherkin but this was the only thing which I could find any fault with. The bed was cosy, the tube was a small walk, there was a choice of restaurants within walking distance, late night convenience shops within a short walk and although I wouldnt advise walking round anywhere alone at night as a women, I did feel safe in the hotel, unlike some hotels I have stayed in london! We got a good nights undisturbed sleep, no sirens, chatter from outside or noisy tubes running underground!Breakfast was fantastic, a really good choice of buffet including continental (lovely pastries) fresh juices,cereals,fruit and a full cooked breakfast buffet with mushrooms,tomatos,hash browns,sausages,bacon and 2 choices of egg! The restaurant staff were very attentive, filling my coffee cup the moment it was running low. Smiley friendly staff and a fantastic head waiter who did not charge for my 3 year old daughter despite the fact she gave me and my hubby a run for our money with what she managed to plow through for breakfast!All in all an excellent stay. It is a little bit away from all the main attractions so is not very central but well worth the price and just 5 mins on tube to west end.Highly recommended and would stay again.	
May 10 2009 	Great stay for great price!!	I was a bit afraid of staying at this hotel after reading the reviews, but there was no reason to!The hotel is great, central location (just around the corner from Aldgate East tube station). The lobby looks 4-stars and the room was very much acceptable. The staff is VERY international, but still very helpful and available.Everything worked, bed linen and towels changed every day.I was there with my mum and a friend and recommend it for a city break!	
May 2 2009 	Great stay	Firstly: Americans seem to have a problem with British loos. Just push the lever all the way, don't pump it, and then let it go,and things may turn right:-)I had a room facing the back, so i can't really comment on the level of noise if you should have a room facing the street. True enough, this is a party area at week ends, but although my room was right above the bar, I wasn't disturbed.Had a great stay. Room wasn't refurbished but still very pleasant. Service at breakfast good. Fridge and safe box OK. Clean tub that I used every morning. Telly small but who cares? I didn't go to London to watch telly. Still I managed to watch East Enders and Match of The Day:-)At weekends, people are pouring from the tube into Osborn Street heading for Brick Lane. Take the walk yourself. There are about 100 Indian and Bangla restuarants in the street and loads of night clubs.Coming out of the hotel, turning right, you'll find an old, crammy pub on the next corner called The Archers. Just sit down with a pint of John Smith's. I can really recommend that pub. Small and very East End. Including the drunks, the tacky paint and interiors,and the occasional West Ham supporters. But very homely, including the blonde smacker behind the bar:-) (no offence, Ladies, only a joke)Don't use the Tube, use your feet. Going left from the hotel and right into Aldwych High Street just keep going and you'll be right in The City of London after a short walk. Or turn left into Mansell Street and then right and into The Minories. In The Minories you'll find a Fuller's Pub called The Chamberlain. Great ales there. Walking down The Minories you'll only have a short walk to The Tower of London.This hotel is perhaps not all five stars, but the location is. Take advantage of it and use your feet.Now that I have the chance, I would like to thank Juli at reception for being so nice.	
Mar 24 2009 	2 am...awakened by the sounds of a fight outside our window!	I will never stay here again!They are trying to renovate the hotel...but in our room they must've forgotten the bathroom! Old w/yucky shower curtains...horrible toilets that you have to pump the handle to flush!only good thing was the view of the Gherkin tower from our room...you just have to look up from the view of the dump you have first...	
Mar 20 2009 	Great Value for money. Would definitely stay again	What a wonderful surprise. After being a little dubious reading other reviews we were not sure what to expect. However, our room was on the top floor and was modern bright airy and very comfortable, had everything we wanted. I think maybe it's their best room (600) as is was on the corner and had dual aspect windows. We never heard any night club...didn't even know it existed. Breakfast was also good with a excellent choice of fare. Very good value for money, every other hotel was asking for double the nightly rate that we paid. We paid £75 each including breakfast.	
Mar 17 2009 	Close to attractions	We spent 7 nights in July, we enjoyed our stay in the hotel, it is very close to public transportation which we used every day, it also had a very nice continental breakfast, the nearest attraction to the hotel that we went to was the Tower of London which was one subway stop away.	
Feb 27 2009 	You could do worse probably a bit better	We were originally given room 101, right over the nightclub. I read about the nightclub on this website and thought the complaints were exaggerated...they aren't. In fact, I quickly asked the front desk about the degree to which the nightclub would disturb us and was told we would not be affected. It was pretty loud. The plumming is a bit rough, too. The room is of decent size and the hotel is located very close to the Aldgate-East metro station. The Tower of London is a few blocks away. The area itself is blue collar and is filled with ethnic businesses and restaurants. Some of them looked tasty!I think I paid about 65 pounds a night and wish i would have spent more for a better hotel.	
Feb 21 2009 	Hotel nightclub turns night's sleep into a nightmare	my letter of complaint to trading standards sums it up: here's a copy of my letter to trading standards: I am one of the many tourists who have stayed in one of London's hotels. I have a complaint to make about a 3* property. City Hotel, 12-20 Osborne Street, London, E1 6TE. I stayed in said property from 19-21 February. The proprietor chose to provide me with a room on the first floor (room 103). When I returned to my room at about 10 pm on the 20th I noticed that right under my room, in the hotel's restaurant a massive event was taking place, DJ, karaoke etc. Basically the restaurant had turned into a nightclub. When I opened my room I realised that it wasn't soundproof. It actually vibrated from the nose right underneath me. I booked the room, like probably most travellers, in order to get a good night's sleep before continuing my trip from Montreal to Singapore on the 21 February. I complained to the receptionist about the noise. She lied to me, explaining that the noise would stop within 30 min (that's when her shift ended and the problem would have become someone else's problem). I tried for awhile to sleep and complained again at the reception at 2:30 am, at which point in time I realised that I would not be able to sleep at all. I checked out at 5 am, the nightclub closed at 3 am. Prior to that I watched TV, at fairly high noise pitch, simply to drown out the disco happening on the floor below my room. I believe the proprietor's failure to offer me an alternative room and the proprietor's utilisation of the restaurant as a quasi nightclub suggests a complete lack of professional concern for the paying hotel guests. How can it be that a nightclub can be operated under guest rooms that are not sound proofed? I duly received an apology on check-out, but frankly, these apologies are cost-neutral to the proprietor and probably uttered all the time to international travellers that got stranded in this questionable establishment. I wonder what means I have to receive my money back and to receive reasonable compensation for the lost night's sleep. This operation does not deserve the name 'hotel'. It didn't even live up to its own promises, namely to deal with customer complaints instantly. Frankly, the staff couldn't care less.Sincerely,	
Feb 8 2009 	Terrible Hotel!!!!!!!!	Not been very happy with my stay here at all. When I turned up there were two receptionists of which none were really interested in speaking to me. The original room they put me in was at the front of the hotel which was noisey and just horrible!I complained in the evening and my luck was that I found another receptionis who try to be verry nice to me an make me feel better, Giorgia I believe and I was moved into a room which was at the back. . Also back onto the service area so really noisey at 7.30 when staff are banging up and down the lift!The fire exit plan is not clear.... I could go on and on and I believe they were proud of this room!Honestly with the area this hotel is in I would not recommend anyone staying here no matter of the cost and it would not shock me all the good reviews are planted.	
Jan 22 2009	Great Location for Brick Lane good cheap eats near-by	I wanted to stay somewhere near Brick Lane to check out what all the fuss was about, and discovered City Hotel after searching online. The hotel is on Osborn Street, which actually turns into Brick Lane. Being so near by is convenient since the tube closes at around midnight, and I was clueless in terms of night buses. This saves a pretty penny in terms of taxi rides. It was also nice to be able to wander to the weekend Brick Lane market in minutes. The room was clean and spacious. The toilet was a little finicky, but I mastered the lever after a few tries. The staff was friendly and helpful. The buffet breakfast was 10 pounds, but I thought I would give it a try. Not really worth it... especially if you don't eat meat. And they had run out of cheese by the time that I got there at around 9:30a. I would suggest that you try one of the many inexpensive eateries in the surrounding area. There's also a Tesco not too far away on Whitechapel. The room has a fridge and a kettle, so you can store perishable foods and make all the tea that your heart desires.Also, the online price was 50 pounds, which was extremely reasonable comparative to all the other hotels downtown. However, when I reached the hotel, the listed price was 150 pounds. So, I advise booking online!	
Jan 18 2009	Basic convenient location	Myself and my sister stayed for one night at the City Hotel London on 28 November 2008, as we were going to the theatre. We found the area ok, a little out of the main hustle and bustle and easy to get to on the Tube. The area itself is a little bit delapidated with cheap clothes shops and reminded me a little bit of the slightly dodgier areas of other big cities such as New York and Liverpool. In itself I have no complaints and we had no problems, there is a Tesco, newsagents and a few bars and it's about a 5 minute walk from Aldgate East Tube station and more like 8-10 minutes from Aldgate.The lobby seemed smart with marble flooring and modern fittings, the staff were welcoming and professional. We did not book breakfast and £10 or whatever it was seemed a little steep to us, so we went to Starbucks nearby. The room could have been better, on first impression it looked a little bit shabby, but this was because of simple things such as floral net curtains that were drooping and the fixtures and fittings were a little worn, if they were of a slightly higher spec, for instance blinds or plain nets, smarter appliances, plain bed covers, it would lift the whole feel of the room. The bathroom had what looked like a net curtain attached to a shower curtain, it was this kind of thing that affected mine and my sister's impression of our room. It appeared to be clean and was otherwise ok. The walls did seem a little thin and it appeared there was a Christmas party going on in the bar, which we could hear into to the small hours. I also found the room a little cold and although there was a radiator (which could have done with a clean/lick of paint) you couldn't control it. In the night I woke up feeling cold and there were no spare covers or pillows as you would expect, out of laziness I couldn't be bothered to go and ask for spares - certainly not at 3am in my pj's anyway.On the plus side, the location is quite good due to close proximity to the tube. When we were going out we asked reception if they could order us a taxi, we were a little worried when a chauffer driven Jag turned up but it only cost us £20 from the hotel to Soho during rush hour traffic, which is what it cost us in a hackney when we were going back that night. It is also very cheap, I booked a special internet rate which was non-refundable (10 day advance booking) and cost £53. The room was spacious and the beds reasonably comfortable, on the whole it met our needs.All in all if I couldn't get a cheap deal with a chain hotel I would probably book here again if I was simply looking for somewhere to get my head down, if it was a romantic break or a special occasion then I wouldn't. Otherwise it is a great base and I would definitely recommend it if you are simply sightseeing on a budget and just want somewhere to go back to at the end of the day.	
Oct 19 2008	Almost there but not quite	Just had 4 nights at the City Hotel in London EC2. Great room with plenty of space, but the air con was not working anywhere and it was pretty hot.Great location at the end of Brick Lane if you fancy a curry - 20+ indian restaurants in a single street. Plenty of nightlife and a very non-threatening atmosphere.Good location, 3 mins walk from Aldgate East tube.Breakfast was average, with 1 poor one on the last day - cold and poorly cooked.	
Sep 23 2008 	Gets the job done; sketchy service	My wife and I stayed at City Hotel for two nights in early September of 2008. Our rates were about 75-90L per night, though we probably could have done better if we had planned earlier.The hotel is located in the east end of London, a bit north of the City region. It is a short walk from the Aldgate East underground station, though at the time of our trip, the walk required crossing some poorly managed, dangerous intersections under contruction. The neighborhood is notable for a few reasons. Firstly, this is right near Brick Lane, which is overflowing with Indian food. We had intended to sample the famed London-Indian food, but never had a chance during our trip. Secondly, this area is popular for visitors seeking Jack-the-Ripper tours. This was once one of the worst areas of London, ridden with crime, filth and prostitution. During our stay, we never felt unsafe walking back and forth to the Underground station.Our room at the City Hotel was more than adequate in terms of size, furnishing, cleanliness, and amenities. It included a hairdryer, but wi-fi access cost extra.We had an ugly view out the back yard of the block. There were a lot of channels &quot;available&quot; on the television, but most of them were inaccessible or had very poor reception. But then again, who cares about the window view and tv. You're there to get out and see London, right?We experienced some noise from renovation work in the hotel, but these were generally in the middle of the day. We did not hear any noise from the club on the ground floor, though we were on the fifth floor, perhaps far enough to insulate any noise. My biggest complaint about the City Hotel is the front desk service. Our initial flight to London was cancelled (TY, Delta). I made an expensive international call to City Hotel, informing them that I would not arrive the first night of our booking, but that we still intended to arrive the following morning. The receptionist acknowledged my message and my reservation, and assured me everything would be taken care of. I also sent a text message to their email address, noting our delayed arrival.When we arrived the next day, there was no record of my having called. When they pulled out our booking, there was a large &quot;NO SHOW&quot; written across the front. They kept on asking me who I talked to when I called. They eventually were able to get a room for me, but not without us having to wait some 20-30 minutes while they sorted things out. What was the point of my calling ahead?Furthermore, the front desk staff, although they seemed always well intentioned and friendly, repeatedly struggled to perform relatively simple tasks. We asked if they had extra shampoo and soap (Delta lost our luggage), and they told us they would bring it up. We had to ask about three times for it.We also asked for a &quot;do not disturb&quot; door sign. They said they would bring it up. We asked around three times over two days. They finally explained that their DND signs are frequently stolen by guests and that they had run out. Huh?! I never heard of hotel guests stealing DND door signs. They were finally able to get us one, on our final night there, though I noticed that the sign had the url of a different hotel on it.We declined breakfast and we did not try out the food or drink available at the restaurant/bar.All in all, City Hotel is not bad for the money or location, but if you must deal with them on the phone, make sure you get the name of whom you are talking to.	
Aug 26 2008 	Cockroaches Building Work 	I have stayed in this Hotel many times through work who unfortunately has an account with this awful place...Do not be fooled by the new tacky marble entrance, or the hilarious descriptions of &quot;Boutique Hotel&quot; as advertised on many websites such as Expeida.The City Hotel is a disgusting, smelly rotten dump of a building that is infested with Cockroaches. Don't be surprised if you wake up in the middle of the night with one crawling across you face. If that isn't bad enough, you'll also be woken every morning at 7am by horrendously loud building work, banging and drilling throughout the Hotel.I wrote a letter of complaint to the City Hotel manager, Mr Gomez, demanding for a refund. He completely ignored me for one month, until I pestered so much that he eventually offered a measly 30% off my next stay - provided that I booked directly through the Hotel at full rate. Naturally I turned this down and have decided to write this review to warn anyone who is seriously considering staying at this foul place.Sadly, I had to stay there this weekend, again arranged through my work, and once again I received terrible service, was woken up by builders NEXT DOOR at 7am, and almost puked when I saw the state of the toilet.The City Hotel is run by a money grabbing manager who couldn't care less about his customers. The staff are equally miserable. Not surprising though I guess.If you want to stay in Brick Lane, you'd be better off spending this night in a big Curry Bin with the Rats.	
Aug 4 2008 	Worst value for money ever	I have stayed at several hotels in the London area over the past years. City Hotel is definitely the worst value for money, I have experienced. Our room was located at the first floor where the noise from the street, the hallway and the nightclub downstairs was terrible. Really terrible. The rooms themselves where acceptable but not better than you would find in a hotel in the same price range with a more central location.I definitely regret that I did not read the many warnings on this website before I booked our rooms. I would not recommend the City Hotel to anyone.	
Aug 3 2008 	Nice hotel but loud music	Got this room last minute for £50, just stayed for one night. Was really impressed with the room for the money. There was power shower, bath, big bathroom, tv, fridge, big room with 3 beds (I was staying in single room).Only prob is the music, the place is located on top of a nightclub playing loud music until the early hours - plus my room was at the back above the beer garden so loud noise from there too. It depends if this would bother you though - I think if you were going out anyway and only coming back late or if you were having drinks anyway you'd prob sleep through it as the room was a bargain for the money.Is quite a busy, lively area and only couple of minutes to aldgate east tube station. All in all was an enjoyable stay, but would have been perfect if it wasn't for the noise - I wouldn't let this completely put you off though.	
Jul 19 2008	Invasion of privacy	I stayed at this hotel in May and was shocked to discover the lack of professionalism shown by the hotel staff. Last weekend a guy that i had been going out but I had finished with at the time I was staying at the hotel revealed to me that he had asked the receptionist staff to spy on me.To my horror he told me he had obtained a dvd of the hotel surveillance recording which monitored my movements. Apparently he knew the staff well and had asked them to watch my movements. He was not a hotel guest but was there using the hotel bar with work colleagues.The receptionist staff also fabricated a story against me in the aim to discredit me and the guy believed their lies.As per data protection act and code of ethics, hotel staff should not have given out such sensitive information.	
Jul 9 2008 	Stay Away - Book another Hotel	This hotel was horrible, the location was out of the way and if someone said where are you staying and we answered, they would reply with shock and horror! The sheets were wripped so we knew when they changed them, the beds were uncomfortable, the staff in the lobby was not helpful at all. The subway station was closed for maintenance during part of our stay which made getting around even harder. The hotel was not only noisy but all night long we heard sirens. One night the club downstairs put black plastic bags over all the doors and windows so you couldn't see the party going on and Security was 'patting everyone down' before entering. Seriously, spend more money and stay somewhere else. The City Hotel was the Sedey Hotel. We needed a cab to go from the Hotel to the airport since the subway was closed and was told the price ahead of time but once we were in the cab on our way we were told the price was almost double what the hotel staff said it would be.	
Jun 28 2008	very disappointing	Stayed here for 1 night in June '08, room was right over the bar/nite club in the hotel and despite being assured we would not be able to hear thew music inthe room, it was as if we were in the middle of the actual dance-floor! Staff were unconcerned when we complained and we only managed to get some sleep when the music finally finished around 2:30am.Room was spacious but the interior designer must have been having a bad day when he got this one - bizarre is all it can be described as.Safe to say we will not be back.	
May 29 2008 	Fantastic for a short stay!	I stayed at The City Hotel one night - yesterday, actually, due to it's convenience to a shooting location, as I was taking part in some filming with quite an early start the next day. Due to my location 150 miles away in Telford, I required to travel the afternoon beforehand, stay the night, and then check out the next morning for the filming, taking my little overnight bag with me to the shooting location - so really, all I required was a hostel. However, if you've ever visited London, you know not to book into hostels, unless you like sleeping in very secure trousers, with your cash strapped all over your body in various places (although this could then make you a form of running target, where tramps chase your being to grab wads of cash), and therefore, I decided to spend a bit more for my one-night accomodation!Henceforth, The City Hotel beckoned! Originally, I was going to stay right up near Bethnal Green station at The City Inn, due to it being considerably cheaper (I payed £75 for a single room with ensuite bathroom - which actually was a room with 3 single beds, but which I had to myself, thank the Lord! - whereas a room at The City Inn would have been £44. It would have been cheaper to, because it was closer to the shooting location up at Claredale Street, and I wouldn't have had to spend more on travel, but they didn't accept cash, and The City Hotel did), but I plonked for The City Hotel, due to the reasons in the brackets, and because it held considerably better reviews. Breakfast wasn't included in this rather hefty price though (you have to buy breakfast at a seperate charge, at around £6.50 for a continental breakfast, which consists mainly of ham. Orange juice is £1.50!), but I stayed there anyway.It was pleasant enough, I have to say! I arrived with my overnight bag at Aldgate East tube statiion, and the hotel was just a short walk up the road, past Burger King and KFC, and on the direct road to the left. You could see it a mile off, and I felt incredibly posh when I stepped into the foyer with marble floors! I've never actually stayed overnight in London either, so maybe this was somewhat of a novelty, but it's always lovely! I then checked in - to which a French-sounding receptionist woman helped me, although she couldn't really speak much English, and went on up to my room, number 403 (fourth floor, third room along). It was lovely, actually. Smelt highly of disinfectant, the beds were clean and white, there was a comfortable-sized bathroom with a shower, large bath, sink and obviously, a toilet, lovely little toiletries including a Lancome mini-moisturiser bottle (!), and in the main part of the room there was a television with five working channels (always a plus point, too. Don't you always find in hotels the television's never work?!), a kettle, a fridge, and a large vanity desk. There was a large wardrobe, a bookshelf, and a phone, and of course, a menu, with £5 off at 'The Lane', the hotel's incredibly pricey restaurant (£21 for a two-course meal, for one person! Take my advice, go and see the area and eat out! Who wants to be stuck in their hotel anyway, when your in the UK's finest city?). There's also a safety deposit box in the top of the wardrobe, but I never bother with such things, because I'm a bum :)Anyway, I unpacked, and suitably went out into the area, to see London, and revel in the few hours I had to spare before my filming commenced. The hotel's location is actually fantastic - Osborn Street leads right onto the infamous Brick Lane, which is the hub of London's Asian culture and sports so many curryhouses you might well convert to Islam, and I saw Carrie Grant walk past the hotel (the red-haired judge off Fame Academy!). And after I'd revelled in the many attractions East London has to offer - such as Brick Lane, it's bagelhouses (a man in a greasy spoon named Sams Cafe, up on Bethnal Green Road, following on from Brick Lane, told me Brick Lane is actually nicknamed 'Bagel Lane', because of it's Amsterdam-like 24-hour bakeries. And God, do they smell divine! Cheap, too - around 60p for a large slice of cheesecake), Bethnal Green Road, Vallance Road (where the Krays were born and raised!), the Blind Beggar, Tower Hamlets and all it's markets and typical London culture (it isn't as rough as quite made out, go visit, I encourage it), and of course, convenient for Whitechapel, the Jack the Ripper walks, and all the East End frivolities and history which encompass it! The tube's only a street away, as I mentioned before, so this was all fantastic! On the down side, the beds are absolutely rocksolid. I'm not talking 'hard' either, I'm talking, as if they were from The Flintstones and they are actually made from slabs of rock. They were so uncomfortable, two days later, I still have back ache, and I didn't get a wink of sleep. But I was only there one night, so I really can't complain with all the positives. However, I would re-consider your accomodation choice of The City Hotel if you were staying more than two days - I don't think any doctor can sort out your back after that!Remember, there's no breakfast either, which is quite annoying. I'm nothing but a grump without breakfast, and as I had to leave the hotel at 7.30am due to my filming (check out is actually at 11am), I was quite peeved. The staff aren't very helpful either. It's not their fault that their English is incredibly poor, but they just shouldn't be employed if they can't speak fluent English. Maybe it's my rather strong Northern English accent that throws them from the usually London twang, but this still shouldn't be a problem. I am the customer, and I don't expect to have to spell out words so that they can annoy me even furthur by saying they have no idea where Claredale Street is, they do not have a London A-Z, and they are unsure of bus and tube times, and do not know where to look for them. This was quite a problem, as my shoot was immiment, but fortunately, I caught the bus outside and the busdriver kindly told me to get off at Bethnal Green station and walk it from there. Londoner's really aren't as unfriendly as they're made out. I've visited quite a few times and I've never come across abruptness, but of course, be careful. It is the capital city, and indeed, this is the East End.As a whole, a pleasant stay. I'd stay again if hopefully, I take part in more filming in that particular area, but I wouldn't advise it for any longer than a few days. Make sure you know your directions too, and take quite a fair bit of money if you plan to eat at the hotel! Breakfasts are easy to locate in the many cafes, bagelhouses and greasy spoons in the area though, so I truly wouldn't bother with it. Still, fantastic location, and nice and clean, and what more can I ask from a £75 room?	
May 17 2008 	HELL HOLE! - Mr Gormez The so called Manager!	We arrived at the hotel and room looked OK for the price of £100. We went out for the evening and returned around 12.30am. The nightclub next door was loud and busy, however knowing about this before we went we was not too concerned. We was woken at 3.00am by fighting directly outside the hotel. This involved around 100 people and that is probably under estimating! It was like a war zone and my wife was horrified to see people on the floors heads been used as footballs! Bottle used as weapons and it was as if all the locals had also come out to join in. Masses of police and ambulances arrived and after an hour or so order was restored. We failed to get back to sleep after this as our sleep had been broken and my wife was disturbed by the acts of violence we had witnessed. We went to reception at around 9am to ask to see the manager and was told he was due in at 11am. We went out to grab something to eat and returned at 11am. We was then told he was in a meeting. As we had a train to catch we left our contact details and asked if he could ring us. In the end my wife ended up ringing him the Monday after the Saturday night. She explained the situation and voiced her concerns and the response was &quot;It is nothing to do with me, what do you want me to do about it&quot; In an obnoxious tone. Fair enough he could not help the riot that night, however a courtesy call or a part refund, well basically anything other than being rude and totally arrogant. This guy needs sacking and quick before he tarnishes the reputation of this hotel even further.	
May 8 2008 	Not sure what to say	I am sat in the room now as I write on my laptop. I booked the room through Late Rooms and it was the only one under £100 pn within 1 mile of where I am working (Aldgate/Tower Hill). I am here midweek and cannot vouch for week ends.Location is fantastic. Walking distance to the City, Tower Bridge and Tower of London etc (10 mins) and situated at the southerly end of Brick Lane so no shortage of places to eat and all of the character that goes with the Indian Quarter.The standard Tariff for the room is rediculous for the area (£150 pn) but there seems to be plenty of sub £100 deals. I've paid £275 for 3 nights.They are in the middle of an extensive refurbishment and the hotel is a confusing mix of boutique/up market accommodation (completely out of place for the area) and a building site.The frontage is respectable but the foyer is plaster and wires. The reception is staffed by non too enthusiastic Europeans or maybe Indians - not sure. The lifts are tiny and not all service all floors which was confusing. The corridoors are worn and tired looking but are probably the last things on the list to be modernised. Rooms oposite mine are boarded up at night with workmen going about their business during the day.As observed by other TA members this is a noisy street with lots of activity, sounds and music outside throughout the evening and into the night, however, that is part of the character of the area so join in.Thats the worst bits. There is no in between!The good bits are fantastic. The location as mentioned before. The good sized room is done out with modern wooden flooring, large wall mounted Digital Freeview TV, very tasteful, modern (if minimalist) furniture, fridge (not stocked), large fan, airconditioning, very comfortable and clean bed (bedding changed daily as far as I can tell) and there is a clean working en suite bath/shower/toilet. Loads of plug sockets and lighting.The bar is very modern and comfortable and looks onto the street so you can sit and watch the amazing mix of people walking by.Breakfast is served in the bar at very reasonable value with Continental and Full English Options amongst others ranging from £1.50 to £6.50 (the pork and leek sausages are very tasty) but there is further coice of cheaper al fresco or under cover breakfast oportunities round the corner on Whitechapel Road. Great on a sunny morning.The Bar Menu in the evenings is good too at reasonable prices but if you fancy something different and exclusive go next door to The Lane restaurant which seems to be part of the same business (you get a £5 voucher to spend in there). The quisine is Carribean and exceptionally good. Not cheap for the area but competitive for the same standards elsewhere in London. They boast celebrity diners over the 3 months since they opened including Alicia Keys and Boyonce and I understand the chef Collin Brown is also well known.Finally one futher downside. I am here in the middle of a mini heatwave in May! The room temperature is very uncomfortable and with the windows open the street noise is very invasive (I am on the first floor). Having the fan on all night leaves you with a head ache and the airconditioning unit works for about 20 mins before failing with an error code. It may be that all of these problems are on the list of improvements still to be done, on the other hand it may indicate that quality will not be maintained.It will be interesting to see what other people think once the work is completed.	
Apr 9 2008 	Really Not Great!	Not been very happy with my stay here at all. When I turned up there were three receptionists of which none were really interested in speaking to me. The original room they put me in was at the front of the hotel which was noisey and just horrible!I complained and was moved into a room which was at the back. The &quot;kitchen&quot; has no sink and is just an old damaged worktop, the bathroom is missing tiles and bolb really poor. The main bedroom seems to also back onto the service area so really noisey at 7.30 when staff are banging up and down the lift!There is also a funny window the is kind of blacked out between the room and service area (I am not joking!) so you can see people walking around!!!!!The fire exit plan is not clear.... I could go on and on and I believe they were proud of this room!Honestly with the area this hotel is in I would not recommend anyone staying here no matter of the cost and it would not shock me all the good reviews are planted.Think I have some photos so will look for them.	
Mar 1 2008 	Great Location for getting around	This hotel is such good value for London. If you book in advance on Laterooms you can get a twin for £65 or a single for £55.During February 2008 I think the hotel is in the process of refurbishment.The rooms are a good size, warm and are en-suite. The beds are comfy, I have stayed here a number of times.The great thing is that you get a full size fridge in the room and plenty of tea and coffee.The bathrooms are big enough, showers are powerful but the fittings are a bit wobby. Osborne Street can be a bit noisy early doors but noise will be an issue in most London hotels.The hotel is situated 2 minutes walk from Aldgate East on Osborne Street which turns into Brick Lane. This is predominantly an Asian area and you are so spoilt for choice if you fancy a curry.As with alot of areas in London you need to be aware at night (no worse than alot of areas) but being such a short walk from the tube is a bonus. I would say this hotel is a 3 star, it isn't luxurious but it is ok, above the standard of alot of backpacking hotels and great value for London. Staff are very friendly and the bar and breakfast looked good. I have no hesitation in recommending this hotel.	
Feb 17 2008 	CIty hotel	We booked this hotel through last min.com for £110 for 2 nights.it cost us £40 to park the car at the hotel-we though that was included in the cost of the room but so came as quite a shock! The hotel is located near to a tube station which it good but i have to say i did not feel safe walking from the hotel to the station especially at night. The room was ok nothing special. What i didnt like was at night as i was trying to sleep the constant noice of police sirens this did not help my already formed opinion that this was not a great area. We chose not to try any of the local resturants so can't comment there however there was a nice looking chinese next to the hotel. Have stayed in london lots of times and for cheaper and this was the worse hotel so far.	
Feb 11 2008 	Worst hotel I've ever stayed in	The pictures look nice but don't be fooled. There is a nightclub on the ground floor that goes on until 3am. Even though we were on the 5th floor the room was rocking...The guys behind the desk were rude and very very unhelpful. We ended up leaving and wasn't even offered a refund. The rooms are very very basic and haven't been refitted in (guessing) 20 years. Carpet is worn. Just a very bad experience.	
Jan 30 2008	Good location but above a nightclub that is open till 6am!!!!!	We stayed at City Hotel on a Saturday night.....which was a bit of a mistake!!! Our room was above a nightclub that was open until 6am!!We were out ourselves until about 3am, and by the time we got back to our room the nightclub was in full swing and the noise was a bit much.The club closed at 6am, and then it took another hour before everyone from the club left the street.It made sightseeing the next day pretty hard when we had only had a couple of hours sleep.....check out is at 11am.The room itself was roomy and clean, just a shame about the noise....would not go back again.	
Jan 16 2008 	alright hotel bad location	myself and three friends recently stayed in this hotel for one night whilst visiting london. the location is terrible, if you like the ghetto then your fine, we however, being four young women, found it to be very unsafe and shabby. the hotel looks very out of place here. upon arrival we were greeted with a less than impressive welcome, the staff bearly spoke english and were very rude. at first we were given the wrong room, so we complained and they gave us a different one, which was still not the room we had booked. we booked an executive quad room off their website as the pictures looked fantastic, in reality, we were given a family room which was absolutely nothing like the photographs and the decor left alot to be desired. the hotel was undergoing building works and we were awoken by very loud banging and drilling. having said this, the bedding and towels were all clean, i suppose we got what we paid for and the hotel itself wasnt all that bad, but i would deffinately not stay here again, nor would i recommend it to anyone.	
Jan 3 2008 	Nice enough	We stayed at City Hotel for 2 nights. We chose it mainly due to the low price. The neighborhood is pretty shabby, and the rooms are not very fancy, but we spent most of our time discovering the rest of London anyway, so we really didn't care. After all, the hotel is nice enough if you are just looking for a place to get some rest in between your sightseeing. However, if I was to go back to London, I would choose a hotel with even better location.	
Dec 4 2007 	The worst hotel i've ever stayed in	Me and three of my work friends stayed at this hotel for one night after our christmas party in a family room for 4 adults and it is possibly the worst hotel i have ever stayed in, when we arrived to check in the staff were short and not very polite.As soon as we stepped into the room there was a strong smell of damp and the floor boards were curled up at the corners and the decor was very dated there was also damp patches on the ceiling.When we arrived back at the room two of the beds were absolutly soaking wet, there was water dripping from the ceiling and from the lights, the beds were so wet we was unable to sleep in them, when we called down to reception they didn't seem bothered at all and told us that the hotel was fully booked so we wasn't able to be moved, one of my friends had to sleep on the floor.In the morning a member of staff came to inspect the room but didn't apologise or offer any explination, when we checked out i asked for a refund, they didn't even question it so they obviously knew about it but wasn't going to offer us any refund or discount.At no point was we apologised to or offered any kind of explination on the matter.I would never recomend this hotel to anyone and i would never stay here again.	
Dec 3 2007	Night club versus Hotel	The rooms are clean, reasonable size &amp; general facilities are Ok.The main issue is that a nightclub is situated on the ground floor of the hotel &amp; operates every night. It is not so much the ( music emanating from within the club but roudy patrons leaving in the early morning hours (1.00 - 6.00).Management need to decide if in the club business or hotel business, both are not compatible. Issue raised with management and little interest or concern shown.Cacelled further booking and do not recommend.	
Nov 21 2007 	No no nope!	We stayed in the City Hotel in September of 06 and found the hotel to be much less than expected. From the photographs on Hotels.com the hotel looked fine, but there is a vast difference between photos and the actual rooms. The establishment is tired and in dire need of remodeling, but due to the neighborhood it is in I doubt that this will ever happen. The view out our second story room window was of an abandoned building with a pile of trash and junk deposited in front of it. Charming!The room was clean, but there as no air conditioning and opening the window was an invitation to the aromas of curry and the noises of Whitechapel. I personally like curry, but the noise was not acceptable. We didn't see any bugs.The breakfast buffet was fine and was included in the room charge of $155.00 per night. The hotel was close to the Ripper tours and the Underground. Aldgate station is just around the corner. Our room was huge by European standards and I do have to say that there are some fine Indian restaurants in the area. Next time we are in London we will find other accommodations.	
Oct 26 2007 	Great location super value on Brick Lane	The City Hotel is one minute from the Aldgate East station, just off Whitchapel Street on the trendy Brick Lane. It's an old hotel that's been modernised many times, and some of the decor and fittings seem to have been missed on sucessive refits. But it's in a great location, the room we had was large and with a view over the street onto the 'Pickle' a couple of blocks away. Service was very good, and although all the staff seemed to be East European, with somewhat erratic English, their willingness to help made up for the amusing (sometimes frustrating) conversations. Good basic breakfast restaurant, and the adjoing bar is busy at nights. There's dozens of fantastic Indian/Bangladeshi restaurants within five minutes walk up Brick Lane. And more than a few wild night spotsAs London prices go, this one is cheap. Better value for money than most in central London.	
Sep 29 2007 	Grunge Grunge Do not stay here	This is an awful hotel. It has no connection with The City other than being in sight of some of the taller buildings. It would more accurately be described as the Bangla Hotel. It is en route to Brick Lane.I paid for 3 nights and wanted to move out after one Staff would not refundDidn't see bugs... but would not be at all surprised... see previous reviewDecor was tired and run downBad Indian Music was playing loudly all day from a nearby buildingSafety Handle in the Shower came off in my handThere is a vacant lot across the street full of abandoned washing machines and fridgesAccording to a taxi driver there was a bomb explosion some years ago outside which may be the reason for the vacant lot	
Aug 24 2007	Hmmm ok.......	Stayed here for one night.The hotel is located near to Aldgate East station, so good location.But the area around the hotel is quite 'dodgy' looking.Streets not clean etc I didn't like walking back late from a night out back to this hotel.The staff was pleasant.The hotel itself as very clean.Stayed in a double room, which had an extra single bed, i guess that will make it a triple.Room was large and clean, and had a fridge in it.I was on the fourth floor and stayed on a Thursday, so never got to hear the noise from the club beneath.The hotel is undergoing some refurbishment, so if u plan to be in your room between 9-5 then its gonna be noisy.Being on the fourth floor, i had a good very of london, after looking thru the scaffolding.The beds were quite comfortable and the night was hot. I tried to leave the window open but the noise from the traffic made it difficult. But the room had a standing fan, so it was ok really.I slept pretty well.Bath/shower was powerful and clean.Breakfast, full was included in my deal. Breakfast was served in the club, which was great, nice room/ambience and music(soft) as u ate. Breakfast wasn't buffet, u ordered and they brought it out. So its pretty standard but tasted good.Despite the surrounding area, looking like a dump.....there are loads of indian restaurants located close to the hotel.I ate at saffron, which was pretty good. Hmmm not sure about this one, I thought all in all, the hotel was ok, but because of the surrounding area, i wouldn't stay at this hotel again.	
Aug 21 2007 	Very unpleasant	Grubby.Old fashioned.Noisy.Not recommended.I do not need to say more.	
Jul 11 2007 	multiple problems	The hotel extends out over the night club next door, Cafe Suki. Our room was on the first floor right above the club. Friday and Saturday night it was impossible to sleep before 3AM. BTW, did you know that, when you filter out all the high frequency stuff, leaving only the bass drum, modern music all has the same incessant beat at essentially the same tempo?The wireless Internet service was spotty. The signal seemed to come and go producing frequent disconnects. Multiple complaints to the front desk revealed that it is probably always like that (they didn't seem surprised) and that they could not possibly improve it.Our room (112) had 3 microscopic beds (genuine singles, not even twins) which were very hard. Sitting at the small desk in the room, there was at least 3 inches between the back of my chair and the foot of the bed.For a Yank, the price of $275/night seemed outrageous....but it is London.On the good side, the front desk girls were pleasant and the place was pretty clean. Also, if you like Indian food, you're in the heart of that district on Brick Lane (Osborne turns into Brick Lane just north of the hotel).	
Jul 6 2007	Shared my bed with bugs	Great location and fantastic value and the room seemed to be spotlessly clean. It wasn't until the morning that I realised I'd been biten all night by beg bugs.Needless to say this will be my first and last stay.	
Jun 28 2007 	Tired and unhelpful	Recently stayed at the City Hotel London on Osborne Street, chosen due to its excellent location for that part of town. However, was deeply disappointed by this hotel - the decor was tired and in need of serious TLC, particularly in the rooms. My room had tired, cracked and damaged floor, the bath panel was unattached revealing a crust of dirt underneath, the shower head was filthy, the room corners were filthy, and curtains stained. On arrival, some of the staff (though not all) were unhelpful. It reminded me of an old-style backpacker's hostel, though the price - £130 - certainly wasn't. The hotel was busy with tourists, which made me regret that this would be their experience of a city London hotel. Duly checked out and found a much cheaper and spotlessly clean room at the Ibis round the corner (lacking in character yes, but clean and good value). I was only on business, so it didn't matter to me hugely, but if it was part of my holiday, I'd be pretty fed up with it as it is now. Hotel needs some serious updating to be worthy of its room charge.	
Jun 23 2007 	Awful	My wife and I stayed here for two nights in order to see a show in the West End.We arrived on the Sunday to find that both the bar and the restaurant were shut - I chose this hotel specifically as it had both to save us having to go out for food. The room was reasonably clean though had mysterious marks on the carpet and just outside the window was full of cigarettes and fast food cartons. My wife commented how the tiled bathroom floor was dirty and showed me the soles of her feet after her first foray in there.Both nights we were kept awake by street cleaning, passing sirens and the stench of fast food coming from the nearby Indian food outlets. I can't comment on the hotel food as we didn't feel like spending an additional eleven pounds for the continental breakfast. Luckily a pleasant sandwich shop next door provided for us in that regard and again for lunch.I'm sorry to say this hotel had no redeeming features at all!	
Jun 16 2007 	Just Plain Weird	This hotel was really weird, in that it was a mixture of unexpected good things and terrible general day-to-day things. First I booked and paid in advance, but when I got there they tried to make me pay again and were very unhelpful and downright rude. My room was very large and clean, which was great, and there were lots of complimentary quality magazines in my room, which was great, but otherwise it was really, really dingy and the coffee facilities were dirty. Bathroom was also very dingy. I can't put it into words, but I felt very strange being in this hotel and couldn't wait to leave. One good thing was a terrific view of the gherkin building from my window. I only stayed here because I needed to be in Whitechapel for business and the Ibis was full. I wouldn't stay again.	
Jun 11 2007 	Good value for money. Convienant location.	We stayed here for a recent short break. After reading review on Tripadvisor I asked for a high floored room when booking incase the club was noisy. My husband and I has a 3rd floor room over looking the front. Ok, the views aren't great but we spent little time in the room. We were surprised by the large room it had a double and two single beds. It was basic but clean. The hotel location was so handy. Only five mins from the tube station which serves several lines. We enjoyed a great meal on Brick lane. You must try the 2nd Bagel shop from the hotels Salted beef bagel it was delicous. It's about 15mins walk from the hotel but worth the walk. The club/pub under the hotel in nicely decorated and even on the Friday night we didn't hear any noise from it.	
May 31 2007 	Excellent value in grungy area.	Away from the tourist areas, this is a good value hotel moments from the City at the end of Brick Lane. I personally love the area, though overseas visitors may find it a bit tatty. With a tube station (Aldgate East) just round the corner, there's no need to splash out for a West End hotel. And at the end of the evening you can take advantage of the excellent choice of curry houses in Brick Lane and saunter back to your bed.The rooms themselves are surprisingly spacious considering the built-up surrounding area. The staff were pleasant, and with internet access, free newspaper, tea/coffee making facilities etc, this hotel is well worth the money.	
Mar 10 2007	Still very good value	The City Hotel is our regular base when visiting our daughter, who is living in digs in Stepney. It's probably not ideal for conventional tourists wanting the West End, but if you want the City or East End it's great.Rooms vary from big to vast - the room we had recently would accommodate a 2-bedroom apartment. The photo shows the double plus twin beds and sofa, it doesn't show the wall devoted to wardrobes, dressing table &amp; TV, or the kitchen area with fridge plus two armchairs &amp; coffee table! There was a full bathroom with a generous supply of toiletries. All that for less than £60 per night for the two of us - pretty good for London.The room was spotlessly clean, as is the hotel as a whole, although the corridors always smell of cigarette smoke. The staff were polite, efficient and helpful (eg when I needed to make an emergency repair to trousers).On the down side - be aware that Saturday night is disco night in the bar downstairs, and it goes on until the wee small hours. Bring earplugs - or stay mid-week.Also, from past experience the breakfast is adequate but not wonderful - we didn't bother with it this time.Big attraction for us (though again, this wouldn't suit everyone...) - just along the road is Brick Lane, 'Curry Heaven'. The Shampan Restaurant is the best, we reckon. The whole area deserves a wander round in daylight, there are still traces of the original Huguenot settlers and subsequent Jewish community,it's a fascinating and rather neglected bit of London's history.It's worth shopping around as rates vary enormously between different internet agencies.	
Feb 22 2007 	Good but Noisy	This hotel has definite benefits. It's cheap and close to an Underground station. It's near Brick Lane and the Aldgate East station is just around the corner. If you love Indian food, there are plenty of great restaurants nearby. Also close are two different grocery stores. The room was clean, comfortable and surprisingly large for European standards. The bed wasn't fantastic, but wasn't bad either. We had a mini-fridge which was very handy. Breakfast isn't impressive, but there are a lot of caffes nearby where you can get a full English breakfast cheap. The view isn't great, but you really can't beat the price. My only complaint is that the club downstairs is loud. We were on the second floor and could hear the music in our room. It's not a problem on Sunday, and stops at 11 pm Monday through Thursday. The problem was on Friday and Saturday when it goes on until 3 am. However, when we complained the hotel staff took great care of us. They gave us another (bigger) room on a higher floor at no extra cost for the rest of our stay and even threw in a bottle of wine. I'd definitely stay again, but specifically ask for a room on one of the higher floors.	
Feb 22 2007 	Great Hotel in London	Wonderful, helpful staff, spacious and sleek room, FANTASTIC location - easy to walk to most attactions but on a quiet street which allowed for great rest. The breakfast was very good.	
Feb 19 2007 	Not amazing but comfortable and very good location	We stayed one night at this Hotel. Room was very spacious - maybe it required a bit of updating, bathroom was ok, pretty clean. Overall hotel was ok - counting on fact that we only slept there and we were mostly walking and sightseeing. We flew to Stansted Airport, then train connection to Liverpool Station. This hotel was located only 10 mins walking from this station and staff was very friendly and allowed us to leave luggage at the reception as we arrived before room was ready early in the morning. We found it very useful. If you just expect economy, clean room that you'd like to sleep in and not palace - I would recommend this Hotel.	
Jan 5 2007 	Not perfect but incredibly good value	After having read some of the bad experiences other guests had had, I was somewhat nervous before I got to the City Hotel. However, in the end I was very pleasantly surprised. I paid an extremely reasonable £50 to stay here for one night - and although I booked a single room, the room I got actually had a double and 2 single beds. My night wasn't quite as wild as to justify them all, but it was brilliant to have a large room and plenty of space to spread out.The room was CLEAN - from carpets and corners to sheets, I do tend to look closely, and there were no problems there. The bathroom, too, was very clean, and nicely decorated.Okay, there were glitches. The curtains were hanging off the curtain rail for a foot or so, so it was a bit rough-looking and I couldn't achieve perfect darkness (however, on Brick Lane and with the lights of the Gherkin shining down this is unlikely anyway. You're in the City!). The TV in the room didn't work - it seemed someone had nicked the batteries from the remote control, but even when replaced, it didn't work. However, the staff were extremely helpful over this, and within an hour had replaced the non-functioning set with a brand new (bigger!) set. They were friendly and helpful throughout.There was also a bit of trouble with the door lock, which kept sticking, meaning I had to get help from the (still helpful) staff more than once to get into my room. Oh, and the seal around the bath plughole wasn't properly sealed, so a bath gradually leaked out down the drain when I was in it.But look, for the money and the location, it was absolutely brilliant. The staff did what they could for every problem, and couldn't have been nicer. (They are still repainting, by the way.) All in all, I would definitely stay there again when visiting London. Having lived in London for 7 years, I know what kind of thing you can expect and for how much money. This was an absolute bargain. And no sign of any cockroaches :-)The breakfast was okay - nothing very special, but fine, and hosted in the bar next door, which is quite &quot;cool&quot; (as I believe the young people say). Best way of getting there is to get to Aldgate East tube - it's literally 2 minutes walk around the corner.	
Nov 24 2006 	Are you really in London here?	Accommodation was ok as regards beds &amp; cleanliness. Hotel staff were a bit indifferent, with several reception staff seemingly chatting in russian. They were, however, helpful when we left our luggage for several hours at the hotel, since our flight was way past check-out time, and they did book us a private car (not a taxi) to take us to Victoria station for our departure flight from gatwick.The restaurant, where breakfast is served, was being refurbished during our stay. The meal itself was adequate but rather disappointing.Hotel location is near to tube &amp; to Petticoat Lane Market. The area is an ethnic south asian enclave - heaven if you love curries (which we don't!)The area right in front of the hotel is actually quite rundown. From our hotel room we saw several persons, both males &amp; females, on several occasions, entering the alley right across from the hotel entrance and relieving themselves. Truly a room with a view! Some visitors may find the neighbourhood rather intimidating.We chose this hotel only for its price, which was great and the triple room was of a decent size. Otherwise there is nothing to attract you here. Next time I visit London, I will be happy with a smaller room in a better area, even if we have no views from the room!	
Nov 8 2006 	Great Eastend location	Hotel is situated just off Whitechapel High Street at the start of Brick Lane.The hotel's website describes it as being in the financial district, this is not the case. The area is quite shabby but fascinating. Fantastic if you want to sample the multicultural Eastend of London. The markets - Whitechapel High Street ,(Sat.) and Petticoat Lane and Spitalfields (Sun am.) are great. Loads of cafes, coffee bars and cheap curry houses.Good transport links to the rest of London. Hotel room was quite basic but was big and clean, the beds were comfy. Breakfast good. Staff efficient and friendly. Would stay here again.	
Oct 29 2006 	Good location	Good location. We stayed for 5 nights. Nice big room. Friendli staff free copy of daily newsaper. Breakfast above average served in restaurant. Easy access to the U-ground East-Aldgate just 100m away. From the room we had a view to the &quot;Cucumber-building&quot;. Bricklane or &quot;Bangla-town&quot; is the place to stay if you like authentic and good Indian/Pakistainian food. Nice and plenty restaurants within walking distance. And exiting stores with losts of different curries and spices. Would defnitely stay again. FH, Denmark	
Oct 19 2006 	Complete Dive! Do Not Stay Here	Complete Dump!Cockroaches in the bathroom, the bedlinen was not clean..Carpet was smelly and stained.Spend the extra money and get something better...ITS A DIVE	
Oct 9 2006 	This place is the entrance to Hell	I've stayed in hotels all over the world, in some of the worst cities, but far and away, this hotel ranks right up there with the plague. For starters, they don't have modern computer systems running the place, and when I checked in, they were scrambling to figure out who was staying where mostly with notepads and paper. The staff was not trained, and nothing seemed to function (internet service was down the entire time I was there). When I booked a non-smoking room, they said they couldn't accommodate me (originally). When I told them I was leaving, all of a sudden, a room opened up.DO NOT CHECK LUGGAGE WITH THIS HOTEL. If you're foolish enough to stay in the place, note that their checked luggage room consists of a piece of wire that they place through the handles of the luggage, which is kept OUT IN THE OPEN, IN FRONT OF THE DESK. My laptop was stolen while in their care, and the police said that there's nothing to be done about it. My travel agency (Peak Travel) said the hotel is not liable for it, so I say, fine. HERE'S THE WARNING TO EVERYONE. DO NOT LET YOUR TRAVEL AGENCY BOOK YOU HERE.The hotel is located in a section of London that routinely has police cars going through it, so if you like siren noises and police tape around crime scenes, this place is for you.	
Oct 8 2006 	basic but clean...could do with some TLC	Stayed for 3 nights for the tattoo convention at the Trueman brewery. For us, ideal location. Right by the tube and the convention...also within walking distance of Tower bridge &amp; we even walked by teh river as far as westminster- bit of a hike but nice on a dry day. Also, the hotel was taken over by many other convention goers, so a nice atmosphere.Room very clean but shabby &amp; really needs updating. Adjacent bar/ restaurant The Lane is very popular &amp; contemporary but doesnt match the hotel...if they refurb the hotel in the same vain then its a winner.Only paid £190 for 3 nights which is about right, certainly doesnt command the £150 per night rate as stated in the hotel.First day had to ask for batteries for remote, pillows, glasses and then as the days went by everything we used, i.e soap, tea bags were not replaced &amp; we had to keep asking for refills.Ask for a room at the rear of the hotel as brick lane is VERY busy and noisy. Bins are emptied at night, curry houses never seem to close and constant alarm &amp; car noises. So, a pretty noisy stay.Free breakfast is ok, again if I'd paid £150 per night I'd be kicking off. But if its just cereal, tinned fruit and toast you are after to start your day off then you get exactly that. Times are strict though, come 10am its all been cleared away.Staff are pleasant enough but bit of a clash of culture with regards to customer service as most are Polish or Eastern European...standards of service &amp; what is expected in a hotel seem to differ.All in all, stay was pleasant enough but a paint job &amp; customer service overhaul would be recommended.	
Aug 10 2006 	Stay away if you don't like insects!	On arriving at the hotel we were pleasantly surprised, the reception area was lovely as was the hotel bar. Our room was a decent size with 3 single beds, and although the bathroom was quite small it was an acceptable size. However, as we put our cases on the ground a bug ran out by my feet, then in the bathroom another one. Over the first 2 days there was 6 of these bugs running around the carpet. As there was only 4 hangers in the wardrobe and we were living out of our cases, we had to put the cases up on our beds in case they crawled in. The worst part was on our last day, while brushing my teeth i saw something on the ground in the bathroom....a huge cockroach. The side panel on the bath was falling off and he ran back under that before I could do anything. As it was our last day we didn't bother complaining about the incident, just kept the bathroom door closed and blocked off with a towel. The bugs may have been out in force as the weather was so so hot (approx 28 degrees) but to be honest that didn't make us feel any better! Apart from that the hotel was fine, the staff were friendly and the breakfast was satisfactory also. The hotel is a 10 minute walk from Liverpool Street Station and just around the corner from Aldgate station, so it's not difficult to get around, however if you are looking for something central, this may not be the best choice.	
Jul 13 2006	Affordable helpful and relatively convenient to sites	The City Hotel is a good place to stay at a good price. We booked early 5 months in advanced and paid $160 per night for a quad room for two couples. Generously, they let us check in early by an hour and permitted us to leave our luggage the morning we got in from the airport. They have a helpful, multilingual staff. The Aldgate Easte metro stop is within 3 blocks. They serve a descent breakfast. Be sure to be in before too late. Women should be accompanied after dark, as in any large city. If back in London, I would return to the City Hotel.	
Jul 10 2006	The City Hotel London UK	My hustand and I and our two teenage sons, stayed at the City Hotel on 6/19 and 6/29. The hotel is clean though a bit run down (they are renovating), the front desk staff are helpful though not terribly friendly and we found our accommodations sufficient. If you are staying in this hotel in the summer beware because they do not have any air conditioning. 6/19 was cool so I didn't notice it but when we returned on 6/29 they had the windows opened (no screens) and a dusty fan running. Our room on 6/29 was in the front of the hotel which is terribly noisy with the cars and trucks racing up the road - I had a difficult time falling and staying asleep through the noise. The hotel is in a so-so area. If you take the underground, exit at East Aldgate - its less than a minute walk from the station. We were fine returning in the early evening but I would not have wanted to walk around by myself after dark. While eating breakfast on 6/20 the local police stopped a car and questioned &amp; frisked the three young African American men right outside the hotel dining room window before letting them go. The breakfast they provide was so-so. Cold cereal, various types of juices, what looked to be slices of american cheese and ham, toast, rolls, coffee, tea. It couldn't compare to what we had in Paris, Rome &amp; Florence. The bright spot was the Indian restaurant at the corner, Clifton's. The food was EXCELLENT!! I highly recommend the chicken korma and mushroom rice - FANTASTIC -- Also, very good naan.	
May 30 2006	Okay but with some disappointments	I went there with my 18 months old daugter, my mother, and my brother for an extended weekend holiday of 4 nights. I booked a triple room with a crib through londonnights at the rate of 64£ per night. I had read the tripadvisor reviews regarding the above average sized spacious rooms with lounge areas and was expecting real value for money. What a huge disappointment! The room was the typical shoe-boxed sized London hotel room with three single beds squeezed inside and barely with a little spot where we could put up the crib for the baby. The rooms at the hotel obvoiusly come in various sizes and not all of them are spacious as described in previous reviews.The walls were rather sound proof but the doors were NOT. We could very clearly hear anyone passing by the hallway. However, we were on the fourth floor and not at all disturbed by the noisy bar and loud music. The room was fairly clean however I found some blond hair on the floor besides my bed (our whole family has dark brown hair!!). The bathroom was small, yet clean with toiletries and even had a tub. Everything was in order except for the huge crack in the sink.We quickly realized that some of the amenities that was supposed to be present in ALL rooms according to the website was NOT present. There was no hair dryer, even though it was listed in the brochure. A disappointment since I didn't bring my own because I trusted the amenities' list. The hotel was also supposed to have wireless internet according to the brochure, but we couldn't get our laptop to catch anything. When we asked the reception they told us that we had to get a voucher for 3£ (about 6 US$) which lasted for one hour's internet access only!! What a wrip off!Regarding the hotel staff it is true that they might not all be that fluent in English. Also it was the most indifferent staff that I have ever encountered upon. They were not rude or anything, just so indifferent. They just sat there behind the desk with no facial expressions at all. Never a smile or a 'have a nice day' or 'good morning' or anything. I often passed through the lobby alone with my toddler in the stroller and not even once did anyone of them engage themselves in common courtesy gestures such as holding the door for me. They just sat there with stone faces like they could care less. Not a warm welcoming feeling at all.Actually the best and most positive thing about the hotel was the unique location. We found the Asian atmosphere quite charming and the curry smells were alluring. Since we only eat halal food it was truly a prime location. We were also very happy to find out that the hotel is just a 3 minutes' walk away from the beautiful East London Mosque. All in all a very interesting and multicultural neighbourhood. We also felt very safe and were not at all bothered by anyone on the streets. The tube station Aldgate East is less than a minute's walk and just a couple of stops away from most of the London sights. If we were ever to stay here again it would ONLY be because of the unique location since one does not find many hotels in that part of town. I would only recommend this hotel to people who are openminded, tolerant and not prejudiced towards other religions and cultures. If your are the oldfashioned conservative type...better stay in the West End!!	
May 24 2006	Turned around and left	We booked four nights in this hotel, but upon seeing it, we left. We booked this hotel through Hotwire, hoping to stay in the City (London's financial district). This hotel appeared within that zone. Unfortunately, it isn't. In fact, I've appealed to Hotwire to change its map. City Hotel sits in Whitechapel, according to the Rough Guide to London, and according to my personal observation. Whitechapel is home to London's Bangladeshi community. Community life centers on Brick Lane. Osborn Street, the street in which the hotel sits, turns into Brick Lane. Whitechapel has traditionally been an immigrant neighborhood. While the area is rich in history and hosts several markets that are worth visiting, it isn't where I would choose to stay in London. While it is close to the Tower of London, it doesn't offer the leafy charms and comforts of the West End. If you stay here, know that this isn't a neighborhood of shiny skyscrapers and clean streets. In other words, it isn't the City. The streets aren't lined with upmarket boutiques and eateries, as in the West End. This is a working-class neighborhood. The hotel's security seemed iffy. The streets immediately surrounding the hotel are not the cleanest or loveliest in London. The area is quite congested. City Hotel staff leave two sets of lobby doors wide open to the street, which made me uncomfortable. A local man asked us rather forcefully by a local to liberate a payphone we were using just outside the hotel. A homeless person came up to my partner, engaged him in conversation, and asked for money. Upon checking in and taking the elevator to our floor, we found several housekeepers smoking and listening to loud music at the end of the corridor. They had left the stairwell door open, and smoke permeated not only the hallway, but also our room. This was, to me, a sign of poor management. Staff should have assigned smoking areas and not disturb guests with music. The room itself left much to be desired. Although it was very large and included a living room and small kitchen, it was very depressing. The lights were dim, and the decor was extremely dated. With just one window (in the kitchen), the smoke smell in the bedroom did not dissipate, and the place felt gloomy, even on a relatively sunny day. One of the lights in the bedroom didn't work. The living room had an odd assortment of furniture in flowery, old-fashioned patterns. While I appreciated the collection of magazines left for guests, this could not make up for the room's other failings. I would have preferred a much smaller space with better furnishings. We found the hotel staff less than willing to help. When we complained about not receiving BBC1 in our room, staff said that the hotel did not receive the channel. This would be the US equivalent of not receiving CBS, ABC, or NBC. We found it hard to imagine. During several visits to England, I've never stayed in a hotel or B and B that offered television and did not receive BBC1.Some staff members spoke less-than-fluent English. When we said we would be leaving, one member responded, &quot;Where is problem?&quot; We cancelled our reservation and stayed in another hotel, where we were much happier. Staying in Notting Hill and, later, Kensington meant that we could explore the neighborhood around our hotels without taking the Tube. Whitechapel is far off most tourists' paths. It isn't an area I would want to spend my trip exploring. Although I left my name and phone number at the hotel, the general manager has not responded. The City Hotel offers cheap rates for London ($77, in our case), but we were pleased to pay more to stay in a hotel that felt more up-to-date and secure. The hotel's star rating is 3, but I didn't feel that it merited this rating. I would give it 2 stars at best. I have been to Europe several times. This latest trip was 3 weeks long and included about 7 hotels. The City Hotel was the worst of the lot.	
May 9 2006	Good Value great location for sight seers!!	We went to London for one weekend to do some sight seeing and so decided to book a hotel online before hand. We found the City Hotel and decided to go for it because it looked quite smart and was good value (in comparason to most of the other London Hotels). The Room was quite basic with a TV, Tea and Coffee etc but had everything we needed. A menu for the restaurant downstairs was left in our welcome file however when we went downstairs to the Restaurant it was closed (would have been nice if they told us when we checked in). We were however told that they were doing food in the bar (same menu) but the bar is very lively and quite noisy so we opted to go for a meal in one of the local restaurants nearby. There is a lot to choose from in the area but mainly Indian. When returning we went to bed but found that the walls were quite thin and next door was obviously getting ready to go out (11pm) and we could hear all the conversations going on. They eventually left and then returned to their room at 4am, I was so tired that I fell straight back to sleep. The hotel was in a very handy spot in the East end of London. There is a Tube right around the corner which was extremely handy as we were sight seeing all over from the Science Museum to the Tower of London. The area was a bit run down but the Hotel was fine. The staff were very helpful and friendly. Overall I would recommend this hotel to people who are looking for good value and who need to be close to the city centre.	
Mar 8 2006	Saved by the Service.	Myself and a friend stayed in the City Hotel at a very keen week-end rate.The first floor room was Very spacious,well above the going rate for Hotel Rooms in London.Clean and well presented bathroom and all the requisites in good order.Our problem became apparent on Sat night when a seriously effective sound system began operations at a Private Party in the Bar.The Hotels own guide did warn of music in the Bar until 0100 but when this came and went my companion had to visit the reception to see if we could be moved or the music (and Vibes) turned down.Neither proved possible and this resulted in letter of complaint to the Manager.All of this might seem negative and result in the City Hotel getting a raspberry were it not for the exemplary manner in which the Duty Manager and the General Manager dealt with our complaint the following day (Sun).The duty Manager herself met us and acknowledged the strength of our complaint,apologised for the inconvienience and advised us that we would recieve a refund of the charge for that night.The Bar/Restaurant has only recently been refurbished and it seems that the only area skimped on was some acoustic panels to prevent the upward escape of noise.The moral of the story is that if U are staying over a Sat night then avoid the first floor rooms facing the front...unless of course u are a party animal in which case disregard all this.All in all the City Hotel is a very attractive location for anybody looking for a hotel in the REAL London and the warren of side streets and markets in the immediate vicinity make for a very interesting browsing experience.	
Feb 12 2006	wow- much much better than expected	a friend booked us into this hotel whilst feeling adventurous. I had told her I liked the area but after she booked it I was bit nervous and wondered if I really liked the area enough to stay there. I was very pleasantly surprised at the quality of the City Hotel. I've stayed all over London in various 2 star to 4 star hotels, B &amp;Bs and apartments and this was a great value. My twin room on the 4th floor had a view of the 'gherkin' and basically had a balcony, it was so large that if this had been a west end B&amp;B I would have expected to walk in and find 4 or 5 beds filling every inch of floor space. It was the most spacious room, very clean, bright (although my pictures don't do it justice), and it's stocked with tea making equipment and a large empty fridge- not a silly minibar with items you're afraid to dislodge for fear of paying hefty prices. Despite being in the city, I found it very quiet and had no trouble sleeping.The breakfast was continental served in a modern restaurant through the nice hotel bar, and was substantial enough. There was apparently internet access on one of two computers in the clean bright lobby, but they weren't working during my three day stay. My mates room was rear facing and also large, but had a FULL KITCHEN! oven, hob, microwave, sink, utensils, everything. not neccessary for 3 days but certainly very good to know for future trips.The hotel is off the aldgate east tube stop (District) which is on whitechapel. I love spitalfields market (sunday) and the area of Brick Lane. I do think the area would be daunting for a first time visitor, or someone who wants to stay closer to common tourist attractions, but if you've done all that already and want a nice clean, large room with good value for money, put the City Hotel at the top of your list.	
Feb 7 2006 	Good Value Friendly Hotel	I stayed for 4 nights while on a course. I only paid £55 per night for a double room which had a double and a single bed. I noticed the rack rate was £160. here was a good nicely tiled bathroom with the usual toiletries. A fridge and a kettle. The room was spacious. The room was very clean as was the bed linen. The hotel bar and restuarant are good. The staff are very helpful and friendly. I can also recommend the Clifton restaurant (Indian) at the end of the street for excellent Indian food in lovely surroundings.	
Feb 6 2006	Be brave and this hotel could turn into your favorite!	This hotel does amazing weekend special offers. It is in Brick Lane with its vast collection of indian restaurants. It is not traditional classic London but is near all the 'trendy areas' whitechapel, spitalfields etc. You can easily walk thru the 'City' with all its incredible buildings right up to Convent Garden. The hotel is a bit on the tired side, little bit scruffy but for £40 a night it is brilliant I have stayed in quite a few costing double that are barely as good. Comfortable, Good breakfast, good security, clean, good bathrooms, private parking, 2 minutes from Aldgate East Tube station which takes you anywhere. 10 mins walk from Tower Bridge...when we were there it was a tube strike and we walked everywhere. It is not the usual tourist Victoria/Hyde Park area but if you want to see, and live, some of the 'real London' then it is a gem.	
Jan 30 2006 	ok hotel - good location	Stayed 2 nights here.It is a very good location and very nice staff there.But it is well below average in any other ways.There were no bugs and that I thank for.Floors very dirty.Bed linen clean and toilet but mattresses not and the linen skipped off.Do not go there unless you are on business and simply come in there to sleep.I would not take my family there.Breakfast very simple, but you can order omeletts etc.But it is cheap so you don´t have high demands.	
Jan 16 2006	Unusual but good-value hotel	The City Hotel is located on Osborn Street, which is effectively &quot;Brick Lane before it becomes Brick Lane&quot; - so it's very convenient for some of the best Indian food in Britain, and just a few minutes' walk from Liverpool Street, round the corner from Aldgate East tube.I can't fault this hotel for value, at least at the discounted prices offered - I booked a room for £45 a night and ended up getting a suite with bedroom and lounge areas, kitchen and bathroom!The room was clean and the furniture comfortable, although in a 3* hotel I'd expect more than the five analogue terrestrial telly channels.The decor was mostly OK - interesting murals on the wall of the lounge area! - but some of the fixtures and fittings were in need of a lick of paint. My room was at the back of the hotel with a rather grotty view over back yards.There was some noise from the bar on Saturday night, but this was not excessive.The staff were friendly and efficient, and a breakfast buffet was included in the room rate - I didn't try this but there were good smells coming from the breakfast room! (Neither did I try the restaurant, but the menu looked OK).Certainly a good option for the budget-conscious traveller and a decent place to crash out after a long day wandering around London.It does slightly have the feel of a more basic hotel that's been upgraded to meet the requirements for three stars rather than one that's always been that way, but at the price I paid it's hard to quibble, especially given the amount of space I had!	
Jan 3 2006	Fantastic hotel in the East End.	After reading some of the reviews I was a bit wary about staying at the City Hotel but my boyfriend and I could not have been happier.We've stayed in a number of London hotels, both luxury and budget, and the City Hotel is both value for money and very comfortable. Most hotel rooms in London tend to be on the small (tiny!) side (unless you're willing to pay a small fortune), but the City Hotel provides spacious rooms. Ours was complete with bath/shower, fridge, tv, a double and a single bed. The room was always cleaned to a high standard and there was no pressure to be out of the room by a certain time in the morning to enable the room to be cleaned. Staff were very polite and helpful. Breakfast was as you would expect for a continental breakfast - cereal, toast, fruit juices, a fine start for a day of sightseeing. The hotel is also only one stop away from Tower Hill where you can visit the Tower of London and London Bridge. The area isn't the greatest but it is the east end. If you want surroundings with rows of white-washed buildings and tree-lined streets, stay in the west end (such as near Paddington station), although you won't find the same standard of hotel for such a great price as the City Hotel. The hotel is a 30 second walk from the tube station and there are plenty of places to eat in this area - from the great Indian restaurant on the left of the hotel called the Clifton (apparently a favourite of local footballers and models), to KFC and Burger King for junk-food junkies. There's also a small local shop that you can stock up on drinks and snacks etc.Overall, we had a great 5 night stay in this hotel, and can't say we have much to complain about! I noticed some people mentioned the noise in the surrounding streets at night-time but you are staying in a big city! Noise (and it wasn't even that bad compared to other cities i've stayed in) is pretty much to be expected, whatever city you stay in - London, Paris or New York. If you want a quiet, relaxing break go stay in the country!Will definitely be looking to stay here in the future, excellent hotel. :)	
Dec 28 2005	bagels	We always stay at the City Hotel,Visitors should be aware that it is situated in the East End the area can appear seedy to a newcomer but with an open mind you will have the chance to experience real London.The hotel staff are friendly and efficient,rooms spacious and clean,ample buffet breakfast.lively bar attached with a pleasant atmosphere.Good public transport links to the West End try the 25 bus and see some famous London landmarks including St.Pauls cathedral.	
Dec 5 2005	Average stay	Stayed here for 2 nights in a room for four (2 single beds + 1 double bed). The location is ok since it's fairly close to Liverpool St where you can get to e.g. Stansted express. Otherwise you need to take the tube to center which takes some time but the Aldgate East station is around the corner.The traffic noise from the nearby street may be a bit too loud, but it settles later in the night a bit and some can even sleep when the room's phone is ringing. Water dripping made some noise in the bathroom; hopefully there's no leakage in the pipes inside the wall.The breakfast included (tea, coffee, cereal, yoghurt, toast, juice) was good and service ok.	
Nov 21 2005 	What you pay for is what you get	Stayed here recently for 2 nights with my boyfriend who was in London on a course. The rooms are a little on the retro side, and I hate it when you're sold a Double only for it to be two single beds pushed together with nothing to hold them in place!Cleanliness of room was absolutely fine, no problems with bed bugs at all, and breakfast is good and served in the much more stylish bar downstairs!All in all, a fairly average soulless hotel. You might as well stay in a Travel Lodge.	
Nov 19 2005	Stay away	Seedy location. Bed bugs left multiple sores on chest and back.	
Oct 24 2005 	Very pleasantly surprised	There is a shortage of hotels in East London and lets face it, the area isnt great. Its not the kind of spot you go on vacation. However I had business to tend to nearby so I needed to find a hotel and it was very easy to get to, being right near Aldgate East station.I paid £55 for a 'family room' sleeping 4, though there were 2 of us staying. My hopes were not particularly high.However I was impressed by the interior of the hotel. The reception and bar 'The Lane' which belongs to the hotel were very modern and clean. We were checked in quickly and I was also surprised to find a porter in the lift who took us to our floor. Something you very rarely get in a 3* hotel, especially in E1!I reached my room and myself and my partner were quite shocked. Hotel rooms in London are notorious for being poky. However this was the size of an apartment. There was a kitchen, lounge, large bedroom with a single and double bed, and a bathroom with a shower over the bathtub.The equipment in the room included a desk, table and chairs, sofa, armchair, dressing table, microwave, television, display cabinet (admittedly rather random), trouserpress etc.It was all slightly mismatched and ok, a little shabby, but still very pleasing to see. The room was quite hot as I believe someone else mentioned, but there were two big fans which cooled us down.The wall in the lounge had a handpainted mural of a beach (again, random!) and it was as though they had to tried to recreate a Tuscany villa in East London!We had a comfortable stay, and were able to cook microwave meals and enjoy an evening in with plenty of space. The next morning we had a complimentary breakfast. You can pay about a fiver for a full English but we just stuck to the free menu. This included toast, juice, cereal, croissants - the usual.We also checked out easily. Overall I was very pleased with my stay. I had been expecting a small dark untidy room but instead was met with a very big and clean one. If you need to stay in East London I would recommend it. I will be booking again.	
Aug 23 2005	Seemingly Average	The price i paid was pretty much what i got. It was £55 i paid for a one night stay there. The area around the hotel is seemingly blane and boring. Liverpool street which is only down the road is very nice. The hotel is literally a 45 second walk to aldgate east tube station which is on the district tube line and hammersmith and city tube line. If you would prefer the metropolitan tube line, algate mainstation is only a further 3 minute walk away. With the tube so close this hotel is no more than 10 mins from any central london destiantion. The West end is very close by tube. I stayed on the 5th floor, room 511 and it was very warm for some reason. The windows only open an inch or 2 and are very old, need replacing really. The whole hotel seems slightly washed out in colour and effect, the colour scheme is generally cream and a washed out red. The do have internet access in the reception but it is very public and anything you wanted to have a look at privately online wouldnt be applicable. Your not allowed to take the key out from the hotel and have to hand it in at reception before leaving and collect again on return. The room it self was of standard size, seemed clean but constantly reminded it wasnt so clean with the cream off white colour of everything. The bathroom was average hotel sized, shower total crap, the shower is in the bathtub and when you turn it on it forces the head up and the water is firing at the back wall, right onto all the dry towels at the back of the bath on the towel rail. But saying all this, it was only £55 and in london which is very expensive, as i do live here too in the suburbs, it does come with the saying that you get what you pay for. I think it was ok saying that but i doubt i'll return again. Comfy pillows though. Those squishy ones.	
Jun 25 2005	Would not go back...ever.	The refrigeratordid not work. We conplained and were told they were not designed to keep things cold, only to keep sandwiches from going bad. We tried to order room service...they told me they don't actually have room service. Best of all, I got dozens of bug bites after sleeping in one of their tiny beds.Oh, and the neighborhood is very seedy.	
Jun 23 2005	Excellent value		
Jun 12 2005	Not recommended for families 		
May 30 2005	Excellent Value for money hotel		
May 16 2005	Hen Nights Made welcome		
May 13 2005	Great hotel not so good location		
Mar 11 2005	Good family value		
Feb 17 2005	very good hotel		
Aug 28 2004	Very good value		
Aug 20 2004	excellent value		
Nov 17 2009 	Zona excelente y muy buena relación calidad-precio		
Sep 5 2009 	Buon rapporto qualità prezzo. Pulito. Ottimo servizio.		
Aug 13 2009 	Hotel viejo poco cuidado y sucio		
Jun 18 2009 	Hotel pulito e accogliente in un quartiere particolare		
May 26 2009	Super Lage nette Personal guter Preis bei Online-Buchung		
May 18 2009 	Buena relación calidad-precio y situación excelente		
Apr 14 2009 	charmant		
Jan 26 2009	excellent rapport qualité/prix		
Dec 29 2008 	Grenzwertig		
Oct 11 2008	Decadencia en estado puro		
Sep 18 2008 	City Hotel Londra		
Aug 15 2008 	Maravilloso		
Aug 7 2008 	für den Preis o.k.		
Jul 29 2008 	Zentral-günstig-ok		
May 25 2008 	tolles hotel in super lage		
May 14 2008 	simple		
May 1 2008 	Nice staying		
Mar 12 2007 	Correcto		
Aug 13 2006 	el hotel de las cucarachas		
