Nov 23 2009 	Good Location and clean hotel but nothing special	The hotel is in a very nice location which is very close to the Baker street tube station and close enough to Oxford street.  It is very clean and I did not have any problems with noise. However the heating did not work very well, I had to turn on the heating on the maximum temperature and even then I was feeling cold at night. In addition the door of the bathroom is all made of glass and it is a sliding door (thus it doesnt closes perfectly) so you dont have a lot of privacy!Fortunately the actual toilet is behind the shower, so it is difficult to be seen when you are using it.There are an ironing board and a bathin wrap provided and there is also a mini bar. Another bad thing is that you could see trays with dirty dishes and glasses outside of some rooms in the corridors and that makes you feel a little bit disgusted.. The staff were friendly and very helpful. They can keep your suitcases in a room next to the reception even after checking out if you dont want to carry them around for the whole day. But when you are going to check in, you are asked for a room's deposit of 25 pounds, even if you have paid fully the amount and ofcourse they are giving it back to you when you check out if everything was alright. I did not go the restaurant but I did not like its style when I saw it. It looks &quot;cheap&quot; in a bad way.. There is also a fitness centre (e.g sauna, gym) but I havent used it. I would recommend that to a friend for 2-3 nights if the price was much lower than 160 pounds.	
Nov 3 2009 	A huge let down!	This hotel was a huge let down to my partner and me.When we searched for the hotel on the net it was described as a contemporary boutique style hotel. Well it was none of these, it is in fact a mish mash of lots of things, as you walk in you are immediately in the bar and have to walk through to the reception then you are asked even when you have already paid in full for a deposit on your room which is not mentioned on any site! Then we went to our room and it was nicely presented on initial inspection, then you notice that the room is not contempary at all it is Old fashioned and out dated circa 1950 the furniture was chipped and old all the furniture looks like it was bought from a house clearance store!!!! The bedding was ripped, paint was peeling off the bathroom walls and the room was poorly lit, there were no bedside lamps so at night it was very dark in there one advantage though was the light from a street lamp outside. So we would certainly not stay here again and would tell anyone else who wishes to book this hotel that all is not what it seems in the brochures and on the websites.	
Nov 2 2009 	Slightly quirky and needs to brush up its act but I would go back.	Rather a mixed experience here. The location is good being close to Baker Street Tube and with a range of restaurants and pubs nearby (and a tesco next door). Long waits at reception both to check in and out. The bedroom was large and well furnished but with a jutting out step between the bed and the bathroom which was a major health and safety hazard. Despite having two TVs, neither worked which was irritating (I know if we had been particularly bothered we could have got it sorted). There was a plate of fruit which would have been a nice touch if some of it had not gone mouldy! It was also fairly noisy which might have been partly due to the uncovered wooden floors. It was not what I expect from a London Park Plaza but I would consider going back.	
Oct 27 2009 	Unique modern with a historical twist wonderful experience!	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights to celebrate my husband's 30th. We had an executive suite: a separate bedroom and lounge. Modern wood floors, bathroom and bedding complimented the historical sherlock holmes bits and pieces which gave it a real unique and homely feel! We dined at the restuarant on the first night. Again, it was a real modern affair. Dishes were unique (pigeon, lobster and avocado etc) and served in a contempary way-they tasted wonderful too! We would definately stay at this hotel again. Unique modern rooms with a historical twist, perfect location near Oxford Street and gorgeous food!	
Oct 26 2009 	Nice clean good location	The hotel was very nice and clean. The rooms were spacious enough, bathroom was nice but I didn't like that the doors were made out of glass to see through...Our room was very quiet, no street noise what so ever. The staff was friendly and let us use the concierge PC for free to check in for our departure flight.The location was pretty good as well. You can either walk towards Oxford street, Picadelly Circus ect. (but at some point when you walk towards Big Ben it gets a bit of a stretch), or you can use the Tube on Baker Street which is five minutes away.We really liked the fact that the hotel was located right next to a small supermarket and also a Starbucks was only one minute away.	
Oct 22 2009 	Great Location	Great location - Oxford Street (10 mins) and West End (15) are easily walkable while Baker street tube is a couple of minutes away. We stayed in room 302 which was a superior double (note there is no normal double) room, long compact but nice.Generally service was ok, manageress is outstanding though. We ate in the restaurant and would reccomend it, nice food at reasonable cost. They played a mixture of low level 'dance and ambient' music which seemed a bit strange but not loud enough to be annoying or disrupt our conversation.Downsides - Bathroom door was sliding glass type and had frustrating habit of sliding back once opened but not always !!! Asked for 6am wake up call which never materialised, we set both our mobiles but could have been a problem if we were relying on call.Overall - Would we go back, definitely.	
Oct 18 2009 	A good hotel let down by the service	Perhaps I'm being a little mean giving the hotel an &quot;average&quot; rating. Had I not experienced a problem on the morning of check-out they would definitely have scored a &quot;very good&quot;. My room (303) seemed very nice, well appointed and reasonably clean. I was in a group of colleagues and clients and the bar and restaurant service was again very good (though one collegue did have problems with a room that was not up to scratch). My problem started when I realised that one of our group had accidentally picked up my mobile phone . I went straight to reception as I knew that if I could make a call I could get my phone back. They told me I would need to offer my credit card to enable calls from the hotel. I did this but still my room phone would not work (we later discovered that it was faulty). Reception then told me that the guest in question had checked out. I asked to be put through to one of my colleagues and was told that she had also checked out (which I knew to be untrue). I then learned from another of our group that the &quot;missing guest&quot; had not checked out at all. After an hour spent making enquiries and emergency arrangements, I returned to reception who pointed me to the bar area where I was reunited with my phone - the guest in question had returned it there some time earlier and the barman said he would hand it to reception - he never did! Of course I take responsibility for putting my phone down in a bar, however the total misinformation and lack of help from front-desk staff turned a minor mishap into a lengthy drama that could and should have been resolved in a matter of minutes.I'm sure I will stay at this hotel again, and indeed would look forward to doing so but I shall take anything I'm told on reception with a sizeable pinch of salt!	
Oct 8 2009 	Luxury rooms good price 	The Park Plaza Sherlock Holmes is a wonderful hotel conveniently located only 2 blocks from a major sight-seeing tour bus stop. The published room prices are a little pricey but we were able to book them at a very good discount. We were on holiday in Wales (from the USA) and wanted to spend our last couple of days in the UK sight-seeing in London. I had heard so many horror stories of London hotels not living up to expectations (small, dirty, not safe, not like the photos on the website, etc) that I was just a little nervous...until we arrived and we were totally pleased! The desk staff were totally professional and quite helpful. The room was more &quot;luxury&quot; comfortable, beautifully decorated and perfectly clean. The in-suite bathrooms are quite modern with above counter sink mounts, contemporary tile and frosted glass &quot;barn style&quot; doors. (Be aware, because the bathroom door is frosted glass, you do not have complete privacy in the bathroom...even with the door shut) Our room had a street view and was quite spacious (very much like American standards) It also included soap, shampoo, safe, phone, hairdryer, etc. Though my friend and I were on a budget, we were traveling with our two daughters and would be walking and using public transportation so we paid a little more for our hotel. It was definitely worth it. We did not eat in the hotel (breakfast buffet was quite expensive...15-22 per person as I recall) There were, however, local bake shops, some deli style shops as well as Starbucks and McDonalds for breakfast all within one block of the hotel. There were also a variety of restaurants and pubs within a two minute walk. The tube station is a short walk away and the local bus stop is just outside the front door of the hotel. We spent our days sightseeing on the red double-decker busses and really only spent our time sleeping at the hotel. I would highly recommend this hotel for families, single female travelers as well as business travelers. It's convenient, beautiful, has a full restaurant and bar, is close to public transportation and many places to eat. We would definitely come back here again.	
Sep 26 2009 	Location and friendly Service keep this hotel at the top !	Stayed four days at the PP Sherlock Holmes in Baker Street this week....an hotel I like to use owing to it's central location (I am an M &amp; S addict...) ...and to it's very friendly and service minded young international staff. (Even Mongolia, South Africa, Egypt and Malaysia were represented this time ! - in addition to Ukraine, Poland, France...etc etc..). I can only say that I had a wonderful stay ...thanks to all the really friendly &amp; helpful staff...not least Peter, Antonio and friends in the bar and their equally service minded colleagues at front desk and in the breakfast room.....service with a smile......it's so easy, but so many hotels cannot offer it ! Michelle Wells - you have made some good recruitment selections ! Your staff are more than half the success....Thanks....the room was perfect too.....outlook onto Baker Street....and the air con worked...could keep the room cool (which I like...). See you soon again I hope....Roger W. Moss, Norway	
Sep 23 2009 	I would stay again	Great location great staff, apart from the man at reception who when I asked to remind me of Sherlock Holmes address said firstly ' he was a fictional character sir ' and secondly '223' it was actually 221B Baker Street, London, and I know he is not real. Anyway good hotel, room was nice not sure if you want people in the bar that you should charge £4 for a bottle of guiness. Meal was okay steak so so, three mousse dessert was nice but unimaginative. Breakfast fine though could not find bacon or eggs other than scrambled, it was however somewhat spoiled by a very loud american who was biggin himself up as 'mr business' and who could be heard throughout the ground floor. If he was that big why was he not in the Dorchester? Stay you will enjoy.	
Sep 15 2009 	Amazing Hotel everyone should stay here.	This was a great hotel for leisure. The hotel is near the tube and the bus line, and it was very easy to get anywhere in London. The ambiance was striking, combing everything Sherlock Holmes and London.	
Sep 4 2009 	Great Hotel	Stayed here for a long weekend - would have loved to stay longer , but time constraints prevented this.The room was a good size and the ensuite bathroom was lovely , although the frosted glass door could be a bit off-putting ! Staff were friendly and the facilities were very good. Location was excellent too- I'll be back !	
Aug 30 2009 	Great hotel ... exceeded our expectations !	This hotel is the best we have ever had in London (and it's very hard to find a clean hotel in this city!!!). When we arrived the front desk girl was very friendly (I can't remember the name). We asked for a room with a nice view and she gave us a room on the Manzanine Level .. When we arrived in our room we noticed it wasn't clean yet (it was around 4pm) so my husband went down to the front desk and in 2 minutes they came to clean it. They apologized and told us to go to the bar where they gave us 2 complimentary drinks. The lobby is beautiful with lot of sofas. It was nice to stay there for a drink or an appetizer , there was always a nice atmosphere .The room was clean, the queen size bed was comfy , we had a cute view and it was very quiet (we always slept with the window open without hearing noises) ... The bathroom had tub and shower and it was very clean too.The breakfast was not included in our room rate but because when we checked our room was still dirty they gave us breakfast for free. They had a lot to eat (we loved the french baguette and the coffee was excellent). The service was great and the staff very friendly. This hotel definitely exceeded our expectations Also .. it's in a perfect location 5 minutes from Baker Street Tube.. and if you want to walk you can go down to Oxford Street and Hyde Park or north to Regent Park... there is also several restaurants near the hotel ..we went to dinner at Strada many times ( outside in the small terrace) and also at Pizza Express (but the pizza it's pretty much better at Strada!!!).. there is also a Starbucks .. McDonald, Nando Restaurant and a cool Pub on the corner from Baker Street and Marylbone Street. Next time we go to London we will definitely stay at Park Plaza Sherlock Holmes again!	
Aug 24 2009 	great staff and worth to stay there i'll be back	Very good atmosphere in this hotel. The room was spacious, clean and very comfy! Check inn very good and staff very helpful and nice. We had a room in the top. Great view to the opposite street. Room was refurbished. Nice bathroom with very comfy bathtube and shower. You got the feeling of beeing back in the times of Sherlock Holmes:-). Bed was soft and cushion bit too hard. Not so nice is the Mini Bar. Electronic counter, if you just move some of the items inside , it makes click and it is counted as taken on your hotel bill, so if you want to put some of your personal items to cool, inside. be careful. We stayed 3 nights there. When i go back to London i try to get this hotel again, if the price is ok.Beside hotel is a tesco supermaket with all daily needs. To Baker Street underground is a 2 minutes walk.	
Aug 16 2009 	Suited my needs..	Stayed here for gig in Wembley - perfect location as nearby tube station (Baker St) is on the same line as Wembley. The hotel was acceptable - but not fantastic. The beds in twin room were so close together, I had to move a heavy table so that we could each have a bit of breathing space. A bottle of wine was included in our rate, but I did have to request this. The most negative aspect of the stay was due to the disturbance in the morning - checkout was 12 noon; but housekeeping knocked on our door THREE times between 7am &amp; 9.30. I would advise anyone to put 'do not disturb' notice on door. The hotel also advertised sauna &amp; steamroom. the steamroom was very small &amp; looked a little grubby.. I couldn't get door open to sauna &amp; there were no staff in the area. The gym has minimal equipment; basically about 3 treadmills &amp; some free-weights. If you are looking for a place just to lay your head, it is a great spot.. nice location, so close to the tube. But, if you want a bit of luxury &amp; indulgence, I don't think this is the place. However, staff that I encountered were very pleasant &amp; if I needed hotel accomodation in London again, I would go back...	
Jul 13 2009 	We Love this hotel!	This was our 3rd visit to Sherlock Holmes and it gets better every time,We were celebrating our 10th Wedding anniversary and booked a loft suite and were not dissapointed.The room was fab,on split level,we had a downstairs bathroom and the main bathroom had a deep roll top bath and lovely double walk in shower,the bed was so comfy and huge!!,We had a nice welcome tray with wine and Molton Brown toiletries,we had loads of space.The staff were welcoming as they always are and are always helpful,peter from the bar made me some fab cocktails!.We will be coming back next year.	
Jun 27 2009 	A perfect stay in London	This hotel was recommended to us from a hotel that couldn't accommadate myself and 6 close school friends for a special trip to celebrate our 50th birthdays, close to Oxford street, it seemed to fit all our requirements as we had a trip planned to the treatre and for tea at The Ritz. the following day.I didn't know what to expect having read the reviews after booking I was concerened my girlfiends might be really disappointed, but immediately the appearance of the Park Plaza was spotlessley clean and well decorated, there are two enterences to this hotel the main one in Baker Street, our limo dropped us at the rear where we were greeted by a doorman. We made our way to reception, and were pleasently welcomed by the staff, we were asked by the dinning room manageress what we were celebrating, after telling her she invited us to the bar once we had seatled in for two complimentory bottles of wine, we were served by Antonio (Bar staff)he was very acommedateing by puting two tables together and making sure we were comfortable and had everything we needed, we ordered a selection of sandwiches, chips and burgers etc for lunch, the food we good quality and reasonabilly priced for London, our rooms were very spacious, with a bottle of water, tea, coffee and hot chocolate, and a lovely selection of summerfruits and various Molton Browne product. We had two adjoining superior rooms and one executive room ,this room had three single beds, two twin beds and one put you up which was fine but not as good as the twin beds. The bathrooms were spacious with good pressured shower, air con.use of ironing board and iron. Check out is 12pm but as we needed to keep a room to shower and dress for the Ritz they allowed us to have a late check out at no extra cost. Our breakfast was good, a good selection of cereal, fruit, juices, toast and ful cooked breakfast We thoughly enjoyed our stay here and will be returning very soon.Tina from Surrey	
Jun 15 2009 	A good London hotel	I often stay at the Sherlock Holmes for business - it is in a great location and has shops (Oxford St - 5 mins walk), restaurants, pubs etc on your doorstep. Jet lag has found me walking through Regents Park at 5am as it is just 2 minutes from the hotel. Rooms do vary in size - I have had a very small room to a large spacious suite - it seems to be the luck of the draw! That said, the rooms have always been clean and comfortable. The staff have always been friendly and helpful every time I have stayed. Considering the price of many London hotels, I find the Sherlock Holmes to be reasonably prices, particularly due to its location.	
Jun 10 2009 	Service Great	The staff went out of their way to help. My husband needed more coffee each morning and it was done with no complaints. We requested last minute tickets to The Lion King and they were able to get us great seats. Yes the room was small but the bathtub was huge. The manangement and all staff were always professional and very friendly.	
Jun 8 2009 	Very dissapointing rooms shabby 	Very dissapointed as booked this hotel for my husband's 40th birthday. We left our bags and were told we could check in at 2pm. When we returned at 5pm they weren't ready and we were given an inferior alternative. The receptionist couldn't understand english which was very frustrating. We'd booked a double room and were given a twin, the floor was uneven, the plug wouldn't fit in the sink. It looked nothing like the superior room we'd seen in photo on the internet sight. We did however get a free bottle of champagne from the manager as an apology but my husbands birthday had been ruined.	
May 25 2009 	the worst hotel I have ever stayed in	I was forced to sleep on my toilet floor in this hotel - it was so noisy. When I asked to be moved I was basically told to &quot;f' off&quot;.When the sun finally did come up I awaited my breakfast.I got two warm pieces of bread (supposed to be toast) and poached eggs which were actually off.When I complained (politely) I was marched off the premises and told I was not welcome there.I was disgusted and will enver go back.	
May 21 2009 	Make sure you are careful on what room you book...	When we arrived at this hotel, the exterior, lobby &amp; bar all looked great. Quaint &amp; clean. When we got to our room, it was not good. The furnishings &amp; bedspread were aged &amp; dated &amp; the carpet was stained. Our view overlooked some really ugly roof on another building. It really looked industrial out there. We hadn't booked the most expensive room but we also hadnt booked the cheapest. Luckily, I was too jet lagged to cry but my husband could still see this was not going to work. Since this was our belated honeymoon, he worked with one of the guys who worked there &amp; within a couple of hours, we had a much better room (small) but much newer w/a view of the main street &amp; I think it was just a minimal amount more than the other room. After we changed rooms, we had a great hotel experience &amp; really enjoyed the breakfast in the restaurant as well. So, just beware of the rooms &amp; how different they can be!	
May 21 2009 	Very Very Noisy in bar and reception areas	The location is, indeed, brilliant and it was nice to have a complimentary bottle of wine brought to the room and fresh fruit on the bedside table. Also, Reception will look after your luggage after check-out time which is helpful. Those are the good bits.... When you step inside this hotel, the noise is deafening. You have to wrestle through the (public) bar area, with luggage in tow, to get to Reception. I couldn't hear what the reception staff were saying to me, the noise being so bad that I actually winced, despite being hard of hearing! It must be something about the acoustics because, although the staff assured me that it was only due to a special event that evening, the noise was bad throughout my stay. A few times, I tried to order something at the bar but was completely ignored, so I gave up. My room was ok, apart from the view of a brick wall, and tea, coffee, etc., was never replaced by room staff. (There is a very useful Tesco Express almost next door.) Breakfast was very poor value, with limited foods which kept running-out, and a confusing system where some foods were extra but you don't exactly know what. Everyone is wandering around the small space, either confused or waiting for more bacon. I didn't find the shop... nor use the restaurant because it was situated near the bar area. The odd thing about my stay was that I didn't feel I was ever actually there. It certainly felt like I didn't exist but, unfortunately, I had the bill to prove it! The noise downstairs, along with a rather claustrophobic feeling of &quot;smallness&quot; was VERY stressful and I was quite glad to get out of there.	
May 19 2009 	Average London Hotel	Stayed in an executive double room which wasnt very exciting - one small window with horrible outlook which couldnt be opened, bathroom in need of redecoration with chipped tiles and mirror. Great location in the middle of Baker Street, bar and lounges downstairs much more appealing. Ok for one night but probably wouldnt go back at that price.	
May 6 2009 	Location is perfect	The location is the best thing in this hotel., its 3 mins from Baker St tube. Everything was fine during our stay, reception staff and housekeeping were all helpful. We didnt eat or drink here at all as there is so much on your doorstep that you dont have too. Our room was small but nice and modern, the bathroom (shower only) was really nice and the glass door is not as much of an issue as people here had made out- its totally fine- it doesn't face the toilet. Temp was fine, it is centrally controlled but there is a fan too. We felt this hotel was only value for money when the euro is strong- I would not stay here when the pound is strong. By the way the Indian restaurant (Indeli or something) down the road is really good.	
Apr 29 2009 	don't go!!!	the hotel if clean would have been amazing but we were not lucky at all;1) our room window looked out on to a brick wall!!! - seriously you should see the photos2) the inside room temp was up at 30 - and no matter how much you played with fan it would only brow out hot air - i guess cos it was march so slept outside covers all night3) the bathroom had really really bad black mould throughout - the toilet, shower and sink!this one is the best 4) there were toe nails on the rug at the end of the bed which i didnt notice until the next morning thankfully- although i did stand on them! yuk!!!!!!!!anyway although the place was nice i wouldnt go and id take cleaning products if you did - sadly this was ment to be a relaxing weekend away - it was the biggest disappointment ever as i had read the good review on this :(	
Apr 26 2009 	Excellent hotel excellent location	This hotel is in a perfect location, it's just beside the underground but you can also walk to Oxford St. and Madame Tussauds. It was clean, quiet and the staff were nice. It's surrounded by lots of cafes and there are a few restaurants and pubs nearby. The only complaint I'd have is that the breakfast is way too expensive but it's not a problem because there's a Tesco Express right next door. We'll definitely go back.	
Apr 9 2009 	So Private-was like the room was soundproof-we loved it	This was the only hotel i have ever been to that i absolutely felt at home-the staff were so guest oriented and consistent, it made it a more personal experience. The room was good size, bed was excellent quality and the bathroom was soooo relaxing, a tub big enough for 2 is rare in a hotel. I will definately return, even if it is just for an occasional night, was absolutely pleased.	
Apr 7 2009 	Lovely stay - much better than expected	Bit concerned after reading some of the previous reviews, but my husband and I really enjoyed our stay at the Sherlock Holmes. Our room was just what we wanted - good size, perfectly clean, cool and very quiet. The location is excellent and our rate was excellent value for money. We plan staying here again on our next visit to London	
Mar 24 2009 	Decent	Excellent location, room was nice and clean and beds were extremely comfortable.	
Mar 23 2009 	Spend your money wisely elsewhere..........	Having spent 4 days here last week i would strongly recommend that any traveller find another hotel in the massive choice London offers.The positives of this hotel are the location, close to central London/Oxford street etc.The staff were all very pleasant.The bar is quite nice to hang out in.The negatives.... the rooms... all look great on the website, in reality they are not!My husband was staying here, booked through his company, so we could not check out..,he had already moved rooms once after 2 days at hotel, i arrived to the room he had been moved to (he had gone to a course at a local school of econonmics, therefore had not seen the new room) to find it unbearably hot and stuffy. A central A/C controls temp, so your room display is useless; the windows had red warning signs on each declaring they were unsafe to open and not to try..... i did as i was passing out with the heat, but they did not budge. Temp in room read 28deg.... hideous.. called reception, they sent maintenance who explained they had not yet switched to central &quot;summer&quot; mode temp, still on winter, so heat, not cool air was pumping out of vent, regardless of setting you thought you had programmed on digital dispaly.Ridiculous in the gorgeous spring weather London was experiencing outside!I had selected 15 deg to cool unbearable room, total waste of time... you get what the hotel pumps out at you........... no windows to open.. a furnace!!! No way we could sleep there so requested a room with a window that functioned.Ended up in a room that overlooked huge A/C fan machinery........ but with no others available(believe me i complained long and hard) had to take it,as the windows opened and made the temp, daytime bearable. Night, we had to shut due to noise.The other huge annoyance of this hotel is the &quot;wooden&quot; or laminate flooring in areas, the room was a nightmare, you could hear the couple next door doing everything, when they walked around their bed, the flooring in our room bounced, literally moving your head off the pillow.Ridiculous. Without earplugs you could not have slept here, even my husband who can sleep through anything was defeated. The maid in the morning dragging her hoover behind her over wood floors was torturous...... for the money...........go somewhere else and enjoy a good nights sleep!!!!!	
Mar 22 2009 	Good night stop for central London	Good clean hotel a short walk from Marylebone Village and Oxford Street	
Feb 19 2009 	Great location at a good price.	Chose this hotel because of good reviews from Trip Advisor and reviews were pretty spot on. The lobby is very warm and inviting with a nice bar and plenty of sitting areas with fireplaces. Staff were friendly and very helpful.It was our first time in London and found the location of this hotel perfect for sightseeing as well as getting some quiet time in a local neighborhood. Marylebone is right around the corner with great shops and restaurants away from the hustle and bustle of Oxford Street. Also the Big Bus Tours start right up the street near Madame Troussou's.	
Feb 18 2009 	Typical London Hotel - poor value and service	To start with it cost a whopping £24 to park in nearby car park just for an overnight stay. My partner booked a one night Valentine Special package which turned out to be a nightmare. Our room was small and stuffy. Impossible to sleep as it was so hot and temp control did not work and if the window was opened then noisy air conditioning equipment from adjoining buildings also kept you awake. Service in Restaurant was appalling. We had to wait 15 minutes at our table before I had to ask the head waiter if anyone was going to take our order, no apology just a shrug of the shoulders. Also had to ask for welcoming drink which was suppose to be part of the package. Food was average and house wine was barely drinkable. There was never any evidence that this was a special valentine evening. Breakfast in the morning was just as bad, we were shown to a table which we found, somewhat embarrassingly, was still being used by other guest. Many of the items on the breakfast menu were not available and extras such as one poach egg cost £6. Throughout our brief stay we found the staff to be indifferent with no sense of customer care or appreciation. I pity all those poor tourist who book a week or more!	
Jan 30 2009 	Great hotel with character	I stayed 5 times at this great hotel in London. It is rather expensive (well it's London!) but definitely worth it! Certainly one of the best location in London and a very warm atmosphere inside with a great bar. Only minus : not very good when travelling with young children	
Jan 19 2009 	The Brown's hit the town!	Four of us stayed on the 10th January to celebrate my husbands birthday and my son-in-law's birthday. We arrived first and had some lunch which was OK. We booked in first and at 2pm went to our room (210) which was brilliant. We were facing the front with three windows. Our welcome tray arrived which had two small bottles of wine (one red, one white), biscuits,coffee, drinking chocolate, fruit, toiletries, slippers and a shoe horn. Plenty of reading matter on the table in front of the comfy couch. There was also a kettle with coffee/tea/drinking chocolate sachets and more biscuits under the telly. The bathroom had more toiletries (Molton Brown and Park Plaza Spa) with fluffy white towels. The bathroom had a blue glass door which was a little see-through but matched the contemporary decor. My daughter and son-in-law after seeing our room (which they thought was better than theirs) asked for another which they got. I went to see it and it was just as nice as ours. We had plenty of wardrobe space with an iron and ironing board. In the next wardrobe was a safe. Instead of a Bible, I found a collection of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle novels! We had a wonderful nights sleep and a very good breakfast in the morning to finish off our stay. We would definitely stay at this Hotel again.	
Jan 14 2009 	Very good central London hotel	I have stayed here twice in the last year with my boyfriend and would definitely recommend it. Booked a studio suite and was definitely worth the price - very spacious room, lovely comfy bed and nice seating area. Welcome tray includes water, extra toilettries, also you get two magazines - one for men (think it was GQ) and one for women. Only problem with the room is the the bathroom door - its a glass sliding door and parts of it are see-through. Not great for privacy, but does look fancy. Wasn't a problem in our room as it was so big but in smaller rooms maybe it would be?Hotel breakfast is much better now that they have introduced a cooked breakfast - they used to only have continental available. Service at breakfast time and at the bar in the evenings was excellent. Didn't feel the drinks were overpriced - slightly more expensive than normal but thats to be expected in the centre of London.Concierge was fantastic. They booked us taxis, were able to recommend places to eat and theres umbrellas at the door if its raining outside. Its the extra things like this that make this hotel better than other places we have stayed. Love the boutique style of the hotel and though it is on Baker Street - we were not affected by traffic noise at all. Location is excellent - 10 minutes walk away from Oxford Street and the nearest tube station is about 3 minutes. Tesco's is right beside the hotel as well so if you can't afford the drinks in the hotel its easy to get a carry-out!	
Jan 11 2009 	Superb Sherlock Holmes Hotel *****	Me and my Fiance stayed at this hotel for 2 nights whilst coming to London to see Les Miserables and it was great! located right beside Baker Street Tube station \nd is easy walking distance approx 5-10 mins to Oxford Street. We were offered an upgrade on arrival we had previously booked without breakfast and were offered for an extra £10 per night each we would receive a better room and breakfast.The room was fantastic, absolutely enormous with a four poster bed, very modern.The staff were brilliant, there is a lovely bar and restaurant located within the hotel as well as numerous very close by. I would def stay here again and recommend it to everybody.	
Jan 5 2009 	A Mixed Bag	Just spent six nights at the Sherlock Holmes in London and like the actual trip it was a mixed bag. First the pluses...excellent location with easy access to public transport, eateries, and shopping. The room was a good size and the location is quiet. The towels are also super big which may seem like an odd comment but that stood out to me. Now for the drawbacks...the service was somewhat lukewarm. We had issues with a lost possession and didn't really get much help. The concierge service was also not very good. I usually don't use a concierge in hotels but being in a new country we were quite dissapointed with the lack of knowledge of the area and attractions. The hotel also charges for everything...1 pound per minute for local calls?!? COME ON! Charging for basic movie channels like HBO type channels...even the Super 8 gives you basic movie channels! The internet charge was not bad at 20/25P per minute. We were also always missing something everytime we returned at the end of the day such as soap, wash cloths, etc. The bathroom was fine I guess but I was with my husband. I can't imagine sharing that room with anyone else. Our room didn't allow for a direct view into the bathroom but the glass door and shower were very odd. Not sure I would stay here again with all the other options available in London	
Dec 17 2008 	Not as good as my first experience	This is my second time staying in this hotel. It is in a great location - it has a wide range of eateries on either side of its premises, on Baker Street, and is very close to the Baker Street Tube station, which is well serviced by a number of underground lines. It's also very close to a Giraffe restaurant, which my wife and I love - good food, great atmosphere and reasonably priced. My first experience of staying in this hotel was extreme - I couldn't fault anything, from the room to the service. However, this time round it wasn't as good. The room we stayed in had a foul stench, which was like a sewage smell. Even after opening the windows and having the AC on for a while, the smell would continue to return. It wasn't unbearable, but it wasn't very nice to have this foul odour in the room. We didn't complain until check-out, as we weren't staying for many nights - and weren't in the room that much - but the receptionist wasn't very apologetic and kind of dismissed the issue as if it wasn't important. We thought we were doing the hotel a good turn by informing them of this, so as to improve the situation for future guests' comfort. We also found that the breakfast staff were not overly friendly and the service was poor at times. Apart from that, this is a great looking hotel in a fantastic location.	
Dec 14 2008 	One of the quietest hotels in London	Very quiet and reasonably stocked rooms with good amenities. Great location for visiting London.The breakfast was average and nothing extraordinary.	
Dec 12 2008 	Pleasantly Suprised and I`m Fussy	I Booked this through last minute.com as a secret hotel deal as I noticed they had a spa. When I found out the name of the secret Hotel which turned out to be the Sherlock Holmes, i checked out the reviews on the trip advisor website which I regularly use. After reading so many negative comments about this hotel I told myself well its just for one night and I am on business, I was arriving late and getting up to leave for 7.00 a.m so maybe i didin`t matter.On arrival I have to say I was disappointed about the initial appearance of both the outside of the Hotel as I was expecting a much bigger property and I wasn`t too impressed with the lobby/bar area, but I have to say the Reception staff were most welcoming and helpful. With me having an early start and travelling to London regularly on business, I now how noisy the roads are when staying in a popular area, so I asked for a quiet room. The room I was given was absolutely beautiful, quiet and had all the modern facilities one needs. I loved the bathroom which was lovely and fresh and modern and I thought the smoked glass door was a nice touch. Alot of people on the trip advisor website had mentioned the soft uncomfortable bed, I have to say my bed was really comfortable, (I must sound like goldilocks and the three bears ) but it was really comfortable and I had a great nights` sleep. Everything electrical in the room worked and from past experience in staying in hotels in London on a weekly basis, this isn`t always the case. The breakfast was served from 6.30 a.m. and this was also very good.The spa treatment I had was excellent with lovely staff.I loved the location, I was able to hop on a bus outside the door of the Hotel which took me straight to oxford street and there was even a cinema about four doors away from the Hotel which was great as I treated myself to a movie. Lots of great places to eat nearby.	
Dec 2 2008 	Great location shame about the rest.............	The location is fantastic - 2 mins from Baker St stantion, Madame Taussauds etc. and less than 10 mins walk from Oxford Street.Front door opens into scruffy bar area, with the hotel reception behind it. Hotel area much more plush. Reception staff courteous and attentive. Complimentary bottle of wine.Room very nice, but overlooked by oher rooms, so had to keep curtains closed in the evening. We didn't like the very soft beds - no support at all. Loathed the glass bathroom door - no privacy there - I don't really like being watched on the loo! Heating was all or nothing. Bar staff were hopeless. Despite my son and myself ebing the ONLY customers awaiting service, the barman did not want to know. I asked a question about a draught beer and was told - &quot;It isn't working&quot; - and he walked off again without waiting to see what we actually wanted! Eventually, after standing at the bar, purse in hand, for nearly 10 mins, we gave up, went next door to Tesco Express, bought some chilled wine and took it back to our room,Fire alarm went off at 5.20am, but was switched off after 1 minute. Nobody came round to tell us what was going on.The offer I'd booked included &quot;English Breakfast&quot; but when we came down we were told the only breakfast available was the continental option, with the addition of hot sausages, scrambled egg and baked beans. I was also charged 17.5 VAT, evan though the rate is now 15%, but couldn't be bothered to argue with the foreign receptionist.	
Nov 3 2008 	Good middle class hotel	The hotel is ideally situated near Bakerstreet underground station, servicing four lines (Jubilee, Circle, Bakerloo and Hamersmith &amp; City). The balance between price and quality is ok. We arrived early in the morning and we could check in immediately. Don't expect much from the executive room but I expect it's a little more spacious than a deluxe room. The bathroom was small but the shower (in the bath tub) was ok. No more Molton Brown amenities, but they provide you with large big towels. Refresing of the room takes also place in the early evening, that's nice! Our room had a window that could be opened so we slept in a fresh room. We didn't hear any noise, because we slept at the back of the hotel. The beds are good, rather soft matrasses but I like to sleep in a soft bed. However, the carpet and the furniture could have a refurbishment.Breakfast was in buffet style. Not very extended but they have scrambled eggs now. Also sausages, different choises of froot, fresh bread, croissants etc. In the basement there is a gym and a sauna / steam bath, not too big, but nice if you spend your day in the busy city. Staff is not always very professional (not as in 5 star hotels), but nevertheless, they are friendly.Overall, I think the hotel is ok, especially because of it's central location.	
Oct 25 2008	Great location lovely hotel	The hotel is in a great location, less than 5 minutes walk to Baker street underground station. we were in London for a concert at the o2 and the tube goes directly to North Greenwich,We booked an executive double and found the room large, clean and bright. Molton Brown toiletries and the complimentary bottle of wine we received for our anniversary added to the charm.The walls are a bit thin and the wooden floors mean that there is additional noise, but we didnt find this excessive.  Our inclusive rate included only a continental breakfast - so i was happy with the Scrambled Eggs, Bacon, Sausages and Beans that were additional to the usual continental pastries, cheeses and meats.All of the staff that we encountered from check in, housekeeping, bar and breakfast were polite and efficient would definitely stay here again	
Oct 23 2008 	Great location but there the positives end...	We had booked an executive (which was supposed to have bath robes, mineral water, fruit basket etc...) non smoking double room with full breakfast. When we arrived at 1.30pm, they said our room wasn't ready and so we would have to come back later, while this was inconvenient, it's not unusual so we didnt think anything else of it. However, on returning to the hotel exhausted at midnight we were given a horrible, dingy smoking room that smelt revolting. The mini bar didnt open, the phone didnt work, the door didnt lock properly and there were twin beds. My partner went down to switch rooms for us while I dragged all our luggage back along the corridor (not once were we offered any help). They did change the room right away - but we were still not given the executive non smoking room booked. Again, it was a smoking room and tiny, even by city centre standards. But by this stage we were too knacked to care so just went to bed. All was well until 7am when they started recycling all of their glass bottles right outside our bedroom window...practically one at a time! It was very frustrating and impossible to ignore. Just as we were nodding off again, housekeeping knocked on the door - at 8.15 on a Saturday morning!? What is the point of having checkout till 12pm if they dont let you enjoy it?? Down to breakfast and we were told that despite showing them our reservation confirmation, we were in fact only entitled to a continental breakfast. To give them credit, the croissants were fresh and delicious and normally I would have been perfectly satisfied...but lack of sleep had made me very grumpy!! All in all, it's not the worst hotel I've ever stayed in by a long way, but for the amount of money we payed to stay there I expected a lot more. The WONDERFUL Apex City of London hotel where we stayed earlier in the year is LESS money and 1000x nicer!!! (We only didnt stay here this time as it was a business trip.)	
Oct 11 2008 	Great Character Terrible Service	We stayed at the Park Plaza Sherlock Holmes a total of 4 nights. The hotel is located in a great area of London on Baker Street. Close by are terrific restaurants all of which are within walking distance. Good cluster of restaurants line Marylebone Lane. All areas of London are accessible via the tube. Hardwood floors throughout the entire hotel and rooms create charm and character. My only critique is that the hotel staff is terrible. They do not care about your comfort nor is there any attention to service. If any problems with your stay exists, they will only apologize but make not attempt to fix the problem. Cleaning staff was erratic and did a poor job of cleaning the room. Some days we did not get cleaning service because &quot;they forgot.&quot;	
Oct 4 2008 	Good location nice room but.....	Let's start with the pros:- good location: several minutes walk from Baker Street tube station, 9 GBP taxi cost from Victoria, 10-15 minutes walking distance from Oxford Street.- nice and comfortable furniture in the room: for the first night our mattress was far too soft but we asked a 'bed board' below the mattress, which was provided and we got a very-very comfy bed with this- complimentary newspaper every dayAnd the cons:- GLASS DOOR bathroom is located beside the bed: there is absolutely NO privacy with a glass-door-bathroom (what is more, the door is not a 'normal' one but a 'rolling' one with large gap between the glass and the wall - which is quite unconvenient considering that bathroom includes toilet as well....) You cannot have a calm/private minute in the toilet as you can be seen from each and every point of the room - you can find some photos at traveller photos about it. And good-bye nice sleep if one of you has to go to the toilet during the night...Nevertheless, from the traveller photos it seems to me that there are rooms with better layout - try to ask for one of these and one minus point can be rubbed out.- breakfast is definitely not worth GPB 16: warm food is only beans, some strange eggs and sausages. Nevertheless, it is convenient to have your breakfast beside the fireplace (if you doesn't want to be impressed by this there are many possibilities to grab a sandwich nearby - Eat/Starbucks/Pret a Manger, etc)Other things:- for the first time it was strange to enter the hotel through a noisy bar - however, it was Friday evening when we arrived and on the other days the bar was more quiet and there was absolutely no problem with that.All in all the hotel was OK and we would have given a much better rating if the bathroom was a normal one with just the normal privacy.	
Sep 27 2008 	where do we start	Arrived friday 26th september 2008 for one night. Room 1061, Room we thought was spacious (it was an Executive) but dated dark furniture. Welcome pack a little sad, one orange one apple and one plum served on a clingfilmed plate and one pair of slippers unaware there was 2 people in the room. Was susposed to have one hour wifi and did not work at all.2.Nice view when curtain pulled back overlooking Baker Street but the window is always covered with net panelling very noisy at the front of the hotel all night.3 Iron in room did not work, bathroom glass door does not sit shut, giving no privacy at all and to top it all the shower was a dribble.4. We found the staff to be unattentive in all respects we sat in the bar and waited several times before anyone approached to take orders, and even when we went to the bar was told our order would be taken at table and still waited.5 Breakfast was ok not worth the 16 pound extra toaster broke down whilst there, coffee not hot, cooked breakfast was extra although 3 items were available daily ours was scrambled egg,beans and sausages.6. Mini bar in room very overpriced a kit kat chunky £2.50 a coke £3.00 and a small whiskey £5.00 dont touch it go to tesco next door.7.Sherlock holmes theme a little on the thin side not as expectedOverall would not stay again and would not recommend i think in London there are better hotels that also has 4 stars.	
Sep 26 2008 	Bad experience	I have never complained in a hotel so it takes a lot to prompt me. Ordered breakfast to have in our room but staff did not pick up the menu from outside our door the night before. Annoying enough but when I called reception to inform them I was told someone would be sent up immediately. 10 minutes later nothing and so we decided to go down for breakfast instead. Having explained situation again to managment we were told that we must have called the wrong number! Breakfast manager did apologize but by the time we sat down, service was clearing up and we were told food would be cleared away in 5mins. V.poor!Spent the day around Knightsbridge and returned to hotel late afternoon. My wife needed something quick to eat (being pregnant) so she grabbed something from sushi bar next door. Brought the food to the hotel bar but we were told we couldn't eat it as it was advertising someone else's brand... I called the manager and he told us we had to eat it either in our room or order from their own menu. They wouldn't even take our drink order. I can understand if we were passers by in off the street but to treat your guests like this is pretty bad.In a nutshell, Managment will not care about you and the hotel service in general will make you feel dissappointed and ripped off.	
Sep 24 2008 	Another good stay	Stayed at the Sherlock Holmes for a handy hotel near(ish) to Lord's cricket ground and again found the hotel comfy, efficient and a handy base. Service by the staff in the bar was attentive without being intrusive. A couple of points to note :my room only had a shower - better ask if you want a room with a bath.not sure if the breakfast is worth £16 - there is a great little cafe less than 5 minutes away for better v.f.m.will definitely stay again.	
Sep 23 2008 	Ok Stay	Hi. We stayed here in early Sep 08. We upgraded to an Executive Room on the 2nd level. The room was large but I wasnt too impressed. The shower door wouldn't close properly and the walls of the room were so thin we could hear people in the other room all the time. Breakfast was nothing to shout about. However, the location is really great. Not sure if I would stay here again, maybe If I got a really good rate...	
Sep 23 2008 	Amazing	This hotel has amazing location and all of the staff was very helpfull.You really can feel like at home.I would recomend this place to anyone who wants to enjoy their time in london	
Sep 21 2008 	Small and Nice Hotel	Me and my husband stay here for 5 nights in august 2008. We like very much the hotel. The size of the room was comfortable, not noisy, staff friendly, free newspaper every morning, and a good breakfast. The bed isn't a king size bed, but it is Europe. Near the hotel there are several places to dinning and shopping, there is also a Tesco express beside the hotel. We used the hotel bar and restaurant and was ok. i would definitely reccomend this hotel.	
Sep 19 2008 	Amazing!!	Stayed at this great hotel on saturday night and I so impressed.The reception staff were friendly and proffessional, the food was great and the service was fast!I cant fault this hotel in anyway, if you are staying in london, say at the Park Plaza Sherlock Holmes	
Sep 8 2008 	Better than the last time	The hotel was so much better than the last time we stayed. Last time we did not have a great stay but we informed them of this, we returned and it was fantastic this time. The hotel is in a superb location, has lovely staff, nice food and beautiful rooms. I really recommend this hotel if you like to shop, as there are loads of shops nearby, like good food.. There is a lovely french restaurant down the road called Galvins. Our stay really made our visit to London relaxing and well worth it.	
Sep 8 2008 	Just ok!	The conceirge service is non existent, I made an enquirey before my arrival but did not get a response and no-one made any offer of help with baggage on arrival. The location is great but it is let down by the staff and lack of service. Checking in was long winded and difficult as they had somehow made a problem with a simple booking. OK so I'm middle aged but I don't like glass doors to the bathroom, made worse because the door wouldn't quite shut properly, this made me uncomfortable and I think it should mention glass bathroom doors in the room descriptions on the web (or did I miss this point?)Breakfast was good and unhurried even though we turned up close to closing time - points for the restaurant manager!No room service or any service offered late at night sadly. There are lots of lovely hotels in London ready to give good service so I'll not choose this one again.	
Aug 23 2008	Nice Hotel	We stayed here for 3 nights. It is a small but nice hotel. We had a room on the mezzanine level that did not face the street and it was nicely attended to, clean, and not noisy at all. Room size was fine. I had read concerns on here about the bathroom door (it is a frosted glass) but I did not see any problem with that--you cannot see in or out. The staff and concierge were very attentive and provided us whatever services we needed. We did not do the breakfast at the hotel--it seemed a little pricey--but there are many coffee shops (too many in fact) just a few doors down that were more than adequate. There were not many eating places for dinner close but everything is accessible through the Tube that is just down the street.	
Aug 11 2008 	Relaxed warm friendly	We were very impressed with our first visit in March 08 and decided to return again. This time we were greeted by a warm welcome from staff that had looked after us on our first visit (impressive for a central London hotel we feel). The room was well appointed, clean and comfortable and well serviced. The food is great (both in the bar and the restaurant) especially the cooked full English breakfasts (the quality of the bacon, sausage etc was excellent). Can't speak highly enough of the hotel staff (the bar manager in particular). There is a very friendly, buzzy atmosphere in the bar. There is live music on some evenings.The location for us is ideal, in the West End but away from the 'big shops' yet close to the great little shops in Chiltern Street and Marlebone High Street. It is a short walk from Baker Street tube station which is well 'connected' for a number of the tube lines. We will definitely be back again if the occasion arises.	
Aug 7 2008 	Nice friendly hotel	The hotel is set amongst shops &amp; buildings in busy Baker Street but is little gem. The staff were friendly &amp; able to help with all our enquires &amp; requests. The health spa facilites although basic were enough to let ourselves relax &amp; unwind.Due to other reservations we didnt eat an evening meal in the resturant however the continental breakfast that was included was quite adequate.	
Jul 30 2008 	Do not get wrong jump to another hotel.	This hotel has an average price but my experience cannot be worst. The receptions is in a kind of pub, the key did not worked, the air conditioning was over the bed and, believe me!, licked in my face!!!, we say in Spanish, &quot;es una verguenza&quot;. The service knew the level and where sorry, nothing else than sorry.Do not go...	
Jun 16 2008 	Loved the luxurious loft suite	We booked the Sherlock Holmes Hotel to celebrate my partners Birthday; it was absolutely perfect. The location was ideal and the service we received superb. The loft suite was stunning, wonderfully spacious and luxurious. Everything you could imagine was available the next morning for breakfast and seeing a sample of the evening menu I wish I had booked for us to dine at the hotel as well.We were so impressed with our stay that I felt I had to write to recommend this hotel.	
Jun 13 2008 	Cosiness as at home	What a nice Hotel, It is like being at home away from home.The whole experience was very nice from the lovely cocktails in the bar listening live music to a nice meal in the restaurant.The room was spot on, I consider myself a critic due to the fact that I've been in many Hotels, I couldn't find anything wrong there...Maybe a few less doors in the Hotel which it makes a bit confusing when you're going to the gym which was open 24h.Many Thanks for a GOOD and MEMORABLE stay.Keep up the good work!!	
Jun 4 2008 	Not impressed	Things didn't start very well. When we arrived to the hotel, the girl in reception seemed to be puzzled when I said we had two rooms booked, as I could see she only had one, I said that I had booked a double and a twin, she said the rooms were not ready, fair enough, so we left and came back later. When we returned we were shown to the rooms, and to my surprise we had been allocated in two doubles, I called reception and told them that they had made a mistake, they said that somebody would call me back, 20 minutes later I called back reception, and they said that this time somebody would call me back, which they did, only to tell me that they had no twins available in the hotel and would I really mind to have a double, yes I would mind, otherwise I wouldn't ahve booked a twin. I told them that I had booked a twin and expected a twin, five minutes later, a twin had materialized as by magic, only it was a complimentary upgrade which I assume didn't want to give me to start with.In their guest information book tells you to call reception if you are going to use the minibar for personal use as it's automatic. We were going to be there for a while, so I called reception and informed them that I was taking the things out of the minibar, but I wasn't using any of it, to my surprise on check out I was charged for a full minibar, when I mentioned this to reception, the receptionist said &quot;really, are you sure?&quot; Yes, I was sure, what's the point on calling them if they are going to charge you anyway and suggest you are lying?Breakfast was nothing special, althoug the staff were very nice.On one of the nights the fuses in one of the rooms blew out, and the rooms smelled strongly of burnt. Maintenance problems happened, that's understandable, however the Duty Manager saying &quot;Oops, that not good!&quot; was perhaps not too reassuring. They couldn't change the room that night, so they offered to move us the following day, as we have only one night left, we decided that we prefered not to pack and unpack again, so we thanked them and declined the offer. As an apology they sent to the room a bowl of strawberries, which it was a very nice gesture, however, there was a 7 year old in that room, and perhaps 11.00pm wasn't the best time to deliver it.On another night, we could hear water running, so we thought it was raining, when I went to the toilet, water was coming from the ceiling, whe informed reception in the morning, by the time they checked it had dried up, when we returned to the hotel we asked if it had been sorted and that question creeped again &quot;We couldn't see anything, are you sure?&quot;All in all there were too many hick ups in this hotel, I had a great time in London, but I wish I had chosen another hotel, what a let down!. Location is definitely not everything!	
Jun 3 2008 	Great at theSherlock	31-05-2008Theatre/Pleasure tripperThis is the second time we have stayed at the Sherlock Holmes. Situated 2 minute walk from Baker Street tube station it is in an ideal location when visiting London. The rooms are modern and we have found them to be of a good standard with all the facilities. The hotel is what I would call a &quot;bistro&quot; style and has an informal but easy feel to it. It has a good bar area which is directly on to Baker street. The gym, sauna etc is there if you wish. We find it an excellent &quot;no fuss&quot; place to stay for that London visit with the Park Plaza Hotels quality we have enjoyed elsewhere.	
May 23 2008	Some things are ok most things are not	I stayed in this hotel for business. My company paid but I will not go to stay there with my own money. I lost my shirts as they said they never received my laundry, I found dirt marks on the bed cushions, the maid could not understand English and her supervisor (blonde young lady?) arrogantly dealt with me and the poor maid. I gave up arguing and presto checked out.The lobby is confusingly the bar? A lady manager was helping around the queue at check out but it all seemed very slow, may be staff is new. Breakfast was ok, nothing exceptional, nice open kitchen. Where is the sauna?Reception staff don't speak English enough to do the job.	
May 18 2008	Terrible service property central and could be serviced better	I stayed in this hotel last weekend, checked out on Monday 12th. Reception wass packed with people and inefficient, some Asian guy in reception was very rude with people next to me and unfriendly with us. Would never go back, hotel could be nice but staff gave a bed&amp;breakfast feel to it that I was not impressed with.The night we checked in we had to ring the doorbell 10 times before some guy opened the door claiming to be busy. Just not what you would expect from a 4 star hotel.Impossible to sleep with airconditioning noise, walking through the corridor and seeing all that dirty food and trays was disgusting.	
May 18 2008	Smelly unorganised yet central and swanky place	The bar was too busy for a 4 star hotel, there is no privacy there. Front Desk helpful although the queue is always too long and phone rings many times before someone answers. Bedrooms are ok, difficult to find, signage not clear. Some serious problems with toilet paper and dental kits: they just do not seem to have any, concierge gave us one from Tesco!! Staff are nice but management do not seem to be very organised. Would only recommend if needed not as a must experience. Toilets are obviously used by the bar crowd, dirty and smelly.	
May 8 2008 	Got a buzz about it	Great location for this hotel right on Baker Street. In summer you can sit in the bar with the doors open watching the world go by and it certainly is fun. The decor is OK but I would not say this is the world's most visually appealing hotel. Staff are friendly but I suspect there is a high turnover and most of them do give the impression they are just doing a job and don't really care whether you are satisfied or not. My room 419 was OK although with the usual big-city view of rooftops and fire-escapes. My company paid but I suspect it cost rather a lot - not surprising since it is located in an expensive area of an expensive city.Nothing major to complain about but nothing very memorable either. I had room 419 and waiting for the slow elevators up and down would certainly get very much on your nerves if you stayed there for any length of time. Also not impressed with breakfast; poor service combined with their scruffy buffet to make an overall disappointing experience. As I say in the title though there is a buzz and you feel as though you're living the life... I would stay here again.	
May 5 2008	Trendy Hotel	As we were having a weekend in London, mainly to go to the Theatre Saturday evening and to spend the days sightseeing, we found the hotel ideally situated for everything. Being very close to Baker Street tube station was a bonus.It was a delight to find a hotel that didn't conform to the stereotype accommodation that you tend to find in London. As soon as you walked into the hotel, you were greeted by a very friendly Concierge who guided us through the trendly bar to reception where they were more than happy to store our bags before our room was ready. After our sightseeing, we returned to the hotel and found our room to be extra spacious with a modern art-deco feel. Every facility was catered for.All-in-all, we had a very enjoyable stay in comfortable, stylish accommodation with friendly, helpful staff, and would definitely return.	
May 1 2008	Good hotel nice and helpful staff but some problems with organisation	Checked in with my husband, everything went well, shame for the constant lack of toilet paper, the maid really tried but obviously it was not down to her. The room temperature was just freezing, both receptionist and manager tried to provide heater but was told they were all in use, no wonder.Bill was correct, staff corteous and knowledgeable at reception.Breakfast was pleasant but not exceptional, lack of service there.Might go back, only if needed.	
Apr 21 2008 	Nice hotel poor service	We needed to be near marylebone for my Dad's birthday, and this was the only hotel with availability, booking a last minute deal.Check in was good. We arrived early but they checked us in and we were able to go straight to our room. They offered us an upgrade for £50, that included a larger room with 4 poster bed, breakfast and free wine.The room was very nice, although it smelt of damp. The location is very good, close to Baker Street tube and Madam Tussauds.As we left the hotel to go out we asked about the free wine, which wasn't in the room. They asked what wine we would like and said they would send it up. When we got back several hours later, still no wine. No-one at reception answered the phone, so another trip downstairs to be told our room rate didn't include wine, just breakfast! Bit more arguing, they said they would get back to us.Half an hour later, still no wine or phone call! Called again, argued again, and the wine arrived shortly after (worth the wait? not sure!)Next morning, the newspaper we ordered had not arrived by 10am. Asked when we went down for breakfast to be told &quot;sorry we have to go and buy it&quot;! It finally arrived as were leaving to check out!All these things seem quite minor, but for a room which ended up costing £180 I expect everything that's &quot;included&quot; to be available and not have to keep chasing. The attitude and manner of the staff did not help. The only good bit of service we received was check-in and check-out!It's a nice hotel but spoilt by their incompetence and attitude.	
Apr 18 2008 	Don't book this if you are buying as a gift for someone!	I booked this for my mother and her partner for a weekend away. Booking online with my credit card - first mistake, they totally could not get their head around the fact that I would not be staying there personally. Eventually they got it and I had to send a photocopy of my credit card.When mother tried to check in they would not let her as they said they had not received payment. Eventually I persuaded them to let her in a room whilst we sorted this out and got to the bottom of the problem. It appeared they had lost my booking details and credit card information. I had to leave work to get another copy sent. This still did not get processed and I waited up until past midnight to try and get confirmation that they now had what they needed. The constant excuse from front desk whilst I waited was - we are too busy to process it.Some 13 phone calls later (some lasting over half an hour a time) I managed to speak to the duty manager who fortunately sorted out the mess, however this was nearly 24 hours after they had checked in. The reception staff were extremeley rude to my mother and at one point pushed a note under her door telling her she would have to check out early as they were too busy!!!The duty manager Ben was great and it is a real shame he had to be let down by his reception staff &quot;Maki &amp; Jacob&quot;. I did receive a £20 discount for my hassle but this hardly covered the phonecalls I had made from my mobile, let alone the hassle.My mother informed me that the room was nice, comfortable and clean and the location was good for access to various attractions but the staff were rude and very unhelpful. Service is the only thing that lets this hotel down.	
Mar 26 2008 	Varies by room	I stayed here for a week in March - would totally not recommend it from my experience.i ended up with a crappy small room - avoid room 105. Bed uncomfortable. No bath just a shower, very hot but unable to open the window as right onto Baker St. Hotel did not feel that clean and definitely was not a comfortable relaxing experience.	
Mar 10 2008 	On The Job Training!!	Location fantastic, first impression of hotel, great...until we checked in. Nearly one hour to get the key to our room. Young gent on reception clearly hadn't had the training for front desk. He barely grasped the concept of two rooms, four people, who would pay individually for their bill.After a disappointing initial experience we then checked into our 'comp upgraded' bedroom or should i say the 'raging inferno room'. The heat was unbearable, but opening the window meant being overwhelmed by a noise that can only be compared to the drone of the Titanic engine room at 'MAYDAY'!!!Unfort, check out was no better. After a frustrating 40 minutes again trying to explain to the same staff about seperate payments we left with a sour taste in our mouths, very disappointed and sadly won't book again.Shame as the location is fab, housekeeping was thorough and the decor of hotel was very tasteful.	
Mar 5 2008 	Nice hotel but avoid the restaurant!!!	Spent a week in the hotel as a business traveler. Location of hotel was good with several pubs and restaurants within easy walking distance.Check-in and check-outs were relatively problem free.Room was clean and efficient.Bar is indeed open 24 hours a day and made for a nice quite, late, late evening meeting &amp; discussion spot.Now for the problems:Had requested a non-smoking room during booking but none was available at check-in.Room was quite warm during late February visit. Make sure you can open the window in your room to assist with heating/cooling during your stay!Continental breakfast was sparse as compared to most hotels. Little to no cold cuts of meat, no cheese, minimal pastry selections, and yogurt that tasted as though it was well past its prime. Cereal, toast, and some mixed fruit were available.AVOID THE RESTAURANT WHEN LOOKING FOR A HOT MEAL! Tried to order a plate of Fried Skate for lunch one day. Meal was inedible with an extremely strong taste/smell of ammonia. Significant enough that it actually burned my eyes and nose before I asked for the plate to be taken away. Others eating with me had varying opinions of the other selections with some feeling the quality was lacking while others seemed to enjoy the food. Would appear to be very much hit and miss.	
Feb 27 2008 	great hotel	booked hotel thru Travelzoo so got good deal £105.00 per night (Inc tax) its in a great location right near oxford st /regent st - hotel room superb - clean + spacious (for London) - staff very friendly and helpful - breakfast very good - only gripe bar prices very expensive - but thats London for you ! overall excellent stay would certainly stay there again	
Feb 17 2008 	excellent hotel	wonderful welcome. very clean throughout. relaxing bar area.room very spacious all needs catered for. excellent room service.a variety of foods (good). very friendly and helpful staff great location a hotel to be tried and tested will go back again.	
Jan 29 2008 	Loved the Executive Suite	My friend and I have just returned from a weekend stay at the Park Plaze Sherlock Holmes and it is without a doubt the best hotel I've stayed in so far, and believe me having travelled the world and worked in Sydney in one of their most luxurious hotels it is second to none.The staff on the front desk were excellent and we were treated like VIP's from start to finish. No task was too little or too small.The suite itself was unbelievable and nicely furnished and I would recommend this hotel to anyone for its value for money, friendly and helpful staff and also its location.Looking forward to my next stay there - hopefully it will be soon!	
Jan 20 2008	Home from home in London	This was my fifth or sixth stay at the hotel and it's always a pleasure (just avoid room 109 directly above Tescos where the early-morning deliveries woke me early). The location is excellent, the atmosphere warm and welcoming on a rainy London day and the staff always pleasant and attentive.	
Jan 10 2008	I Long Back!	We spent a long weekend in London. The city is busy and crowdy and noisy but exciting! It was so lovely to come back to the hotel with its calm and clean areas. It felt really HOME'Y and all staff was so friendly and warm. I dont long for London really but the time in the hotel, the restaurant, bar and open fire area was so relaxing so one long for that! Congratulation to a succesful management of the Hotel!	
Jan 7 2008 	A great hotel!	Sherlock is one of the topp hotel i stayed in!The staff was FAB, You can really se that they enjoy their jobGreat location Breakfast was really bussy, but worth the wait.I will be back..Eric	
Dec 22 2007 	Fab Boutique hotel	We stayed here for 2 nites . What a great hotel.Reception and all public areas are very modern and stylishService - great , reception let us store our luggage while we went on bus tours duing the last daythe rooms are modern with gorgeous glass frosted doors into the bathroom, the bathroom itself is funky with mosaic tiling and the little bowl sinks.Room Service - We ordered room service twice it was great very quick and tasty stuff like paninis.Overall really nice, funky roomthe only thing was we had a standard room and my sister paid more for a split level room this was worth the extra as it had wooden floor, free wine and more room .Id pay the extra next time for a bigger room.Only 2 minutes round the corner from the Baker St tube too so fab location xx	
Dec 17 2007 	cleanish but rack rates too high	Check in found my prepaid lastminute.com reservation difficult to handle, the first door key did not work, there was no soap in the room, the quite noisy bar one has to walk through to get to reception would not appeal to everyone, there is only one over-used lift. the bedroom window barely opened and the room had not been kindly treated by previous occupants. However, it was more or less clean - if one did not look too closely or mind a general &quot;bedroom&quot; whiff permeating the place. Only really worth the money if quite heavily discounted from rack room rate: despite their claim, parkplaza.com does NOT offer the cheapest available internet rates. Goodish 3 star standard: it is much more tired than it looks on parkplaza's website.	
Dec 17 2007	Pleasant stay	We stayed at the Park Plaza Sherlock Holmes for two nights. Even though on arrival we did not find the third bed we booked for, it was promptly given to us.The rooms are clean, maybe a bit too warm, the toilet too is very clean.Breakfast is generous. The hall is lively and, even though you expect to hear some noise from there, it does not happen.The maitre at the restaurant is very kind and professional.I'd suggest the hotel to couples and families with one kid, like us	
Dec 2 2007 	Fantastic Location	Since booking of a triple room for my family (2 adt. + 1 chd.) was not possible via Priceline I had to book two double rooms.When arrived we were given two splendid double rooms, one on the first floor (No. 106), the other on the third floor (No. 318).Room 106 is very spacious, facing Baker Street.In the wardrobe we found a guest umbrella provided for free by the hotel for wet weather.Room 318 is even more elegant and more spacious, an Executive Room, where a welcoming tray was awaiting for me on the bed: a number of additional nice toilettries, two bottles of wine, sparkling water and still water and a fruit basket (an apple, a plum and a mandarine).No doubts, they are excellent rooms, very good equipped. In both rooms there were bathrobes and 4 towels per person in each bathroom. The beds are very good and comfortable, so are the pillows.This charming hotel is situated just 100 meters from the tube station &quot;Baker Street&quot;, so the location is inestimable advantage.There were the following imperfections that I should mention.My wife and child in the room 106 noticed that almost every night loaders were unloading goods for a shop, next door and there was unpleasant noise from 2am to 5am, sometimes with thunder and clash.Outside my room (No.318) there is a number of air-exhausters producing noise all night long, well heard even if the window is tightly closed and the curtains are completely lowered.So, a pair of earplugs might be very useful.Staff at the reception were very helpful and responsive.We did not have breakfast in the hotel because it is pricy;we found a pub on Marylebone road, 5 min. away from the hotel, where good English breakfast (incl. coffee or tea) is available every morning for £4.99 p.p.The rooms were very clean and pleasant and I can proudly recommend this hotel to my best friend.And now - the main plus of our stay with this hotel: unbeatable price we had paid for it: 73 (Seventy-Three) United States $$ per room per night!If I could only have the same or average attractive price for my future stays in London with this property, I would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 30 2007 	Nice hotel excellent location	We booked this hotel through a flight/hotel deal on Travelocity. The hotel is lovely, if a little too corporate now that it is owned by Park Plaza. Our room was very small, but neat and clean. The location is excellent - just a block or so south of the Baker Street Tube stop. Staff was very friendly. An alarm down the street kept us up the first night, and after we mentioned it, staff called the police to have it shut off. We didn't eat in the restaurant or bar, but drinks at the bar were not as pricey as I'd read. I would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 27 2007 	beautiful hotel very romantic	we only stayed for 1 night but wish it was more we couldnt have found a better hotel, it was so beautiful. as we stayed for our 3rd wedding anniversary the hotel setting made our stay even more romantic.	
Nov 7 2007 	Enjoyed our stay	My daughter and I have just returned from a weekend stay at the Sherlock Holmes hotel. We booked this directly via the hotel's website, and found it difficult to request a twin bedded room. However, after emailing them they did agree to allocate us a twin room. The check-in time was stated as being 2 pm, and as we expected to arrive at around 1.30pm I emailed them to ask if we would be able to check in half an hour early. They replied and said that this should be ok. However, when we arrived there at 1.45pm, we were advised that the room would not be ready until about 3pm. We therefore left our cases there and went out. When we returned at 6pm, we found that we had been upgraded to an executive studio, which was very nice indeed! The only problem was the excessive heat in the room, which it seemed impossible to turn down. The hotel is a good standard and the reception staff seemed helpful. Bar prices very high, but most hotels are the same. Would possibly stay here again if we could get a reasonable deal.	
Oct 29 2007 	fantastic Birthday	I booked the sherlock holmes hotel for my boyfriend who has turned 21 this year. This was a very special trip as we have also been together two years and it was a chance for us to get away. The room was gorgeous. We got a complimentary tray of fruit etc on arrival which was a nice surprise as i wasnt aware of the offer. The only draw back was the smoke smell in the room. being an ex smoker it didnt bother me but my boyfriend couldnt stand the smell and it was ahrd to cover. Breakfast in the morning was gorgeous and we enjoyed everybit. The bar is a bit pricey at £15.00 for a gin and tonic and a soujthern comfort and lemonade. if you are away on holiday it doesnt matter but on this occasion it was a bit out of my price range. The staff were all very helpful and a pleasure to speak to. I would love to go back to the hotel again soon	
Oct 18 2007 	Great time at the Sherlock holmes hotel	Had a great stay here recently, booked the Dinner with Sherlock package which was brilliant value- our bottle of champagne would have been £35 on room service and our meal £65 but both included! Food excellent but if you like a big breakfast be prepared to pay little bit extra for cooked/omlettes etc though the continental breakfast was very good. Staff very friendly and helpful. Would definately stay again.	
Oct 15 2007	Great Stay at the Sherlock Holmes	My husband I and booked ourselves a stay at the Sherlock Holmes on the Romance package and we had a fantastic time. Chapagne and chocolates on arrival, a huge room with loads of little extras to make the stay more comfortable, and a champagne breakfast served in our room.The location is great - very central.I would definately stay there again.	
Oct 12 2007	Some Good Some Bad	This was our 3rd stay here. The location is fantastic. Marylebone is a great neighborhood and the Baker Street Tube Station is on several key lines that make it easy to get around.This year, breakfast was included and given the lousy USD to GBP exchange rate, it was a welcome change.My only real complaint is that the hotel has been inconsistent in its service delivery. On our first visit three years ago, they lost our reservation. Luckily, I had the printed confirmation, but it took quite a while for them to figure out whether they had a room for us. On our second visit, I purposefully booked an executive room because they're larger and that worked out very well. The room was quite large and the welcome tray was a nice touch.With last year's experience in mind, I again booked an executive room. However, the first room we were given was very small (exactly like that on our first visit and the type of room we were trying to avoid). The front desk was very helpful and eventually found us a larger room, but their initial statement that their executive rooms are of differing size made no sense, given the added expense of the executive room.So, points for helpful staff and location, but deductions for managing their room reservations.	
Oct 3 2007 	Pretty good overall - Helpful staff	Stayed here for 2 nights on my own whilst on a course in Marylebone area. Asked for a change of room on arrival as the one offered was quite claustrophobic, but the staff were very helpful and I was very happy with the second room. The rooms are fairly contemporary (which I liked) and the bed was comfortable. The minibar was well-stocked and digitally opened by reception (I only discovered this after frantically trying to get into it then giving up and ringing reception!). The bathroom was very nice, with the usual array of products and a good, powerful shower.The hotel is quite compact, has a good atmosphere and a popular bar fronting onto Baker Street. As mentioned by others, the location is very convenient. Ate in the restaurant one night and had a lovely meal and good service, though it was pricey. Was disappointed with breakfast however. My package included continental, which was okay, though the choice of cereals, etc wasn't great and the orange juice tasted like powdered. Anything hot (other than toast) came at a premium, and I baulked at the extra £16.50 asked to 'upgrade' to full english. I fancied some scrambled egg, but even that was an extra £5, so I did without.The bar sells a good array of cocktails and some nice draft Japanese beer, and is perfect for pre-dinner drinks or a nightcap.There are probably better hotels around, and I would prefer a hot option at breakfast, but I would stay here again if needs be. I would have given it 3.5 if that was an option, but it is certainly better than average.	
Sep 24 2007 	Fantastic hotel !!	What a fantastic find ! This is a beautiful smaller hotel that caters for both the business and holiday traveller. The rooms are beautifully furnished and very quiet.Location is one of the best - extremely close to bus and tube stops, and within easy walking distance of Hyde Park and Oxford Street.I would certainly recommend it highly - and can't wait for my next visit to London !	
Sep 23 2007 	Not a Bad Place	Despite much confusion and difficulty making the reservation, which was eventually satisfied, the hotel service was very good. Well located about a five minute walk from the Baker Street tube. As usual when I visit London from the U.S., I arrive very late, abut 11:30pm. The desk staff was cordial and efficient. They surprised me saying that my room rate entitled me to my choice of a bottle of red or white wine. I had no idea, so it was a pleasant surprise. The room was rather small, but clean. The bathroom was modern although it showed some signs of wear and tear. Breakfast was mediocre; cold pastries and cold cuts. Overall a decent place I would stay at again.	
Sep 17 2007 	Sherlock Holmes - more than just a gimmick	Loved staying in this hotel. The whole place has a boutique feel to it from the potted plants outside its white facade, to the shining cocktail bar and tasteful room decor.The staff are friendly and polite, the room was immpecably clean and fully equipped with all sorts of useful things like PROPER hairdryers and an ironing board - v useful as we were going to a black tie do!The prices are really reasonable too - you'd pay similar prices for inferior hotels in less handy locations in Central London - slap bang next door to Baker Street tube and handy for Oxford Street shopping and bus routes.Will I be staying again? Elementary, my dear Watson!	
Sep 1 2007 	Wouldn't go to again	I booked an executive room through lastminute.com but on arriving at the hotel my reservation had been lost. I was first told that as it had been lost, there were no executive rooms available. After a while they told me that they had found one but that I had to wait for it to be cleaned. 40 mins later I arrived in the room (I'm not too certain it was executive, may have been a standard but added the executive tray as was fairly small). The room overlooked a courtyard with fans under the window which were very loud all night. Whilst I like the glass doors of the bathroom I didn't like that there were see through bits so you can see eachother on the toilet! When we went to breakfast in the morning we were shown to a dirty table, that we had to clear ourselves. We were offered no tea or coffee and had to wait 10 mins for there to be clean glasses to have juice. Very disappointed as have stayed at Park Plaza hotels before which were lovely! Thia was meant to be a gift for my boyfriends birthday but didn't turn out so good after all! Really wouldn't recommend, are much nicer hotels available in London that cost less!	
Aug 15 2007 	Great Location Friendly Staff	We managed to get a really good deal on this through Travelzoo and my Gold Points account. For some reason, the U.S. promo code gave a better discount than the UK one, even though it was the exact same deal! Another example of how we're ripped off in the UK I guess. The &quot;Welcome Tray&quot; and the room upgrade were really good.There was a problem with the booking system when we arrived, but the desk staff did well to placate the growing queue of people waiting to check in. The lady who dealt with us was very friendly, and apologetic, which made a big difference.Apart from that, we found the quality of the rooms, the cleanliness and the location are all excellent. You are minutes from Baker Street tube station. As a Londoner, I personally wouldn't bother with Madame Tussauds, but it's minutes away if you are so inclined.The only thing that we didn't like was the toilet door - you can see right through, which some might find an invasion of privacy if you're staying with someone who isn't used to having it invaded!Breakfast is a plentiful continental buffet affair, but there's enough to get you ready for the day ahead.	
Aug 10 2007 	Clean Modern Updated	Very surprised on quality of hotel. Took a chance and was very happy. Small, quiet hotel on Baker Street, close to Underground stop, grocery and delis. Staff was polite and helpful. Has very nice bar and restaurant in lobby. Booked executive room with 2 twin beds. Very spacious with desk and chairs. Had safe in closet. Bathroom bright, clean and modern and included Molton Brown tolietries. And, very important in August - self controlled A/C.	
Aug 8 2007 	Poor service - poor standards	Stayed in top suite in the hotel which was very overpriced for what you get. Reception was terrible - both at check in and checkout. Room wasn't available when we arrived at 1600 and had to wait until 1800. NO aplologies. Half the lights in the rooms didn't work (no response to requests to fix key ones like bedside), room service incorrect, and on check out was told they couldn't provide itemised bill or receipt as computer down. Promised receipt by post never arrived.Room overheated - bathrooms in suite good. Overall a disappointing waste of money.	
Aug 4 2007 	No communication or response to our concerns and complaints	We booked two twin rooms at this hotel for three friends and myself to celebrate two of my friends special birthdays. We were very disappointed as soon as we arrived we were told the hotel was overbooked and they only had double rooms to offer us. We were offered complimentary breakfast as compensation but it was a take it or leave it attitude. Our rooms were quite different one room was much larger and able to take a camp bed while the other was quite small and had the bathroom with a glass door next to the bed/sitting area so very little privacy! One room had bathrobe, slippers and complimentary tray of wine, fruit, Molton Brown toiletries but the other had Park Plaza toiletries (one of each between two of us) and that was it! The air conditioning was not working in one room and it was not possible to have the window open because it overlooked noisy generators so we reported it at 4.30 to the receptionist before leaving for dinner and the theatre. We were assured the room would be cooler for our return and better serviced. On our return the air conditioning was still not working and no explanation so upon phoning reception at 11.45 we were offer a change of rooms - so we were left to change rooms at midnight - not an ideal way to finish off an enjoyable night. Our next room was an improvement and the complimentary breakfast was very good. I am disappointed however that despite sending the hotel an email and a completed questionnaire containing all our concerns/complaints they have not acknowledged either.	
Jul 30 2007 	Pleasant and friendly place	We stayed in this hotel on a Friday and Saturday and booked the &quot;Sherlock's Romance&quot; package from the website. Executive room was lovely, two large tv's, lounge area and desk. My better half didn't like the glass sliding door to the bathroom though! Staff were very friendly, just a shame none who I encountered were British however I guess that's the sad thing about London now and to be fair, the staff went a step further than you'd expect of young British staff (as a general perception). Ate breakfast in the restaurant and had a bar snack, food was okay and nicely presented however breakfast was not worth £16.50.In general this is a pleasant hotel in an excellent location, couple of hundered yards from Baker St tube station and quarter of a mile from Selfridges on the corner of Oxford St. certainly good value for this part of London.	
Jul 24 2007 	Disappointing	Booked this hotel for a Friday and Saturday night after having read good reviews on various websites. Offered opportunity of upgrade (to executive suite) on arrival at a price which seemed like a good deal. When we got into the room, it had not been serviced properly / at all - the bed had obviously been slept in, bins not emptied and toiletries used. This was despite the receptionist checking that the room was ready for use before allocating it to us. At breakfast, the front of house informed us that we would have to pay extra and so we had to return to our room to get documentation to show him that we had paid for inclusive breakfast which he duly photocopied. We were then completely ignored and after about 15 minutes had to ask for someone to take our order for coffee. The following day, exactly the same thing happened with the same member of staff, although the service was better. The hotel website claims &quot;unique attention to detail and the most personal and friendly of service. The concept is; the guests are most important and come first, receiving tremendous personal attention from the staff&quot;. We certainly did not feel this was the case.	
Jul 20 2007 	Sherlock Holmes O.k.	Efficiently -run hotel.The room was well-appointed and veryclean.Any staff I encountered were unfailingly courteous andhelpful.I chose this hotel as a result of family recommendationand I in turn would recommend it to others.	
Jul 19 2007 	small comfortable rooms w/ some service issues	Just stayed at the Park Plaza Sherlock Holmes this past week with my family. We had two standard rooms booked via Expedia. I had an early morning arrival into Heathrow and got to the hotel around 8:30am. No rooms were available, but the reception told me that they would have a room for me asap, but &quot;cannot promise when.&quot; I was famished so went to the restaurant for breakfast. The quality of food is decent, but expensive. The continental breakfast buffet was ~14 pounds. I waited until about 12:30pm when they told me a room was available on the 3rd floor. I had requested a room on the same floor for my parents, who had not arrived yet. I was told that the room would be reserved for me. The room they gave me was clean and modern, but incredibly small. I had only one carry-on suitecase and there was barely enough floor space for me to lay it down. About two hours later, my parents arrived and were shown to a slightly larger room on the same floor. The air conditioning LCD panel didn't seem to be turned on and when we tried to turn it on, nothing happened. We immediately called to the front desk and they sent a technician to the room. The technician did not even have to look at the panel before he told us &quot;This room does not have AC.&quot; WHAT?!?!?!? I had called prior to our arrival to make sure all the rooms have AC. NOTE: THERE IS AT LEAST ONE ROOM IN THE HOTEL THAT DOES NOT HAVE AC.I immediately went back down to the front desk to request new rooms. This time, the same woman who checked me in earlier was very impatient and unfriendly, as if it was my fault they booked us into a room without AC!! Not to mention, their own staff didn't even know about these rooms. They did finally move us onto the second floor, into two slightly larger superior rooms, both with AC. The rest of our five-night stay was fine. The rooms were decently comfortable, but some housekeeping issues. We had two days when we only had hand towels, but no bath towels. When we called to request them, they apologized and said they were having some trouble with laundry. I've never heard of anything like this before...Some miscellaneous notes: With the exception of the woman at the front desk, the staff was very friendly. The hotel is not in a very interesting part of town, but is at least very close to the Baker St. tube. and there are various fast-food places right on the same block. On Expedia, the hotel is advertised with wireless internet. They do have it, but it's 25 pounds a day.	
Jul 18 2007 	Bargain high quality	I''ve stayed here a few times, and feel it is very good value for its price. I have been shown to rooms with peeling paint and hanging shower door, but upon asking for another room, was shown some very nice ones. These rooms are nicer than London Hiltons, and roomier than average. For 20GBP/night, one can ask for the &quot;executive package&quot;, which is really just a snacks and drink tray, but what a deal! A split of red and of white wine, small bottle each of sparkling and still water, and a variety of snacks. If you drink one of the bottles of water or wine, just call the front desk and ask for a refresh (I never abused this, so I don't know the limits of their patience, but they did quickly replenish both the water and wine.)The rooms I were in had an immense variety of electrical outlets, so if you forgot your plugs, no problem. The onsite restaurant is of gourmet quality. Though not inexpensive, there are often specials for the restaurant at [--]. Book through a local internet cafe, and enjoy. Rooms without a view are quieter.	
Jul 11 2007 	Reception dragons	I've stayed several times at this hotel and always get the same poor standard of service at reception. They don't like to be helpful. My view is business must be too good.Really rude, cheeky and ignorant reception staff. When you go to calmy explain (not complain) that there is a problem with your room. You get shouted at and told that if you're not happy, you'll just have to 'pay for an upgrade'. All I wanted was a no smoking room, which I had previously requested in writing well in advance.Nothing new with this hotel.Fortunately the rest of the hotel staff are nice, professional and friendly.Incase you're a non-smoker, this hotel has a whole 1st floor of bedrooms for smokers and if the hotel is full they'll stick you in a smoking room and shout at you for being so bad as to complain. -Despite you being a returning customer and staying 4 nights!And for the first time ever, I stayed in a hotel where I came back from a day out and my room had not been made up! No apoligies made to me -of course.Yes, I'll stay somewhere else next time.....	
Jun 30 2007 	Comfort abounds at the Sherlock Holmes Hotel	Other than a delay in check in, my wife and I found the Sherlock Holmes Hotel to be an excellent place to stay in London. The location is within a block of the tube and sightseeing buses. Our room was very spacious with a bathroom almost as big. Although I brought my own umbrella to London, I thought it was a nice touch that this hotel supplied an umbrella in the room for guest use. Our dinner at the hotel's restaurant, albeit a little pricey, was outstanding with a nice menu selection. We would definitely consider staying at the Sherlock Holmes Hotel on our next visit to London.	
Jun 28 2007 	The "W" for 1/2 price in London	Went recently and would def rate it, especially for the price. Very smart hotel, new everything. It's like staying at the &quot;W&quot; or just below 5 star, for a 3 star price. Fine staff, good bar, good neighbourhood. If going to central London/Fitzrovia, I'd stay here for the great price. Will stay here again.	
Jun 18 2007 	Service	My husband and I have just returned from a 2 night stay at the Sherlock Holmes. The location of the hotel is fantastic, very close to Baker St tube. We were actually going to Wembley Stadium on the Saturday night which is only 10 mins on the tube so within easy reach. We also have no complaints about the rooms which we found to be a good size and very clean. The one drawback to our stay was the service. We ordered breakfast in our room on the Saturday morning but were told when it was delivered that the majority of our choices were not available. The breakfast delivered was nevertheless very nice. We left our room at about noon that day. On arriving back that night we wanted to finish with a quick drink in the bar. My husband went to the bar to order our drinks but was told that we needed to take a seat and a waitress would be with us to take our order. 15 minutes later we were still waiting so decided to go straight up to the room. When we got back to our room the maid had not been and the room was as we had left it. The breakfast tray, dirty plates and cups were still in the room and the bed had not been made. This is an unfortunate let down to what is a lovely hotel in an ideal location.	
Jun 10 2007 	Nice Hotel with horrible service!!	We stood with a group for more than one week. The Hotel / rooms are really nice, sleeping rooms big enough. The service and staff is just a shame. Ignorant, arrogant...We stood so often in the lobby for a meeting or to welcome guests...we NEVER were served from the waiter. We ordered all the time at the bar...to get a coffee took ALLWAYS more than 30 minutes. We had a meeting at one of the function rooms and made the same experience. My colleague had water droping from the wall in his room... in took 3 days to get help!!!!Nice Hotel, but for this bad service too expensive!	
Jun 9 2007 	Luxury in London	We stayed at this hotel for the first night of our honeymoon before we flew to the Carribean. On arrival we were upgraded to the Loft Suite and the staff made our stay very special. The suite was spacious on two levels with two bathrooms. Everything was in the room that we required, We were treated to a tray of complimentary drinks and fruit and then 1 hour later we had a bottle of red wine delivered to the room complimentary. We booked a meal in the restaurent and the service and quality of the food was truly spectacular. We enjoyed a drink in the bar at the hotel after seeing a show at the theatre and it had such a cosy, homely feel to the place whilst still looking ultra modern. The loaction of this hotel is excellant, ideally suited for the theartres and all other london attractions. I was very sad to depart but at least I know where we will be returning to for our first wedding anniversary. Thank you to all the staff for making our stay truely spectacular!	
Jun 4 2007 	Great London Hotel!!	Stayed at the Sherlock Holmes Hotel on Friday night as a surprise birthday treat for my boyfriends birthday. Booked the 'Sherlock Romance Package' which was an excellent deal, included champs on arrival and champagne breakfast, check online with hotel direct on this deal. I upgraded us to the Studio suite and it was gorgeous, very impressive, big entrance hall area with steps up to a big bedroom with 4 posted bed, the TV wasn't great compared to other hotels we've stayed at but did the job fine. Bathroom was very nice, lovely power shower, I have to agree with other reviews, the frosted glass isn't very private so bear this in mind if you aren't that close to your roommate! Unfortunately we were in the middle of the hotel so no views from the window, just steps and walls to other parts of the building. I also found the room wasn't well designed for silly things such as blow drying your hair or putting make up on, no plug by mirror and lighting in room was very poor.Steam and Sauna facilities were small but it no one else was using them so it was perfect for the 2 of us, anymore and it would have felt crowded.Breakfast was delicious, and part of the deal we had champagne with strawberries which was a lovely touch and great start to the day.All in all this is a great little hotel, brilliant valve for money, fantastic location, we walked everywhere in the west end. I would definitely go back and well worth the extra money to upgrade the room. Highly Recommend!	
Jun 1 2007 	Ideal Location	Ideally situated for the theatre and sightseeing as Baker Street tube just down the road. Hotel staff very pleasant and helpful. Rooms [we upgraded] a good size with very modern facilities.The few problems we had were rectified fairly quickly and acknowledged by the management by letter on our return home. Would stay again without hesitation.	
Jun 1 2007 	Sherlock Holmes we were thrilled!	This was our second stay at the Sherlock Holmes Hotel in London. Room was great! There was some trouble (due to our travel agent) about our reservation. They were not expecting us at the Sherlock Holmes. Because they were fully booked, the first night we had to stay in another hotel. Although it was the fault of our travel agent the staff of the Sherlock Holmes arranged this for us and they payed for the cab fare to the other hotel. The next day we could go back to the SSH and stay there for the next 3 nights (we had booked 4 nights). The people at SSH were feeling sorry for us, so they upgraded our room! Which ofcourse we did not complain about.So, in short, Sophie and Carolin were the best! After the foul start we had a lovely stay for four days. And the next time we will make our reservations directly with hotel.	
May 29 2007	Friendly 	Stayed for 2 nights in May 2007. Had a bit of a panic checking in as the hotel had only 1 room booked on their system and I had pre-booked 2 rooms, but this was handled and resolved extremely promptly and efficently. I give full marks to the lady checking us in (Natalie I think), I was assured that everything would be ok and it was. Our rooms were not ready but our bags were stowed for us. Bianca was also extremely professional but nice when we checked out. Well done ladies! keep up the good work. I wish more front of house staff were like your team.The rooms were nothing special but were clean and not too small. The air-con worked and was not too noisy. The bathroom was a good size and the pressure on the shower was excellent. I can manage with a small bedroom but not with a poor bathroom. The glass door was not a problem, in fact less clausrophobic than a conventional door.My travelling companions and I were delighted that we were only a very short walk to Oxford street. We had excellent breakfast at Segefeda cafe a few minutes from the hotel.I would probably stay here again, because of the location, the friendly staff and the great vibe, buzz about the place in the evening. We only stayed for 2 nights but it felt like a holiday.	
May 27 2007 	Fantastic hotel!	This was the second time I had stayed at the Sherlock Holmes Hotel, and once again - I was not disappointed. It has now become my first choice when I need to stay in the city. * Location: The hotel's location is one of it's best features. A short walk from Oxford street shopping, a few minutes away from the subway station, and surrounded by all the important stores/cafes you like to have handy on a trip (Starkcbucks, EAT, McDonalds, Boots, etc) - it's a gem of a location. Central and yet not too noisy - and so easy to get to. * Rooms: When it comes to the rooms, the Sherlock Holmes is a great and pleasant surprise. Large amd roomy, these rooms are a far cry from the matchbox sized rooms that London hotels usually offer. The rooms have hardwood floors and are decorated in a modern fashion. The linens are high quality, and everything you need is provided. Clean and well kept - I give the rooms an A. * Amenities: All you need is provided for you. The rooms I've been in had: shampoo/soap/bath gel (very nice, too!), dental kit, sewing kit, shaving kit. Hair dryer, iron, bathrobe, coffee/tea facilities, safe. Mini bar (for fee). * Business: For those on business trips (as myself) - the hotel is perfect. High speed internet (wired) is provided in the rooms for a fee. Wireless is also offered, although on my last trip I was unable to connect to the wireless network, perhaps due to a bad reception in this area of the hotel. * Other pluses: Nice Gym, Great Saunda (dry + steam), Spa services, great dinner, 24hr room service, excellent servcie from staff, great bar downstairs. * Minuses: - Due to the building layout, you need to go up and down a few stairs to get to your room from the elevator (usually no more than 3 stairs at a time). If you have a problem with this you should ask for a bellboy to help with luggage. - The bathroom wall &amp; door in the rooms are made of glass and therefore privacy is limited. if you are not alone and this may be a problem for you - you may want to reconsider. - Floors are a bit creaky, if you're not staying alone, you may risk waking your partner up when you walk to the bathroom in the middle of the night. Bottom line: I love this hotel. I would absolutely come back and I reccomend it - it's posh and boutique-y and not touristy while still being cental and hip. I'll be back.	
May 18 2007 	Loved the Sherlock Holmes hotel	I stayed in Sherlock Holmes hotel with my friend for 3 nights in the end of April. We loved the hotel. Our room was very clean and nice with shiny bathroom. The continental breakfast is lovely: toast with different jams and marmalades, pastries, fruits &amp; cheeses, cereal etc. Perfect start for a new day! Location of the hotel is very good. On the top of everything else the staff is excellent. I haven'tseen a staff like that ever before. They are so friendly, helpful and nice. I don't think the staff could be any better than it alreadyis. I would definitely stay in this hotel again.	
May 9 2007 	Loved the Sherlock	I spent a terrific 9 days at the Sherlock in mid-April. Considering the insane prices I was finding two weeks before my last-minute trip and how busy Europe is in spring, I found the Sherlock well priced for its ammenities. I had a few special needs as I was traveling on business and I found the staff superbly attentive upon my arrival and throughout my stay. The room was quite big for a European hotel with a modern, clean bathroom (shower and tub!) and a double bed. It even had room to walk around! The neighborhood simply couldn't be better. There were numerous restaurants and bars within walking distance, the Baker Street tube was less than two minues away, Regent's and Hyde Parks were walking distance and a local bus stops right in front. There's even a food market right next door if you wish to stock your mini bar or get breakfast for yourself (skip their overpriced 14 pound continental). Across the street is a post office and just around the corner is the terrific Marylebone High Street area with great boutique-y shops and restaurants and numerous cafes with outdoor seating. This is one of the most pleasant stays I've had in Europe and I stay in London frequently for business and have tried numerous hotels. I highly recommend the Sherlock. It's a find.	
May 8 2007 	Elementary	Had a great stay at this friendly, comfortable and stylish hotel. Great location for all of London, especially the main tourist attractions.The Bar area is very attractive and beautifully lite at night, it temps you into staying for 'just one more'When you finally make it to your room, you are pleasantly surprised with the size and standard....admittedly not much of a view but cant expect everything from a city centre hotel.Only ate Breakfast in the restaurant and had no complaints as the full English Breakfast was good, with a buffet style selection of cereals, fruit juices and meets/cheeses and good choice on the menu.Would defiantly stay here again and recommend it to friends and family.	
May 8 2007 	Mixed Reactions	Stayed here for 17 days. I liked the executive room size which is rather big for London standards. Bathroom is huge by London standards. The welcome tray was very good too. Wish I knew it could be replenished. Liked the location which was very central both to tubes/train station as well as close proximity to Tesco and fast food such as McDonalds. Royal China and Oxford Street is just down the road. Marylebone highstreet is just behind.What spoiled my trip was 1) the inability of housekeeping staffs to speak basic english - talked to them to ask for missing toiletries but they just kept smiling on - found out later they spoke spanish!2) no controls over housekeeping - came back few late nights to find that I have no bath gel or soap, tissue box was not replaced, had hair conditioner some days and some days not 3) my phone/internet connection was not working and there was no room to change me to and no action taken to fix the problem but a problem with the safe was indeed fixed immediately4) bill was totally wrong at the end of my stay - was charged meals that I didn't have for which i refused to pay5) I could hear people walking on the wooden floor outside my room through the night - if only walls were thicker, perhaps floor was carpeted or layout of bed moved to another side of room?	
May 5 2007 	Excellent	Very nice hotel beautifull inside close to the underground and all amenitys. Room was not the largest I have ever seen but still very comfortable. Service was excelllent and the bar also very good.	
Apr 23 2007 	Better than most London hotels	I travel to London for business fairly regularly, and I've always had bad experiences with the hotels there (see my review of the Hilton London Metropole as an example). I tried the Sherlock Holmes Hotel for my last trip, and I was pleasantly surprised. The staff was very helpful and pleasant. The price was reasonable, for London. The room was clean, the shower pressure was good, and the internet access was fully functional. The food at the bar and in the restaurant was actually good. It is also close to the Baker Street tube station, which has several tube lines and is therefore convenient to all of the city. Taxis come by very regularly, also. The downsides were: a pretty small room, a thermostat that shuts off when you take the keycard out of the slot by the door (so I requested another key so I could keep the heat running while I was out -- otherwise it was cold when I came back), and a labrynthian trip to my room. (The hotel seems to be made out of several buildings cobbled together so there are half-floors and mezzanines and whatnot. I actually got lost when I tried to take the stairs so I stuck to the elevator.) Overall, these were really minor issues, and I absolutely plan to stay here again on my next trip to London.	
Apr 21 2007	Very good overall	Stayed here for a week April 12-18 with overall good results. The service was good, staff was attentive and two minor maintenance items were taken care of quickly. The room was good sized, bed was comfortable, room was clean. Hot water was good, and when London experienced an unusually early &quot;heat wave&quot; (three consecutive days of 75 degree weather) they turned on the A/C, which worked very well. Location is very good, one block from Baker Street tube station, there is a Tesco Express right next to the hotel entrance (discounted water, soda and snacks!) as well as a Boots pharmacy, Pret A Manger and Eat (coffee and pastries) all within steps. There were good local restaurants witin a two block radius, Zizzi (35-38 Paddington Street) and Base Bistro (195 Baker Street) were very good.	
Apr 19 2007 	Best hotel in London	Once again I come home from a perfect stay at this hotel. I go to London around 4 times a year and have stayed in many hotels in the city but since I found this one I never need to look elsewhere. The location is wonderful with a lot of shops and resturants right outside the door, the staff is wonderful and very helpful, the decor is lovely and even if it is a busy street outside we never hear it, very quiet in the rooms. The resturant in the hotel is very good and the bar area is great with snacks and lighter fare available. I know you will not be dissapointed if you stay here, I would be happy to live there full time.	
Mar 27 2007 	Great Hotel Great location..	Stayed at the Sherlock Holmes for 1 night on 25/3/07. Very warm welcome at Reception. Asked if we would like an upgrade which we accepted. Cost was to be an extra £20 plus VAT but when we came to pay the bill this was omitted. An oversight or a nice gesture i'm not sure which. The room itself on the 3rd floor was spacious for London. Very clean, lots of toiletries, bath robes slippers etc. Location was also fantastic being only about 3 mins to Baker Street tube. All in all a great hotel in a great location. Would not hesitate to use again..	
Mar 26 2007 	Fantastico	Great Hotel, great location with really friendly staff and management. This hotel is all I hoped it would be. I have friends who have stayed here and they recommended we give it a try - I must say they were right. It's in a very good location, with access to the tube or you could walk to Oxford Street in about ten minutes. The executive studio is a perfect size for spreading out in after a shopping spree or a expedition around the sights....we had to chill out after a 6 hour hike and were very glad of the extra space. TIP: take the tube if you want to get around, our feet are still aching from our exertions.	
Mar 26 2007	wonderful place	just to say that we loved this hotelwe stayed one night a few weeks ago with our sonthe room was bigger than we expected and everything was good, beautiful, clean.and such good ideas in the room and for instance the free breakfast if we leave before 10 AMto finish i will write : i want to come back !	
Mar 20 2007 	My new favorite hotel	Loved the friendly staff, loved the lobby bar and the sauna both opened 24/7 (great after a night out), loved the warm, smooth and romantic atmosphere (not too design but not old-fashioned). Book the executive package for extra service that are just what you need to make a romantic week-end perfect (wine, cakes, milward brown spa products...). And.... we got upgraded to a large &quot;studio&quot; room which made our stay even better!!	
Mar 14 2007 	A perfect place to stay !	Going often to London, I had the opportunity to test several hotels and the Sherlcok Holmes is by far the best one I've ever seen in this town.It's very well located, close to the tube (Baker Street) and not far away for the major attractions.Rooms are nicely furnished and clean but the main advantage of this hotel is its staff of great quality.Service can be very poor in London, even in upper class hotels, but at the Sherlock Holmes you may expect a first class service with a smile. Staff is multilingual, polite and will always help you.A great place to stay for its atmosphere and the quality of the serviceOlivier	
Mar 14 2007 	Good Location Poor Rooms	The location is great - only 5mins walk from the Baker St tube station but a £20 taxi journey from Kings Cross. The rooms are quite small - felt quite claustrophobic as there wasn't much floor space. The decor looks worn and in need of refurbishment, mainly the bathroom tiles which were full of cracks. The wooden floor needed a good scrubbing as they have not been well maintained. The whole room felt like it needed a good clean. Not complaining as we only paid £80 per room per night, which included buffet breakfast. Do not bother ordering the sauted potatoes as they were boiled potoato wedges - cold and dry. Hit and miss with the receptionists - the one we dealt with at check in was moody and not very helpful whilst the one at check-out was brilliant who was very helpful with leaving our luggage in storage. The entrance to the hotel was a major nuisance as we had to ring the doorbell to be let in after a certain time, also having to walk through the bustling restaurant.	
Mar 5 2007	Pleasant stay with friendly and considerate service. Gym isn't well equiped.	The room was very comfortable - not overly modern but also not quaint or cute. The staff made my stay very enjoyable by making me feel at home.	
Feb 28 2007 	Great hotel	Booked this hotel as a &quot;secret hotel&quot; through [--] and was not disappointed! Very friendly, helpful front desk staff. Great style to the hotel with little Sherlock Holmes touches dotted around.All in all, lovely hotel, great location - highly recommended	
Feb 18 2007 	You must stay here!!!	My girlfriend &amp; I stayed at the Sherlock Holmes for the second part of a birthday trip. A good friend had stayed here before and fully recommended it. We found it easily &amp; were warmly welcomed by the duty manager after check in, which, we found a nice personal touch. The hotel itself has a laid back charm with an old school elegance which is very inviting. The room was more than adequate, very comfortable &amp; individual. I havn't stayed in a room like this before &amp; was very happy to do so! The bar at evening was fun &amp; lively &amp; a great place to start before we went out. We had a tapas meal in the bar which was very nice. All in all this place is terrific, a very high standard of service, lovely rooms &amp; food &amp; well placed for Oxford St &amp; transport links, we will be returning in the near future.	
Feb 16 2007 	Fantastic hotel home away from home!!!!	We loved the contempary style of the hotel and the homely , yet stylish rooms. The staff and management were polite, friendly and helpful, and along with the great accommodation they made the stay relaxing and enjoyable. The hotel was ideal for our stay as it was close to both the theatre and madame tussauds. I would definitely reccommend the hotel to family and friends.	
Feb 13 2007 	Fantastic!	I stayed here for only two nights and had a wonderful time. Not only is the hotel beautiful, the food is great, the staff are very helpful and friendly and the room we stayed in was lovely and quiet. The hotel is also in a great location, so close to Oxford Street and all the sites. Definitely a 10 out of 10 for me!	
Feb 6 2007 	Good location but a bit pricy.	We stayed in the hotel for five nights during the New Year holiday. The location is perfect, walking distance to Oxford street and only three minutes away from Baker street tube station. We had booked a superior room, it was nicely decorated, but very hot. We had to sleep with our window open during our entire stay, because the air condition only works in the summer. The bathroom had a bathtub and it was quite modern looking. The hotel had a pillow menu from where you could choose between three types of pillows. I really wanted the magic pillow, but sadly they were all taken. They should not advertise an offer when they can't provide the goods, if you ask me.The hotel bar is really nice with a very good selection of drinks and liquor, but it's pricy. The fireplace and leather chairs are so cozy! We didn't try the restaurant, but it had a good menu and a stylish interior.I will absolutely recommend the spa, had a really good massage and they use aromatheraphy associates products, smells divine! The hotel has also a gym, but we didn't have the time to try it.I would like to stay here again, the location is really good and the neighbourhood has plenty of shops and restaurants. But only if we get a better price.	
Feb 2 2007 	Amazing Hotel - Loved it	Liaising directly with the hotel's Events Team, I organised a seminar for a group of 25 at the Sherlock Holmes Hotel. Prior to arrival, the Events Team were fantastic and took any stress out of organising the event. During our stay, all the staff were professional, helpful and accomodated our every need. Everything was carried out with such attention to detail.The hotel it's self was stylish throughout, immaculatly clean and had a wonderfully warm and relaxed atmosphere. The food was amazing. A lot of thought had obviously gone into putting together the menu for the wonderful buffet lunch. Everything was presented so nicely and everyone commented on how tasty and unusual the food was. .Everyone attending the event had a brilliant time and I thank all the Staff for making the day a success. I would definately use this hotel again and recommed it to both work colleagues and friends alike.	
Jan 31 2007	Great location	We booked the Sherlock Holmes based on Trip Advisor reviews, and were not disappointed. Breakfast was included, and we took advantage of the sumptuous buffet, since prices at restaurants are outrageous. Many evenings, we went next door to the Tesco mini-market and bought a sandwich, salad, fruit, and pastry for dinner, costing about $12 - $15 for the 2 of us. We visited many national museums, which are free to the public. Our favorites were the British Museum and the National Gallery. Our stay included a free transportation pass(Oyster) for the week, and we took advantage of both the underground(one block away) and the double decker buses. Using the subway is not difficult if you study the map, and the many escalators helped getting from one line to another quick and easy. All the personnel at the hotel were friendly and helpful, and we wouldn't hesitate to return to the Sherlock Holmes on our next trip to London.	
Jan 30 2007 	relaxed atmosphere	On arrival at the hotel we were made to feel very welcomd. The hotel is very clean,staff very helpful and a feel good factor about the whole hotel.Our room was very large and comfortable, but not over pretentiousWould recomend this hotel to everyone	
Jan 28 2007	Nice hotel but the room was to hot	We were staying at the hotel between January the 18th to 21. The room was quite small, but that was expected due to the hotels location in central London. The staff where alright, did their very best. We arrived during the storm the 18th, and Heathrow had been closed down during the day. As a result of this, the hotel were crowded. We received a room with a window facing the courtyard. The room was rather trendy and nice furbished. However, the air condition was not working, and it was impossible to open a window because of the noisy fans on the court yard. After talking to the reception, I was told that the ac where not working during winter, so in other words, it was impossible to turn down the heat.My recommendation is therefore to ask for a room facing the front/street of the hotel, in order to be able to have a window open during night.	
Jan 21 2007 	Great hotel	Stayed here on a theatre break booked with lastminute.com. As soon as we arrived we liked the trendy bar atmosphere of the reception area and the very friendly staff at reception. The first room they gave us smelt very strongly of smoke so we asked to change. We went out for a while and when we got back they had moved our luggage to a lovely non smoking room with a much better view at the front of the hotel. The rooms are obviously recently decorated in a very contemporary style with lovely bathroom. Our rate did not include breakfast so we had a cheaper one at the next door coffee shop, but it looked nice if you are on an inclusive rate. All in all a really enjoyable stay and I would recommend this hotel to anyone. It lives up to my idea of a boutique hotel where many do not.	
Jan 18 2007 	Worth investigating Dr Watson !	Really recommend this homely hotel with excellent access to the Baker Street area. Recently upgraded and with excellent facilities and very friendly staff. The restaurant was of high quality with an impressive wine list.	
Jan 11 2007 	A gem on Baker Street	I have just returned from what I can say is one of the best stays I have had in a London hotel. I am in a hotel at least 3 days a week, and find that in London the average 4 star business hotel is quite that average! The Sherlock Holmes however defies all convention in that statement.The place is very unassuming as you walk up Baker Street, only 5 minutes walk from Baker St tube, its location is superb, and 10 minutes walk to Selfridges and Oxford Street. I was greeted by a great looking chap on what was the concierge desk, situated in a buzzing bar, the hotel reception is not the first thing you see here as in most other hotels! The bar is full of the trendy people that you would expect at any west end bar, this give a superb first impression, its is also nice to see a real fire blazing away as a centerpiece to a bar. The reception check in was friendly, swift and painless, with all the usual explanations, my rate included continental breakfast which I could upgrade to a full breakfast in the morning. The floors are a bit of a rabbit warren, but when you get to your room the walk is worth it. My room was fantastic, it overlooked Baker street, which was a bit of a concern for me as the typical noise that London generates at night potentially meant a sleepless night, I didnt need worry the windows keep out all the unwanted noise and I got the best night sleep I ever had at a any London hotel. The room was large and very well equipped, the bed very comfortable (square feather pillows and duvet, with the option to change the pillow from a list provided on the bedside), a sofa facing the TV, stocked mini bar, fruit and water as it was an executive room. The bathroom was exceptional, large tub, powerful shower and more than enough mini Molten Brown. The room is furnished very comfortably and modern and it was spotlessly clean.My colleagues and I did not eat dinner in the hotel, but did return to the bar and roaring fire, the bar again was buzzing and the staff were well switched on, I can honestly say that the barman mixed the best Mojito I have had for a long time (so much so, it took me 3 to make my mind up).Breakfast was so easy, an extensive continental selection which you can add to from the cooked English range for an additional cost, the 2 guys on the door were great, very polite and a proper sized pot of tea and coffee which helps to start the day.This little place is one of Londons best kept secrets. Well done the Management &amp; Staff and Park Plaza. Ill be back, and its places like this that make the chore of working in London easier.	
Jan 8 2007 	Christmas at The Sherlock Holmes.	Imagine my predicament. My Mother-in-law was coming to stay with us for Christmas. Did I want to be caged with her in the confides of out small flat? Solution - book a hotel. And we could not have booked a better one. We stayed for two nights - in separate rooms of course, but unfortunately on the same floor - on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day. We also took advantage of the Christmas Lunch, which was excellent value. Throughout our stay we experienced excellent service, be it from the cleaner, or the General Manger, who was kind enough to introduce himself during our stay. Despite the chore or working over Christmas, everyone of the staff behaved professionally whilst still retaining a party mood. I would recommend it to anyone, but without my Mother-in Law.	
Jan 4 2007 	One of the best hotels in London	My boyfriend and I booked the Romance Package as advertised on their website, as we had stayed there a few years back. Both times we have had the most fabulous time, and have been kindly upgraded to one of the loft suites which are stunning! I think the rooms vary quite a bit so it's worth going for a executive room. The staff were really helpful, we felt very welcomed and it was well worth the price! We'll definately go back again, for our next anniversary!!	
Dec 21 2006 	Fab Time In London	Have just returned from an enjoyable stay at the Sherlock Holmes Hotel in London. We arrived early and asked if we could check in. We were told that our room wasn't ready but the hotel would look after our bag if we wanted to leave it there-which was great. We came back later and checked in ok. Our room was lovely. Very large for a London room. The staff were all very polite and helpful. We has a couple of drinks in the Hotel Bar in the evening but would recommend going to one of the local pubs (the Globe-opposite Baker Street Tube Station was nice) as it was a little pricey in the hotel. We did not have dinner at the Hotel as there are many restaurants in the area to choose from. Breakfast (continental) was included in our deal and it was great-lots of choice!The location of the Hotel was ideal. A couple of minutes from Baker Street Tube Station, 10 minute walk down to Oxford Street, but slightly off of the main hustle and bustle of the busy London Streets!!Overall we had a lovely time and would book to saty here again.	
Dec 19 2006 	Don't expect to check-in until nearly 3pm!!	This hotel was booked through a travelzoo offer of £ 69 incl breakfast which is a pretty good deal in Central London.Hotel location is good, 5 mins from Baker St tube, very easy for getting to Oxford Circus or West End.I had asked for an ealy check-in and telephoned the hotel 2 days beforehand. Was assured that although this could not be guaranteed, would probably be able to do it.As it turned out, due to delays, didn't arrive at hotel until 2.15pm which is after the advertised check-in time of 2pmVery shocked to be told that room wasn't ready yet and could not say how ling it would be. We had a late lunch booked for 3pm and I was not impressed especially as I had requested an early check-in. Good job we didn't turn up at midday!! Receptionist got quite rude and annoyed when I expressed my disatisfaction and said check-in was only from 2pm and rooms might not be ready until 3pm or later...Expect a £ 50 deposit to be authorised on your CC for possible &quot;extras&quot; and don't take anything out of the mini bar to have a look at or you will be charged! Room was eventually ready at 2.40pm which meant a rush to get ready and we were late for the lunch booking. Not the best start.Room was fine, reasonable size and clean.Our rate included the continental breakfast the next morning which was a good selection of cereal, bread, cold meat/cheese, yogurt etc. The restaurant area was quite small for a hotel of its size and the staff struggled to keep up with clearing tables for the next guest. Check-out was fine , was not charged for any thing extra and overall a good experience and I would stay here again, but not arrive until 3pm!!	
Dec 11 2006 	Nice Hotel....	We were pleased with the Sherlock Holmes. We were only in London for one night, and we didn't have the chance or desire to try out the bar or food.We were charged $6 for a can of soda we moved in the minibar. The staff was kind enough to remove the charge from our tab (those dumb Americans, I'm sure they were thinking). There was also a mixup with the cab that the concierge ordered for our early morning flight. A nice hotel, overall.	
Dec 11 2006 	Working on a a Saturday!	Not my idea of a great evening coming up to Christmas, spent in a hotel away from my beloved Brighton, but with work to do on Saturday it was a necessity. However, the festive ambience as I walked into the bar, humming with end of week chatter, was very welcome and I felt surprisingly comfortable sitting there alone, soaking up the atmosphere (and the Gin).My room, fit for the executive I am, was very pleasant with plenty of space and the (common to most hotel rooms) inordinate amount of cupboard and cabinet space - do people really travel with the complete contents of their home?Everything worked, the TV had limited channels (no Sky I cry) but the heating was easy to use and the soundproofing protected me from West End Saturday night revellers.Too shy to dine alone, I ordered a perfectly good room service dinner which whilst not piping hot, was adequate for my needs and breakfast likewise was good if not a little tepid.All in all, apart from the design of the room service menus, my visit was a visually attractive experience, comfortable and welcoming.	
Dec 6 2006 	Loved the atmosphere and great service	We came to the Sherlock Holmes Hotel on a recommodation of friends of mine and we were very impressed with the Hotel . The Hotel has got a lovely warm and welcoming atmosphere, and the staff were extremely friendly and helpful.The Room was very spacious, clean and modern. The Hotels location is fantastic as well as it is very central and only 5 minutes walk from Oxford Street, which was great for our Christmas shopping.We will definately be back in the New Year and recommend the Hotel further.	
Dec 6 2006	friendly service	the hotel was lovely and very modern close to all means of transport staff very friendly and helpfull. rooms very clean and tidy. the food was exceptional with good choice and was great value for money. we had a very enjoyable stay we will book again.	
Dec 3 2006 	Most unhelpful service ever	We booked the Sherlock Holmes Hotel based on the great looking website and the mainly positive reviews seen before for the night of our engagement party. We specified that this was a romantic break when we booked. My finance dropped the bag in the hallway of the room and dashed off to meet me and our guests at our party venue. When we came to the hotel back after a great night out at around12.30am, we had a most unpleasant surprise. The room was hard to find (the sign posts were missing or wrong), freezing cold with the aircon at 10C and not budging above 15C, the room a claustrophobic box with an industrial extractor fan outside the window giving the feeling of being next to a plane. We immediately called reception to be moved. The most unhelpful woman at the front desk told us that they were fully booked and it was tough luck. We decided not to have our night ruined and phoned a different hotel and left straight away only to see a number of people being just checked in, so clearly they still had unallocated rooms!!! I would strongly advise to avoid this awful, rude and overpriced excuse of a hotel at all cost. It was the most disappointing experience I ever made and hope that no one has to go throught the same. Shame on you, Plaza Hotels!	
Dec 2 2006 	Small room no heat	I arrived at the hotel to find that I was given a small, cramped and worn looking room that had no heat. I complained to the front desk and they said they would send someone to fix it, so I waited in the rather charming lobby for what turned out to be several hours. Their &quot;fix&quot; was to put a space heater in the room, which I thought was odd. I didn't care for the room at all. I will not return to this hotel.	
Nov 28 2006 	Good Location OK Hotel Hit and Miss re Room you get	This was supposed to be a treat for my mother-in-law. I stipulated when I booked some 6 weeks before our stay that we needed a TWIN room, and was assured that that was what I would get. I called the day before we arrived just to double check that we were getting a twin room (as it was obviously very important to me) and it was confirmed that we were. When we arrived, however, we were shown to a very small double room with filthy stained carpets. I immediately called Reception. They said that there were no twin rooms left in the hotel and the best they could do was bring another bed up to the room. I laughed - WHERE did they think they were going to put it? There was just enough space for us to stand on either side of the bed! I asked to speak to the Manager who informed me that when you make a reservation at the hotel they can not guarentee that you will get the sort of room that you request, and you could therefore get a double when you book a twin, that was a risk you take - I said balderdash! She then tried to tell me that I had not actually booked a twin. I was losing patience. Eventually after a lot of &quot;persuasion&quot;, a twin room was miraculously found. It had a wooden floor and was larger and altogether better. The hotel was only a short stroll from Oxford St and Selfridges and we enjoyed the rest of the afternoon. When we returned later that evening after a theatre trip we could not have a drink in the bar as it was full. The Restaurant was shut due to the floor being sanded. We retired to our room which was oppressively hot. I could not seem to turn off the hearing and called reception. They sent someone up who told me that they can not adjust the heating, it is now set to winter and they can not over ride the system. He opened the windows for us and offered to bring up a fan, so there we were, in late November, sweating madly and trying to sleep with the noise of the street and the fan! We were first in the queue for Madame Tussauds the next morning, though, as it is close to the hotel! They did hold onto our luggage for us, and when we finally checked out everyone leaving seemed to have complaints about something, eg for being charged for the mini bar when they just took an item out to look at it and then replaced it. I won't even mention the problems we had because of the transparent glass in the bathroom door! I don't think I will be back!	
Oct 19 2006 	Great Hotel Excellent Service	We booked a superior double room for a weekend away, opting for a weekend rate that included continental breakfast and a bottle of wine.We drove into London on the Saturday - no problem with traffic - and parked in a multi-storey car park just behind the hotel (not cheap, but parking in central London isn't).The reception was busy, but the lady who dealt with our booking in was very polite and efficient and apologised for the slight delay. She asked us what wine we would like, and within minutes of us getting to our room there was a knock on the door, with a waitress delivering the wine and glasses.The room was clean and tidy with plenty of towels, toiletries, etc. We agree that the glass bathroom door is strange - but not really an issue.We ate in the restaurant on the Saturday evening, and the food was very good. We liked the fact that the kitchen was an open style so we could see the chefs preparing our food. The restaurant staff were very attentive and we could not fault anything. Similarly at breakfast the food and service were very good, with it being served in the restaurant and in the bar area. This hotel is less than 10 mins walk from Oxford Street which makes it a great place to stay for a shopping break. It is also not far to walk to the theatre areas. We walked to Shaftesbury Avenue, to the Queens Theatre, with no problem, along Oxford Street and cutting through Carnaby Street and down through Soho. I stay in London hotel a fair amount on business, and there are very few that I would recommend for leisure use. I hadn't used this hotel before, but chose it after reviews on this site and we would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a hotel in the shopping/theatre area of London.	
Oct 5 2006 	Do you feel lucky?	The Sherlock Holmes is a nice boutique hotel and the front desk staff are generally helpful both at check-in and check-out. The bar has a nice and friendly decor, and the food served there is well above average.It has very nice rooms. But it only happened to me once in about 4 stays to end up in such a room with bright space and wood flooring. Since then, I've only met with rather low-ceiling rooms and not-so-new carpets. Bathrooms are nice, but the glass doors are not the best idea for privacy (unless you're travelling alone). Overall this hotel is excellent if you are lucky enough to get one of the nice rooms - in all other cases it's disappointing.	
Oct 3 2006 	It Was Just OK	Stayed here for 2 nights for my husband's birthday.This hotel was adequate,nothing special.I agree with another reviewer who said that you really need to go for the superior room to be sure of getting something decent. I think that the infamous glass bathroom doors are the result of some mad designer's idea of ultra chic. Sadly it just doesn't work!!!	
Sep 29 2006 	Great Wedding Anniversary	My Husband and I booked to stay here for our 15th Wedding Anniversary. We wanted to be close to London but not necessarily right in the middle and found this hotel to be just right as the sound of the traffic was not bad. We took the underground to Baker Street and it was easy to walk to the hotel from the station. Once there we checked in but as it was early the room was not ready so we had a drink in the lobby bar which was lovely and the atmosphere was great. The reception staff were really nice and we had no problem with check in, we were asked to fill out the usual details and were also asked what newspaper we would like in the morning; The FT or Telegraph. Because it was our anniversary we had been upgraded to a superior room which was really clean and roomy, the glass door on the bathroom was cleverly designed to give the bathroom a feeling of more room and light and didn't phase us at all. Shortly after we arrived at our room a platter of fruit and chocolates and a bottle of water were brought up, which was a lovely touch and we enjoyed this with the bottle of champagne we had also ordered! We had booked theatre tickets for the evening so we didn't have chance to try out dinner at the hotel but the restaurant looked good from the reception, intimate and cosy.We will definately book again, we really enjoyed our stay here!	
Sep 21 2006 	Trendy hotel what will not break bank	We stayed in the Sherlock Holmes for one night on our way back home. From the minute we stepped in the lobby, there was a cute little band playing and the atmosphere was very trendy. I was not expecting it from a hotel called &quot;Sherlock Holmes&quot; and was pleasantly surprised, especially because London is SO expensive - I would have expected it from a much more expensive hotel.I would definitely stay here the next time I visit London.	
Aug 19 2006 	Pot Luck	My husband and I stayed for 2 nights in August. Having read the reviews and visited the hotel I think visitors take pot luck as to how good it will actually be. Unless you go for the superior rooms there's no guarantee of what you will get. My husband has stayed there a couple of times before on business and has seen various rooms supposedly all at the same corporate rate. Even though this time they knew there was 2 of us, we had a smaller room than he's had before, no bath, chipped sinked, a view of roof tops and air conditioning units and due to the close proximity of at least 8 of such units (i.e. directly below our window, facing up) there was a constant hum, 24 hrs a day. The glass bathroom doors are a joke. If the privacy thing wasn't enough, and that's down to personal choice, they don't work! Perfect example of form over function. Someone thought they'd look good but as they don't actually do what a door and a wall are suppose to do, why bother. They clang and rattle, they don't fit the space so there is at least a inch gap and due to the positioning of the mirror, even with the door as closed as much as possible you can still see into the bathroom from the main room. The fire alarm went off at 2am with no apology or explaination the following day. Turns out it was someone smoking in a non smoking room. The room wasn't serviced properly (no tea and coffee refills) and wasn't done until after 2pm, which I discovered after being out for almost 5 hours. I then had to change my plans and go out again whilst they did the room. Some people seem to get breakfast included in their rate and others don't and it doesn't seem to matter how much you pay. Whilst the food is good it is very overpriced - £14 for croissants, £10 for boiled egg and soldiers! There are loads of coffee shops etc nearby which do breakfast menus which are much better value.The public areas of the hotel are very nice and I'm sure many of the rooms are too but not all of them are and visitors need to know what to expect - check before hand about baths, don't be afraid to ask for a different room if you don't like what you get - I wish we had. It's not that it is a bad hotel, it's just that for the money you expect more and you expect everyone to receive an equal level of service. As the title says it's pot luck 2 people paying the exact same rate could end up with completely different experiences, facilities and level of service. If some rooms aren't as good, charge less! Don't make people feel lucky they got one of the bigger ones. Having stayed there now I'm not suprised that almost everyone I witnessed checking in was having the more expensive rooms sold to them at extra cost.My husband will probably have to go back but as he's had to complain everytime he stays, he won't be looking forward to it. I on the other hand won't bother.	
Jul 12 2006	Glass bathroom door 'feature'	Being uncomfortable with the lack of privacy when using the toilet, I asked for a change of room. I was informed that all the rooms had glass bathroom doors and that everyone else thought that was a great feature of the hotel. Reading the reviews on this site I am relieved to find out that it is not just me who feels a little uncomfortable with being on show on the toilet!	
Jul 9 2006	Average stay in London	Arrived at the Sherlock Holmes Hotel on Friday 7th July 2006. The hotel itself is not within the congestion charge zone but sits just on the border, however to use the carpark that the hotel suggest, you go 100 metres in to the zone, therefore incurring an £8.00 charge that must be paid on the same day......Not a good start. However, the hotel does offer a discounted rate at this carpark, (Chiltern Street) we paid £38.00 to park from midday Friday until midday Sunday, which is a fairly good rate for London.The hotel sits on the high street and is quite small, our room was on the third floor and I would say was adequate, it had an unusual bathroom with a glass sliding door, this meant there was not much in the way of privacy when using the bathroom. It did however have aircon which was a god send as the weather was hot. The room also had the standards in terms of TV small kettle and hairdryer but not a lot else.The nearest tube station is Baker Street which is a 5 minute walk away.We paid a rate of £104.00 per night, NOT, including breakfast. I would say that I was slightly disappointed by the hotel as I expected much more after viewing the website and expected more of a Sherlock Holmes theme throughout the hotel and in the rooms.Overall it was Ok but for the money, I am sure we could have found a slightly better hotel.	
Apr 7 2006	Some Serious Problems!	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for a couple of nights before getting on a cruise in Europe. We booked it through Expedia, and at the time it was ranked a 4 star hotel. IT IS NOT!!! It is a 3 star on a good day. Our room made a room in New York look huge. Once our baggage was delivered we couldn't move. The shower was a corner of the bathroom with a broken sliding door. The one window had a shade on it that fell down as soon as we touched it. Our view was of a dumpster, the carpet and bed linens were both stained... and the air conditioning was non-existent. The good : nice location, and decent bar. That's it. Book it if you're not looking for any type of luxury.	
Mar 30 2006	Great hotel	We stayed here for one night and found it to be a lovely hotel. The room was really clean, and well stocked with tea and coffee, nice clean bathroom. Not much of a view though - minor complaint really as it's London! Location is fine too, not too far to walk to the nearest tube stop. Best bit though was the breakfast, really tasty. Would definatley recommend and stay here again.	
Jan 1 2006	Quite Nice	I stayed at the Sherlock Holmes Hotel in December of 2005 and found it quite nice. I had been upgraded to an executive room, although don't remember booking it that way. I got a lovely tray of welcome goodies such as fruit, small bottles of wine and mineral water, chocolate, biscuits, and hot cocoa mix. I even got a pair of slippers which, considering I wear a size 4 US or 2 UK were much too big so didn't even open them but took them home and gave them to one of my sisters. Overall the room was quite large and well furnished. I didn't mind the frosted glass door to the bathroom as I was travelling alone and made sure to lock the bolt on the room door, so privacy wasn't an issue once I closed the window drapes.I had a room overlooking a street so it was somewhat noisy but not a problem for me, but if somebody needs things quiet in order to sleep they'd want to ask for a room away from the streets. There are many shops, stores and food places nearby. The Baker St. tube station is half a block up the street and the Sherlock Holmes Museum is just past the tube station. Madame Tousaud's Wax Museum is also nearby.	
Dec 30 2005	We were robbed by the staff...	We had a pretty good experience up to our last day. On our last day, we gave our luggage to keep to the concierge. We retrieved later most of the bags. One was missing, stolen. The manager apologized and promised us compensation. Lies, lies... They didn't follow up and didn't even bother answering all the emails and letter I sent...	
Dec 28 2005	the good and the bad mostly good	I spent close to three weeks in this hotel in August and I feel I got a great value for the price booked through BA holidays.In my time in the hotel I actually saw a number of guest rooms. When I arrived my room was not ready, but the helpful polite desk staff asked if I wanted to be upgraded and showed me a room which wasn't very large or like the pictures on their site, but did have a separate room with desk and second tv. I didn't think it was worth the extra money ($50 per day more) so I waited around for my room, top floor facing the rear which was great. Nice hardwood floors and big windows, but be warned, in summer, not all the air con works very well in all rooms so I shut curtains every day to keep the sun out. The room charge includes a nice breakfast, and if you have the right cables, free internet access. Or with a pay service, wireless internet which I thought was a bit pricey at 15pounds per day. My room had the benefit of a bath on the side, facing the hall which is MUCH more private, even with glass doors, than the bath facing the bed which offers no privacy. I mean none. It's worth asking for a room with the bath facing the hall. Overall the room was clean and bright and had what you need, including hair dryer, safe and minibar with room to store leftovers or a sandwich.I would have enjoyed staying in this room for the entire stay, but after a week or so, a leak was reported from my plumbing. they wanted to move me while they repaired the leak. I've spent lots of time in London in various types of hotels, and apartments, so I'm used to the lower standard of service and smaller rooms, but if this had been an American hotel- they would probably have upgraded me for the inconvenience. But they only offered to move my stuff for me to another room while I was out. I asked instead to view several rooms as choices, none of which were nicer than the room I was currently in. I noticed the rooms in the front were louder than the rooms in the back, and darker. I finally selected a top floor rear corner which was a bit darker and dingy compared to the previous room, but had really good working AC. When I moved my stuff in myself, I found a welcome plate with fruit and water and a card and I thought 'How lovely' until I read the card and realized it was intended for the guest that would have been checking into this room later that day. So they treat some people extremely well apparently.I never once found the staff anything but friendly, the location can't be beat with Baker st tube 1/2 block away, Regent's Park and all the shops nearby (Pret a Manger, Starbucks, Boots, newsie, burger joints and Tesco Express within 200 yards of the front door). Several nice pubs within 2 min walk and a laundrette as well. I'd go back, providing I got a great rate. It's definitely worth spending $90-150 but I've seen their basic rooms quoted closer to $250. I'd say it's a 2 1/2 or possibly 3 star hotel in a 4+ star location.please note, all pictures are of the first room, the one I liked.	
Dec 12 2005	great place to stat	My mother and I stayed at the Sherlock Holmes Hotel in London. A great hotel, nice and friendly staff. The breakfast is good, no english breakfast but you have the possibility to order extra's (charged).The rooms are nice and clean and for London standards big.There was a young man with the name of Dino (from Germany). He was verry helpfull. Good value.	
Oct 10 2005 	Frustrating Stay	My stay at the Hotel Sherlock Holmes was quite frustrating. First of all, the hotel staff is unfriendly and patronizing. Secondly, the hotel does not understand the concept of a wake up call. I asked for a 3:30 PM wake up call in order to get up for a business function and they called me at 3:45. I needed that extra 15 minutes to get ready. To top it off, they didn't even apologize. They just said that is was 3:35. When I told them that my watch and the TV said 3:45 they just said that their system must be off. I recommended that they fix their system for the benefit of the other guests and they told me to set a wake up call for 15 minutes before! Worried I would not be woken up the next morning, I asked for an alarm clock which they didn't have. Fortunately, I woke up due to my watch alarm the next morning because at 8:15, they still hadn't made my 8 AM wake up call. Another small thing is that the lights in the room do not work unless you insert your room card into a holder. This is no big deal but it would be nice to be told that this is how it works before you spend 10 minutes trying to figure out why the switches don't work. Although the service was terrible, the room was nice. It was big and clean. The bed was quite hard the and sheets scratchy.	
Sep 25 2005	Staff Robbed Us 	Beware: the hotel service staff stole things from our room, and the hotel staff conducted an obligatory, patronizingly ineffective investigation. Otherwise, it was a reasonably nice place.	
Sep 17 2005	Cute hotel with some problems	My husband and I stayed here for 2 nights- I think we got a pretty good rate through Expedia. The room we had was small, but it had a queen bed which was very comfortable. The room itself was kind of starting to look a bit worn, but it wasn't that much of a problem. The only problem we had was the bathroom door being made of just a piece of glass which I believe has been mentioned in other reviews. I didn't think it would be that big of a deal, but it was really weird. You need to throw your modesty out the door!The hotel otherwise was really nice- I liked the bar and the large area that looked like a library was really nice to sit in and read the paper. The location of the hotel was really nice, especially if you take a stroll on Marylebone High Street (parallel to Baker St.). Lots of high-end shops to browse through and several good restaurants.	
Sep 8 2005	Charming and comfortable	We enjoyed our stay at the Sherlock Holmes HOtel. Our room as on the second floor and was clean and modern. The bed was very comfortable. We found the location to be easy to get to and from, either by tube or by bus.  Breakfast buffet was included in our lodging fee and we enjoyed the fresh fruits, pastries and juices.  A few hitches such as not getting a wake-up call and a problem with the laundry service due to a bank holiday did not effect our opinions of this hotel.  We'd stay there again!	
Aug 22 2005	The website photos make it look better than it is!	Upon check in we found that our keycard stopped working and we had to keep going back to the front desk to have it fixed. After the third time we were locked out, we asked for another room (which was begrudgingly granted to us by a less than friendly front desk staff). The hotels rooms were VERY tiny, and VERY VERY dingy. The website gives it a boutique look,but this was nothing of the sort. Just a basic, dark and dingy room with disturbingly dirty carpet. The hotel also had an odd smell, I can't quite place what it was, but both rooms we stayed in had it. Luckily the windows opened so we got some fresh air. The area was just ok, a bit too touristy and &quot;starbucks on every corner&quot; for our taste.	
Aug 8 2005	Wonderful stay!	I stayed at the Sherlock Holmes hotel for 3 nights last week. I booked a superior twinroom with the weekendjeweg[-](dutch) site, that was a great deal, only 110 euro a night (per room, include breakfast).The hotel is very nice, modern but cosy, beautiful furnitured and centrally located (oxford street is a very short walk, close to madame tussauds and west end and regent's park).Our room was very nice, on the second floor, which is a non-smoking floor. The room was big (especially for a London hotel room) and the bathroom was very nice. The only problem was that we couldn't lock the door of our room, so the next day someone came to see it and he decided to offer us another room. Because the rest wasn't available, we got an executive room, which is even more beautiful (some extra things, like wardrobes, little bottles of wine...)The continental breakfast is very nice! Everything is fresh and there's a lot to choose, like fresh (chocolate-)croissants, fresh orange juice, lots of fruits, smoked salmon etc. It's really good!There's also a fitness room and sauna, but we didn't try that.Overall, I can't say anything bad about this hotel! The people are really nice and helpfull and we enjoyed our stay a lot! If you can get a good deal, I can really recommend this!	
Jun 18 2005	They sold our room right out from under us	I didn't get the actual chance to stay in the Sherlock Holmes. We booked this reservation as a fun way to end a long cruise vacation. Though we did not need to go to London, this sounded like a great place with lots of ambiance and charm. After a long trip from South Hampton, we arrived. It looked GREAT. Then the fun started. We were told that due to a &quot;computer crash,&quot; our reservation (that we paid for in total in March), had been dropped because they were over booked. Though we argued with the desk, they insisted on moving us to a &quot;comperable&quot; sister hotel that was in a &quot;more covenient&quot; location in London.Bottom line: the sister hotel wasn't charming and it wasn't comperable. We discovered that we were kicked out because they wanted to add ten unexpected tour group folks and they needed the space. We were booted out using the old &quot;bait and switch,&quot; and we were lied to by the management. Our long-planned, charming 3 days in London was ruined. Buyer beware: even a paid reservation doesn't matter to this hotel. If they need the room, you could find yourself in a bland, glass walled, business hotel in a crazy neighborhood near Vistoria Station.The hotel looks charming, but you may not get in!	
Jun 10 2005	Great hotel great location	We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights and it was excellent. Great hotel on a great location. Bakerstreet tube station only a few steps away! Breakfast was great, staff was helpful. We had a very good deal and we surely come back if we can get the same price next time!	
May 7 2005	A pleasant stay	We had our wedding reception at the Sherlock Holmes and stayed there for 2 nights. It was a very pleasant stay and the staff were helpful in coping with our various wedding-related requests (cold storage for bridal bouquet, vases delivered to room, etc.). There were a couple of points that rendered it less than an ideal experience, but these were fairly minor and did not detract from the overall comfort of our stay:The room was hot - airconditioning did not seem to be working, and opening the windows wasn't a viable option as we overlooked Baker Street (very busy road). On the plus side, with the windows closed, there was no traffic or street noise whatsoever.We paid extra to upgrade to a studio, which was about the size of what I would consider a normal hotel room (then again, I am not a native European!). My in-laws were in an Executive room and it was pretty tiny. Okay for sleeping in but not a lot of space in which to move around if you plan to spend much time in your room.This aside, it was an attractive room with stylish furnishings and accents. I was prepared for the washroom door after reading the other reviews on this site, and took a photo of it especially to post here for other readers! I don't think you can really see much through the door, but it is a little disconcerting the first few times you use the facilities. There was also a bit of a gap between the door and the wall when the door was &quot;closed&quot; - not a real problem unless your companion is deliberately trying to make you uncomfortable by standing outside and strategically positioning him- or herself.Good water pressure in the shower, and nice toiletries (Molton Brown), although some conditioner to go with the shampoo would have been useful. As others have said, the location of the hotel is excellent - very central, walking distance to lots of sights and shops, and there are loads of restaurants, grocery stores, and cafes/fast food joints just a few steps away. Tube station is about 3 minutes' walk. I've had good service in the bar... and the flavoured martinis are worth the wait in any case!Prices are reasonable by London standards (i.e., outrageous everywhere else in the world). We had dinner in the restaurant (Sherlock's Grill) following the wedding reception, and the food was delicious if not inexpensive. There's a lovely, airy lounge area towards the back of the ground floor with sofas, armchairs, and a fireplace, which makes a great spot to sit and relax away from the bar if you are so minded. Overall, I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
May 3 2005	Superb value	The Sherlock Holmes is located right on Baker st. steps the Marylebone and Baker tube stations. Fantastic location. Convenience stores and coffee shop all around. Our room was great by all standards, clean, updated, nice beds, duvet covers. We opted out of the breakfast due to the price. Plenty of places and choices within the block. Our only complaint was the bar staff. On 3 occasions the sevice was absolutely terribly. The 1st night we arrived it took 10 minutes to get someone to take our order. The 2nd night it was their Spanish theme night. On our way out for the eve. the bar mgr. talked us into staying. He showed us to a table and we waited 15 min. before walking out, he stopped us, we explained, he offered no excuses. On our way back in we tried to get a nightcap but gave up after not getting anyone to notice us.If you stay at the Sherlock Holmes, stay out of the bar and breakfast and you'll have a great hotel.	
Apr 27 2005	Pretty good for the money!	I thought this was a perfectly good hotel for the price. Stayed here in late April 2005 as part of a package purchased through British Airways. It's newly-renovated and looks great. The beds were very comfy, and the rooms quiet (we overlooked Baker Street and still slept like the dead). Our one wake-up call was performed as requested. The continental breakfast was included and was great, the pizzas we had one night in the bar for a late dinner were good. The hotel is just 2 blocks from the Baker Street tube station which has about 4 major subway lines running through--it was very easy to get around the city from there. Yes the room was small, but this is Europe and that's how it goes. My only complaints were a weird smell in the bathroom that would not go away (it eminated from the drain in the middle of the floor) and the tv only got about 7 channels (not a big deal--we were busy). The frosted glass doors on the bathroom were weird. You can't really see anyone who's in there &quot;occupied,&quot; but still an odd design choice. At any rate, with the dollar being where it is now, I thought this was a very good hotel for the amount we spent and I'd recommend it.	
Apr 22 2005 	pleasant but unremarkable hotel	After years of travelling to London and staying in cramped, overpriced bed-and breakfast type places, I thought I'd spend a bit extra and stay at a real hotel. Saw some of the earlier reviews of this place, and decided to give it a try. I recognized the address, and knew it was close to the Baker St. Tube station, and very easy to get to direct from Heathrow by tube. The entrance off Baker street is a bit odd, as you have to wheel your suicase in through the bar and restaurant to get to the reception. Staff were friendly and efficient, and I was soon in my room. The description of the place as a boutique hotel is, I guess, accurate. The interior has been modernized and has an art-nouveau designer feel to it. My room was relatively spacious, (enormous, by London standards) with a comfortable bed, and a functional desk. The bathroom was very modern, and the lighting was good. At first glance the room looked new, and well appointed.However, on closer inspection, there was a strange lack of attention to detail. There were odd holes (fist-sized) in the ceiling, where pot lights had been wired in, but not installed. The wall to wall carpet was threadbare (odd, for a newly renovated hotel), and didn't quite meet the walls in many spots.By North American standards, this is a 2 star facility, charging 4 star rates. However, if you want a hotel room in London large enough to turn around in, at reasonable rates, this is not a bad deal. If you're going to London as a tourist, and don't plan to spend a a lot of time in the room, does it really matter? The hotel location is convenient, less than a block to the tube station, from which you can go anywhere in London. However, its location is such that you could also walk to most major tourist attractions if you're not in a hurry. I didn't try the hotel restaurant or bar. About a block away, on Paddington Street, there are several nice local pubs and a very good Thai Steam room and Massage place (Thailand Rose) where you can get your travel pains relieved at reasonable rates. The bottom line...I would return.	
Mar 9 2005	Pretty good	All in all not too bad although this place did not live up to some of the rave reviews it has received and did not turn out to be all that the hotel website suggests it is. My wife and I stayed here for 1 night over a March weekend and thought this place was pretty good although it did have a few faults that we did not expect. The location is superb. 2 minutes walk from Baker St. tube and Madam Tussauds. The actual room itself was a little on the small side for our liking and not at all like the ones pictured on the website. There was enough room to walk around the bed and that was it. It was however clean and fairly well kitted out with mini bar, safe and TV.We were unfortunate in the fact that our room was right outside the air conditioning unit which was quite noisy so we could not open the window at night and was fairly unattractive to look at. To be honest this was not a problem for us as it was cold outside so we kept the window closed but I would imagine this would be a little annoying during the spring/summer months.The bathroom was clean and very well designed although the door was about 2 foot away from the bed and consisted of a partially frosted pane of glass that slid to the side offering very little privacy to the person using it. A little too much emphasis on design and not enough thought on practicality.For me the best part about this hotel is the bar. Very relaxed and a wonderful place to sit and unwind after rushing around London all day. However, cheap it is not! 10 pounds for a glass of wine and a soda water (from a drinks gun) and they automatically add a 12.5% service charge to EVERYTHING you buy. My wife questioned this and was told by the bar steward that although it is discretionary she should have mentioned whilst ordering the drinks that she did not want to pay service and as it had already been rung through the till there was nothing that could be done about it. Very cheeky.The hotel staff were in general very helpful and were happy to check train times for us and give local advice. They were very welcoming and upon checkout were very efficient.All in all this hotel is well located, clean and a nice stay however I have only given it 3/5 because for the amount we paid (we paid 125 pounds through a discounted website) I did not feel we got good value for money. Would I stay here again? Yes, it is a well located and well appointed hotel but I would only stay if I was able to get a much better deal on the price.	
Mar 8 2005	Curate's Egg	The Sherlock Holmes is a bit of a curate's egg. It's good in parts, not in others.First of all our room wasn't ready and we had to go back to the hotel 3 times before we finally got one. Whatever the problem was we were eventually upgraded to one of the suites, which had a small living room area and the bedroom, with a TV in each.The main problem with the room we got was the bathroom door. Being glass and not frosted all the way down this meant that you could see your partner as they used the toilet and they could see you. Now I'm all for intimacy, but really! I can only imagine that the room is perhaps normally used by one person and not two. I did not find the staff particularly friendly. I think they were more interested in posing in their designer uniforms than helping the guests. Breakfast was a bit odd being a menu and a bit posey again. Eggs Florentine is nice, but what if you just want bacon and eggs. Not here you don't! I much prefer the buffet set up. People can get what they want., they can see it and it gets people moving through the system faster. The dining room is quite small and queues developed at breakfast, so be down before 9 to avoid this. A buffet would have solved this and got people moving through faster than having to specially order everything.It is a very nice looking hotel, there is Molten Brown in the bathroom, but it is a bit impersonal, a bit pouncy and the bathroom door became a bit of a joke. Banishing each other to the &quot;living room&quot; etc.Not all that friendly. I've had warmer welcomes at Hiltons and Novotels and they say that it's the big chains that are souless. Not so in this case.	
Dec 8 2004	view on airco	nice room, but no possibility of opening the window. View on massive , very noisy airco installation in the patio. No double glazing. T.i. double windows but no noisecontrol. AC or heating were out of order. To hot in the room.	
Nov 21 2004	I Will Be Going Back	I have to travel to London on business every month or so and am tired of staying in anonymous corporate hotels. On a friend's recommendation I stayed recently at The Sherlock Holmes Hotel and found it to be brilliant. My room was clean and well appointed and the staff were friendly and helpful. The front bar was excellent and had a mixture of local people and tourists - instead of one or the other which is so usual in London. I actually enjoyed my stay instead of viewing it as a place to spend the night. Every time I go to London now I ask to stay in either The Sherlock Holmes or The Pelham, both of which have good clean well appointed rooms with friendly and welcoming staff.They are both well located for tube, restaurants etc etc.	
Oct 22 2004	Surpassed expectations	I was more than a little anxious given the wildly varying reviews of the Sherlock Holmes, but having just returrned from a five day stay there, I can only assume that the harshly negative reviews must have come from people with limited experience of the London hotel room marketplace. As a former resident of the city and frequent visitor on business and leisure, I know how few choices there are in mid-range hotels and the Sherlock Holmes was a very pleasant surprise. It is not a five star hotel (or even quite a legitimate four), but for the price (@ 80GBP/night as part of a Expedia pkg) it is a very nice solid three star, and one with some style. My room was comfortable, spacious, and clean; the staff was very accomodating (accepting pkgs and holding them for my arrival, getting me into a room early after a long flight, etc), and the location (5 mins walk Baker St tube) is absolutely perfect if you have business around Regent's Park/Marleybone/Fitzrovia. Skip the overpriced, underwhelming restaurant -- there are much better choices nearby, especially for breakfast -- but the little lobby bar is a nice place to meet for a drink before heading out in the evening. Compared to what you typically get for the price (outdated, cramped, no services), the Sherlock Holmes far surpassed my expectations. Recommended.	
Oct 14 2004	Great location!	My husband and I stayed at the Sherlock Holmes Hotel for three nights. We arrived at 8:30 am after an overnight flight from the US, and hardly expected the hotel to have our room ready that early. We were pleasantly surprised to be able to check-in! Another great aspect of the hotel is the location - right near the Baker St tube station. Just one tip- they charge you for housekeeping service, so if you don't want the extra charge you should put the 'do not disturb' sign on the door.	
Oct 7 2004	You should stay here!	I can't recommend this place enough. We enjoyed four wonderful nights at the Sherlock Holmes hotel. A great spot for our first trip to London.For starters, the front desk was able to give us a room even though we arrived at 10 a.m. Rooms are modern, but comfortable with plenty of goodies. Hotel lounge appears to be a hip stop for locals -- and the bar stays open for guests long after the pubs close -- also concierge worked hard to get tickets to a sold out West End show.Marylebone is a great location to stay, not too busy, but close enough to all the sights - the Baker Street tube stop is 2 minutes away. Recommend dinner at nearby Michael Moore's (it's named after the chef, not the filmmaker).	
Sep 7 2004	How did Sherlock Holmes Hotel hurt my vacation? Let me count the ways	1) Public hair on the bed that I hadn't yet used. Got in late mid-August and my daughter and I were about to climb into bed around midnight when we pulled the duvet back and discovered pubic hair on the sheet. They sent someone up with new sheets except the sheets were too small and he was the night accountant who worked there two nights a week. He didn't know how to make a bed. I also had to ask for a new duvet cover, which he initially didn't bring. My daughter and i ended up having to make the bed with him and had to put two sheets end to end to cover the bed.2) Ineptitude with attitude, especially among the staff of the front desk. 3) The concierge gave me the wrong schedule for the Tower of London tours when he sold me the tickets. He said they let people in up till five but that those inside could stay until 6. My daughter and I got there at 4:15 to discover that the doors close (meaning everybody out) at 5. 4)Don't keep their wordl Since we were arriving late Saturday evening, Iwas concerned we would get the dregs--the dark room looking at a brick wall. So I called the headquarters a month in advance to make sure that didn't happen. I was told I should call early on the day of arrival so that a good room could be allocated to me. I did and spoke to the front desk manager. When we got there, we got the small dark room with no headboard, a desk that almost blocked the way to the bathroom, and a bathroom with no hooks to hang the towels. And yes, the made bed with the pubic hair.My friends' no smoking room had a cigarette butt in the toilet.5) Lack of paperwork. They transferred me and the rest of my party (we had three rooms altogether) the next day---and the rooms were fine. One room was even an upgrade. The staff had put our bags in the different rooms and we were handed the key cards. But the folder the key cards were in didn't have our names. In fact, they had other people's names that were stricken out. When my friends checked out a day ahead of me, they found out that they were checked into my room and vice-versa. but we had no way of knowing we were in the wrong rooms because there was no paperwork. They were assured it didn't matter that the wrong names were on the receipt, but when I came down later in the day to check on my airport car reservation, I found out that my reservation had been canceled because the people in my room had &quot;checked out.&quot; I was not in the system at all. 6) Service, no. Laziness, yes. It took me about 20 excruciating minutes to get the whole mess cleared up. I had to repeatedly give them my name and they repeatedly told me I had checked out. The front desk manager---the same one who assigned the lousy rooms in the first place--had known about the mix up but apparently didn't think it was necessary to correct it on the records or to inform me about it.7) HOT, AND NOT IN A GOOD WAY. the air conditioner in our room was weak. It took them two days to figure our they couldn't do anything to fix the motor. On our last night they sent up a small desk fan.8) ONLY ONE staffer, a concierge cum bell hop, seemed at all interested in providing service. When my daughter and I said so after he brought our bags to the airport limo, the driver of the limo wholeheartedly agreed, saying he heard the same sentiments from other guests.9) DEFINITELY NOT A HOTEL OF QUALITY as they claim in a book left on the night table.	
Sep 1 2004	STAY AWAY AT ALL COSTS	I stayed at this hotel about a year ago, and thought it was unique, quaint and well-situated.I stayed again in August '04 and was shocked at the turnaround. Not only did the place seem shabby, but corners were cut everywhere I looked. To give an example, I had one piece of paper left on the writing pad in my room. Despite the fact that I wrote on it and moved it next to the phone, rather than replace it with a new pad, the maid put the scribbled-upon sheet back in the pad's place. There is NO business center in this hotel, and even in case of emergency, the staff has been instructed to not allow any of its guests to use the front desk printers, even if we offer to pay!The final blow came when I reviewed my bill after leaving the hotel. Shame on me signing a bill that I hadn't closely inspected, but they overcharged me to the tune of $80/a night for the second two nights I was there, despite a reservation guarantee. Park Plaza hotels ought to dump this shabby hole in the wall from its lineup.	
Aug 11 2004	our stay here was excellent	We stayed in 3 different hotels in England and this was our best experience and we paid less here than anywhere else. The airconditioning was welcome during our summer stay and the hotel was extremely accomodating in giving us a bigger room when our daughter came for a night.The bar is fun and the bar food was great.	
Jul 19 2004	Nice hotel with incredible deco	We spent 4 nights in mid July 2004. I was a bit nervous after reading many negative posts on tripadvisor.com (read after I made my reservation). Since some wrote there was no ensuite bathroom I called and mailed about this, and was confirmed that the room had bathroom and toilet. The reception area was nice looking, but the staff could be a bit more positive and friendly. The room we got was on the second floor, facing a brick wall. Actually I was happy for this, since I remembered many complaints here on tripadvisor.com about traffic noise from Baker street. The room was very nice looking - with one of the most comfortable beds I ever slept in! Nice also with a lot of pillows in different colours... The bathroom was trendy and very nice looking, with a nice tub/shower. Air-condition did work ok.In the middle of the third night (1am) we were waked up by the fire alarm - an absolutely horribel and shocking experience since we were sleeping. It was very hard to get in touch with the reception - the situation seemed not under control. This ruined the whole night. The next evening the SAME THING happened - but this time as early as 9 pm. About half-and-hour later they interrupted the TV-signals with a message regretting the alarm. Not good enough, even if the fire alarm is for our safety.The hotel is located in Baker Street, with several bus stops right outside. Short walk to the Subway as well, but we used mostly the buses towards Oxford Street etc. For only £ 2,5 per person per day you can travel with all buses. Next to the hotel is also Starbucks, Costa, Coffee Republic and others. We did not eat breakfast at the hotel (£ 12 per person per day) - instead we had beautiful coffee and fresh panninis at Coffee Republic etc.There is a lot of nice restaurants, but not immediate to the hotel. A short walk in almost any direction results in many nice restaurants in different price- and quality ranges.We would for sure recommend the hotel. We paid average price of £ 98 for the room per night - which is affordable for such a nice AC-room with bed, bath etc.PS! The usual &quot;bible&quot; in this room is a complete set of Sherlock Holmes for free use... You can almost feel the presence of Sherlock Holmes... Many of the walls have SH deco.	
Jun 16 2004	Where's the luxury?	We'd booked the Sherlok Holmes because the Victoria Park Plaza was full. It's a charming hotel, ideally located near Oxford Street en the tube. The staff was ok, but not always really attentive. Our room didn't have a bath and was very, very small. Not really four star deluxe worthy... We got a very good deal on the roomrate, but I'd never pay the full  124,00 for this kind of room.	
Jun 8 2004	Very nice hotel!!!!!	We have been here end of May for 3 nights, the location is super, bus stops before the hotel, and is close to Bakerstreet Station. We liked it very much, nice breakfeast, good room and beds, the airco was working, and late at night when al the pubs were closed, we can get a glass of wine in the hotelbar. Next time we go again to Sherlock Holmes Hotel. AvT.	
May 23 2004	Sherlock Holmes	I recently visited the gorgeous city of London for the first time and stayed in the Sherlock Holmes hotel. The prices are outrageous for the types of rooms you're offered. The staff was little help of any kind. The location is superb, just a block or so from the nearest train station. Although our room was non-smoking, it stunk of being heavily smoked in for years. The food was average and again those prices quite high for the quality offered. Get out to London, but there's got to be something better than this.	
Apr 26 2004	Disappointing stay	This is my 2nd visit to this hotel. While the rooms are nicely designed, the beds are reasonably firm, and it's in a great location, the air conditioning in the rooms do not work. This was true in March when I was here and again tonight, April 26. I believed them in March when they told me it was a 'shoulder month' and 'unseasonably hot.' But it's not a shoulder month anymore and they should simply have the AC on a proper cool setting. It is so hot in my room that I cannot sleep. False advertising regarding the AC basically. My advice: if you can come when it's cold outdoors and for less than £100 per night, you'll probably love it here. But if you're planning to be here between March and October and you like a cool room or are paying business rates, probably best to stay elsewhere. The staff was less than helpful - told me to 'fill out the feedback card' and 'open a window,' which lets the street noise in, doesn't cool the room since it's hot outside too and makes me feel unsafe (as a single woman alone in a room only 1 floor up). It's a shame, since it's a nice hotel with loads of potential.	
Apr 13 2004	Loved the Sherlock Holmes Hotel	Stayed at hotel from April 8 - April 11. Found the hotel to be quite lovely. The rooms were clean and well kept. All the hotel staff from the front desk to the bar staff to restaurant and housekeeping were all friendly and courteous. Heating system was a little difficult to figure out and the fogged bathroom doors took a little getting used to but it was not a big deal. I would definitely choose to go back there during my next stay in London.	
Apr 7 2004	I Hope Everyone Enjoyed the Hotel	Well, in November 2003 I booked 2 rooms for 8 nites for End March 2004. I confirmed the Hotel about a week prior to arrival. Got there the morning of check in, only to be informed they had no rooms. I cannot objectively give an opinion on the Hotel as I never did see the inside of the rooms nor the courteousness of any of the staff. Its a shame I guess, because it sounded real nice and, we did a lot of research and, read a lot of reviews before finally picking the Sherlock Holmes.	
Mar 30 2004	Great Little Hotel	Great hotel, booked through hotels and got a great deal, on our stay March 14-22. Room decor was nice and bathroom was great, a previous reviewer said that the half glass partition in tub was a problem but all bathrooms in Europe are pretty much like that in my experience. Room was clean, they only provide duvet cover but if you ask they will give you a sheet. Room was clean except for the last day we were there, they came to clean late (3pm, which was unusual) and we walked in and then left while they finished up, when we returned the bathroom floor was not cleaned and beds were hastily made but other than that the stay was perfect. The atmosphere of the hotel is great, like a little home away from home, front desk staff were always friendly, especially with our requests for extra towels and sheets all the time. We did not have a noise problem but our room was on the inside. It did take us awhile to figure out the heating system, it is a little confusing. The twins, Alex and Sebastian behind the bar were fantastic and went the extra mile for their guests. The conceirge (jack??) don't remember his name was very good in booking our day trip and for restaurant reccomendations. The location as stated in other reviews is ideal. We would stay here again.	
Mar 19 2004	Charming and cozy.	My friend and I stayed at the Sherlock Holmes from Feb. 21-27, 2004. We booked on Expedia for $150/night including tax and continental breakfast. A little worried because of some of the reviews here but we chose it because it was located near Regent's College where my daughter is and we wanted to be close by. We arrived at 8:30 AM in hopes of storing our luggage for the day but our room was available for us. Lovely clean room (non-smoking) with comfortable bed and beautiful bathroom just as on the web site. Those frosted doors are the only drawback. No view because it was in the back of the building but no street noise either.Continental breakfast was incredible with five kinds of cereal, juice, fruit, cold ham, turkey, and salmon, jams, rolls, croissants, yogurt, cheeses, tomatoes and cucumbers and I'm sure I've forgotten some things! And very pleasant wait staff.The hotel is in a convenient, bustling location, only 5 minute walk to Baker St. Tube, 10 minute walk to Oxford St. The neighborhood is full of all types of restaurants and cafes from inexpensive to fine dining.To dispute an earlier review, the front desk staff and concierges were wonderful to us and helpful with suggestions for things to do and places to go. The night before we left, the concierge was not available so we asked the front desk to leave a message for him to book us a cab for early in the morning. Everything was taken care of and when we checked out they even let us go in the dining room before it opened to get a quick bite to eat and they made check out as quick and easy as possible. Loved the area, loved the hotel, loved the staff. Would definitely stay there again.	
Mar 2 2004	Enjoyable Stay with a few Quirks	We stayed at the Sherlock Holmes from February 3rd through the 9th. Our room was on the 2nd floor facing Baker Street. We did not have any noise problems from the street (as someone previously stated) as the room had two windows. The outside glass is a noise reducer, and the inside glass is the regular window. We immediately requested two complimentary bathrobes when we arrived, which was a nice touch. Also, the front desk called up about 2 hours after we arrived to make sure everything was OK and we were comfortable. The room seemed incredibly warm the first 2 days and we actually slept with our window open. Then, suddenly, the temperature went back to normal. WE could n't figure out how to turn our lights on for about 20 minutes until we realized you have to put the room key into a little tray in order to activate power in the room. We ate in the restaurant the first night and thought the food was excellent, both of us being vegetarians. The concierge service was spotty, our first day we asked her to help us map out the tube ride to Buckingham Palace and she seemed totally at a loss as to how to help us, which seems strange that a concierge would not know how to get to a major tourist attraction! She also seemed as though she couldn't understand what we were saying. The other concierge (a blond man) was much more capable, making excellent dinner and theatre recommendations. Otherwise we thought the Sherlock Holmes was in an excellent locale, right down the street from a major tube station, next door to a little market, and across the street from a post office. Another odd thing, they didn't charge our card for the room until almost three weeks after we had arrived home. It was pricey ($280/night) but overall a pleasant stay.	
Jan 29 2004	Waste of Money		
Jan 25 2004	Go for the suite		
Jan 23 2004	Never ever stay here !		
Jan 7 2004	Great little hotel! Would stay again.		
Jan 4 2004	Looks can be deceiving		
Dec 10 2003	A fine hotel with a great location!		
Nov 29 2003	Thoroughly disappointing		
Oct 19 2003	Holmes Would Be Pleased		
Oct 3 2003	Fantastic experience!		
Sep 5 2003	great hotel great location		
Nov 16 2009 	Très bon rapport qualité prix excellent accueil		
Oct 30 2009 	phänomenales Hotel		
Oct 29 2009 	?????????????		
Oct 8 2009 	tres bon rapport qualite prix		
Mar 19 2009 	Très bon hotel		
Nov 5 2008 	Tres correct		
Aug 20 2008 	notre deuxième chez nous!		
Jun 7 2008 	Un bon hôtel à Londres		
May 23 2008 	molto comodo e vivo		
May 4 2008	Triste !! Tellement Triste et loin !		
Apr 17 2008	tres bon hotel et super accueil		
Feb 2 2008 	très bon otel		
Jan 7 2008 	Excellent choix		
Oct 30 2007 	hotel bello in un'ottima posizione		
Aug 18 2007	Un hôtel bien sous tout rapport		
Apr 30 2007	carino ma non eccezionale		
Mar 21 2007	l'hotel sherlock holmes		
