Nov 14 2009 	Comfortable accommodation in underserved part of London	The invasion of London by a travel trade convention meant that most of my usual choices were either booked up or had hiked their rates above what I was wiling to pay. As a result, I ended up at the Sanctuary House in Westminster, a part of London that does not have that many hotels, and certainly not in an affordable bracket. Initially, the hotel is not particularly prepossessing, being situated over a pub just round the corner from St James' Park tube station. However, the upstairs lobby is welcoming and the staff friendly. My room was clean and well-appointed, with the bonus of a four-poster bed and a corner position. Wireless internet was free and fast. The main downside was the difficulty in getting adequate heating, even after discussions with the front desk. I am not sure I would want to stay in really cold weather. However, sound insulation was very good with no traffic noise or internal disturbance. Continental breakfast was included in my room rate and served in the pub - which was better than it sounds. There was a good selection from the buffet and no smells of stale beer. One other disadvantage that should be mentioned is that this part of London is not brilliant for small restaurants, even of the better chain variety. There is a cluster around Victoria station but this is about 15 minutes walk.	
Nov 3 2009 	just what we were expecting	This hotel is a very good choice if you plan to spend a few days discovering London! It is very close to St Jame's Park underground station and offers what you need : clean room, nice, professional and helpfull staff. we stayed there one night and spent a quiet night in a good bed. As we had read some reviews complaining about the restaurant we didn't try it and had our breakfast in a starbucks 3 minutes away from there.We would definitely come back if we have to stay in London again.	
Oct 31 2009 	Good Location with English Flare	We stayed at Sanctuary House in the middle of October, 2009. First off, the hotel is in an excellent location to explore the more familiar attractions on London. St. James Park tube station is one block away, allowing quick access to the whole system. Also double-deckers run along Victoria St (one block to the south) up Whitehall to Trafalgar Square and Charing Cross Road.Westminster Abbey is just two blocks east, with Parliament and Big Ben just beyond that. Buckingham Palace is also within walking distance. We were quite impressed with the location.The hotel itself has charm while at the same time being hit and miss in some categories. The building is several decades old, but kept very clean. The lift is smallish, as is found in older European buildings, but accesses every floor. Most rooms have a very good view of the street, except the ones along the east wall, which give great views flush up against an office building. The ground floor is a Fullers pub (who also own the hotel above). Those, like me, who really appreciate a good British pub, will appreciate having one on the ground floor. You can even take pints up to your room! (North Americans take note: While there are waitresses in the pub, you are expected to place all your orders at the bar and pay for them up front. The waitresses are only there to bring the food to your table. If you try to hail one to take your order, you will get nothing more than a dirty look. This is normal procedure in British pubs). This is where the Continental breakfast is served from, with an option to order a hot breakfast from the kitchen at added cost. The food is adequate, but not spectacular - which is what I find in most restaurants in England. They just seem to have a taste for blander food than what we expect in Canada. (The second week of our trip - in Paris - just blew England away in terms of food quality and preparation). You will certainly find a good selection of restaurants up around Charing Cross Rd., with Chinatown and the theatres in that vicinity.The rooms themselves are where there needs to be a bit of improvement. With the exception of the razor plug in the WC, there is only one power outlet in the room. In our room, it was by the desk. Everything else in the room is hard wired into the walls, so you can't even unplug a lamp to plug something in. This is unacceptable in this day in age with the many electrical devices that people travel with. The hotel's solution was to offer us an extension cord on a roller so that we could have something on our bedside table plugged in. Very weird in our opinion. Also, there was no alarm clock in the room. The TV's were entirely out of date. While most hotels now offer flat screens with dozens of channels, we got TV service out of the 1980's, with about 8 channels on an old style television. The TV remote was totally worn out, with half the buttons not working. Progress needs to be made by the hotel with these items. There is free WiFi in the rooms. While we were happy with the area we chose to stay in, we will probably chose another hotel in the future. There are many, many to chose from in London.	
Oct 16 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location!	We stayed at the Sanctuary House Hotel for 3 nights in August. We had an overnight flight and arrived at the hotel around 8am. We went to our hotel and were just hoping to store our luggage for a few hours, but luckily, we were able to check in really early! The rooms were very nice - clean, comfortable, good shower. Sanctuary House is in a GREAT location too! Westminster Abbey is only about 3 blocks from the hotel, Big Ben and Parliament about 4-5 blocks, and there are a couple of nearby Tube stops too. We walked everywhere!Overall, we had a GREAT experience at Sanctuary House Hotel and I would definitely go back and stay and recommend it to other travelers.	
Oct 11 2009 	Great staff great location great stay	Front desk staff - particulary Sean - should give lessons in hospitality; truly exceptional. Helpful above and beyond the call, cheery without being patronizing, the staff here actually improves your day with their happy attitude. Hotel is very close to Westminster Abbey and St James tube. Easy walking distance to Trafalgar Sq, Buckingham and Piccadilly. Lovely clean, well decorated rooms and hotel. This is not a &quot;big lobby&quot; hotel if you that's what you need. But there is a good (not great) restaurant / bar on the first floor.	
Oct 8 2009 	Absolutely fabulous gem of a hotel.	This small quality hotel offers good food, friendly helpful staff and good quality clean rooms.Will be staying there as our first choice London hotel again.	
Sep 27 2009 	LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION	This is a great little Hotel. We were there for 9 days of non stop sight seeing and it filledour needs perfectly. We requested some minor adjustments and they complied, cheerfully and quickly. They were very willing to accomodate us to make our stay comfortable. Great value for the money. My main requirement was that it be clean and that was fullfilled. The food in the Pub was excellent, including breakfast.. They also havefree WIFI in the entire Hotel.	
Sep 19 2009 	Truly a "sanctuary"	Met and beat my expectations! We were two 60+women from the US traveling for our first time to London for 12-day stay and of course, wanted to see it all! We did and most of it was within walking distance from this comfortable hotel. It was a quite refuge after our days of sight seeing with the welcomed pint just downstairs. We stayed in a 5th floor room. There is a modern elevator and very good air conditioning. The room seemed newly redocorated with a warm and cozy feel. There are rooms right ouside the elevator so you might show a preference for or against this amenity when you book. he bathroom was a good size and completely modern. All of the staff were especially helpful and gracious. I especially want to acknowledge Sean and Marzena my new friends. Sean, we would not have had such an enjoyable trip without you! Marzena, what a friendly and enjoyable person. Made our breakfast time (and pint time) fun. So glad to have met both of you. Location, Location, Location---You can see Westminster Abby from the hotel 3 blocks away. Beyond that, not even 5 minutes, is Parliament, Big Ben and the Thames. In the other direction within a 10-15 walk is Buckingham Palace, Victoria Station and theater, New Scotland Yard, eating, shopping, more pubs. The St James tub station is 2 blocks away and will take you any place else you want to go. There is wired internet access which you must pay for. Check, they may have gone wireless soon I would surmise. But, I had trouble with my computer and Sean was so helpful, letting me use the desk's computer for quick searches and reservations. He also personally helped with information.The point is, we felt safe, welcomed and at home away from home. I would (and will) stay at The Sanctuary House again and highly recommend it to any one.	
Sep 17 2009 	Great location in London for the price	We used this as our base for 4 days in London for our 5 year anniversary. The room was nicely sized and also had AC which was surprising. The staff was adequate but not really friendly. The hotel was quiet but we were only there at night and out sight seeing the majority of the daylight hours.The location was great with tube access at St James was very close and easy walking distance from Westminster Abbey, Parliament, St. James Park, and Buckingham Palace. There was a placed called Cafe Fresca that was close that served good breakfast pastries and sandwiches. This is where I discovered brown sauce.Good place to stay and the location was pleasant.	
Sep 16 2009 	Unbeatable Location	Stayed in Sanctuary House in March of 2007 and had a great visit. The location near the tube stop, Westminster Abbey, and Houses of Parliament is phenomenal. Our room was a tad on the small side but comfortable and clean. Pub downstairs is fun and serves a good pint as well as breakfast.	
Sep 1 2009 	The location and staff are wonderful.	I have stayed at this hotel for two summer vacations in a row and absolutely love it. The location is incredible and within a short, lovely walk of so many great sights. The neighborhood is quiet, clean, friendly and very safe. The staff (especially Sean) is kind, friendly, helpful and very attentive to a traveler's needs. We also found the food from the pub a pleasant surprise - hot and tasty. Taxis are easily found if you need to venture further and the St. James' tube station is a few steps away. Great value for the money, all things considered, and the beds were so comfortable.	
Aug 25 2009 	brilliant hotel clean great location and friendly staff	Hotel was in good location for travelling with a friend, very central to most attractions. Clean room with good facilities and plenty of space, reasonable price for being 10min walk from Waterloo. Great clean pub below with good range of beers / ales and the bonus was that no late night noises could be heard upstairs. Would recommend this to anyone and will use again. If travelling with a friend looking for a twin room request room 505...you wont be disappointed as this is a large room.	
Aug 18 2009 	One of the best deals in London	We searched for a reasonably priced hotel for a short three night stay, but wanted to be close to the tube, the &quot;Eye&quot;, and Westminster Abby. The Sanctuary House couldn't have been better located for us. It's also a very safe part of the city. The hotel rooms sit above a small pub that serves good &quot;pub food&quot; as well as breakfast. The rooms were clean with plenty of room. It's not a plush 5-star hotel with a huge lobby, but it's all we needed. I'd certainly have no problem recommending it to my friends.	
Aug 8 2009 	Quite nice hotel in good location	My wife and I spent 3 nights here and heartily recommend it. The location is great and the rooms, though small, were more than adequate. Good bathroom, air conditioning, pleasant staff and a fine pub downstairs. It is 1 block from Westminster Abbey and Parliament, and near the southern edge of St. James Park. Public transportation relatively close and a few other restaurants in the area. Normal city sounds at night but nothing overly disruptive to sleep. The city comes alive early, though, so don't count on sleeping in too late. Then that's not why came to London, is it?	
Jul 9 2009 	Awesome location and very friendly staff!	We stayed two nights at this hotel. The location is great...a block from Westminster Abbey and a short walk to Buckingham Palace and all other Westminster area sites. Our room was very quiet, even though it was literally right next to the elevator. We had a few glitches...no toilet paper when we arrived, the ethernet cord wouldn't work, and our phone would not get an outside line, but the staff bent over backwards to correct these items, personally bringing up a new ethernet cord and moving the furniture to connect it to the outlet in the wall. The room was comfortable, and though I'm not sure the air conditioner was functioning properly (it said it was 18 degrees celcius, and it was definitely not that cool), it was still quite comfortable. We had dinner in the pub downstairs twice, and we loved it! We would definitely stay here again!	
Jul 7 2009 	Great but NO wifi!!!	Our 4 night stay at The Sanctuary Hotel with my husband was simply magnificent. This is not a luxury hotel, and the elevator and corridor are quite narrow, however our room and bathroom was quite comfortable and clean, their staff is extremely helpful and the hotel location is just a few steps away from the House of Parlaments and the Big Ben. My only dissapointment was that there was no wi fi in this hotel which made it hard for my business trip. I would definetely come back if I could!!	
Jun 14 2009 	Pleasant small hotel service polite but not sympathetic	This was my second stay at Sanctuary House. On both occasions the room (standard double) was reasonably sized, comfortable and clean, with kettle, TV and bathroom in good working order. No view to speak of (tall building across a narrow street), but then this is central London. The hotel looks well maintained and has a professional but comfortable feeling. The floors certainly are creaky, though I didn't have any problems with noise at night. The continental breakfast is basic but fine - I didn't try the cooked breakfasts.Unfortunately this occasion was marred by a couple of problems. I booked a superior double room through laterooms but the hotel reserved me a standard double. When I pointed this out they were unapologetic, didn't offer me an upgrade, and tried to fob me off with a 10 pound per night discount when their quoted price difference is 30. They were eventually persuaded to reduce the rate in proportion. Secondly, after spilling yogurt on my partner at breakfast (which of course can happen anywhere), the waitress shuffled off swearing to herself and didn't return even to ask if she was OK.I'd recommend this hotel for business travellers or for those on a short break wanting comfortable, functional accommodation, but not for a romantic getaway.	
Jun 9 2009 	Can't beat the location or service	Was just reading these other reviews and these people are crazy. I have never had such a nice experience as I had at this hotel - and I travel quite often on business. The staff at the hotel very cheerfully gave me directions, printed me maps to places, called amex and blackberry for me when I was having technical difficulties - all without being asked - they offered!!! They even came downstairs to the pub to tell me my room was ready - then came back with the paperwork for me to sign and my key so when I was done all I had to do was go right to my room. Location CANNOT be beat - just about everything is walkable from there. Yes the food at the restaurant was so-so - but the room was clean, good size for London - decor a little tired but fresh paint and new linens and fixtures. Creaky floors I understand - but I am a VERY light sleeper and was not disturbed at all. And the room being stuffy? Well mine was too until I actually figured out how to turn on the AC - which was a challenge - but I'm sure if I'd asked for help they would have. Anyway - I would stay here again in a heartbeat.	
Jun 3 2009 	Recommending to my colleagues	Have stayed three times at the Sanctuary House this year - I found it clean, comfortable and quiet (apart from a slightly creaky floor above). My continental breakfasts were fine, but my only experience of an evening meal in the pub was very disappointing and won't be repeated. There are plenty of places to eat within five minutes walk. From time to time I work in Tothill Street and the Sanctuary House is therefore very conveniently located. I found the staff courteous and helpful, and they serve a good pint of real ale.	
May 25 2009 	Good Value for your Money	I must admit that my expectations were high after reading the other reviews. I believe this hotel is good value for your money and has its pros and cons.Pros: Location, location, location...Rooms are clean and has all one needsClassic London architectureFriendly Staff Cons:Old building so really noisy...just hope you will not have someone noisy next to your roomNo breakfast includedRooms are neat but a bit oldRoom Wireless access and elevators frequently out of serviceTo sum up, I recommend this hotel since it is fairly cheap compare to other hotels in the area and well located in the heart of London! but have in mind that it is not a 4 star.	
May 22 2009 	Worst break I and my husband have ever had in London!!	During the last few months we have stayed in London 3 times. Sanctuary House Hotel was the most expensive of the 3 - it was supposed to be a special occasion. This has got to be the worst hotel I have ever, ever stayed in. The only saving grace was the deputy manageress who was extremely professional. Definitely wasted at this hotel - my advice to her would be to get out whilst she can! Breakfast was terrible, our room wasn't even cleaned on our second day, receptionist was rude (that's being kind). I have never complained about a hotel before but this was an exception. However, not even the courtesy of a reply until I contacted Fullers, but still nothing from the hotel. Says a lot.	
May 16 2009 	Great Stay Great locations remember London is not for kids	My husband and I took our 18 month old daughter and my mother to London for a 10 day holiday in August of 2007. First let me say that as an American naturally things are quite different in England, although I studied at U of London for school. London is a second home to me and I have a distinct affection for it. That being said, when choosing the Sanctuary House we did so based on Tripadvisor reviews and its location (Westminster)and the fact that it does have a lift (elevator) for transporting my daughters things. I lived in Bloomsbury when in school at another establishment that was undergoing renovation, so we picked Sanctuary House. First off the staff at SH is friendly and willing to assist you in your needs, that being said...remember Londoners frown upon young children in most food and hotel establishments. They do not provide high-chairs or boosters, no children's menus, etc.Most hotels do not offer cribs. They do not take highly to children crying AT ALL , if even for a minute. Ok...so remember that: So our room was beautiful...great..loved it..much larger than a typical English hotel room. The bathroom was kept clean and the sheets and towels were changed daily. The location is key for SH. You are literally a stones throw from Westminster, Parliament, the Cabinet War Rooms ...and St. James Park (which my daughter loved!) is a short walk away. The tube is very convenient as well. The pub downstairs offers a great English Breakfast for guest and then turns into a typical pub for lunch and dinner. There is a Pret right down the street and several small kiosk for soft drinks and snacks. Overall the noise was minimal, even with construction right next door. We did have a small problem with the air unit but it was fixed immediately by the staff. This was my mother's first trip to England and she loved it. Overall, I would highly recommend this hotel.	
May 15 2009 	Great location okay rooms but poor service	A bag of my clothes, including an expensive top, was accidentally thrown in the bin by a cleaner while I was there. The hotel has made a half-hearted , disorganised attempt to sort this out, and a month letter I'm without neither clothes nor reasonable compensation. Great location and rooms were clean and mostly comfortable, if rather more 'hotel chain' than I expected. Rooms were, however, very hot, and there was no thermostat to adjust the heat; not ideal sleeping with the windows wide open in central London.	
Apr 12 2009 	Would go back in a heartbeat!	I stayed six nights at the Sanctuary House Hotel with my ten-year-old son, and it was perfect. It is very well-located, as others have noted, right down the block from the St. James Park tube station in one direction and Westminster Abbey in the other. Victoria Station is also nearby, about a ten-minute walk. The bedroom and bath were perfectly clean, and the bath amenities and tea/coffee service were refreshed regularly. We had a room at the back right next to the elevator, and I don't think we ever heard another guest during our entire stay--nor did we hear any noise at all from the elevator. Staff were very pleasant, too. I hope to visit London many more times and stay at this lovely little hotel. It was just right.	
Mar 26 2009	a lovely stay	I booked a room for two nights at the Sanctuary House due to recommendations on tripadvisor. The hotel is two minutes from the tube station and walking distance to Westminster, the London Eye and Buckingham Palace etc..The room was lovely, and all the staff were extremely pleasant. I would stay there again definitely.	
Mar 24 2009 	Awesome Stay!! Clean gorgeous rooms quiet amazing location!	My husband and I stayed here for 2 nights in January. It was WAY beyond our expectations. We got an awesome deal through kayak.com and spent around 100 night. The inn was gorgeous! Literally one block to Westminster Abby and another block to the Tower of London. 10 minutes to a tube station too. I would stay here again in a heartbeat! Just a word to budget travellers, unless it's stated in your booking, the breakfast downstairs is not included. We thought it was and it turned out to be about 20 bucks for a mediocre breakfast. The bathrooms are also very spacious with great showers. The area is also the safest we toured in London. It was very quiet, yet close to the action. After visiting the West End, we could not have imagined how loud those hotels must have been. Stay near Westminster.	
Mar 19 2009 	A little gem in the heart of the city	I stayed for one night and was delighted to have found such a gem right in the heart of the city. The staff at reception could not do enough for me, they were so helpful and nothing was too much trouble. The room although small was clean and comfortable. I opted for the full English breakfast which was very nicely cooked and there was lots of it too, I did not eat again until 5pm! For the price I paid, I could not have expected any more.	
Mar 17 2009 	Great Location - Good value for money	It is in a great location for business or leisure. There are four tube stations within walking distance. The staff, especially the reception staff, was very nice andvery accommodating. Only negative comment I have is don't order the cooked breakfast!!! Not worth the money and not well cooked! The continental breakfast is extensive, however, if you absolutely need a cooked breakfast, go eat somewhere else. Dinner was OK, I'd eat there for dinner again.	
Mar 15 2009 	Great Location for sightseers	We only stayed 1 night but the service was great. All staff friendly &amp; efficient. Rooms were bright , nicely decorated AC appreciated as it was quite warm during our stay. Breakfast was very good, cereals, boiled eegs, rolls, pastries, cheeses, cold meats, fresh fruit, &amp; more. Location is spot on. Westminster Abbey literally at bottom of the road. Underground station round the corner. Even though there is a pub underneath the hotel there is no noise from it. The pub has a really nice atmosphere (this is were breakfast is served). Would definately stay here again. Only less than positve comment, floors are very creaky but that didn't bother us. It is what you might expect from an old building.	
Mar 12 2009 	Excellent location good room	This hotel is above a wonderful old pub which had great meals. Accomodation was good, although our room had previously had a smoker, so the smell was uncomfortable. We like to sleep with the windows open. A little noisy with traffic. Also, we were next to the lift which made some noise. Location is fabulous... just a few metres for Westminster Abbey.. If we leaned out the window we could see it.Staff were helpful, although their english was not the best which at times became confusing. (I think they were on a working holiday).	
Mar 6 2009 	A Great Choice And A Perfect Location	This hotel was really amazing for the price. It was in the best location we could have asked for. When we first were booking our trip to London we were overwhelmed with the different areas London had to offer and everyone seemed to have a different opinion on where to stay. I kept saying I wanted to be close to the main attractions and after research I found this hotel. We were walking distance to the Westminister Abby, The Parliment and Big Ben, The London Eye, and Buckingham Palace. It is also only 2 blocks from the metro station which was really convenient to get to all the other attractions which seemed pretty spread out over the city. But to me this was the best area to stay in. Right below the hotel is a great English Pub and it gets very crowded with Locals which was nice. The hotel itself was very charming and the rooms were very spacious and really really nice. The bed was very comfortable and there were 2 big windows which were really nice to look out at. I would definitely love to stay here again my next trip to London.	
Feb 12 2009 	Not a sanctuary!!!!	Awful experience....don't go there!The locaton is excellent but our stay was not comfortable. Very unwelcoming reception.........first room we were given was facing into a wal of glass fronted offices so no daylight. We felt we could not open the curtains as we were faced with offices staring back at us The room was also very small and the bathrooms cramped .The bed was hard and uncomfortable. We asked to be moved and altough the room was still very small the bed was comfy. Bathroom still cramped. Heating did not work in this room and when someone came to fix it he went away and never cameback so room stayed cold. We had one breakfast.... it conssted of a cup of hot chocolate (why not bring a pot?) which the waitress spilt the first time and hd to redo. Orange juice that was not really juice but some awful virulent sugared concoction one croissant, one small bread roll and marmalade. On checking out we queried the bill and went away to check our booking....by the time we came back our credit card had been charged without consent and girl on reception was aggressive even though we had checked costs on arrival. No good wishes exprssed for our stay. Don't go there!!!!!!!!!!!	
Feb 4 2009 	Perfect Downtown London Spot	Initially saw the Sanctuary House on Laterooms.co.uk and after reading the reviews on Tripadvisor, booked a long weekend stay.With easy access to the Tube (St James' Park is closest) and quick walks to many sights, the location can't be beat for folks new to London or those who know the city well. The Fuller's pub downstairs had great food and a nice beer selection and was an easy choice to start &amp; end the day with a bite. The room was small, but comfortable, clean and quiet. The Front Desk staff were very accommodating when we arrived fairly early and our room was not yet available. The Santuary's price and location make it a great choice for a London visit of any length....and I'd definitely stay there again.	
Jan 8 2009 	Great hotel for the price	We selected this hotel largely based off its proximity to attractions and the positive reviews here on Trip Advisor. Overall, we were really happy with the hotel. The hotel itself is very nice. The staff varied a bit as one gal seemed polite but very chilly towards us and another that just bent over backwards to help us in any way she could. The hotel had probably one of the more comfortable mattresses I have stayed on in a long time (I like a very firm mattress). The continental breakfast was more than just a plate of day old pastries too, with fresh fruit, yogurt, cereal, and muffins. Having the Fuller Ale &amp; Pie pub on the ground floor also made food convenient since it was terribly cold while we were there and didn't always feel like hiking out to find something to eat.In terms of closeness to attractions, you cannot go wrong. The hotel is across the street from Westminster Abbey. Within immediate walking distance you can see the church, parliament/Big Ben, the London Eye, boat tours, Trafalgar Square, 10 Downing Street, Buckingham Palace, and all points in between. Also, within 50 yards of the hotel is the St. James Park tube stop or you can walk around the corner and get the Westminster stop. We found the hotel to be a great base of operations for our sightseeing needs.Of course, nothing is perfect so here's some of the negative. Due to its closeness to all these attractions the street in front of the hotel is set up for travel buses to park, so you may get woken up early to the sound of motor coaches pulling up and releasing their passengers into the city. Also, more than a few days we walked out of the hotel directly into a huge pack of tourists and had to fight our way out of the mob. The other negative we had was the fire alarm. The fire alarm went of EVERY DAY we were there. Once late at night right after we crashed out from our flight. The rest of the time it seemed to happen in the morning. No explanation was ever given for what was going on there. We eventually were joking that it was the hotels idea of a wake up call.One side note, be sure your room has the continental breakfast included. Apparently some of their room rates don't come with the breakfast. This wasn't an issue for us, but I did see a few folks surprised by the fact that they couldn't get in on the free breakfast.Overall though you really cant much better than this for the money and the proximity to tourist attractions. We would recommend this hotel to other travelers (and I guess we just did).	
Dec 7 2008	Great Location Great Value Great Hotel !	Having booked this hotel on the strength of the Tripadvisor feedback, I feel it is only right to return the complimentWe needed a hotel in Central London within walking distance of all the sights and main attractions. Looking at comparison sites it appeared the general rule of thumb was about £200 per night. This hotel was approximately half that !The location is exceptional. It is a few seconds walk from Westminster Abbey, Houses of Parliament, Big Ben etcIt is also a few seconds walk from St James' Park tube station.The hotel is superbly decorated, the staff are extremely friendly and very helpful. The attached pub (which is classy and low key) on the first floor supplies great food and a very hearty breakfast.As a Londoner who has moved away, this was an absolutely perfect base to explore my old city. I forgot how wonderful it is at Christmas time, especially the cosy Central London pubs!Highly Recommended	
Nov 11 2008 	Great room - even better room service!	I went to London at the beginning of November for work purposes and needed a hotel as close to the venue as possible - which is the sole reason I chose The Sanctuary. I was a bit hesitant, despite the great reviews, as the hotel seemed to be above a pub and I wondered what sort of facilities the hotel would have. However, I need not have worried!The hotel IS over a pub, but it is a very smart pub. My room was booked as a single, but I had a double bed and was really very happy with my room. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom a decent size. The only problem I had with my room was the television. On the first night I could only get Sky Sports and Sky Learning channels - when I rang the receoptionist she didn't quite understand as I think there was a bit of a language barrier. Staying in the hotel for the night alone, I was thankful I had taken a book! The next night, I managed to get ITV and so at least had one channel of interest - being a girl I wasn't too keen on watching sport :)At night there was quite a bit of noise from the street outside my room - mainly traffic. I'm not sure if this relates to the rest of the hotel or just the rooms in my particular area of the hotel.As I said, I was travelling alone and didn't want to walk the streets of London in the dark alone, so I was really pleased when the hotel said they did room service - I wasn't sure if a pub hotel would! The menu was (I think) pretty much the menu from the pub, and the food was AMAZING. I'm vegetarian and managed to have two great evening meals (not on the same night of course!!) and so for non veggies there's an even better choice..Breakfast was down in the pub, and was great. Plenty of selection - fresh fruit, juices, toast, cereals etc - typical continental breakfast.Staff were very helpful and friendly &amp; the location was perfect. Great for business and exploring the city. I would definitely recommend it :D	
Oct 27 2008 	Great Hotel for Exploring London	We spent six nights at the Sanctuary Hotel while visiting London in October 2008. The hotel's location could not be any better for exploring London and the surrounding areas. Westminster Abbey is one block from the hotel and St. James's Park tube station is one block in the other direction. Buckingham Palace, Parliament, Big Ben and Tralfagar Square are also within walking distance. We arrived at the hotel early (9:00) on a Saturday morning after an overnight flight from the US. Because the hotel was full, we could not check into our room until 2:00. Fortunately, however, the hotel staff allowed us to leave our luggage in the lobby while we explored the surrounding areas. Upon check-in, we found our room (Room 405) to be very clean and comfortable. The hotel fails in comparison to a Ritz Carlton or Four Seasons, however it is perfect if you are seeking a safe, clean and comfortable hotel centrally located with very reasonable rates. Because we were in London to explore the city and surrounding areas, we could not have been happier with the Sanctuary House. The pub on the first floor serves a variety of meals and was perfect for several meals during the week. There is also a &quot;Pret&quot; just a few feet from the hotel which was great when we wanted a light lunch or early dinner. We also found that the St. James's Park tube station had several &quot;convenienet stores&quot; which allowed us to purchase snack food to have in the room. Staff was friendly and helpful at all times. I would certainly consider staying at the Sanctuary House again the next time we are in London.	
Oct 20 2008	Absolutely fantastic!	Me and my husband stayed at the Sanctuary for 3 nights in the beginning of October and found it as a great hotel with fantastic location! The sfaff is most helpful - greetings to Iga for a perfect room and nice Polish chats and Jeremy (I think...)who did his best to find us something to eat on Sunday morning when we wanted an earlier breakfast :) (Unfortunately the kitchen staff failed a bit with that). But we cannot complain about the food, nor the staff overall - we had an English breakfast booked which was terrific. The location is perfect - only 15 minutes walk from Victoria station and 5 min. from Buckingham Palace.If we ever go back to London, we will definitely choose the Sanctuary!	
Oct 14 2008 	great hotel.	Spent two nights, at this hotel and was totally pleased. the hotel is in a fantastic location 2 mins to big ben 10 mins through st james park to buck house.We walked to covent garden took 20 mins, but tube station 20 sec walk from hotel if you want to save your legs.The room on the 2nd floor was great overlooking main road at front, but hardly heard a traffic noise through night, only heard when window open.Beds comfy and clean, bathroom spotless.We had tv,( and no there wasnt many channels, but lets face it who goes on a weekend to london to watch tv! very strange) hairdryer and tea making facilities in room also.The staff at hotel were very nice, and welcoming, as were the staff in pub downstairs.Had breakfast and a evening meal in pub both excellent.On checkout we left bags in reception which was fine, the area is small and the desk is always manned so no worries about bags being taken.Overall had a great weekend.Can i reccomend to any readers the Medeival banquet at St katherines dock, near to The Tower of London went one of our nights there and had a fantastic time, great entertainment well worth the money. Give it a look at www.medievalbanquet.com.	
Sep 27 2008	Wonderful hotel	My mom and I stayed 3 nights at the Sanctuary House this July. We chose this hotel for it's price and excellent location near Westminster Abbey. Since we arrived on an early flight, we arrived at the hotel early. We only waited a few minutes to be shown to our room, which was clean and tidy. Our luggage did not arrive until the night before we were leaving London and the receptionists were very, very nice and helpful. One even lent me her coat for the evening so that I wouldn't be cold. It was also convenient that there was a pub right downstairs for a quick bite or an evening drink. We enjoyed our stay and would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Sep 24 2008 	Nearly but not quite	We chose this hotel for its location and other comments, when we arrived it was very easy to find above the Fullers Ale pub, up some stairs to the first floor reception, the young girl was very helpful and tried to get us into our room early, but it still need cleaning.We asked to leave our bags in a safe place she said she would put them in the store room, this did not happen and our bag was left in the reception area for anyone to remove.Once in the room it was not the most spacious, but adequate, it was clean and presented well, room service was ordered which appeared promptly, and it is typical pub food which was OK.The bathroom was clean and when the TV was on the sound was fed through to the bathroom, novel idea.The fan did stay on in the bathroom all night which was a bit annoying, and the air conditioning did not work, it kept saying check filter, I was surprised that this was not done by housekeeping before allowing the room to be used by guests.The bed was not the best and requires a change of mattress so you do not role into each other in the night.Also secondary double glazing would be good to reduce the noise from the road which went on all night, I know this was the fault of the hotel, but in these days and times they should be taking these things into account for the guests, we were on the 5 floor so the noise would be worse lower down.For some reason the TV was on a little stand and could not be viewed when lying on the bed, this made watching an inconvenience, also there were limited channels.We did mention these problems to the reception and they said they would have moved us this is all well and good but at 1:00 in the morning this was not convenient, all hotels should check rooms before being occupied, for any problems not just clean them.All said and done if we got a room at the back and had working air con I would stay here again.	
Aug 22 2008 	Excellent Location	My family of six, including adult children and two year old grandchild, recently spent four nights at The Sanctuary House. We chose this hotel based on reviews on TripAdvisor. We weren't disappointed. This small hotel was just what we were looking for as this was our first visit to London. One block from Westminster Abby and St. James's Park tube station as well as a short walk to Parliament, the Thames, and Buckingham Palace made this the perfect location. The pub on the first floor was a great place for an evening meal and a glass of ale after a day of sightseeing.The hotel was clean and the staff was helpful. We had two rooms on the fifth floor. Room 505, with fold-out bed, was quite comfortable for three adults. The bottled water left daily was appreciated and the mini fridge was certainly put to use. The only negative was the cleaning staff failed to replinish the toilet paper and tissues the day before we left. The evening receptionist had to retrieve a roll from the pub.We highly recommend this hotel.	
Aug 20 2008 	Great location!!!	This hotel was great!! Within walking distance to the London Eye, Westminister, Buckingham Palace. One block or two from the tube (the subway station). It comes out about 3 euros to get on and 3 euros to get off. It is a very safe area. Me and my fiancee went around late at night (about 2 or 3 in the morning) by ourselves and were not scared. This is a more of a business area so there are not that many people at night. There is a bar and restaurant at the bottom of the hotel. There is also a pub and the end of the next block that is good. Overall this is a great hotel for the price.	
Aug 12 2008 	Excellent Hotel Brilliant location	Westminster Abbey at the end of the road. Big Ben, Hosues of Parliment less than 5 mins walk. Bucknigham Palace a short walk away. This hotel is great value for money. The receptionist was very helpful, room were clean and well equipped. The only fault was the TV channels and reception but you don't go to London to watch the TV do you. We would definitly stay here again and reccomend it to others.	
Aug 11 2008 	Good for couples but not families	My husband, myself, and teen daughter stayed here for 3 nights in July. We booked a room for 3 people with a double bed and a fold out sofa. When we arrived, on a rather warm London day, the A/C was not working and the windows were nailed shut. We were moved to a different room and the staff was quite helpful in accomodating us. The windows in this room opened, and we were provided with a fan. The hotel is really set up for 2 people to a room. I would not recommend this for a family stay, unless booking multiple rooms. When we folded out the sofabed late on our 1st evening, we found there was no bedding on it. Again, the staff was accomodating., but we were starting to feel like pests. The location of this place is wonderful and I would stay again, but with only 2 to a room.	
Aug 5 2008 	Excellent	We stayed at the Santuary House for three nights. This small Hotel is ideally located for those who are visiting London for the first time as it is situated within walking distance of many of the prime tourist attractions - Westminster Abbey (1 minute walk) Houses of Parliament (2/3 minutes) The London Eye/Southbank (8-10 minutes) Buckingham Palace, St James Park, The National Gallery, Trafalgar Square etc are all just a stroll away. The Hotel is extremely good value for money compared to some of the other hotels in the area. The twin room we stayed in was adaquately sized and very clean, the beds were comfortable. The staff were friendly and helpful.	
Jul 21 2008 	Excellent experience	My husband and I stayed at this lovely hotel for 2 nights to celebrated our 1st aniversary, we arrived around 12.30pm, as we got there before checking time we did not expect to get to our room, however the receptionist checked us in straight away, she was very friendly and polite.When we got to our room we found a bottle of wine and a card wishing us to have a lovely time, this really meant a lot to us as we did not expect it a all, I called the receptionist to thank her for this lovely gesture and then I found out that they knew it was our wedding aniversary because when making the booking by e-mail I stated that we were coming to London to celebrate a wedding aniversary.We had breakfast both mornings, breakfast was good with lovely choice of frest fruits.Staff very friendly and helpfulWe would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 19 2008 	Great location	The location is great. It's a quick walk to Westminster Abbey, Buckingham Palace, and the London Eye. There is a tube station just a block or so away to help you get to all other locations. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful. The room was decent in size and the bathroom was quite large. The rooms were clean, but the beds were not particularly comfortable.There were only a few downsides. The TV only had about three channels and a few sports channels. Not much choice for watching in the mornings and evenings. Also, the internet is available by buying codes for either 1 hour or 24 hours of internet. Towards the end of my trip, they had run out of codes for 24 hour codes, but I needed more than an hour of internet. Buying two hours was very nearly the cost of 24 hours. A minor drawback, but still a bit annoying. I would stay here again.	
Jul 4 2008 	brill location very comfortable!	stayed here for 3 nights in feb. prices in london are so expensive so we were suprised what we got on a budget.. this hotel is in the financial district but its easy to get anywhere from here.. tube station is a 2min walk down the street and big ben is a five min walk in the other direction! All the main sights are all within walking distance, really couldnt ask for a better location. The room was really comfortable also. The guy in reception was very helpful, he went out of his way to show us how to get to where we wanted to go and give us some advice about where to go on a night out. The only downside to the hotel was the food in the bar.. it was awful!! but i would definatly stay here again..	
Jul 3 2008 	Charming hotel in Westminster	A great find – charming and very well-kept, this gem in Westminster is perfect for your stay in Londontown. My bedroom was not to largest, but it was more than ample enough. The staff was VERY helpful and went above and beyond a few times. The food in the pub is good and the breakfast is decent. Not the Ritz but far from a fleabag too. The area is a big dead on the weekends – even though it’s only a long block from Westminster Abbey, it’s still a little off the beat of path of the crowds. But overall, it’s close to most everything.	
Jun 8 2008 	Great Location Great Staff!	This hotel has a staff and location that cannot be beat. This is not to say however this hotel does not have some serious problems. I will start with the good.THE GOOD The good is extensive and makes this hotel worth the money. I paid 200 USA a night and it was well worth it. The hotel is easy walking distance to Buckingham, St James Park, Westminister and 10 minutes walk from the thames embakment/eye of london. The location is extremly safe and fun with little pubs around. The area however is not hard partying so those looking for a 2-4am drinking night will be sad.The staff is some of the nicest people I have ever met. They close the bar early but hotel guests can really drink an extra hour or so no problem. The bar downstairs is really quaint and affordable, which is hard to find when using the US Dollar. The staff is both professional and friendly, a really nice group of people.THE BADThe reception area is not really much, its on floor one and its basically a counter area with a seat. The area however is clean and ncie enough for the cost but if youre looking for marriot/hilton/omni sweeping lobbys this is not your place. Its a bit lacking and feels lacking, especially after a long day of travel.The rooms are very old, not beds or appliances but struture wise. I had to change rooms due to the fact you COULD NOT sleep with the sounds from each side on your left and right. I could not hear talking but VERY LOUD squeaking because the floors squeak at an unbeleivable level. It was to the point where I was watching where I walked so as to not wake the neighbors. Also the rooms have no safe and the hotel only has a safe, no safety depoist box which for an international travel, well it sucks.I would reccomend a room at the end of the hall. I switched from a middle hallway room to an end of the hall and its much nicer. The first room I had well it sucked, very small very noisy ETC, just be respectable and push the point, youll get a better room.OVERALLNice hotel, great price, great staff, great pub, and a safe and fun location. That being said if you want big beds, big lobbies etc, look elsewhere and look to spend double the price.	
May 27 2008	Location can't be beat!	May 20-26. Superior double/double (2 twin beds, desk w/ stool, small table w/ chair). Multiple emails to hotel all answered within a couple days. Was told by email that superior room was larger and better locations than standard. Our room felt small, window overlooked a side street and the partially collapsed building next door. Reception said all rooms are superior except rooms by the lift (not sure about that answer).Not able to check in until after 1 pm. Storage closet full. Many people left luggage in the small lobby by reception desk.Creaky floors. Could not hear anyone above, but could hear people walking in the rooms on either side of ours.Room was clean, except for a bit of rust in the corners of the top of bathtub. Bed had a comforter w/ duvet cover, but no extra sheet. Hairdryer, bottled water, tea and different cookies daily. Mini refrigerator was a nice surprise.Area very busy during the week (business people and tour coaches), but quiet on weekend. Friday night people at pub drinking on sidewalk and down side street, could hear from 4th floor.Barclay's Bank opposite Westminster Abbey very close and convenient. Pret A Manger and another cafe both on Tothill St, closed by 5:30 weekdays. Restaurants on Victoria St 5-10 min walk. 20-25 min walk to Waterloo. 15 min to Victoria. &lt;1 min to St James's Park underground. Scotland Yard police building around the corner. Area felt very safe.	
May 27 2008 	Great base to explore city	We really enjoyed the hotel. We booked three rooms for a week and then went to France for two days before returning to London to fly home. While we were in France the Sanctuary House let us store our bags there so we could just bring what we needed to France. A big help to say the least. Breakfast each morning was very good and you don't get cheated on the free stuff. We were plenty full on what was complimentary.The location is perfect. I lived in London when I was in school so I knew the area and was surprised to get a hotel of this quality at this price located where it was. There is literally nothing on the west end of town you can't walk to in 20 minutes or so and the river cruises leave from a few blocks away.The staff was great also. Very helpful and attentive.	
May 9 2008 	great location pity no double glazing	Hotel is well run with friendly unobtrusive staff and clean, well decorated rooms. Location is excellent, just a short walk from St James's Park, Big Ben, Westminster Pier for boats down the river and Buckingham Palace. The road outside is quiet late at night till early morning, but it's a pity that there is no double glazing for that light nap before going out to dinner! This is the only negative comment I'd make for this hotel whose price, by London standards, is reasonable,particualarly when taking location into account.	
May 5 2008 	Good place to stay and graet location	Liked this hotel very much it has been nicely and tastefully refurbished. Very helpful staff who assisted us with a very early check in. Excellent and quiet location within close walking distance of the Royal Parks and all the sights of Westminster. Probably the best beer in London is served in the Pub. We were not disturbed by any noise at all from the pub. Would stay here again when next in London.	
Apr 15 2008 	Fantastic Hotel for Marathon Runners	Stayed here for one night as my husband was running the London Marathon and we couldn't have chosen better!First the hotel - It's small but perfectly formed! The room (101) was small and was dominated by a large four poster bed. It was clean, well decorated and with all the little extras you usually get in a larger hotel, tea making facilities, toiletries and yes we did have bottled water supplied in the room.There was also a small fridge in the room which was very useful for our own drinks.The staff on reception were lovely, very friendly and helpful as were the waiting staff at breakfast. Now for the Marathon - The hotel is well located for the finish, just down the road in Westminster and close to St James Park tube station.The hotel provided early breakfasts from 6am on marathon day and it was a good continental buffet style with plenty of bananas, bread and cereals. My husband took his own sachet of porridge and the staff were happy to make it for him.Reception were happy to store our luggage during the race and set aside rooms for the runners to have a shower afterwards -saving us the expense of paying extra for a late checkout.All in all we couldn't recommend this hotel highly enough for any stay in London but especially for the marathon.We paid £87.50 through Hotelconnect which was a considerable saving on the advertised price, so shop around.We'll definitely be back!	
Mar 28 2008 	The Sanctuary - nice and convenient	Very conveniently located, just down the block from the St. James Park tube station. The Fuller's Pub on the ground floor is a nice, comfortable place to grab a bite to eat and a pint. It is pretty quiet except at lunchtime during the week.If your stay comes with the free continental breakfast, it is fairly good and served in the pub. You get your usual yogurt, croussaints, cereal etc.. If that isn't part of your stay, then right outside there are two small cafes that have breakfast for a decent price.The room is clean and nice although I didn't find the bed or pillows to be all that comfortable. There is a trouser press in the room that is an absolute waste of time, so be sure to bring your own iron.The bathroom is nice and the water pressure is excellent.On one site it mentioned that they had free bottled water in the room - that isn't true. There is a kettle and some tea bags and instant coffee (all fair trade!!!! - major points for that!).As far as internet access, it is available for 5 pounds/hour or 15 pounds for 24 hours. A bit of a rip-off and you will find throughout London (especially in Soho) internet cafes that offer 1 hour/pound. There weren't any near the hotel as far as I could find.One thing - when you arrive they will NOT let you up to your room until 2 pm check-in. They made us come back and then we had to sit and wait the final 6 MINUTES until exactly 2 pm. So plan your arrival accordingly! We found the room for a really good price on Expedia- be sure to check ALL the sites for the best price. No real complaints about the hotel - again very convenient (Westminster Abbey was at the end of the road!)	
Mar 26 2008	Great Hotel With Some Minor Issues	Overall, we had a very satisfying experience. The location was great, very close to the Westminster Abbey, the Houses of Parliament, St. James Park, Buckingham Palace and somewhat close to the Trafalgar Square with all its museums and attractions.We stayed in the twin superior room--which was big, clean, well furnished. The bathroom was also big and had a terrific tub. Unfortunately, the TV had only a couple of channels, none of which was worth watching. The cleaning service was superb. We were glad not to have included breakfast in the hotel price, as it was very average and overpriced. You would do better by walking down the street and checking out the nearby eateries/cafes. The elevator was a big plus. I know that this hotel also caters to people with disabilities.The downside of the hotel is the front desk service. There is a different person sitting at front desk almost every day. Some of the personnel are a little &quot;dense&quot;. One person claimed that the internet was too slow to check some information. In addition, the staff missed two of our nine wake up calls, one of which was on the day of our departure--we could have missed our flight and only by a miracle did not. Finally, they took a sofa out of our room on the last day of our stay, due to a mix up --because &quot;another room needed it.&quot;So, in the end, I would recommend the hotel due to the location and the quality of room. However, be wary of the service and bring an alarm clock with you!	
Mar 20 2008 	Wonderful Hotel...definitely recommend!!	Just got back from staying at this hotel for 4 nights! Fantastic location!! Right in the middle of all the main sites...Big Ben, St. James Park, Buckingham Palace, Parliament, Westminster Abby. Steps from the St. James tube station. Got a great deal from hotels.com...better than booking directly with the hotel. The hotel was cozy and had a B&amp;B feel. Friendly staff, very polite, helped make phone calls to tour companies etc. Rooms were averaged sized and comfortable. Large bathroom with a speaker inside connected to the television set. Floor length mirror average size closet. We got either a bowl of fruit or cookies when the rooms were made up. You get the option of having a paper delivered to your room for an additional price. Hotel is attached to Fuller s pie and Ale house. Food is typical British fare and bar food. Continental breakfast featured fruit and breads, tea and juices. For an additional price there are some English Breakfasts available of eggs and such. The pub does get packed with the after work crowd of business men. The hotel is in the route of the Queen when she leaves the palace, we missed her by one day. There are a couple grocery marts and convenience stores in the area, but the close pretty early. Walking distance to Victoria street with lots of shopping. Would definitely stay here again!!	
Mar 13 2008 	Brilliant Hotel	booked this hotel through the net. it is probably one of the best hotels i ever stayed in. met two friends for a reunion we had not met for 40 years. this hotel was excellent in every way,clean quiet and very central. the continental breakfast needs to be more dynamic. overall do not miss this hotel,it is brilliant. stayed 7th and 8th march 2008,will be back David N.Ireland	
Feb 25 2008 	would definitely use again	The location was what made us choose the Sanctuary House as it is so close to the Palace of Westminster. I feel that some of the reviews on this site don't really do it justice - it really was very good indeed!It's true that it is really only a place to sleep, and it is no facilities other than the public bar downstairs. However, it had a real feather duvet, the toiletries which another reviewer pooh-poohed were fine and the tea and coffee were fair trade. The room was clean, the staff were friendly and obliging and as well as keeping our bags safe after check-out, they lent us a room to get changed before heading out to the airport. And for somewhere in the centre of a city, it's quiet at nights so you can actually sleep!On the minus side, two different bar menus floating about meant that when I ordered the house pie, I didn't get what I expected; but worse than that, the bar person said 'May I?' and lifted the pastry lid to look inside the pie WITH HER FINGERS. That however was my only gripe, the overall stay was excellent, it's very handy indeed to St James' Park underground and I would definitely recommend it and would definitely use it again.	
Jan 22 2008 	Comfortable and Good Value	Needed to stay in the Westminster area for one night booked this hotel as found a really cheap deal on the internet. It was easy to find, the satff were helpful and polite. The room was clean, neat and the bed had a lovely thick duvet.	
Jan 8 2008 	Great Location	Stayed here on for one night at the end of December and the location of the hotel is excellent. We found the hotel very easy after getting off the Metro and its less then a 5 minute walk from the station. The Hotel is right in the heart of Central London and you can see Westminster Abbey at the end of the street. The room was quite big and clean. The TV did not work but as we were only there for a night we reported it but did not bother about it being replaced. The breakfast was basic but nice and ours was included in the price of our stay and personally I would not pay more than about £4 per night for what was on offer. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants cheap clean central London accomodation	
Nov 21 2007	Good London Hotel	The Sanctuary House was a very good London experience, nice room, recently updated. Great location for all central London sites. Restaurant and night life was just a 10 minute walk away. Very convenient to the Underground. Would recommend to anyone looking for a resonable hotel in central London.	
Oct 18 2007	Superb Location	We recently stayed at the Sanctuary House for 4 nights. It's a great hotel in a superb location. Our room was very nice, clean and a good size. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom was a good size. There are a number of delis (EAT, PRET) close by for a quick breakfast. The St Jmes Park subway station is a short walk. We walked almost everywhere and used the subway for late night trips back from the west end theatres. We would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 17 2007 	Great location and the room not bad for the money	As usual when booking a hotel I scanned the trip advisor reviews and this seemed to be a very popular place. Even though I now live in France I'm actually a Londoner and it was very nice for the first time in my life to be staying in Westminster as a visitor. A stone's throw from the beautiful St Jame's Park, about a minute's walk from St. James tube, two mins down the road to Westminster Abbey and the Palaces of Westminster; you couldn't get a better location for reasonable rates.As a previous reviewer has said, we also booked a Superior Room through Expedia thinking it would be a tad luxurious but it was pretty bog standard. Still, in this part of the world, you are not exactly going to be spending much time in the hotel room. Shame there is no lounge area, just the pub. The pub was great when we arrived on the Sunday but during the week it is absolutely mobbed by the local office workers and service is a bit slow. Thank goodness for the no smoking in the pubs ban; it would have been unbearable otherwise.I found a couple of errors on my bill and the night man insisted on me paying before the bill was printed out, so I found them retrospectively as it were. Still waiting for a reply to my letter of complaint about them. Having said that I will stay here again because for £120 a night it is a good price for this part of the world.Next time I will insist on scrutinising my bill before paying and I won't bother with the measly buffet breakfast, which is probably the least choice I have ever seen in a city hotel.	
Oct 14 2007	Always a good hotel	I have been staying at this hotel on a regular basis since February 2007 usually two or three times a month. It is extremely good value for money. Rooms are very clean, the beds are comfortable and the staff are very helpful. Breakfast is not terribly exciting.	
Oct 2 2007	Good location so-so food	Just got back from a honeymoon in Europe, including three days at the Sanctuary House. Generally speaking, the hotel is a good value for the money, is quite comfortable and the location can not be beat. You can see the back of Westminster Abbey from the street outside the hotel! It was easy walking distance to many of the standard sightseeing opportunities, and allowed us to see much of central London's attractions in our short stay.A few things: the pub downstairs has food, but not too tasty, and is like most modern British food i.e. put together without any idea about flavour. There is a full English Breakfast at the Queen Anne Cafe, but do yourself a big favour and avoid it!Also, we paid for a superior room on Expedia, having read the description of the four poster beds etc. The same description was written on the menu of the pub. Our room was just a basic double with a bit more legroom, and when I asked about it, the clerk informed me that the only rooms with four poster beds were the Executive, unavailable to us..and the menu had a typo, and she had asked Expedia to change the description, but they hadn't etc-all of which adds up to the ol' bait and switch...so be warned.	
Sep 18 2007	Not as advertised!	During my stay the security system was not working for all the rooms. I requested a room with two twin beds (available by request as advertised on expedia) but no extra bed was available. Staff are friendly but not helpful.	
Sep 5 2007 	Delivers affordable accomodation in London	A small hotel, steps from Westminster and the Tube which feels like a Bed and Breakfast. We stayed at the Sanctuary House in August 2007 after the recommendations from TripAdvisor.com.The rooms were a normal size for a traditional London hotel and very reminiscent of a country Bed and Breakfast. By which it is meant that the decoration was homey, the closet was built in with no door, and the toiletries were sparse. The air conditioning worked great and there was always plenty of hot water for showers. Both important pluses in the U.K.Our only concern was the low level of security with the elevator opening to a door opposite the pub without any oversight on use. The desk staff were helpful and the pub has free WiFi. The pub serves food and allows children.Let me further emphasize the convenience of the hotel. You are only steps from Westminster Abbey and a short walk to Buckingham Palace or the London Eye. St. James Park tube is a block away and gets you conveniently everywhere else.Definitely a 2 star hotel. But in TripAdvisor ratings, it gets a 4 for cost-effectively delivering what is promised – a comfortable stay at a good price in a convenient location. Would recommend to all tourists looking for affordable accommodation in London – and who isn’t?	
Aug 27 2007 	Fantastic Location!!!!	We stayed here for 6 nights and we loved it!! We could not get over how close we were to so many wonderful sights. We walked to Westminster Abbey, Big Ben, London Eye, St. James Park, Buckingham Palace, Trafalgar Square. Our room (503) was clean, comfortable and fairly big. We had a nice king size bed/sofa sleeper/trundle so it fit the 4 of us perfect. The staff was very friendly and helpful. We enjoyed the pub very much, we ate dinner there a couple of nights and had the continental breakfast every morning, it was perfect for us (yummy toast w/ Marmite, tea,juice,cereal,fruit, hard boiled eggs etc) A short walk to Victoria St and there are many other pub/restaurants (Starbuck's), lots of little shops to buy delicious English chocolate/sweets. There's a Sainsbury grocery store which came in handy for water/snacks etc. The St. James underground station is just down the street. We had such a wonderful time in London, we will never forget our trip and this hotel was part of that experience,we will be going back in a few years and will definitely stay here again!! London is AWESOME!!!!!	
Aug 23 2007 	Still a great find	This is our 4th stay at the Sanctuary House Hotel. All positive reviews are right on. Perfect location - quiet at night - clean and affordable. Nice to have A/C on one hot night in London.Always check with the hotel directly (email) for the best rates.	
Aug 17 2007 	August 5th - 12th Loved Our Stay	Loved our stay. Great Location. Professional Staff. Would stay here again.OK, some details. Arrived at 3 am August 5th. It is a small hotel. The attendant was paged and came quickly. He even arranged for room service for some beers to our room!There were construction barricades around the entrance when we arrived. They were a bummer but were removed ~ August 8th. The building across the alley to the west had partially collapsed and that was the issue. They were painting the outside of the Sanctuary House hotel and pub while we were there. We liked it better when the barricades were removed.Very professional service from front desk. It is a small hotel and they did not have a concierge like you might expect from a 4 star US hotel (i.e., Marriot). Very friendly and professional though. Now issues with billing, reservations, etc.We didn't sign up for the breakfast when we booked through Expedia. It did not look like it was worth the price though. It depends on what you want though. I was happy to eat a samosa from a local take-out place for 1 pound and a Starbucks coffeee for one pound eighty.Room was kinda small but did have air conditioning. We used it only the first day though. They had 12 TV stations. Sky News and sports.No coffee, but had a caraffe that heated water for a tea bag..kinda lame there.I am not one to notice decor but I guess one might descibe it as quaint??Nice little hotel in a good location. The pub was mostly empty except for right after work on the week days. We wished it would have been more lively. Maybe the construction had turned people off.We will definitely consider staying here again.	
Aug 16 2007 	Great facilities and location: highly recommended	We really enjoyed this hotel and highly recommend it to anyone looking for a great location and facility at a fair price. We were in Room 503 and our room was surprisingly large. The bathroom was also larger than we expected. We had 3 nice windows, a large bed and a sleeper sofa. The food in the associated pub downstairs is also very nice. We can't wait to return.	
Aug 15 2007 	Shhhh ... keep it a secret!	Having read many despairing reviews about reasonably priced London hotels, I was delighted to stumble upon Sanctuary House through Trip Advisor.Very centrally situated, but on a quiet street, I can't say the pub below gave me any problems, particularly as my room was on the second floor. My room was also right beside the lift, which gave me initial cause for concern, but it proved not to be a problem. Despite booking a single room, I received a twin, with a lovely big bathroom. Everything was clean and I was most appreciative of the air con.I did have a slight concern about members of the public being able to step into the lift from the street and effectively bypass reception to gain access to the rest of the hotel, particularly at night and being on my own, but in larger hotels that's a problem too. Being round the corner from Scotland Yard has it's benefits, I guess!Have just booked to go back in October and am hoping for a similarly positive experience.	
Aug 8 2007	Was booked 'tll collapsed stayed elsewhere but have some comments	Ok, I'd previously written a review and gave the hotel a 1 rating, but that was due to the apparent non-notification to hotels.com that the adjacent building had collapsed. Because I wasn't going to gamble that the hotel was going to be open by the time I got there, I booked elsewhere. However, while in London, I stopped by the Sanctuary House and looked around. I also talked to a person staying there. Here's what I found:The place is in a perfect location. We wound up getting really lucky and got an outrageously good rate at The Landmark, which is an outrageously wonderful hotel. Except for the fact it was on top of Marylebone Station, it was out of the way. Sanctuary House is in the middle of everything. Again, the location is perfect. One of the pics I've posted shows Westminster Abbey just down the street.I went into the hotel. You have to go to the 2nd floor for the reception desk. I asked the receptionist to show me a room and she was glad to do so. The whole room, including the bathroom, was about the size of my bathroom at the Landmark. Yes, the comparison is unfair. However, even with my great rate at the Landmark, two rooms at Sanctuary House would have been cheaper. Besides, with such a perfect location, you'll never be in the room anyway.The hotel is what you'd expect for an older hotel. The guest I spoke to said the place has it's element of shabbiness and quirks, but that's what makes the place so charming and she loved staying there. And the place really is charming.I checked out the pub downstairs, and with the new smoking ban in London, I would have no problem bringing my 11-year old son in for some dinner. The pub had a very nice, friendly atmosphere.There's still some construction going on, as you'll see in the pics I've posted. Until they remove the barricade from the front of the building, you've got to walk down the block to get to the hotel.In one of the pics, you can see the red building across the street to the right that collapsed. So it's not really &quot;adjacent&quot; but across the street.In summary, I would not hesistate to stay at Sanctuary House the next time we visit London.	
Aug 4 2007	This is a great small hotel!	We loved this hotel. You can't beat the location or the price (given the generally high priced nature of London hotels!) The staff was helpful and courteous. We arrived on a very late night flight, and the person on duty even opened up the bar just for us to get us a couple of drinks! Unlike a previous poster, we found no language barriers whatsoever. And, we had a room right next to the elevator and heard NO noise from it at all! This hotel is in a very quiet area and only about 2 minutes from the underground stop. I'd definitely stay here again.	
Jul 13 2007 	Fantastic location near abbey in quiet street	We stayed 3 nights: Saturday 9th &amp; Sunday 10th June (both nights @ £110) and Monday 11th June 2007 ( £130). All nights inclusive of breakfast and VAT.We selected this hotel based primarily on location and price and pictures on the website.The hotel is located in a quiet street only a minute's walk from the Abbey and also St James station. Unfortunately, at our inconvenience, we found that the only lines servicing this station (both Zone 1 lines) were not operating that weekend due to maintenance!A traditional type pub that specialises in meat pies occupies the ground floor. This is also where the included breakfast is served. The entrance to the hotel is via a lobby and lift that is located just next to the pub’s entrance. As reception is located on level 1, you’ll need to swipe your room card on the hotel entrance door if returning to your room late at night. The hotel has 4 levels of guest rooms - our floor had six rooms.The room contains a double bed, fold out sofa, TV, table, desk and chair, trouser press (which seemed pretty useless when we tried it) and wardrobe. The room has red and neutral tones, both the bed and bathroom have a modern feel, although I had expected a bit more after viewing their website’s photos.The included self serve continental breakfast was minimal and forgettable compared to the full English breakfasts served at the B&amp;Bs we’ve visited.The problems we encountered were that the majority of staff (i.e. breakfast, reception and housekeeping) seemed to be of Latino decent and had difficulties in communication, even on the most basis topics. We did speak to a receptionist who seemed to be a local (and who could speak perfect English) on a couple of occasions and she was very helpful. The air conditioning unit is embedded in the middle of the bedroom’s ceiling. It was necessary to have this on continuously while in the room and I found it excessively loud in comparison to other air conditioners I’ve used, even when on a low fan setting.The two seater sofa bed is the very cheap type which lacks the necessary structure to stop you awkwardly sinking into the base when you sit down. Also, housekeeping didn’t fold the front bottom flap down, so the metal structure was exposed. We fixed this in a moment.It's worth noting that sacks of hotel laundry were always spilling out of a service room near our room into the hallway. Also, I’m glad we weren’t allocated the room next to the lift because it’s door is literally next to the lift’s door – no doubt you would continuously hear the lift and people entering and exiting. I’ve stayed in this type of room before at a different hotel and it’s hell. These rooms are not acceptable for paying customers!We were on top level (5) and didn't have any problems with noise, as reported in other reviews, etiher externally from the street or from the other rooms or the pub - just the air conditioner. We may have just been lucky though!Overall, Sanctuary Fuller’s Hotel has a great location which is it’s best asset. It is reasonably priced and has comfortable and clean rooms. We would stay here again if visiting London.	
Jul 3 2007 	Central Spot	Old/historic building 1 block from St James tube station, 1 block to Westminster Abby, really close to Buckingham Palace, Big Ben, and the London Eye.	
Jun 2 2007 	Great Hotel in convenient quiet location	We stayed at the Sanctuary House in May 2007 for 4 nights and were very happy with our stay. The staff was friendly and helpful. They let us check-in early (around noon). I had sent an email a few days before our arrival requesting early check-in and the hotel staff responded quickly that it should not be a problem. The hotel is one block from the St. James tube station and the bus stop is even closer (the buses are much more fun than the tube). The area is quiet, except for the tour buses that park along Tothill Street. Our room was in the back and very quiet. The beds and linens were very comfortable. We ate at the pub downstairs one night and the chicken pot pie was good. Based on reviews on this site (and the price) we did not eat breakfast there. EAT and Pret A Manger are very close and both have good breakfast sandwiches and muffins (about $12 for 2 people). The only downside was we could not get the internet to work (which would have cost $30 a day, if it worked)	
May 20 2007 	Very pleased	Location, location, location....as the Brit's would say, it was &quot;brilliant&quot;. We booked the Sanctuary House based mainly on the reviews on the Trip Advisor, and we were not disappointed. We were in a standard double room on the 2nd floor, facing EAT for 4 nights. The room size was more than adequate, my husband and I never felt cramped. The bed was comfortable with nice bedding on it, there was a desk with mirror behind it, and another small table and chair in the room. A nice touch was the hot water kettle and tea, instant coffee, and hot chocolate that was provided and replenished daily, and a couple little bicuits too. As previously mentioned, our floor did squeek, but it was not bothersome. The street noise was not that bad, atleast from our room, and we only heard the construction one morning, after we were already awake. But, as previously mentioned by others, we were awakened by a horrendous noise in the middle of the night...which was the trash. Had I not read about it on this site, I think I would have been very startled and scared....it was VERY loud. I think we only heard it 2 nights though, not every night. Also, we slept with our window opened, not sure if we would have heard this with the window closed. We ate in the downstairs Pub several nights, and really enjoyed the food, the ale and the atmosphere. Our room rate did not include the breakfast, but we were given the option to buy it. We looked one morning, but decided to eat elsewhere.The location is fantastic...just steps from the St. James Tube. Westminster Abbey and Big Ben/Houses of Parliament are just down the street, and just a little further is the London Eye. Also within a few blocks is the Chuchill Museum (very interesting), Trafalgar Square and the National Gallery. A short walk thru the lovely St. James Park (just up the street) brings you to Buckingham Palace. We would not hesitate to stay here again. P.S. Trying to load some nice pictures of the hotel and surrounding area, but am having trouble as this site only accepts 2Mb or below, and most of mine are above. Here are a few that it would load.	
May 8 2007 	Great Hotel!!!!	Stayed here over May Day Bank Holiday weekend. A fab location. Westminster Abbey and Houses of Parliment no more than 5 mins. St James park again about 5mins via Queen Annes Gate. The tube was about 2mins walk. We bought a 3 day pass for £16 which covered buses aswell as tube as it £4 single. Even though we were on the 1st floor no noise from pub below. Good size room and very clean. Rooms tidied and replenished everyday. Breakfast was good - cereal, fruit salad, fresh fruit, yoghurt, croissants, toast etc. Eat as much as you want. Staff helpful, as we needed to know night bus from Royal Albert Hall. You need to go to next street for restaurants. There is a newsagent store across street, but when it closed you can use the one in the tube station it stays open till about 11.30/11.45pm or so. Would definately stay here again...	
Apr 9 2007 	Not my favorite hotel	Positives: This hotel does have a great location as it is within minutes of the Westminster Abbey, and is only a short walk to the Buckingham Palace, London Eye, Big Ben and other destinations. The room was a nice size for European standards and was in pretty good condition.Negatives: I had read that this was in a noisy area, so I asked to be away from the noise and was told by the front desk employee that my room was &quot;fine&quot;. However, that was not the case. My biggest complaint was the extremely loud noise of a garbage/recycling truck that came once at 5am and then the next night at 2:45am and it sounded as if it was in my room - and we were five floors up. Also, there was a lot of noise from the pub on the ground floor of the hotel (again, we were five floors up and could hear everything) and from the construction nearby.On our last evening, I requested a wake up call for 6am so as not to miss our flight - that wake up call never came. Another issue I had was that the hotel displayed menus from the pub downstairs making it seem like a restaurant. I took my child in there for food, only to be right in the middle of a standing room only, smoke filled bar! I was very disappointed in that - as it was definitely not a restaurant for getting food...Breakfast is served in the pub in the morning, and the food was not good in our opinion. We did enjoy the boxes of cereal and that was about it. I probably would not stay here again - unless we couldn't find anything else in our budget.	
Apr 8 2007 	Great Location!	My family stayed at this hotel for a week in two rooms next door to each other. My 10 and 13-year old daughters stayed in a room with twin beds; my husband &amp; I in a room with a double bed (maybe a queen, but smaller than U.S. queens). The hotel is quiet, and rooms are very clean and decent-sized by London standards. The price we got on Expedia was much lower than other hotels in this area (we were traveling at the busy spring break time).The location is terrific -- you can walk to MANY attractions, are near to the theater district, and there is a tube station a block and a half away. The only downside is that there are no restaurants serving food in the evenings. Some of the pubs (including the one in the hotel) do serve dinner, but if you are eating later (after a show) plan to eat elsewhere. We didn't care for the restaurant's continental breakfast (we ate there on a bank holiday when everything else was closed) -- the food at the nearby cafes is better for the price.	
Apr 1 2007 	Wonderful place to stay!	We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights beginning March 15, 2007. This is truly a wonderful little hotel. It is clean, comfortable, and safe. The location is simply superb. You know you've got a great place when you step out the door and see tour bus after tour bus lined up along the curb on the road in front of the hotel door. The buses are all there because the hotel is just one block away from Westminster Abbey. The hotel is also one block away from the St. James's Park tube stop. It is also an easy walk to Trafalgar Square passing the Horse Guards, #10 Downing Street, etc. We also walked to Buckingham Palace and to Piccadilly Circus and through St. James’s Park.The hotel is located above a Fuller's Pub which made it very handy for getting food or drinks. The door to the hotel is a separate entrance. Go past the doors to the pub and walk a couple of steps towards Westminster Abbey and the hotel door is right there. The hotel lobby is up the steps or you can take the lift. We got there before check-in time and the girl in the lobby kindly locked up our suitcases for us in a little closet so we could go across the street and get some lunch at the EAT restaurant. On our way back, we took a short little detour to walk past the &quot;New Scotland Yard&quot; revolving sign. We had room 405, a very nice room with windows that opened onto Dacre St. There was coffee and tea with creamer and sugar along with a biscuit in the room. They also supplied little bottles of lovely-smelling shampoo, soap, shower gel, and lotion each day. Since we stayed at the hotel in March during cold weather, we certainly appreciated the towel-warming rack. The shower had plenty of hot water and good water pressure. (There’s a trick to adjusting the temperature of the hot water. The handle on the right controls the temperature. ) We found the staff to be very helpful. One night we asked for an extra blanket as the weather had turned cold. (Being used to cold weather, the down comforter on the bed was too warm for us so we just wanted to use an extra blanket.) The girl at the front desk personally brought up a blanket as she told us that &quot;housekeeping had already left for the day&quot;. That night, it sleeted and we were very happy she brought us the blanket!We had a couple of meals in the pub downstairs. Even though the pub was packed with locals, the people behind the bar were very helpful in explaining to us how to go about ordering drinks and food. We also asked for recommendations as to types of ale and lagers and they were very willing to share their knowledge. We followed their suggestions and were very pleased with all the food, ale, and lagers that we had. Also, it was fun to be part of the crowd of people happily watching football on TV after work. Speaking of food, there are several little convenience stores in the area if you want to purchase a few things to snack on. Also, it is just a short walk from the hotel to Victoria Street which has many restaurants and pubs. A word of note, the EAT and Pret restaurants across the street close on the weekends so keep that in mind in planning your meals. The hotel has internet available. The fee was £5 for one hour or you could spend £15 for 24 hours. Since we had our laptop along, we intended to use the internet a couple of nights but never got around to it. Also, there is a public phone downstairs in the little lobby area inbetween the hotel entrance and the entrance to the pub. There was no safe in our room so we just locked our laptop up in our suitcase. There is a massive building being constructed close by. It looks like that construction will be going on for a long time so you probably will be hearing construction noise for quite some time in the future. Also, the hotel is an old building so you will occasionally hear creaky floors. The location, however, more than makes up for any slight inconvenience this may cause you.One last thing, when we went to check out, we found two extra charges on our hotel. We were a little surprised as we had prepaid for the 4 nights through either Expedia. There was a charge for £5 for using the internet and another charge for £15 for food. We explained that while we had intended to use the internet, we never did get around to it. We told the lady that we did notify the person at the desk about not using it and sure enough, she found the note and took that charge off. When we questioned the charge for food, the lady at the desk said it had been for lunch in the pub on March 18th. We explained that we had eaten at the British Museum. And, once again, after she went through the slips, she discovered that the people in room 407 had eaten their lunch in the pub while waiting for their room to be ready to check-in. They mistakenly told the waiter that they were in our room (405) instead of their room, 407. So, that £15 charge was also removed and we left the hotel with no extra charges at all. The lady was extremely cheerful about removing the charges. Mistakes in billing commonly occur at hotels and we were delighted that the charges were removed in such a pleasant manner.In summary, my husband &amp; I would highly recommend this hotel. We most certainly will stay here again the next time we visit London.	
Mar 20 2007 	Loved it completely!	My husband and I stayed three nights, March 12-16th, and have so many good things to say about the Sanctuary House in London. Top on the list - the location! It's steps from Westminster Abby and Big Ben, and a five minute walk to Buckingham Palace. The room was a good size and very quiet. We even arrived hours ahead of check-in and they got us into a room right away! Convenient, clean and friendly - what more could you want?	
Mar 6 2007 	Loved Sanctuary House	Spent 3 days at this hotel and absolutely adored it! The location is PRIME; really cannot think of a better spot: very short walk to Westminster Abbey, Big Ben / Parliament, St James Underground station. The common areas and guest rooms were kept very clean and inviting. Guest rooms are not as large as typical American hotels, but we were comfortable and never felt cramped. Fuller's Pub downstairs is a gastropub, so you can conveniently enjoy a pint of ale and a bite to eat. The hotel staff was very helpful and even when the pub was closed after 11PM and we wanted a beer, the receptionist personally led us downstairs and poured it for us! There's a convenience store on the opposite corner, cafes on both sides of the street. Also, surprisingly close to Buckingham Palace, which was magnificent. Waterloo and the London Eye just a few minutes walk across pedestrian bridge.All in all, we were very pleased with Sanctuary House and will definitely stay there on our next visit to London. You really can't beat the value!	
Feb 20 2007	Comfortable hotel great location	My husband and I spent 4 nights (Feb 7-11) at the Santuary House. We were not disappointed. Rooms are small but not outrageously so. They were very clean and comfortable. The location is great. One short block from St. James Station, 15 minute walk to Victoria station, even closer to Westminster Station. Westminister Abby is a block away, Trafaler Square is a 20 minute walk. The area feels very safe and is very clean. We had a front room, had no problem with noise. This was our first time to London for sightseeing, the location could not have been better. The best deal for the month of Feb. is the Big Bus Tour, 48 hours for the price of one day, with 2 bus stops in easy walking distance. On top of all the advantages to this location, the price was right! I definitely recommend this hotel and would not hesitate to return.	
Feb 2 2007 	Great value hotel in the heart of Londn	Stayed here earlier this week for a night while on business in London and loved it. The hotel is small but clean, comfortable and welcoming and felt safe. I had plans for the evening - but had I not I think I would have felt quite happy having dinner alone in the pub downstairs. I had an inward-facing room so no problems whatsoever with noise (rarely have I stayed somewhere so quiet, in fact). The location is also superb - 15 minutes walk from Victoria Station, a minute from St James's tube station and a couple of minutes to Westminster Abbey and Victoria Street. Will definitely be back!	
Jan 29 2007	Great hotel but beware of the building site!	hmm....booked this hotel on the strength of the reviews here and was not disappointed in terms of space, cleanliness, friendliness, value for money etc etc - HOWEVER - we had a room overlooking the street at the front of the hotel and were rudely awakened at eight am on Saturday morning as work kicked off right across the street! So, if you stay here - make sure that you get a room at the back of the hotel - or take some ear plugs with you!	
Jan 12 2007 	excellent location!	The hotel is located very well, in a area that is very quiet at night. The room is clean and nicely decorated, the beds are a bit uncomfortable, but the bedding is nice. The breakfast service is unorganized, but the food is quite nice for a continental breakfast buffet. The service at the reception is excellent. Would stay there again, on another time of year. London is extremely crouded at x-mas..	
Nov 29 2006 	Great hotel	We stayed in the Sanctuary House Hotel for three nights. The room was very clean and was arranged very classy. Breakfast was great too. You have to walk about five minutes to come to Westminster Abbey, the Big Ben and the London Eye. The next tube station is reached in less than three minutes also. Great Hotel! The next time I'll be in London, I'll stay there again.	
Oct 24 2006 	Fantastic weekend in great value hotel	Just had a fantastic weekend at the Sanctuary House. This hotel is brilliantly located just minutes from Westminster Abbey and the local tube. The rooms were spotlessly clean with lovely soft down duvets and the little extra touches like complimentary mineral water normally found in more expensive hotels. Breakfast was fresh and varied with cooked options such as Eggs Benedict and Smoked Haddock as well as the usual traditional English breakfast. At £99 per night at weekends including breakfast we will certainly be back!	
Oct 24 2006	A remarkable little gem	We have just spent three nights at the Sanctuary House, and it was really excellent. The rooms may be small by comparison to other more illustrious hotels, but they are certainly clean, very comfortable, and as good as anything way more expensive.The staff are obliging and friendly, and the bonus is an excellent freehouse pub downstairs which serves a really good breakfast and good value meals.The only downside is maybe that the pub hours seem a little restricted, given its wonderful position in the centre of London, but really this is a small quibble. We will certainly be staying there again soon; it is a remarkable little gem. Highly recommended.	
Sep 13 2006	Nice place in a fantastic location!	We stayed at the Sanctuary House Hotel for 4 nights in August as part of a 3-week vacation in Britain. It's a very pleasant and comfortable place right in the heart of Westminster. The location is perfect for visitors to London -- right down the street from Westminister Abbey and only a short walk to the Houses of Parliament, Big Ben, Whitehall Lane, Buckingham Palace, and Victoria Station. Trafalgar Square and the London Eye are a bit farther off, but still easily walkable. Taxis are easy to catch on the street in front of the hotel. The major double-decker bus lines have stops one block away. The hotel is surrounded by office buildings, so the streets are busy with businesspeople in the daytime, but quiet at night. The neighborhood is both safe and clean. The hotel rooms are air-conditioned (which can be nice during the summer), the beds are comfortable and the bathrooms appear to have been recently refurbished. All-in-all, an excellent value in a very expensive city.	
Sep 11 2006 	It was okay	The location was great for sight seeing: steps away from the Westminster Abbey, minutes from the Houses of Parliament, Buckingham Palace and many other attractions. The room and bathroom were very clean. The area was very quiet at night, except for the unbearably loud garbage-pick-up truck which came around midnight or so every night. The staff was very pleasant, too. The biggest draw back was the food: there are a few 'deli-like' places around but all close very early and the selection wasn't great: especially if you're vegetarian. There's a grocery store nearby which we ended up relying on quite a bit: the prices were very reasonable and it's open until 10pm. Overall, we had a nice stay. I don't think we got the best value for our money; getting the bill and seeing how the charges and taxes add up left me with a bitter taste...	
Sep 10 2006 	Great place to stay!	We booked this on recommendations from TripAdvisor and weren't disappointed. We stayed in room 208- it was very clean and a nice size (especially for Europe). It's a great home base for seeing the city- right down the street from Westminster Abbey and a short walk to Buckingham Palace. One plus for us was that it's in a business type area and really quiets down at night. I'm a very light sleeper and had no trouble at all. There are several little shops just down the street for breakfast pastries, and the St. James Tube station is literally steps away. The hotel staff was friendly and helpful and we'd definitely consider staying here again.	
Sep 6 2006	A very pleasant stay	Rooms a little small but very adequate. Location superb. Surprisingly quiet considering the busy neighborhood. Staff was very helpful even though there is no concierge. The pub downstairs (which owns the hotel) is OK and certainly convenient for a tired traveler, and there are good restaurants nearby. The St. James tube stop is only a one minute walk away and Westminster only about 5.We would stay there again.	
Sep 6 2006 	Very Enjoyable Stay	As others have stated this hotel is in an excellent location. Not only is it convenient to the tube, but there are also bus stops a short distance away. The only downside of the location is that there is no food to be found in the area after 9 pm so plan accordingly.As for noise, we stayed on the second floor and with the windows shut, I could only notice noise if I listened for it. For the most part, any muffled noise there was blended into the white noise from the air conditioning fan in the ceiling. It actually seemed quieter than many other hotels I've stayed at. There is now internet in the hotel. They told me it was wired, but I also connected with wireless. I signed up for the 5 GBP per hour and was only charged for one hour over the entire 4 night stay. Very fair and reasonable. Left the laptop at the front desk each day as there is no in room safe.We enjoyed eating in the pub during off hours when it wasn't packed with the locals. Basically that meant mid afternoon or on weekends. The doors were generally open which helped to mitigate the smoke and there is a small non smoking section in one corner. Overall, we very much enjoyed the location, the small hotel feel, the friendly staff, and the convenience of the pub, and the very fair charges for phone and internet. If only a standard double bed were a bit larger.	
Aug 9 2006	Excellent Choice	We stayed at the Sanctuary House for a week and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. Rooms and beds were fine and I doubt that there is a better location in London for tourists to stay. Pub on the main floor has a reasonable continental breakfast to start the day. The hotel is within walking distance of most of London's main attractions. We found the staff to be friendly and helpful whenever we needed information.	
Jul 30 2006	Highly Recommend to Aussie Tourists- Fantastic Location!	HEY AUSSIES ! Awesome Location! Charming Clean Venue! Friendly Atmosphere &amp; Service at the Sanctuary House!! :) I stayed with a couple of female friends at the Sanctuary House for 5 nights during a &quot;Europe &amp; America&quot; Xmas 5 week Vacation and vowed that when I returned to Australia that I would write a review on this treasure of a venue for other Aussie Travellers... Earlier today when recommending the venue to a friend heading to London - I realized that despite my very good intentions - I just hadn't got around to it... lol!! So... hear we go now! - Better Late than Never! Now let me begin by stating that I'm not exactly a high maintenance girl, but I do usually love to stay in Luxury Venues. (Other venues on this splurge of a holiday included the Bellagio in Las Vegas, Saint Regis in New York followed by a week at the Waldorf - plus a number of other 5 star hotels through Europe! ) The decision to stay at the Sanctuary House really came as a whimsical solution to the panic that family members had expressed regarding potential terrorism attacks in London following the tube bombings... Our families were far more relaxed with the thought of us avoiding a major London International hotel, and the reviews on this website had discussed the location as being inner city and suitable for walking to the major London Attractions thus allowing us to avoid the Tube! We really were not quite sure what to expect- But needless to say, the Sanctuary House is a fantastic Quaint experience that I would recommend to all Aussie's visiting London for the first time... Yep - You heard correctly - The 5 Star Luxury Princess actually LOVED the Pub Experience!! The location was awesome - Every day we walked half a block (2 minutes walk) to the Westminister Abbey where we hopped on the Red Tour Bus - Yes - it really is only a 10 minute walk to the London Eye, and 10 minutes walk to Buckingham Palace to visit the Queens House! The Pub was a classy little place that served delicious Bangers and Mash with very generous sized portions very reasonably priced! The Pub's customers during our stay tended to be MP's dropping in to their &quot;local&quot; for happy hour after a day at Parliament House - which is located oppposite! Very different to the Atmosphere of an Aussie Pub! This place has Class!! What about the rooms?? The property rooms were spotlessly clean and made extra comfortable by the additional 'extras' left by House-keeping. eg. Not just the usual toiletries of soap, shampoo and conditioner and moisterisers, but Bath Salts and emery boards, combs, shower caps, mouth wash, and Heated Towel racks stocked with a plentiful supply of large super sized fluffy towels. A deep bath/ shower with overhead heating lights to keep you feeling cosy.Likewise, the room had quaint, charming &amp; very homely atmosphere - with additional comforts that we really didn't expect to find in a venue in this price bracket! eg. Tea, coffee PLUS Hot chocolate, and Complimentary Biscuits &amp; Chocolates! My room had, dressing gowns, slippers, and a small vase of fresh flowers. So much more than what was expected in an English pub- and quite frankly - so much more attention to detail than what was provided in most of the larger and far more expensive accomodation options on my trip!! I think that the &quot;attention to detail&quot; was what really won me over- sure the rooms are certainly not as flashy in decor as the Bellagio in Vegas, - but they were very clean, with attractive decor and lots of little unexpected comforts that really made you feel more at home than you normally would in a hotel room..... . This Hotel rates very highly on the Charm Factor.  As for the service, other readers have mentioned, the staff are very friendly, and go out of their way to help make your stay as welcome as possible. For example, the waitresses at Breakfast greeted us by name on our second morning, and by our last day we had exchanged shopping tips, and family histories!!  Next trip to London I'll definetely be returning to the Sanctuary House Pub! While certainly not having the gloss and luxury of a 5 star Hotel it has loads of Charm and Comfort, is in a superb location, and really provides the first time visitor to London with a taste of Traditional English Culture and Friendly Hospitality! By all means, head to a large hotel if you are looking for some Swanky Pampering - but if you are happy to mix up your usual 5 star experience with a taste of something that is Charming &amp; Unique then this would be a great venue that will leave you with a few Aussie dollars left over for Theatre tickets and shopping down Oxford Street!	
Jul 22 2006 	Excellent Location!	Wow, what a fabulous location! We took the tube from Heathrow and walked one very short block to the hotel. Shawn at the front desk was very helpful. I would probably skip breakfast if it is not included in your price. We were able to get a very good rate through expedia but it did not include breakfast. The tourist locations were all within a short walk from the hotel. We were able to walk to the changing of the horse guards and run over to the palace to watch the changing of the guards. My husband and I took our 9 year old to the arcades near the Aquarium and London Eye. She loved walking there at night. They have a small indoor bowling alley. There are plenty of other activities for children in that area. The room was small but had a very large bathroom. We were so tired from walking that we never noticed noise at the hotel. The pub was a great spot to catch the soccer game.	
Jul 12 2006	It's walking distance to the sights but gosh is the bed terrible	The place is walking distance to many of the big tourists sites (Abbey, Big Ben, Buckingham), and the front desk is very helpful and friendly. The rooms are a nice size, bathrooms are a little small, but nothing alarming.The only problem I have with this place is the bed. I'm not really a luxury bed person, but this was ridiculous. The bed was made to be a king size bed with 2 mattresses put together. Now that wouldn't necessarily be a big deal, but the mattresses were so old and worn I could have slept on the floor more comfortably. There wasn't even any mattress pads to cover the tops of the extremely old mattresses. Just a plain old thin white sheet. You could literally feel coils on your back. It was kind of gross.There's so many more places to stay in London, I would advise you to look around a bit before booking this one.	
Jun 23 2006	Wonderful Hotel in a Great Location.	My wife and I spent 5 wonderful days at this hotel last week and I can't say enough good things about it. The staff is wonderful and went out of their way to insure we had everything we needed, even letting us use their check-in terminal to get on the internet for a couple of important items we needed to deal with (note - while we were there they were putting the final touches on the DSL installation in each room).The rooms are large, very well kept and very clean. There is individual heat and air conditioning controls in the rooms which is not always the case in Europe. Worked great for us as we had high 70 and low 80 degree weather the whole time we were there. Our room was not facing the street and was very quiet. Maybe a bit more noise if your room is street side.The location is fabulous. Your within walking distance of all the major London attactions. Just a block away from Westminister Abbey and a 5 to 10 minute walk to Big Ben, the London Eye, St James Park etc. If your plans take you to other parts of London your a short block away from the St James Tube Station and about a 10 minute walk to Victoria Train Station. Even getting to Heathrow was easy as the front office staff arranged a cab for us - 45pounds for 4 of us, which was cheaper than the airport buses.We ate most of our breakfasts in the Fuller's Ale and Pie House Pub on the ground floor of the hotel. We also had all our evening meals there as well. The food is great and the portions large. A good size no smoking section was nice particularly since the pub was busy with World Cup fans.Overall we would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting London and will certainly go back there on our nice trip to London.	
Jun 20 2006	Loved It	Sanctuary House is a charming hotel. It's rooms are clean and tastefully decorated, the staff is friendly, and the location is perfect. The St. James tube stop is about a block away (1 minute walk), and just about everything is within walking distance! We were concerned about the noise from the pub on the ground level, so we requested a room on a higher floor and had no problem. The breakfast is served in the pub and is quite good. My husband and I had a great experience and would definitely stay again.	
Jun 11 2006 	Clean comfortable good location	The rooms in this hotel are large, comfortable and immaculately kept. The staff are helpful and friendly and the location, if it is sights that you want is perfect but not so good for those that want to spend all their time shopping. My room was on the top floor and there was no problem at all with noise. The hotel is not cheap even with much shopping around to get a good deal but you do certainly get quality at this hotel. I did have some doubts beforehand about it being over a pub and having breakfast in the pub but this presented no problem at all. The pub is great, good beer a very civilized atmosphere and it makes a really good breakfast room as it is so well looked after and maintained. No hesitation in reccommending this hotel to others.	
Jun 2 2006	Very nice comfortable clean friendly staff at times noisy during the night	Our stay at the Sanctuary House was almost great. The location is superb - very close to Big Ben, Parliament and Westminster Abbey. The staff (Vanessa, Marilyn and Shawn) were very helpful, responsive, friendly and courteous. The entire facility was clean, well furnished and very comfortable (including the bed). Our bedroom and bathroom was of more than adequate size, not huge by any means but there was plenty of room for the two of us to not get in each others way. Breakfast was served downstairs in the clean, comfortable and quiet pub by extremely friendly and responsive staff. The only complaint we would have, and this didn't happen every night (we stayed 6 nights), was the loud and disturbing garbage pick-up about midnight or so and the construction site across the street began work very early in the morning (we're early risers so that didn't bother us). We live in a very rural area and are used to extreme quiet, so the sounds of the city are somewhat disturbing to us no matter where we travel to. I would recommend this hotel for its location, comfort, cleanliness and friendly staff. Just keep the window closed during the night and you probably won't hear the outside world.	
May 28 2006	Okay hotel - Loud	We stayed at Sanctuary House after reading reviews on Trip Advisor. We were content with the hotel however we would look for other hotels in London for our next stay.Location: Tube station (St. James’s Park) is just a block from the hotel. The hotel is located on a busy street – in an area with lots of construction. There is a lot of foot traffic, but felt safe in the area. Nearest shops and bars are located all along the street of the hotel, however, minus the smoky pubs, they close early. We relied on Victoria Station (1 tube stop away) for later evening shopping. Westminter Abby and Parliament are just 150 m to the east of the hotel – a 3 or 4 minute walk.Overview: The hotel is an older building with a semi tasteful décor. The door in on the ground floor, there is an elevator lobby, however reception in on the first floor. Security could be an issue. There is no internet access (we used those at Victoria train station, 1 pound 15minutes) Phone calls are inexpensive from the hotel as long as you have a phone card. The bar is attached to the hotel – yet we avoided it due to cigarette smoke.Staff: The staff was very friendly and helpful. There is usually only 1 person working, yet they were helpful and kind.Rooms: North American standards, so reasonable. Furnished with the same tasteful, yet standard hotel look as the lobby. The room included a medium sized TV with many mulit-lingual channels yet a surprisingly limited amount of English programming considering the amount of American guests we noticed. There was a safe and a mini fridge. Self controlled air conditioning ensure the room was cool.Noise: This is the biggest draw back of the hotel. It is very loud. Street traffic is clear and noisy – like the windows were wide open. There is much construction around the hotel – and they start at 7:30am. You can hear most doors closing and conversations in the hallway clearly. Bed: The bed was double sized and moderately comfortable.Bathroom: Clean, and reasonably sized. Had a bath and a shower which has reasonable water pressure and a fairly consistent stream of warm water. (after you figure out how to get the safety look to allow you to turn the handles further) The toilet was finicky.Overall, we would not recommend this hotel due to the noise factor. The location is great, however, the noise trumps this.	
May 5 2006	Really enjoyed the stay	I enjoyed this hotel. However……My wife and I can sleep through a train wreck on a train filled with children and small dogs. If you can’t, book yourself somewhere else. This is the noisiest hotel I’ve ever stayed at, which is a significant number. Loading and unloading and traffic and bar patrons spilling out onto the street. Gruesome for those seeking peace.We’d gladly stay there again though because all that racket didn’t bother us too much and The Sanctuary House has a fantastic location. The Underground (St. James Station) is only a few dozen steps away. And Westminster Abbey, Big Ben, Parliament, St. James Park and Buckingham Palace are all within a brief walk. In fact, we walked from the hotel all the way to Oxford Circus (and The Cock pub on Margaret St.) without much trouble at allThere is a small store between the St. James Station and the hotel for water and soft drinks and very few other items such as these. You have to get ice from the pub that is part of the hotel. It’s a quite popular pub but the food is only mediocre, if that, and they stop serving at 9pm. There are far better choices just around the corner along Victoria.Cabs run right in front of the hotel all the time. It’s an easy thing to wave one down.The hotel has no internet service. There is a Starbucks (yeah, I know – but the pubs don’t have internet) with wireless access you can get to easily by going left out of the front door, passing the Underground station and going left on the next street, Palmer. Not too far, only open until 7pm or so though and closed on Sundays.Sanctuary House has creaky floors, thin walls and is a bit worn but is a good deal and just has something really cozy about it. It’s clean and fairly comfortable. The bathrooms are fine… just fine… and yes, the fan is supposed to run all the time. There’s nothing you can do about it.Ask for a room that is NOT on Tothill. It’s a bit more quiet. And the water pressure is weaker on the top floor but good on the second floor. So if you can, be specific. “Lower floor off of Tothill.” Hopefully you’ll get lucky. Otherwise just get some earplugs or fill yourself with a few pints of fine British ale and off you’ll go into dreamland no matter how noisy it gets.Have a jolly good time!A reminder to tip your housekeepers the equivalent of 3-5 dollars for each night right up to check out. It’s like a security deposit and has worked well for me in all my travels.	
Apr 10 2006	Awsome Location	This was a great Hotel. The staff was friendly. It was in a good loaction. You could walk to Westminster Abbey, Parliment, Trafalgar Square, The London Eye, The New Scotland Year, and more. Its right around the corner from St. James Park Station. The Hotel has AC which was a blessing after spending two weeks in Eruope where most places don't have it. There are ATMs and grocery stores near by. I would stay here again in a heart beat.	
Apr 9 2006	Great hotel	My wife and I recently stayed at the Sancuary House Hotel and loved it. It was comfortable and clean. The staff was curteous and helpful. The English breakfast was quite tasty as well as the other food in the resturant on the ground floor. The hotel is near Westminster Abbey and Parliment but not much else. Besides the resturant on the ground floor there wasn't a lot close to the hotel. However, the tube station is a mere 2 blocks away so getting around is easy. The Sancuary House Hotel isn't extravagant but we would stay there again, especially for the reasonable price.	
Mar 26 2006	All you need at a great price	We stayed here for a few nights with a 10 month old. Excellent location (10 minutes to Eye, Palace, Big Ben), very clean, secure, quiet rooms with ample space (for London standards). Great staff, helpful and pub is handy. No problems recommending this to anyone, even with infants !	
Mar 10 2006	Fabulous Hotel in great location	This is a fabulous little hotel just a block from Westminster Abby. Down a quiet street it also has a wonderful pub beside it. The room was tastefully decorated though small. The staff were most helpful and the area very quiet at night. Loved our stay and got a very good deal on Expedia.	
Feb 17 2006	Fantastic Central London hotel	We stayed here on a one night stopover before catching the Eurostar. It had been chosen purely on the basis of this being a Fuller's hotel (part of the Fullers brewery group) !Our superior room was well decorated and clean with everything we wanted. It was nice and quiet too being a Sunday night in a predominantly business district.The location was also great, a minutes walk from St James' Park tube station and only a few minutes from Parliament Square and Big Ben.We had dinner in the pub downstairs. The menu is very much &quot;pub grub&quot; but good size portions and arrived nice and hot. The beer on offer is excellent ! I can't comment on the breakfast as we had to leave before they started serving at 7am.We'd definitely stay here again. It would be a great base for exploring London at a reasonable price for central London.	
Dec 20 2005	Great!	Above average I guess for Europe. I really liked this hotel, complete with a wonderful pub. We loved to sit and watch all the locals come in after work, especially on Friday night. The pub was absolutely packed. The next morning we heard the garbage truck come down our lane collecting all the ale bottles!!What a noise THAT was! We also watched as the brew guy showed up and restock the kegs through the pub floor (from our room!). The staff was nice, and we had a wonderful breakfast each day. We didn't pay anywhere near $200 some odd each day, more like $160. The location was great. We went to see Billy Elliot and thought we'd get a late night dinner, WRONG, pubs close at 11:00 (I think this law just changed) so we had to eat at MacDonald's, not my restaurant of choice. It is very quiet at night, which in my opinion is a good thing.	
Dec 12 2005	Great location quiet hotel	I stayed at this hotel over the weekend (9th-11th December). It is very central, close to the tube station and quiet at night. The room was clean. I would stay here again if going to London. I chose the hotel from the reviews on this site which are all spot on.	
Nov 30 2005	Perfect Location in London	Terrific location near the heart of London.Upon arriving at the Sanctuary Hotel, we walked down the street, and right in front of us was Westminster Abbey, with Big Ben and Parliament in perfect view. It was awesome! The Sanctuary Hotel is a perfectly satisfactory hotel, especially for the price in central London. We got a great deal from Expedia (it didn’t include the pub breakfast, but there are 3 good breakfast places within a block), and we were very satisfied with the hotel. It is very close to two tube stations, and walking distance to many of the major sites. There’s no lobby to speak of, and no conceirge as in some larger hotels, but the staff was helpful and friendly. We had read previous reviews saying that the lift (elevator) didn’t work, but that wasn’t our experience - until our last day, when we had to drag our suitcases down four flights of steps (at least it was down!). We would definitely recommend the Sanctuary Hotel to people who want a reasonable hotel with great location.	
Nov 29 2005	A nice hotel	We just returned from London and a stay at this hotel. We were travelling with our parents and 2 sons, age 8 and 10. We had 3 rooms, 2 doubles and 1 twin. The rooms were very clean, the bathrooms were a very nice size and the breakfast was very nice. The location was great- just around the block from Westminster Abbey and the St. James tub stop. I would highly recommend.	
Nov 25 2005	Fantastic!!	What a fantastic hotel. We stayed at the Sanctuary House Hotel for three nights in a twin room. The room was big, clean and spacious. The bathroom was lovely and the place had everything we needed. The staff were polite and friendly and check in/out was good. The location of the hotel was the best part, with St James' Park station on the door step and Westminster Abbey down the street. We couldn't believe it when we went for a walk on the first night to be faced with a magnificant view of Westminster Abbey, Big Ben and the Houses of Parliament behind it and a view of the London Eye in the background when we literally came out of the hotel.Our trip was brilliant and the hotel was excellent, we couldn't fault it in any way. We will defiantly be staying there again.	
Oct 27 2005	Really perfect hotel for our trip	My parents and I had a superior room on the top floor with a sofa bed to make a triple, and had an excellent stay in London. The location is great for tourists, within walking distance to many major sights, and within a couple blocks of the Tube.It's true that the area gets kind of dead at night and on weekends, but it's a short Tube ride to any number of evening attractions, and in exchange is very quiet for a good night's sleep. Breakfast was delish -- expensive if purchased a la carte, but if included in the room, why not? Dinner at the pub was also delish -- it's simple food, pub food, but the fish and chips are very good, a fresh and generous serving, and the salmon entree and steak and mushroom pie are also good.My one con was that the sofa bed was a little uncomfortable, but what can one expect with a sofa bed?	
Oct 21 2005	Nice hotel	My husband and I recently stayed at this hotel for 5 nights. We got there early in the morning, but our room was ready and it was of a reasonable size, roomy bathroom, with air conditioning, my husband thought that the bed was uncomfortable, but it felt fine to me. It would have been helpful if there were hooks on the bathroom door to hang your clothes, also drawer/closet space was to a minimum. The staff was very helpful, especially Marilyn who had relatives living in Rhode Island. The other gentleman on duty was not very efficient, having transferred my daughter who called from the USA to the wrong room twice and took ice that we requested to the wrong room. A great location with many attractions within walking distance. Ate at the pub on our first night, the food was not great; we did not eat there again. Although I have read complaints, the lift worked the entire time we were there. Because of its location, I might stay there again.	
Oct 9 2005	An almost-perfect stay	The Sanctuary House is an almost ideal small hotel. The rooms are spacious and the bathrooms are large and immaculate. The service was excellent. Beds were very comfortable. Breakfast is served in the pub downstairs, but you could save a great deal of money if you just stopped at the EAT or the Pret a Manger up the block. (These two chain London lunch places are, in my opinion, humankind's greatest innovations.)The location is excellent for sightseeing -- close to Westminster Abbey and all the government stuff, the Thames and the Eye, and St. James Park. However, there's really not a lot doing in the evening or on weekends, and there aren't really many places to eat dinner nearby (except the downstairs pub, which looked kind of noisy and congested). (n.b. Some good affordable London restaurants that I would recommend are Sofra, Wagamama and Masala Zone.)My one caveat is that security isn't so great. The lobby and front desk are on the first (second to Americans) floor. The entrance is at street level and not visible from the lobby or desk. The front door is left unlocked all night, as far as I could tell. So anyone at all can just walk in, hop into the elevator and go right up to the rooms unseen.	
Sep 21 2005 	QEII Conference Centre	Very handy location for Westminster sights and activities. The room I had was a good size with working air-con which I left on all the time. Breakfast was a bit on the slow side bearing in mind that the restaurant was virtually empty. Nice quiet location with no street noise and very close to St James' tube station. The ground floor is a pub, beer excellent with standard pub grub. It will be much improved when the UK govt decides to ban smoking in enclosed areas. Good price for the location and would stay again.	
Sep 7 2005	Wonderful hotel!	Stayed the night here in August 2005, and found it to be an excellent hotel, in a fantastic location. Staff friendly and efficient, and room very clean. We would definitely stay again. Didn't have breakfast in the hotel, but if it's anything like the rest of the hotel it must be good! Had a meal in the pub downstairs, though, which was very nice, and beer good too. Nice and quiet despite central location - can't think of a downside!	
Aug 11 2005	Perfect local	I took my 15 year old son on his first trip to the U.K. after school let out in June. I chose the Sanctuary House because of the reviews on Trip Advisor. It was as I expected, the staff friendly, the rooms large (as standards are in London), the bathroom was fairly large with a tub, the hotel was maintained very well, it was pretty quite (for being in the city centre), a stones throw from St. James tube station, 1 block to West Minster Abbey. I would not recommend the restaurant downstairs, it's food o.k. but very expensive. There are much better pubs/restaurants around. I wish they would have included a breakfast in the morning with my package.The hotel is in a very safe area and I would highly recommend it to everyone.	
Aug 2 2005	Great Location Price and Breakfast	This hotel is situated perfectly for walking around London--believe me, we did it! My husband and I visited London during the time of the terror bombings, and with so much tension in the air regarding public transport, we decided not to use any, and to walk the city ourselves. Sanctuary House Hotel is situated just south of St. James's Park, only a two minute walk away. Westminster Abbey is also only two minutes down the street. Big Ben and the Houses of Parliament are five minutes away; Trafalgar Square is only 10 minutes away; and Buckingham Palace is only 10 minutes away also. For whatever is too far away to walk, you can take a black cab.The price for this hotel is reasonable in terms of what London hotels cost. The continental breakfast is very sufficient, with cereals, rolls, croissants, toast, fruit, meat, hard-boiled eggs, yogurt, juices, and coffee or tea. The only drawback was that we were afraid to use the elevator because we got stuck in it on our first day, and although we were soon released from it, it scared us into walking up to our fourth floor room! However, this wouldn't stop us from returning.	
Jul 17 2005	Very satisfied	My husband and I spent 5 nights at the Sanctuary House and left saying that we would definitely return there when/if we return to London. It is the best location that one could ask for in terms of walking to sites, or catching the sightseeing buses. We found the Pub downstairs to be very handy at times where there were not other optioins open. It also was a great place to stop and enjoy a glass of wine, when returning back to the hotel after a long day of walking, etc. We did have one bit of excitement our last night there though. We were surprised by a little mouse that decided to run across the floor of the Pub. The barmaid treated us though to free drinks to repair any damage they might have done to the hotel's reputation. OUr room was great, and had a very roomy bathroom, which I understand many European hotels do not. So, for the price, we would definitely recommend this hotel to others who are searching for a well located place, clean, and the right price.	
Jul 14 2005	Was Not Disappointed	I stayed in The Sanctuary House Hotel for two nights in June of 2005. I picked this hotel from the reviews on this site and was greatly pleased by what I found. It has a great location for tourists, around the block from Scotland Yard and two blocks from Westminster Abbey and Big Ben. One block from the hotel is St. James Place Tube station which is very convenient. We had just arrived from Paris and a hotel with no A/C and then to arrive at the Sanctuary House Hotel with it's remodeled rooms and air conditioning was great. The lobby is on the second floor with a pub on the first floor. We ate in the pub our first night there and found the food very good, but the pub is very well used by the locals and very loud. Even as loud as the pub was, we were unable to hear much of the noise in our room two floors above. In the area of the hotel there are other dining options, we tried a Italian restaurant suggested by the hotel and again was very pleased. If I'm in London again The Sanctuary House Hotel will be my first choice for lodging and should be yours, not only for the clean rooms and great location but also for price, which is hard to fine in London.	
Jul 6 2005	Convenient location	Having travel before to Europe, I expected a few quirks while stayinig at the Sanctuary House Hotel. I did not expect to find washcloths or a bath mat (as is the european custom) and I was not disappointed. My best advice is for any one interested in staying here (or any other european hotel) IS TO BRNG YOUR OWN. The bath towels provided were better than expected.Unfortunaely the lift (elevator) broke down twice. With a room on an upper floor it was a very long walk in the heat. It appears from reading other reviews tha the lift has broken down before. The front desk was very apologetic about this but I prefer getting it fixed and having the lift stay fixed.I was very impressed with the room. It was quite clean and comfortable. The bathroom was exceptionally large with a warming towel rack (although I could not figure out how to get this to warm up). Don't be surprised to hear the television sound coming from the bathroom as there is a speaker in the bathroom which makes for an uniqure bit of entertainment when using the facilities.The location is quite good. The St. James tube is just 1/2 block away. The major sites of the Westminster area (Westminster Abbey, Big Ben, House of Parliament are all with walking distance.My room rate included a full continental breakfast. Fresh fruit was available (apples / bananas) which makes for a nice item to take with you for eating later on during your travels.I found the staff very friendly and helpful when asking questions. For the price, location and cleanliness you will find a stay at the Sanctuary House Hotel worthwhile.	
Jul 5 2005	Fantastic Find!	We stayed at the Santuary House Hotel for 4 nights in June 2005 and what a great find it was! I would normally opt for a Travel Inn or something similar but decided to book Sanctuary House after reading the Trip Advisor reviews - and I'm glad we did! We booked through Hotel Connect and got continental breakfast included in the price. The hotel is in a fantastic location just round the corner from Westminster Abbey, Houses of Parliament and Big Ben. It is also within walking distance of Buckingham Palace, Trafalgar Square, etc and minutes from an underground station. The room was clean, well furnished and had air conditioning (vital for the hot weather we had during our stay). The bathroom was equipped with bath and shower and was also clean. The staff we dealt with were all polite, friendly and efficient. The continental breakfast buffet served in the pub below the hotel gave us plenty of fuel to keep going till lunchtime - it included cereals, fruit, cheese, croissants, rolls, yoghurts and fruit juices. You are also served tea or coffee and toast. You could also order from a cooked breakfast menue for extra charge. We had a meal in the pub on one night of our stay and this was also great. Overall I would thoroughly recommend a stay at Santuary House - shop around for a good deal and you won't be disappointed.	
Jun 30 2005	Great Location	Thank you to all who left a review on the above hotel. After reading these we booked on this site and were really pleased with the location. You can walk through St James Park to Trafalgar Square in 15 minutes. Its close to the Eye and Covent Garden. Breakfast is served in the bar downstairs, this is not a problem as the bar is closed during this time. Would recommend the Fifth Floor at Harvey Nichols for food and if you have young children they would love The Rainforest Cafe.	
Jun 19 2005	A great find!	My husband and I stayed at Sanctuary House Hotel from May 24 - 31. It was my husband's first time in the UK. I chose this hotel based on the reviews here, and it did not let me down. Its location is an ideal spot for someone who has never been to London. Our room and bathroom were a comfortable size, which surprised me because of the location, and the bed was fine. Everything was spotless. The elevator was out for a couple of days, but we were comped one breakfast because of it. My only quibble is the lack of nightlife. The hotel is in a business district, so the sidewalks roll up at night and there aren't too many places to eat dinner nearby (that we could find). Also, a lot of the area pubs were understandably closed on weekends. We just weren't that impressed with the pub in the hotel; it was too brightly lit and it didn't have that cozy &quot;pub&quot; feel. Therefore, we would probably try to find lodging in a more residential area next time. But aside from that, we had a terrific experience in every way.	
Jun 14 2005	Fine Place to see London	My sister and I stayed at the Sanctuary House from June 3-6, based on reviews on this site and postings in the forum. We found it lived up to its reputation. The rooms were always clean and comfortable (our beds were fine!), and the staff went out of their way to be helpful. As it was a weekend, breakfast was included and was nice. If we had had to pay the price listed, we would have gone just down the street to one of the nearby places to eat. The nearest tube was closed during the weekend we were there, but with the help of the staff, we rode around on the buses, and walked to many places like St. James Park (just down and across the street) as well as Westminster Abbey. My sister and I are both in our mid seventies; so I can say it works well for older travelers and was a wonderful price for this area of London.	
Jun 9 2005	Best location for first-timers	We picked the Sanctuary based on Trip Advisor reviews. Turns out to be a block away from Westminister Cathedral, 2 from Parliment, Big Ben and the Thames. We grabbed a double-decker bus there and saw the rest of the city. After the trip, we were convinced this spot can't be beat.It's rooms are not posh, but large enough, clean and comfortable--nothing tired or dated.We ate at every pub in London, and the Sanctuary's was as good as all but the most expensive. If we go back again, I won't check anywhere else.	
Jun 8 2005	pretty good	Very nice rooms, and bathrooms, sorta hard but nice spacious beds, breakfast is a no go here, but good places a half block up. Yup, we would go back. DECENT DIGS! Middle class plus. CLOSE to good sights. A nice treat. Hope this helps.	
Jun 7 2005	Came as advertised.	We stayed in this location, in room 302 from May 31st until June 5th. I will echo many comments that I have already read. The rooms are pretty clean and spacious. I was particularly impressed with the size of the bathrooms which in many cases in Europe they are barely maneuverable. The front desk was helpful with my requests (they don't have an iron in the room but I was given one within minutes of my asking). The one complaint I have would be about the bed... it was very uncomfortable. I don't have any back problems but it was killing me every morning. This is not a hot spot for night life so that may be either positive (quiet, safe) or negative (no place to eat late night, no clubs to trip home from) depending on what your personal style is like. The tube very close by which is a great help to get you where you want to go and Westminster Abbey is at the end of the block so this hotel is great for those who are looking for quick and easy access to the sites. All-in-all it is a great hotel for those are looking for a reasonably priced stay in a very expenisve city.	
Jun 4 2005	Great location!	We stayed at The Sanctuary House Hotel from May 24-28, and were so pleased with this find. Our thanks to Trip Advisor for helping us discover this great hotel. The location was fantastic -- just a block from one tube stop, and very convenient to two others. Plus, we were within easy walking distance of Westminster Abbey, The London Eye, Big Ben, and so much more. The room itself was more than adequate in size and appointments, and we were thrilled with the great shower! Even with the addition of our daughter's roll-away bed, we had plenty of room to maneuver. Although the elevator was out for a couple of days, this small inconvenience didn't lower our opinion appreciably. We highly recommend this hotel, and can't imagine getting a better one for such a reasonable price in a London we found to be extraordinarily expensive!	
Jun 1 2005	Overall a great hotel for price and location	I stayed here for a week (5/22-29) with my mother as we were in town to attend the Chelsea Flower Show. We liked just about everything about the hotel. Considering the poor exchange rate right now, this hotel offered us a good price as well as nice, clean rooms. We reserved an executive twin. It was a good sized room by European standards. I have stayed in quite a few different hotels in London and can safely say this is at the top of my list to return to. Only problem? Well, the elevator was broken for two days and we were on the fourth floor. And my mtoher is 83 years old! Fortunately she is fit and in good health, but it was still difficult for her. But those things can happen in any small hotel and it doesn't change my view of the establishment. We loved the pub downstairs as a lovely place for a glass of wine at night or a reliable dinner when we returned from a day out and about. Yes, it's pub food, but pretty decent pub food I'd say! And friendly wait staff.The night before we checked out I asked them to call a cab for us at 6am. When we got downstairs at 5:50 am the cab was there as well as the front desk person ensuring that we were taken care of. Yes, some of the desk staff was new or english was not their first language, but they tried hard and wanted to help.	
May 19 2005	Good location need a little customer service help	We stayed in room 303 from May 1 to May 5 and again from May 9 to 13, the 'double superior' room with the king size bed. The room was ok and the bath was decent, except for the very squeaky floor -we were afraid to go in there at night so as not to wake the neighbors. The bed was comfy for me - soft - but my husband hated it. The rooms was clean but had a strange smell the first few days we were there. Not sure if it was leftover from previous occupants or a maid with really strong perfume. Our main concern was with the hotel staff. First, if you are a maid and you see a 'do not disturb' sign on a door, do you still try to come in? Um, no! Luckily we put the chain on the door. Then the front desk staff was a challenge. They were not very informed about things and English wasn't their first language so trying to understand a Russian with a somewhat stilted English accent was somewhat difficult. They all seemed to be new at their jobs and learning on the job. They had a hard time understanding that we wanted them to call a taxi for us one evening - kind of frustrating. I was surprised they couldn't point us in the direction of any restaurant open after 9:00pm. Does everyone in London stop eating at that time? They were very friendly but just need a little more training and a good course in London attractions and how to help their guests get on the tube, find a restaurant, etc.The pub downstairs was nice. Food was decent but stay away from breakfast. Much too expensive for what you get. A much better deal is to go around the corner to Cafe Fresco. A full, good English Breakfast for only 4 pounds 50. Much, much better.The location is great (kind of cool to hear the Big Ben bells chime at night) but again beware that there are no restaurants around there if you are late eaters like we are. We'd hop on the tube and go to Victoria area (1 stop away) and there were lots of restaurants there. ASK is good Italian at a resonable price.Overall recommended for cost, location and friendliness.	
May 12 2005	Very Nice Hotel - Quiet and Clean	The Sanctuary House is a wonderful find in London at a relatively modest price. It is literally just down the street from Westminster Abbey and Big Ben in a great area that is very quiet at night. Our rooms were well-appointed with firm beds, spotless bathrooms and great water pressure. It has all the amenities you could want from a moderately priced hotel and let's face it, when you are in London you don't want to spend very much time in your room. The staff was pleasant and helpful. Our rooms included continental breakfast which was served in the pub downstairs. They had an above average selection of breakfast type food that could be supplemented with eggs, bacon, sausage, etc. for an additional cost if you wish. My teen-age nephews were very happy with the selection of breakfast cereals available as well as their perfectly prepared hard-boiled eggs. What's not to love about this hotel...I will be back. Closest Underground: St. James, only 2 blocks away	
Apr 25 2005	What a location!	Two blocks from Westminster Abbey and Big Ben. Breakfast is included in this very clean, very nice, and very cozy hotel. The underground is less than 2 blocks away, and everything seems to be in walking distance, including Buckingham Palace and the London Eye. There is a very nice pub located on the ground floor. The staff was exceptionally friendly and helpful while booking on the internet. They were very quick with their e-mail responses. I would highly recommend this charming hotel.	
Apr 24 2005	Exceptional value	This is a well-designed, scrupulously clean and comfortable hotel in an excellent location. Its extremely competitive room rate belies the quality of its furnishings, size of accommodation and high levels of service. I would recommend it unreservedly for business travelers and holidaymakers alike.	
Apr 21 2005 	Great place for first time visitors	Excellent hotel for the price and location. We booked after reading postings on Tripadvisor which is why I feel compelled to leave a review myself. London is so expensive so this hotel is a true deal. Clean, authentic London feel. It was so cute and friendly, loved the pub downstairs, not for the food- just because I liked that it was there. If the pub is not what you're looking for there are a ton more nearby. It is the government business area so it is dead on the weekends- not a place for nearby nightlife. It is walking distance to major tourist attractions. We walked to Westminster Abby and saw Big Ben lit up at night. Also walked to the Thames and London Eye. About a five minute walk. Great place for first time visitors.	
Apr 6 2005	good value for London but inconsistent	We stayed here twice. First time in mid-March. We were given a wonderful, newly refurbished, bright, corner room with a four-poster bed. The second time (two weeks later) we were given a rather ordinary room with a double bed. Room quality was inconsistent despite us paying the same rate. I am unsure if we were up-graded without being notified during our first stay but during our second stay we were a bit disappointed with the room.That having been said, the hotel is good value in a city known for its astronomical hotel rates. We secured a rate at 70 pounds per night on both visits (room only). The hotel is very well located in a quiet part of Westminster BUT within very easy walking distance to the Abbey and St James Park. The St James Park tube station is less than 100m away. Buckingham Palace, Horse Guards, Parliament are a little further away. Several pubs nearby. There is also a good place for breakfast just a block away near the tube station - get breakfast there instead of at the hotel pub downstairs. Food at the pub is lacklustre and the hotel front desk staff tried to be helpful but were not very knowledgable.I would recommend this place based on its value. I would try to get that corner room again though...	
Apr 1 2005	Wonderful location	Just returned from a 6 nite stay at The Santuary House - an outstanding location, b/t Wesminster and St James Park tube stations. St James Park is absolutely lovely, and the proximity to so many sites and conveniences (Parliament houses, Westiminster Abbey (2 blks away), Buckingham Palace, patasseries, shops, etc) made it an excellent choice. Hotel was very clean, quiet &amp; staff very friendly. It's above a small pub, but you cannot hear any noise in your room! Pub food was very good, as well, and their ventilation system allieviated the smoking concern we had for our daily breakfast. We stayed on the 4th floor, twin room, full private bath/shower. Great water pressure, very clean. Beds were firm, comfortable. Would recommend hotel mgmt to include wash cloths w/towels and update cable TV (we got 6 channels, although they list satellite TV for each room). I would highly recommend this hotel and will return on my next visit. For those first time visitors to London, this hotel is an exceptional value (our Easter promotion: 75 pounds w/full breakfast per nite) and the area (Westiminster) is very safe, clean &amp; most centrally located.	
Mar 21 2005	A great value for London	One would be hard pressed to find a better location in London; one block north of Westminster Abbey and Parliment Square. In addition to the great location, this is a very nice hotel. The property is immaculate and the roooms are comfortable and tastefully decorated. I have stayed in London on several occasions, but this is the first hotel I can definitely say I will return to for future visits. One word of advice; the food served in the pub downstair is mediocre at best. There are many pubs within three blocks of the hotel and I suggest visiting them. Specifically, I had lunch on St. Patrick's Day at the nearby Adam &amp; Eve and the lamb and apricot pie was great. For those of you who enjoy Starbucks coffee, there are two stores nearby (though the front desk personnel seem comepletely unaware of there existance), on Victoria St. and across from St. James Park tube station.	
Feb 28 2005	Lovely quiet stay	We stayed in the Sanctuary House Hotel in the weekend of February 25th - 27th 2005 and we had a great time. For my family I reserved three rooms via ---- for EUR 99 per night each and I suppose I could not have made a better choice for this price. The hotel is located on a quiet spot just behind Westminster Abbey and on walking distance of the heart of London. The rooms are more than average, traditionally but tastefully furnitured, quiet and have comfortable bathrooms. The next time in Londen we will return to the Sanctuary House Hotel and I can recommend it to anyone!	
Feb 10 2005	Excellent	This was our first trip to London, and we chose the Sanctuary House Hotel because of the positive reviews on TripAdvisor. We were not disappointed. The location just could not be beat. The hotel is between two tube stops, which made it very convenient. The area is very quiet at night, in fact, the only complaint I had was that there was nowhere to get a late-night snack after an evening out on the town. The staff was very friendly, and the room was clean and comfortable. I am very particular about hotels, and I would return to the this hotel in a heartbeat. 	
Jan 24 2005	Dream come True	I had never been to London and wanted to spend my time out and about in the city and not worried about my lodgings. The Sanctuary House was great. Wonderful location, great staff. Room was very comfortable and super clean. Even the water pressure in the shower exceeded my expectations. Would stay there again in a flash. My whole trip to London really was a dream come true.	
Jan 17 2005	Great Location Good value	I agree with all of the previous positive reviews. We stayed 4 nights (Late June 2004) and we (a group of 7) absolutely found the location perfect!Especially during the Tube Strike!We could walk to most of the places we wanted to see. The open-top bus tour took care of the rest. Westminster Abbey (1 block away) is a must-see. Breakfast was very good and filling, giving us a lot of energy for our sight-seeing. The staff was friendly, and, yes, the Lift did break from time to time. But overall we loved the place. Mary was extremely helpful and funny.We would definitely stay here again when we return!	
Nov 29 2004	A little Gem	Its all true!, Our anniversary weekend (nov 27th and 28th) spent at the sanctuary was very good.The hotel is in an ideal location only yards from WestminsterAbbey,Parliament and other landmarks and yet the street is quiet.The hotel has been refurbished to a very good standard and is a small cosy hotel rather than brash and impersonal.If you want a great place to base yourself for visiting London then I cannot imagine many better Hotels than the Sanctuary House Hotel.	
Nov 25 2004	nice and quiet	We booked the Sanctuary House for our trip based on the good reviews on TripAdvisor and it worked out great. The superior room we had was large with a large bathroom by European standards and the cookies and tea were great to find on the table after a day of walking around! The location was great, near Westminster, and during the weekend was quiet as opposed to the more shopping and entertainment centered areas. Only suggestion is there is very little open to grab a bite to eat right near there. But it is right near a tube station, easy to get around. And a great price, also.	
Nov 16 2004	Great Location !!	My husband &amp; I stayed at Sactuary House from Oct. 13 thru the 20th, 2004. The location was terrific. Westminster Abbey was a block away. The houses of Parliment and Buckingham Palace were nearby. The St. James Park tube station was within a block from the hotel. The hotel was well maintained. The rooms were pleasant and were a very, very good value for London. The staff were willing to accomodate our requests. We ate at the pub at the hotel often since there really weren't many restaurants, other than pubs nearby.The surrounding area is commercial. After business hours it was very quite. We felt safe on the streets. New Scotland Yard is a block away.We had a very pleasant stay at Sanctuary House.	
Oct 26 2004	unbeatable value	We booked a room 22/23 October based on reviews and boy were they right! A super hotel in a super location. A great plus is the parking outside the hotel which is FREE from 6.30pm Friday for the whole weekend! Our room was a corner one on the 3rd [4th US ] floor. Room 303 four poster bed beautiful matching curtains etc. We arrived with not much time to prepare for a show and were really hungry after a 5 hour drive but room service had a hot meal in our room in 15 minutes and a taxi waiting for us after that. Next morning we took a stroll to Big Ben etc.[2 minute walk] and the tate gallery. The undergound station is about 50yards from hotel! Breakfast was ok nothing special but adequate. Found a great indian restaurant about a mile away in Vauxhall Bridge road called Millbank Spice! What a blow out and reasonable price. All in all a great stay in a unique Victorian pub/hotel with all mod cons. We will definitely go again and commend everyone associated with this hotel THANK YOU!!!!	
Oct 23 2004	Amazing discover	I would like to strongly recommend this hotel whatever it would be the motivation that aim you to travel to London.We stayed in Sanctuary House Hotel for three nights, in October, 2004.First of all, I want to remark the excellent location of this hotel, only 300 m away from Westminster Abbey and less of 100 m from Saint James Park Tube Station.We lodged in a triple room (twin beds + folder bed) in the first floor, just above the Fuller’s pub. Climatic comfort was good (air-conditioner system was standard) and the room seemed to be recently refurbished. Everything was clean and we only can criticise the cheap-looking material covering bathroom floor. By the way, the bathroom was tiny but more than enough for our needs. We also can found a new cake of soap every day.Related to breakfast, the continental breakfast was OK, with reasonable quality but not very much variety of products available. But that was not a problem because we had included in our booking a full English breakfast. This breakfast was just incredible as you could combine the buffet food with a high variety of hot dishes. Very taste and valuable.Concerning people behind the desk, we found gently and helpful attention. We kept our luggage in the hotel until 3 pm, four ours after our checking out, so we could enjoy of a comfortable latest morning in London. We also have to mention that, at least, two receptionist spoke Spanish correctly.To finish this revue, I have to pose that paying 110 GBP per a triple room (weekend rate) and 145 GBP (ordinary rate), including a really full English breakfast it’s a very good value for London.	
Oct 16 2004	Good value in London	We stayed at Sanctuary House for 5 days in early August. Our executive room was small but comfortable, and we were very glad to have airconditioning, as the nights were very hot. The hotel is close to Westminster and the Houses of Parliament. The only real negative is that the accommodation is on the floors above a very noisy smoke filled pub, and there are very few other eating places within (safe) walking distance.	
Sep 30 2004	Just like home	My parents and I stayed at the Sanctuary House Hotel from July 31st-August 9th, 2004. It was a small 34 room hotel well located. It was walking distance to Buckingham Palace, Westminster Abbey, Houses of Parliament, Big Ben, The London Eye, London Aquarium, the Underground Tube station etc... The hotel staff were very friendly. Simone from Fullers went out of her way one day when we came back from Rome, Italy and we didn't make the continental breakfast. She brought us up breakfast. It was the best breakfast we had in years. Soraya from the hotel front desk was also amazing. She gave us so many wonderful tips for London and went out of her way to get us help. She spoke spanish which made my parents feel at home. I would definetely stay there again. I	
Sep 28 2004	Thanks Trip Advisor	This is a nice hotel. Book your room early, things were busy when we visited in Sept. Nice room, clean, very quiet, and friendly staff.A block away from the tube, close to Westminster Abby and Big Ben, located in the center of town.A nice stay at a reasonible price.	
Sep 27 2004	Fabulous location 	My husband and I returned to London for a few days, apart of our 2 week UK trip. We were very pleased with the hotel in most everyway.First we loved the fact it was just a block away from the St. James Tube, a stop or two away from anything in Central London (Parliament, Westminster Abbey, London Eye, and Victoria &amp; Jubilee lines). We actually walked to Buckingham Palace, taking a leisurely 15 minute stroll through the Park just two blocks north. Foodwise, there are plenty of Pubs &amp; delis all along the immediate block or two. Their &quot;fast food&quot; is far fresher than ours I have found, so the Prawn or Club sandwich was always a welcomed easy choice on the run (their bacon puts ours to shame). Only keep in mind because it is in Central London, there are less businesses open on weekends, but you still have options (just not as many). There is even a dry cleaner &amp; laundry service a 1/2 block away, but we did not have a chance to use it since it was closed Saturday afternoon &amp; all of Sunday (we were there for the weekend). The small convenience store was nice because my husband was longing for a Dr. Pepper, of which they had plenty.The only possible minus one might see in our stay was the elevator (lift). It was more out of service than in, and we were on the 5th floor...we aren't exercise nuts by anymeans, but I do think we Americans get too used to conveniences. So we just bowed ourselves up that this would not weigh much on the disappointment scale and we were right. They daily would attempt to fix it, and something else would go wrong with it after it was fixed. Other reviewers have mentioned this situation, so we really knew this was a possibility anyway when we booked this hotel.Aside from the lift, which to us is not a true minus, we will book this hotel again on our next trip.	
Sep 1 2004	Great location great price just please do something with that pub!		
Aug 16 2004	A Perfect 10		
Jul 25 2004	A Find!		
Jun 29 2004	Personality Plus		
Jun 22 2004	Great location large rooms		
Apr 27 2004	An Inn over a Pub		
Apr 25 2004	Fantastic location clean room.		
Feb 17 2004	fantastic location fantastic rooms		
Oct 13 2003	GREAT deal - will stay there again!		
Jul 20 2003	Fine hotel at a reasonable price for London		
Aug 22 2009 	Excellent !!!!		
Apr 5 2009 	???????????		
Mar 23 2009 	Perfettissimissimo		
Feb 16 2009 	Hotel chaud et Pub froid		
Oct 22 2008	Al lado de Westminster		
Sep 24 2008	??		
Sep 11 2008 	Nickel		
Jun 27 2008 	CHARMANT HOTEL CONVIVIAL ET TRES PROPRE		
Nov 5 2007 	excellent choix pour le prix		
Oct 13 2006 	Un'ottima scelta		
