	On the slide	This hotel is on the way down. We have been going for several years and it started off as a great value find. Time passes and standards slip. Dirty towels, disinterested staff, no staff on Reception...no sense of Service	
Nov 18 2009 	Decent hotel very quiet area	I stayed at Jury's Inn Chelsea in November 2009, I thought the hotel was good although it was in an area of London that appears more commercial than residential at present. The rooms were basic but clean, I had booked a single, the room had both a double and a single bed. The flat screen TV had a good selection of channels. The bar was OK and had a few guests in it until late. Walking around the neighbourhood I could not find anything open by night (and it didn't look like there was anything to open by day for that matter).The new Imperial Wharf overground station has just opened up, this is less than 100m from the front door of Jury's Inn (the building across the courtyard from the station entrance backs onto Jury's). Day train services were fine, evening services were patchy though, some waits were as long as 25 minutes between trains. It is only a single stop to West Brompton Station (District Line) or about 3 stops to Shepherd's Bush (Central Line). It is a zone 2 station and the London travelcard is valid on this line.Hotel was good value for simple accomodation, make sure you can live with the evening train timetable though.	
Nov 15 2009 	Superb value - Ticks all the boxes	I occasionally have to stay in London on business, this hotel has become a fairly regular haunt for me, I have stayed in quite a few!!The location is not necessarily it's main selling point, however this has now improved apart from getting the normal taxi or bus, there is an overland train very close by which takes you to West Brompton tube station. This is a new conveniently situated station.Sometimes I have to take the car, luckily a good secure car park is close by.The overland destination for the train is Stratford so for the Olympics in 2012 this hotel is a must place to stay.The rooms are comfortable, the staff unintrusive and very polite, I cant praise the 'value for money' aspect enough.The only criticism was the full English Breakfast, it was appalling, (Jurys please read this and improve it!!) The food items were cold, not ,not, good.However I will continue to stay there but probably not when the Olympics are on because this hotel is going to be very very busy.	
Nov 3 2009 	Great Value for Money in Chelsea	We stayed at the Jury's several times with our children and are back again with another family in December. Yes this hotel is fairly basic but what value for money, great location, parking a 2 min walk away, enough space in the family rooms and our children always enjoy the buffet breakfast. On the rare occasion we have encountered a problem, it has been dealt with quickly and efficiently.	
Oct 30 2009 	FANTASTIC ! hotel on a budget !!!	It was our first time in london,on paying for a cheaper hotel deal i thought &quot;you pay for what you get&quot; HOW WRONG WAS I !!!!we had a lovely family room with a BIG bathroom (wasn't ready in time,but we went out sightseeing). staff were very very friendly and helpful with directions.Requested extra pillows were sent up to room in 5 mins.ate in the bar everynight very reasonable indeed.i would return there again for another trip in the future.C2 bus stop and overground train around the corner,very handy.A trip switch plunged us into darkness one night in our room and the key didn't work on another night but staff were quick off the mark with help,added to the fun !!The only few niggly things were (and doesn't put me off visiting again was that some of the bar staff spoke little english,which was frustrating when ordering drinks,one actually cursed under his breath when we sent back a flat coca-cola and another i saw swept the restaurant table with a floor broom !!!(as a chef with 25 years under my belt ,not good practice !!).But on the good side a waiter called sandeep shetty (think thats right ) worked most of the days in the hotel and was brilliant helping serve us and a new member of staff, who had just started he is a credit to your hotel.I HAVE NO HESITATION IN RECOMMENDING JURYS INN CHELSEA !	
Oct 29 2009 	Good value; out of the way location	My husband and 2 grown children were in London recently to see the NE Patriots play at Wembley Stadium and to go to a Chelsea Premier League match; we got a great deal at Jury's in Chelsea with a British Airways package. We arrived at the hotel at about 6AM and the front desk clerk was kind enough to allow us to check into our rooms immediately. We were able to rest and shower and by 10:30 we were ready to go and explore London. That little bit of rest and clean up after our long flight made a huge difference in how we felt the rest of the weekend! The hotel is equivalent to a Hampton Inn or Holiday Inn Express in decor, but it was clean and the rooms were a decent size for the UK. Internet is about $15.00/day. Breakfast was OK, but the one dinner that we had was just fair.The main drawback was the location - the new Imperial Wharf station of the Overground is right across the street, but the trains do not run often enough. And, we were coming back to the hotel on our last day and the station was announced as the next stop, but the train did not stop; we sped through the station and we needed to take a taxi back to the hotel from the next stop.The Fulham Broadway stop of the tube is a good 10-15 minute walk, and after a day of walking all over the city we just grabbed a cab back to the hotel from there. There aren't any restaurants or places to shop within a close walk. In a few years, when the area is developed, it will be a great place, but for now, I think I would rather be someplace with more to access right from my &quot;home base&quot;.We found most of the staff to be quite helpful. We realized that our room phone was not hooked up and the desk clerk came up immediately with a screw driver and fixed it.We love London and plan to come back, but will probably stay somewhere else closer to a tube stop.	
Oct 9 2009 	stay if the price is right	We'd stayed here in February 2009. The place is pleasant and quiet. The outside exterior looks nice.The room was okay but furniture, upholstery, and equipment were a bit old/stale. The elevator seem slow. The coffee pot was dirty and coaroded. The people were friendly but did not go out of the way to help. We asked for directions but I do not think they are well-versed in where to go for certain destinations. For the price (2 for 1 specially), the price couldn't be beat especially with free breakfast in our package.There's not much going on around the immediately until chelsea piers opens.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Staff and very Good Hotel	I have just returned from a two-night stay at this hotel as I was attending my daughter's wedding. I can say that the staff were extremely helpful and polite when helping me arrange taxis for lots of people on more than one occasion. The hotel is clean and bright and our room was fine - comfortable and, best of all, quiet as the grave during the night. Breakfast was great with plenty of choices and good hot food. I would recommend this hotel to anyone staying in London especially as a new overground station has just opened next to the hotel. Parking could be an issue as the hotel doesn't have it's own car park and it could be relatively pricey to park at the nearby public car park.	
Sep 22 2009 	2nd time here enjoyed the first time round more!!	Me and my partner stay at Chelsea a week or so back for the second time, but it wasnt the gem of a place as before.Check in wasnt as friendly as last time. Seam as if they were more interested in something other than ourselves. Bedrooms was the same as before. Got a nice corner room, 528, Big bed and lots of windows. So this was a bonus. We still had our print out of the local area and what to do from last time we stay, which leads to saying that it was a shame Gary no longer works there as it was him who took the time to print these for us and the directions were and still are great.But still had a great time seeing the sights again.We dined in the Restaurant this time which the food was good but service was lacking a personal touch. I think the girl who served us spent more time in the Kitchin than she did in the Restaurant. But what came out of the kitchin wasnt nothing to moan about and would dine here again.The bar was quiet, as no football this time, and the barman, Jose i think his name was, was really great. Was friendly and always on the ball when it came to service. Some of the other members of staff should take note from him !!!Other members of staff that we bumped into were all friendly except one rude guy (i think he was indian). Couldnt be bothered to help when we tried to ask him something and on check out the same guy left the poor girl on reception (sorry cant remeber her name but she was blonde) on her on when there was a long que of people.Other than that, i still like the hotel and am looking at other Jurys to stay at when going to other parts of the country.	
Sep 11 2009 	very disappointed all round!!!	receptionist was polite but so slow, the room had an old vomit stained carpet and was right next to the lift on the 3rd floor, all night then from the early morning we had noisy drunks then early travellers using the lift, we ordered a meal from the bar.....only a sandwich each but still took 45mins to arrive at 1100 so not even at a busy time! on checking out we spoke to the duty manager about our stay, he shugged his shoulders and said well someone has to stay in the room!!! unbelievable!!!to top it all, I asked for the bill to be settled using my switch, i've just now found out that the cost was taken from this card then credited as it was then debited from my visa which i reserved the room on! I'd never recomend or stay in one of the groups hotels again.	
Sep 3 2009 	GoodClean And Friendly Staff.	Me,my mum and my son (14) stayed here for 2 days 26-28 August and was very pleased with Jurys inn.The room we stayed in was spacious and very clean and comfortable.the staff was very friendly andi t is about a 10 min walk to Fulham Broadway tube station.will be 100 % staying here on my next London break.	
Aug 27 2009 	Ideal place to stay..friendly clean and convenient	We stayed at Jurys inn Chelsea harbour for our 2 night city break. , having not been to london before was little unsure of which location to stay in, but am glad we found this little gem.....even though a little further away, it was an ideal base, no hussle and bustle, very easy convenient transport to tube station and very clean comfortable accomodation.check in was easy, receptionist was very friendly both at check in and departure, room was fine, lovely comfy bed, and breakfast was served until later in the morning, usual choice of english breakfast or fresh fruits etc, very nice.It was very easy to get around, dont bother with taxis, we purchased the 3 day off peak pass, (you can use after 9.30) for buses, tubes and overground, which paid for itself on the 1st day. the C3 bus to earls court tube comes by about every 5 mins, then hop on piccadilly line to covent garden, soho, leicester square , basically you can get everywhere this way.we used the bus and tube tons, and ate out in covent garden, china town and then made sure we got tube back to earls court in time for c3 bus to bagleys lane, right by jurys inn, this bus runs unitl midnight! you can get anywhere from here, just need to take the 10 minute bus ride to earls court tube, we saw all the major sights, but wear comfy shoes, think in the 3 days we were there we walked a good 20 miles....The car park near the hotel is expensive we parked outside london, at Hillingdon tube, cost £8.70 for the 3 days, then went to ticket office purchased our 3 day pass and got on the tube to earls court, very easy.we saved loads money this way.I would definately stay at this hotel again, it was brilliant for us, and hope to return next year....also the tube nextto the hotel will be open by then, how easy will that be? so easy. I cant wait.....	
Aug 18 2009 	Great location clean hotel	We stayed here for 3 nights with our 12 and 15 year old children. There is no need for taxi's or a car, the C3 bus service is excellent to Earls Court or the 391 to Fulham Broadway, both have regular services and stop accross the road from the hotel. When the Imperial Wharf train station opens later this year, this hotel will be more appealing.Since reading some earlier reviews of the hotel I notice they have reduced their breakfast rate to £8.50 and £4.50 for the kids. Although our room was beside the lift we did not hear one sound coming from the corridor and we were facing the road, again not a sound at night. I would definitely recommend this hotel as a base in London, its not in the heart of the city but is in a lovely area.	
Aug 3 2009	Good Hotel	I stayed at this hotel with my Mum for one night. We were very impressed from the moment we arrived, which was at 10.30am, we were hoping to drop our luggage off and come back ready for check- in, instead we were given the opportunity to check- in there and then, which was lovely.The hotel is relatively close to Fulham Broadway underground station, though I wouldn't call it within walking distance (which is what it says on the hotel website), instead a bus costs £2 an adult for a single journey as they don't do a return. As the hotel is situated just inside Zone 2 of the Underground network it means having to buy a Zone 1 and 2 ticket, which was unfortunate as for the exception of the hotel everything else we were visiting was in Zone 1.The rooms were of a good size, very clean and had everything your would need. Breakfast was also very nice, with a wide variety of different foods to choose from.All in all a very good hotel and I would stay again.	
Jul 28 2009 	Great hotel	I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights while in London to watch Celtic in the Wembley cup. We arrived at the hotel at 11am and we were surprised to find that our room was ready for us to check in, this was a great start to our weekend.We had booked a triple room and were given a room on the 3rd floor, the room was spacious and exactly what we were after for our short stay - clean and comfortable.We travelled to the nearby Earls court Tube using the C3 bus which was very convienient, the hotel will be even more accessible when the new Imperial Wharf station opens.We ordered food from the bar on two of our nights, and the food was delicious and good value. It was also good that you could phone down your food order to the bar and they would ring for you to collect it when it was ready.We really enjoyed our trip to London (Celtic won the Cup !!) and we would stay at this hotel again when visiting London.The only negative aspect i have with this hotel is the breakfast issue, £8.50 is very expensive for a buffet style breakfast alot more people would have this if it was around £5!!	
Jul 26 2009 	Functional 	Because other hotels in Chelsea area were fully booked for Wimbledon fortnight we took 2 rooms at Jury's Inn.It was quite a long walk to nearest tube &amp; there were very few local amenities near the hotel site. Rooms we had booked on line were more expensive (Laura Ashley floor) but we were given standards on a lower floor. After some delays &amp; a long wait at reception we were changed. Hotel was clean &amp; functional but lobby, restaurant &amp; particularly the bar were devoid of any atmosphere or basic style. Had previously stayed at the hotels adjoining Chelsea F.C. which were a little more expensive but well worth the extra.	
Jul 23 2009 	Look no further	How glad I am that I stumbled upon Trip Advisor and the user reviews, especially having experienced more than a couple of disasters in choice of London hotels in the past. Although the hotel location may appear to some to be rather out of the way, this was not the case. The two bus routes which serve the hotel's location are both great services, and can get you to wherever you wish to go. Both Fulham Broadway and Earls Court Underground stations can be reached easily, although Fulham Broadway is barely a ten minute walk. Having purchased the London Visitor Oyster Card before leaving Canada, we found that this alleviated all worries about taking the wrong bus, missing our stop or failing to understand the fare system, allowing one to easily return to the hotel from any point in London. Throughout our six night stay we found the front desk staff to be very friendly and helpful, apologizing profusely that they were not able to offer us earlier access to our room (having arrived at Heathrow at 06:30 hrs) due to their being fully booked during the Wimbledon Tennis week. The room was larger than the average London hotel room, and well equipped. The beds were very comfortable and, thankfully, the air conditioning worked well and virtually silently. The bath room was spotless and spacious, with one of the best showers I've experienced in a London hotel. Although our room overlooked the main road, we were not disturbed by road noise, sound-proofing being more than adequate. All-in-all it would be hard to fault this hotel, except for one small point ..... breakfast! Although the price had been reduced from 10 to 8.5 GBP, this remains rather expensive when one simply desires a freshly brewed coffee and a couple of slices of toast. I can understand charging for a cooked breakfast, but perhaps some consideration should be given to including a Continental breakfast with the room rate. Okay, maybe one other niggle, the card operated room locks should be included in a regular maintenance schedule. We both experienced problems, from time to time, with getting the lock to open as, I noticed, did some other guests with their rooms and also the maid when she attempted to help me gain access to our room. Nothing can be 100% perfect, and I would rate the Jurys Inn Chelsea with 9 points out of a possible 10, and would most certainly return when next visiting London.	
Jul 21 2009 	would stay again	As I walked the death march to this hotel from Fulham Broadway station carrying a 50 pound case, I gave my husband the evil eye for choosing this hotel. As I asked the receptionist where I could find a market and he replied the nearest one was 15 minutes away, my frustation grew and husband's knee cap was in danger. When I went upstairs and saw my room was across from not one, but two elevators, I turned around and walked back to reception and demanded a new room. After about 30 minutes, I got my new room with view of a concrete wall from my window, I was down trodden.. and collapsed exhausted from jet lag... sure I would hate the next two days.Surprisingly, two days later my attitude completely changed as I grew to appreciate the location of the hotel, and I found that I really was enjoying my stay enough to come back! Why did I change my mind? It's on a quiet street that is easily reached by the C3 Bus. The hotel is very clean and the staff is friendly, esp. the bar staff. We learned to stop by the market in Earls Court before taking the ten minute bus trip to the hotel so the lack of market didn't matter since we could plan around it.. As others mentioned, you do have to leave your card in the slot for the electricity to work, but we had two cards so one of us could run out to get ice, etc, We did have to take the bus to Earls Court to get more dinner options, but that was fine overall because the bus came frequently and Earls Court was a hub that allowed us to go to a variety of other venues easily., after going to Kensington and seeing some shifty characters there, I was actually glad to get back to the quiet of Chelsea for the night.Don't be me! Enjoy your stay the first day! If you are arriving in London via any of the airports, just go to the National Express Counter (train ticket counter) in the airport, get an oyster card. It is a reloadable card for tourists and can be used on the subway and the bus You can easily transfer from the tube to the bus using this card- just make sure you put at least 7 pounds on it (it comes loaded with ten). (look it up on the internet for more info).SO get a oyster card, take the tube to Earls Court, exit to the street and look straight across the road for the bus sign for the C3 bus (just download a bus map from the web), take the bus toward the Harbour- that is what the front of the bus says- after about ten minutes, the bus will pass the Jurys-you'll see it on the right (the bus goes underneath a overpass and the Jurys appears when the bus pops out the other side) -press the stop button and hop out and walk the 1/2 block back to the hotel. Its easy! Don't walk from Fulham Broadway carrying 50 lbs like I did! I was intimdated to use the bus- don't be.,, there is plenty of room in for your lugguage! (You can take a cab from FBway for about 7 pounds according to the hotel, but using the bus is easier and cheaper).	
Jul 18 2009 	Convenient for my needs	My recent 3 night stay at this hotel was due to wanting to be close to a friend who lived in Chelsea. I actually found it very convenient to get the C3 bus to Earls Court and then the Tube from there to anywhere. We travelled into the City every day with no fuss or bother. The Hotel was clean and the bed was comfortable. I only had the breakfast buffet once as I did not want a full buffet every day. The buffet price has been reduced to a reasonable amount IMO. Be aware that the room walls are very thin. One night the occupants next door woke me at 2.30am. I think they had just arrived and where excited about their weekend away. After 20 minutes of excessively loud conversation ( i.e. I could hear every word) I banged on the wall which saw instant silence. Hotels cannot be held responsible for inconsiderate guests but adequate sound proofing should be mandatory even for a 3* hotel. I would also like to have had a chain or similar on the door, although I know there was a special door lock.Once the new train line is up and running, this would be a very convenient hotel for the fussiest traveller. I would stay here again. Oh and the local pubs are brilliant!	
Jul 12 2009 	nice hotel but out of the way	We stayed here because we thought it would give us access to the Tube and Wimbledon. The hotel is very difficult to get to with the nearest Tube being a good 20 minutes away and with a heavy suitcase, it was no fun. There is a bus route and taxis but we still felt very constrained. The room was very good for a budget hotel, but I couldn't recommend it.	
Jul 7 2009 	Great no frills hotel	Jurys Inn in Chelsea is a great hotel for a family. We decided to go a step out of the super high prices of London and our gamble paid off. The family room we were assigned was a fantastic size, comfortable (2 adults, 2 children) and clean. The check in staff were great and very helpful with local knowledge and recommendations. This helped us suss out the transport and find a great local place to eat. Indeed you are a little more isolated but the C3 bus to Earls court station and return is very easy as the bus stops are both across the road from the Jurys Inn. The Imperial Wharf is a little dead still but there is a great little park if you have kids and the Wharfside Pub is a nice place to eat. On the weekends heaps of families around and the kids make new friends very easily. The breakfast I cannot recommend. Found the whole thing depressing and food was no better than cafeteria fare. Jury's could do alot better with their restaurants. However, if you are heading to Earls Court station, across the road are bakeries and eateries where you can get a yummy breakfast for much cheaper. The staff commitment to doing their best (except in the restaurants) is easy to see and they are professional, helpful and any requests or quickly responded to. Jurys Inn is value for money if your prepared to add in a little bit of travel time to your schedule. It's just a smidge outside of South Kensington. The difference in prices between the two locations is worth the travel time in my opinion. I would recommend this hotel for families, business travellers on a budget and football fans (chelsea and fullham close by). Not for a romantic weekend but for a weekend getaway where you want to spend your money on doing rather than the hotel - Jury's Inn is well worth the stay.	
Jun 27 2009 	Great hotel for weekend break in London	We stayed in Jurys Chelsea for 3 nights last weekend and all in all thoroughly would recommend this hotel.The welcome at check in from reception was extremely efficient, friendly and professional (we arrived early just after 11am) we were given local maps and directions on getting out and about. The room itself on the 4th floor was excellent. Nice bright room, spotlessly clean and good size.Breakfast was included in our rate and we couldn't fault anything there was continental and cooked selection, fresh coffee and juices and everything was replenished regularly and attentive staff were on hand for any requests. We also used the hotel bar when we got back after nights out in Central London and it was nice to kick back and chill.Location wise it was a 15 minute walk to Fulham Broadway tube station- if preferred, buses also run very frequently and your underground travel ticket can be used. On foot we located bars and restaurants on both Fulham and Kings Road and Eel Brook Common park was a lovely route to the station-when the new station opens I think it will be convenient but would also get out and about in Fulham in the evening...and looking at the planned development on Imperial wharf I would say that this area is going to be a very up and coming location in the near future.Will definitely use Jurys Chelsea again both for general London visits and when we visit Stamford Bridge next season-it is so convenient to Chelsea!	
Jun 15 2009 	Good Value	My husband and I stayed at the Jurys Inn for 3 nights in early June. From Gatwick, we opted to take the easyBus to the Fulham Broadway since this was the closest tube stop to the hotel. At only 4 GBP roundtrip per person, the easyBus turned out to be a great deal for getting to and from Gatwick.The Jurys Inn Chelsea was a good value for the price paid. It is about a 15-minute walk from Fulham Broadway. Although not the shortest walk, it was still convenient due to the number of restaurants in the area as well as grocery stores for those interested in packing a picnic. Also, we were able to take the tube everywhere. For those staying in London for a few days, I’d recommend getting the Oyster card. You must leave a 3 GBP deposit, but when you return the card, you get back the deposit as well as the remaining balance (if any).The service at the hotel was quite good. We arrived around 10am and even though check-in is not until the afternoon, we were given a room immediately. The a/c in the first room was broken but after reporting the problem, they were able to put us in another room within minutes. The room was a decent size (compared to American standards) and clean.Unfortunately, the hotel does not offer complimentary WIFI. The cost is a bit high for internet access – 10 GBP for 24 hours or 5 GBP for 1 hour. There is a computer in the lobby for those without a laptop. I believe that cost 1 GBP for 20 minutes.If you are not comfortable with leaving valuables in the room, the hotel offers its guests use of the safety deposit boxes in the lobby. This is very convenient, especially if you have a laptop you do not wish to carry around all day.If you purchase the breakfast during check-in, it is 8 GBP. Otherwise, it is 10 GBP. We skipped the breakfast because you can get a better deal at one of the nearby restaurants.Overall, we enjoyed our stay at the Jurys Inn. It was a bit far from the major London attractions, which is reflected in the price (and we knew this in advance). That said, if you are looking for budget-friendly, comfortable, basic accommodations, this is a good choice in an otherwise expensive city.	
Jun 9 2009 	Great value but a bit out of the way until end of 2009: new tube stop.	With the exception of the location, I'd strongly recommend Jury's Inn Chelsea. The rooms and hotel generally were clean and pleasant enough; nothing fancy but just fine. There is a nice breakfast buffet for 10 euros if you want to eat more than we did in the mornings. The staff was helpful also. The only downside was that the hotel is located about 10-15 minutes walk from the nearest metro stop at Fulham Broadway. Late at night it was a hassle having to walk back, and a bit disconcerting too, because for the last stretch there is really nothing and nobody around (the upside of which is that it's a quiet location). When the new metro stop is built nearby -- supposedly by late 2009 -- this hotel will be a real gem. But then the rate may well go above the 80 pounds per night which we paid.	
May 31 2009 	Best Hotel for Chelsea FC - C3 and 391 Buses perfect and Customer Service exceptional	Have just returned from a two night stay at the Jury's Inn Chelsea taking in the pubs down the Fulham Road for the FA Cup Final and my fiance's birthday surprise at Sloane Square along with the evening dogs at Wimbledon on Greyhound Derby Night. !What we must say is the Customer Service at this hotel is superb, the rooms though basic are spotless and our room had a lovely view.We have stayed at the higher star Chelsea Copthorne / Millenium Hotels and recommend the Jury's Inn in preference without a shadow of doubt.The C3 bus runs every 5 mins or so to Earls Court and 391 to Fulham Broadway and they start and return bang outside the hotel. It takes away the hectic tube travel in and away on matchday and will 100% be staying at this hotel again.The staff at the reception desk were fantastic and stored not only our cases on checking out but my fiance's birthday cake. The bar staff were excellent and the drinks very reasonable for this part of London.Breakfast was very good with a fantastic selection for everyone, we noticed quite a few children, both Chelsea and Everton fans tucking in happily !The 'room rates' are fantastic given the location and service.We truly hope 'this remains' for when the Chelsea Harbour Station opens and the Imperial Wharf River development is completed this will become a very desirable area indeed.The walk in the sunshine to Chelsea's ground is only about 15 to 20 mins if one is happy to do so !All in all this is an excellent hotel with people who deserve to be commended by the Jury's Inn company. We had a lovely stay and wish to thank all the staff at in our eyes Chelsea's NO1 hotel.	
May 29 2009 	Excellent hotel	We had a problem with the bathroom fixtures which was immediately resolved by the duty manager.The location was not as convenient as I'd wished but that was my fault as I obviously wasn't vigilant enough when booking . It turned out fine though.Restaurant was very good although not high profile enough in the hotel. Imperial Wharf has some really good restaurants, mainly Young's which we visited twice. Excellent food and staff.	
May 29 2009 	Clean 	This is a clean, tidy &amp; well presented hotel. We didn't have much contact with the staff but what little we did have was positive. They were polite, helpful &amp; friendly.We had two rooms on the 5th floor which were of a reasonable size. The beds were comfortable &amp; there were tea &amp; coffee making facilities in the room. (No biscuits though). The TVs were not flat screens &amp; the choice of channels was a little limited however I wasn't there to watch TV so it didn't really matter. The bathroom was functional if a little basic, there are better bathrooms in some of the other Jurys hotels. The fan wasn't very powerful which left the bathroom steamed up for a while after taking a shower.We didn't pre-book breakfast so this cost us £10 per person. The dining room was bright &amp; spacious and you could help yourself to cereals, fruit, yoghurt, traditional english breakfast with toast, tea, coffee &amp; fruit juices.The nearest tube station is Fulham Broadway which takes 10-15 minutes on foot. There is also a regular bus service approx 100 yards away. There isn't much to do outside the hotel, it's situated in an quiet location which is clearly in the process of a large regeneration project. A small railway station approx 200yards away will be completed in late 2009 and will improve links to the tube stations.All in all, this is a pleasant hotel in a quiet location. The only point I would make is that it can take a little while to get into town from here. As long as you're prepared for this then this hotel will be a good choice.	
May 22 2009 	Good hotel location would stay again	First time to London, found the room excellent, and the staff extremely helpful especally &quot;Magdealena&quot; at the counter. Location was next to the C-3 bus line that took us right to the tube and back. Only bad mark was their &quot;Innfusion Restaurant &quot;, the dinner service there was poor and the dinner was only fair Their large greek salad is the same size as the dinner salad at 3 times the cost and they use black olives from a can. But there is a excellent Pub down the street called the Lots Sreet Pub, that has great food. Would definitely stay here again.	
May 12 2009 	Very good value for the money	My husband and I stayed at Jury's Inn Chelsea for five nights to celebrate his birthday and just returned yesterday. We were a little alarmed at some of the comments regarding the hotel, particularly the service. We found that all the staff we met were helpful and professional. We have stayed at hotels in England, France, Spain and Italy. The staff at European hotels do not typically show customers to their rooms, nor give them tours of the facility. They do, however, respond to requests for information/assistance, usually cheerfully, and almost always politely. This was the case at Jury's Inn as well. We met the wonderful Gary, and he was all that was described, but the other staff were also polite and accommodating. We were able to check in as soon as we arrived, although this was at 11:00 AM. This was a pleasant surprise; we don't expect to be permitted to check in before the stated time, whether or not we have flown cross-Atlantic that day.The hotel is quite far from the main tourist areas of the city. We purchased a Travelcard for the bus and tube, and took them all over the place. The bus which stops almost in front of the hotel does take you to the Fulham Broadway tube stop, or another one will take you all the way to the Earl's Court station, which connects to two other lines. We also walked to Fulham Broadway at least half of the time, and found it took us only about ten or twelve minutes. Staff at the desk will be happy to provide you with an area map of Fulham, since standard guidebook maps show only Central London.Our room had both a twin and a double bed, and it and the bathroom (fairly good size, average fittings, only one small shelf) were scrupulously clean and well-maintained. It was very large by three-star standards, with plenty of room to move around. There is not a chest, and the only drawer is a small one in the desk. There are also two shelves, also very small, in the closet area. We decided to just live out of our suitcases, and didn't really mind. There is not a safe in the room, so we got a safe-deposit box at the desk. There is no charge for this service unless the box key is lost.Our room fronted on the street. There was some street noise from the roundabout just below, but not enough to bother me (and I'm a light sleeper). There was almost no noise after about 10:00, and it didn't start extremely early in the morning. The air conditioner/heater worked very well, and the higher fan setting worked as a kind of &quot;white noise&quot; as well.Having booked through British Airways, we had the full breakfast as part of our rate. The food wasn't gourmet, but was adequate and had a fairly wide selection, including hot porridge, fried or scrambled eggs, ham, bacon, sausage, breads (with a toaster so it's hot when you make it), fruit, pastries, juices, and hot beverages.All in all, this hotel suited our needs perfectly. If you are likely to want to go to town, or even up to Fulham Road for the restaurants (Nando's in the mall is just major fun and good food at a low price) or shopping more than once a day, I would seriouly suggest buying a Travelcard. The cost is well worth it; we think it saved us perhaps twenty to thirty pounds.All in all, Jury's Inn delivered what they advertised, and responded graciously to all of our requests for help/service. A bonus for us was the many nationalities of the other guests. Many Britons choose to stay here as well. This adds to the experience, as far as we're concerned. We are glad we chose it.	
May 6 2009 	Good inexpensive option	We were a party of 5 (including a child) and spent 4 nights at this hotel, we had two adjacent rooms with a door between them, which was convenient. One room was for disabled people, so it was rather large, especially the bathroom. Rooms faced the rear of building, so the view was not very nice, you may want to ask for a front room.The bed was comfortable, the room had a desk, hairdryer, tv, phone, pricey internet (10 pounds per day) an electric tea kettle, and some tea and instant coffee. The bathroom had those refillable soap containers (not the tiny samples). Towels and linens were fine. The room was fairly clean, no in depth cleaning, but it was perfectly acceptable. The front desk staff was efficient, they came quickly when we complained that they hadn't unlocked the door between our rooms as we had asked. Some in our party had breakfast at the hotel, the buffet was reasonable, nothing fancy, but enough to get you going (juice, coffee, eggs, beans, bangers, blood sausage, fruit, cereal, bread, butter). A bit expensive for what you got (10pounds per person). There is also a bar/restaurant where you can have something basic for dinner. Nothing fancy either, but reasonable. If you want to have dinner nearby, I recommend Memories of India on the River, just 2 minutes away, in the buildings by the river, called Imperial Wharf. We had dinner three times at this Indian restaurant, the food was very good, and so was the service. The hotel is modern, basic, but reasonably comfortable, and it came with an attractive rate (we paid 79punds per night per room, breakfast not included, which for London is pretty good, I believe). The area is not in the hustle and bustle of London, but it's not unpleasant either. If you want a lot of pubs/restaurants near your hotel look elsewhere, as there's really nothing around, yet. But if you travel with children, as we did, this is a good option. I recommend morning walks along the Thames, just 1 minute away, really beautiful. I heard they're building a tube station, for the meantime buses 391 and C3 take you to Fulham Broadway and Earl's Court (respectively) where you can catch the tube. It's a shorter ride if you take # 391 (about 5 min), against 10-15min on C3. Overall a good find in London, especially for families, and at a very reasonable price.	
May 4 2009 	(At least) Front rooms are nothing for light sleepers	I stayed at the Jurys Inn Chelsea for three nights at the end of April 2009. I dont know what was going on in the area, but apparently the hotel was fully booked. So the room i got at first was # 102.: A room equipped for physically handicapped people. So it was very spacy. Even though it has a ‘view’ to the yard behind the hotel, you quite distinct here the sounds from the street (i'll get back to these later on). If you pay your internet access cash (which i did because of one of the other reviews here) they obviously expect u too use the wireless lan (named 'tsunami' if u need to know): u get a username and a password - which is useless for the also available wired network, since u can only press 'purchase' on the login screen there and get your www-access charged on the room bill. The room had a TV with only 6 channels – i got to see Chelsea-Barcelonas 0:0 though.I had two problems with this room:1st - every once in a while i got to hear a very strong electrical noise, like from a high-power current transformer. It seemed like its origin was the (turned off) air condition. I had problems gettin to sleep (what isnt unusual to me) but also awake from that noise at 5.30 am (and THAT IS unusual to me).2nd - The toilet worked only 1 time before it decided not to flush again. I recognized this at the mentioned 5.30 am and went down to the reception to report it. They promised to get this fixed by maintenance. As i returned from the Tower of London that evening, the receptionist told me, everything should work fine again. Which it didnt. So they gave me # 127. Not as spacious but definitly sufficent (double room). Toilet worked ;-) - BUT it has it windows to the front (on the right side above hotels main entrance) and as i wrote above i could already hear the traffic well at the backside. Although the road in front of it (going out of the picture to the left side on the photo i provided) is officially a dead-end street there is a pass-through barrier at the end of it. And so there is busses and taxis driving along. A lot of them – especially (felt) at night. Starting at 10.30 pm on a Wednesday und Thursday night it was like 'taxi rush hour'. And if u know Londons black cabs, you know, that these are not exactly silent. Plus many motorbikes – as they can bypass the barrier without any further efford.I slept better that night. But that was due too a long day walking through London (even got a sunburn!) and the beer at the Inns bistro where i watched Manchester United – Arsenal 1:0 (Sky Sports Bar). This had the disadvantage of only getting lukewarm water in the shower the next morning (around 8.45) *brrr*.So in the end i wouldnt recommend the Jurys Inn Chelsea to a friend, because all my friends have ears that do their job. It was too difficult for me to get a night of good sleep there while not under the influence of alcohol. But if you are kind of deaf: u find clean rooms of a respectable size (mind it is London) with friendly, sometimes a bit grumpy personal (polite but not exactly friendly). PS: if u decide to go there – read the review written by azogal on March 22. It contains useful information on the area and public transport around there, which helped me much. (dont believe it, when u read 'tube nearby' in a review here - its a 20-25 minutes walk if u dont hurry - take the bus).	
Apr 18 2009 	Good value 3 star hotel	We were meeting friends over from Australia to do the usual round of London sightseeing, they had just been on a UK tour which ended at this hotel so we booked to stay there as well.The hotel is everything you would expect of this hotel chain and represents good value for money. The staff we encountered were all friendly and efficient. Unfortunately the restaurant was closed for the evening we stayed but we found an excellent Thai restaurant on Imperial Wharf.We did not like to have to park away from the hotel but the rate was reasonable for that part of London so it was acceptable. After a long couple of days sightseeing the thought of catching a tube and the walk back to the hotel wasn't appealing so black cabs were the preferred form of transport but pricey.Overall it was a good experience and Imperial Wharf will be impressive when it is finished and fully occupied.	
Apr 18 2009	Great Hotel / Great Service / Good Location	I recently stayed at the Jurys Inn Chelsea last week. I really enjoyed staying at this hotel. Gary at the hotel reception desk was great. He always had a smile on his face and suggested great places to go and suggested the best transportation routes to take and he answered all of my silly questions :-)If your looking for a nice, clean hotel that resembles an American hotel (Holiday Inn, Crown Plaza etc) then this is for you. It is very new and very clean. No issues with water or air conditioning. Our hotel room was slightly on the small size but not a big deal. They do offer internet service in the room but you have to pay for it. Also, they have really nice ice machines on each floor that offer - ice, ice water and ice cold water. One thing I really did like, was that they are within walking distance (5 minutes) to a beautiful view of the River Thames. Nice photos!They are close to the underground (subway) and there are two buses that practically stop right across the street from the hotel. You can walk to Fulham Broadway underground station but it is a bit tricky to figure out the route and its about a 20 min walk. Best route is the bus, which stops right across the street, to Earls Court underground and you can go anywhere from there. I would suggest a Oyster card which is like a metro card. You can purchase a weekly, monthly and I think an all day pass too. Again, I would suggest purchasing zone 1 and zone 2. That covers all the touristy areas and you can ride the buses and trains all you want. They are also building a overground train station which is set to be completed the end of this year which is about a five minute walk from the hotel. That should be nice. The area the hotel is located is very quiet and there isn’t too much traffic. There are a few industrial businesses nearby but the hotel is mainly surrounded by houses and flats(apartments). It appears that they are re-building this area from a industrial area into a residential area. I'm a city girl from New York and I had no problems staying at this hotel. If you looking for a quiet area (not too much traffic congestion) but would like to see signs of life then you'll enjoy it here.They serve a hot breakfast every morning but be prepared for a traditional English breakfast. They served scrambled eggs, sunny side up eggs, blood pudding, un-flavored porridge, cereals, un-sweetened sliced fruit, hash browns, bacon &amp; sausage ( beware - they do not look or taste the same as American bacon &amp; sausage) and typical beverages such as coffee, tea, orange juice etc. And my favorite, scones - very tasty :-)Overall, this is a very good hotel to stay at. It was a little bit out of the way but it was worth the friendly people, nearby sights, safety and comfortable stay. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Apr 14 2009 	This hotel does not meet it's 3 star status	The room was very basic. We booked a family room for four , we had a comfortable double bed, a comfortable sofa bed and a very uncomfortable camp bed. These took up most of the floor space. Although we booked for four people, we had only enough towels, tea/coffee facilities and storage space for 2 people. A phone call to the duty manager did not help, we were told this was what was available for all families and could not help us with an upgrade even though we were prepared to pay extra.The only two good things about the hotel were the very friendly and helpful Gary and Magdelena.	
Apr 12 2009 	Great hotel in beautiful area	My husband and I stayed at the Jurys Inn Chelsea from March 21st through the 28th and were very happy with the hotel considering how affordable it was. The only issue we had was at checkin on the day we arrived. There was a very rude gentleman at the front desk who was not interested in checking us in at all. When we arrived around 11:30am, he just stated, &quot;checkin is at 3pm, so you can just wait over there.&quot; He didn't smile at us or even welcome us to the hotel, but simply walked off with a sneer on his face. It kind of caught us off guard considering all the nice reviews. We saw him a few other times during the week, and he wasn't much friendlier to us or anyone he dealt with at the front desk from what we could tell. However, once he left the front desk, a very nice girl took over and checked us in after about 20 minutes and couldn't have been friendlier. Everyone else we came across at the hotel was also so very friendly, that it really did feel so nice coming back at the end of a long day of sightseeing each day or starting out our day in the breakfast area. We had the breakfast package through the British Airways booking we made, and it was wonderful every morning. All the food was fresh and included juices, fresh breads, eggs, sausage, oatmeal, fruit, yogurt, etc. Everything you could want. The bar area was also great. We stopped in once or twice to get a drink or a late night dessert and were always happy. The rooms were very simple, but very clean and always quiet. We got a room near the elevator, and that worried us at first, but we never once had an issue with any noise. The only thing I would suggest is that the hotel get softer, fluffier pillows. Ous were very flat, and not soft or supportive at all. We were always exhausted from sight-seeing at the end of the day though, so it wasn't too much of a bother, but they were definitely not very comfortable. The beds and the comforters were definitely warm and comfy despite the pillows thought. The bathroom had a regualr shower/tub combo and always had plenty of hot water and great water pressure as well. We bought internet access a few times for the room since we had a lap top with us, and it was always fast and very reliable- but a bit overpriced. We got such a deal on the room though, we didn't mind spending a but extra on the internet (10 pounds for 24 hours or 5 pounds for an hour). However, in this day and age, that's a little steep. We also had a wonderful time at the restaurants just around the corner on the river front. The indian restaurant was especially nice and recommended to us by one of the front desk guys the first night. We ate there twice and had no complaints. The prices weren't high at all. We found that eating in Chelsea was much more affordable and less crowded than eating in central London. We had a few very nice dinners near te hotel and the restaurants were perfect for couples. Getting to the Fulham Broadway Tube stop was a piece of cake every morning. We bought a 7 day travel card and just hopped on the bus that comes every 10-15 minutes or so and off we went. It's only a 5 minute ride to the tube station and there is a great grocery store, a drugstore, and a few casual restaurants located in the station if you need any supplies for your stay. The area aound the hotel is spotlessly clean and the neighborhoods are beautiful. We would definitely stay there again if we visit London again. For the price, this place can't be beat. I just hope it doesn't become overcrowded and overly expensive once the train station nearby is completed. For now though, it's a great place to stay. You're 'away from it all' -yet always so close to everything London has to offer. For the most part, the staff makes you feel very welcome, and is alwas happy to help. I am an operations manager for a reputable company in the states, and I have to say, they have a great staff, from the service at the restaurant anfd bar to the housekeeping. Perfect balance. Good job Jurys Inn Chelsea!	
Mar 22 2009 	Basic Comfortable Hotel	We stayed here for free in March 2009 as part of British Air’s London for Free promotion. A few years ago we had stayed at the Royal National as part of the same promotion and this was a much nicer hotel than the Royal National. The hotel is fairly new and the rooms are fairly large and equipped with coffee/tea service. The rooms are basic, but clean with comfortable beds and showers with hot water and good pressure. The rooms didn’t have safes and the internet access was 10 pounds for 24 hours. We should have paid cash for this since the hotel’s exchange rate for putting this on our credit card was the worst rate that we had in London. The continental breakfast included hot and cold cereal and an assortment of fruit and breads.My main complaint about the staff was that they weren’t able to answer any questions. They didn’t know exactly when the water taxi operated (apparently only for approximately 2 hours in the morning and another 2 hours in the late afternoon) or info about the buses or info about the nearby restaurants. On the morning that we checked out, only one person was working at the front desk and the line got fairly long.As everyone has mentioned, the Fulham Broadway tube station is quite a hike and a closer tube station is supposed to open later this year. In the meantime, take the 391 bus to the Fulham Broadway station (take the 391 to Richmond and get off at Fulham Town Hall stop for the tube station…to return to the hotel take the 391 to Sands End and get off at the Chelsea Harbor stop which is to the right of the hotel’s front door). To save a transfer on the tube it is better to take the C3 bus to the Earl’s Court Station (C3 to Clapham Junction and get off at Earl’s Court Station…on return take the C3 to Chelsea Harbor and get off at the Imperial Way stop which is to the left of the hotel’s front door). You can catch both the C3 and the 391 buses at the stop that you can see from the lobby when looking straight out the front door. The fare is 2 pounds. The only time that the bus did not run promptly was the morning that we needed to go to the airport so after waiting for 15 minutes we took a taxi to the Earl’s Court Station and that cost 9 pounds, including tip.There are several restaurants near the Fulham Broadway tube station including a nice (inexpensive, fast, good food, friendly, family-owned) Vietnamese restaurant called Me Me near the Fulham Town Hall bus stop. There is also a pharmacy and Sainsbury’s Market in the Fulham Broadway tube station. The M &amp; S market near the Jury’s Inn is now closed and the Thai, Indian, and Chinese restaurants in the Imperial Wharf development were never open as far as we could tell. We did eat at the Waterside in the Imperial Wharf development and the food was good, but the service was absolutely terrible. If there had been other open restaurants nearby, we would have left. The Imperial Wharf development looks as if it is far from fully occupied which has probably had a negative effect on the M &amp; S market and the restaurants.	
Mar 20 2009 	Great find at a great price!	Stayed at this hotel when attending a friends wedding in London. Great room on the 6th floor, the &quot;Laura Ashley&quot; floor. Considering the very small price I couldn't believe the large corner room with view onto Imperial Wharf development. Very comfortable large double bed, a sofa, 2 chairs, a large LCD TV and plently room to move about. Sparse but functional &amp; clean en suite facilities .Fantastic value all round. Staff were friendly &amp; helpful, especially the chamber maids and front desk. Location only a few minutes walk from Kings Road and Fulham and when they open the overground station at the wharf it will be even easier to get to. Nice waterfront with bars &amp; restaurants and a Marks &amp; Spencer Foodhall just yards away. Recommend this to all my friends travelling to London on a budget.	
Mar 7 2009 	Nice room and not to badly located	We found the check in quick and polite. Two suggestions at check in are to order breakfast for your stay as they will charge 8 ? if you pre book and 10 if you walk in. The next suggestion is to decline their offer to pay in your own currency on your credit card and take the bill in ? as you most likely loose and they win on this, as in our case. They say it is a service so you know exactly how much to pay, but they add more % on their Reuters rate of exchange than the 1.48 added by VISA. Room is very clean and we thought spacious compared to the little tourist class cabins in the city center. Bathroom was clean and nice with loads of very hot water. If you splash on the floor it will stay as there is no drain outside the tub.Restaurant is not much to jump for joy over as it is understaffed and the poor bloke serving also does the bar in another room, so you have to wait and part of your order might be forgotten as with our two Indian Nan bread pieces. We ordered them as a side and were charged 6 ? for those little late arriving pieces of bread! Try the Thank Good Its Friday at Fulham Broadway tube station instead (other places to choose at the station). You will also find some restaurants at the Imperial Wharf complex 2 min walk from reception. Please observe that the Marks and Spencer Only Food (mentioned in another review) store will close.The breakfast comes pre ordered at 8 ? and we were satisfied with it although some what limited in the variety, as at most hotel chains in his segment. It is hot and cold dishes nice bread sorts including an English muffin. Location does call for a travel card if you want to avoid a long (after a days sightseeing walk through London) walk to the hotel. The helpful reception will guide you to the bus going up and down to Fulham Broadway and the fun double decker bus going to Earls Court tube station. The one for Earls Court is about 15 minutes and fun. The one to Fulham Broadway is 5 minutes (traffic permitting). There is a great fun bus going from New Kings Road all the way to Piccadilly Circus we enjoyed this ride a lot as you can get on and off along the route at tempting stores. Reception will know this bus.	
Feb 27 2009 	Good Value	My friend booked for triple for 3 of us (men) over for a Chelsea Match.Walking distance stamford bridge ..if you can share taxi from heathrow is worth it 30-40 pounds. Problem on arrival not overly welcoming manager(no &quot;good Evening&quot; or Welcome etc...didn't bother looking up from his screen) informs us there are no rooms with three beds ..offers us a fold up camp bed(big lads -no thanks)...Excellent Junior Manager takes over says he'll organise a third bed no probs....notice his photo opposite lift &quot;Employee of the year&quot; i think ..no surprise there (Tall Guy Mid Twenties).So cheers for him...big boos for other guy who is in the wrong job. Rooms clean everything works v.nice.Reception will call you a taxi which arrive quickly, buses stop outside , tube about 15 mins walk..nice area.Feels Safe.Restau looks ok ..didn't eat there ..bar ok but shuts early (well.... no residents bar)Overall very good value hotel great for Chelsea matches.....:-)BTW Thumbs down for charging for wi-fi.......	
Jan 28 2009 	Fantastic hotel!	I stayed at this hotel last night, after an evening work event that prevented me from travelling home. I didn't check in until late at night, but my experience of the hotel was outstanding. All the staff I encountered were pleasant, friendly and efficient. My room was the largest hotel room I've used in London and was absolutely spotless - you could have eaten off the bathroom floor. The room was very comfortable and well-appointed, and far superior to what I would have expected from a three star hotel. The only thing that this hotel doesn't seem to offer is room service, but as most room service food is overpriced and distinctly average, I don't think that this is a big loss, and certainly not in the context of all the great things about the place.I caught a taxi to Victoria station in order to continue on to the City this morning, and I only had to wait for five minutes before I could flag one down. You're definitely not in the middle of a bustling area of London if you stay at this hotel, but it's not difficult to catch a bus or walk to busier areas.	
Jan 22 2009 	Great Hotel but no Parking on Site	I stayed at Jurys Inn Chelsea last week for one night. The Hotel is perfect for a one night stay or even a week. The room was spacious and clean and the buffet breakfast was very tasty. The staff were extreemly pleasant and caring and the checkin was fast.My one major disapointment was that there was no parking at the hotel. I had to park accross the road in an upmarket apartment complex. The cost of the parking from evening to the following morning was nearly half the price of the hotel room so it was very expensive. Parking is available on the street but car wouldnt not be safe overnight outside.Overall enjoyed the whole experience but the parking was a disapointment.	
Dec 3 2008 	Exceptional Property	The hotels that we normally stay in London have become too expensive so we took up a special offer from BA and tried the Jurys Inn. This is a property that is very well run. The front desk staff were very good and helpful. The room was like new. The morning breakfast was an an example on how to serve breakfast to busy guests. There is a pleasant lounge. All staff that we encountered seemed happy and enthusiastic. It will be our new place to stay in London.The area in which the hotel is located is very safe. Our family came and went during some late hours. There is a 10-13 minute walk involved to get to the nearest tube station, however, there are lots of interesting shops and places to eat as you approach it.We are visitors from the west coast of Florida	
Nov 28 2008 	Liked it so much I've stayed there thrice!	I have stayed at this Jurys three times. The first time, they'd just opened for business and had a special rate going. When we first laid eyes on our room, we were astonished. Perhaps this was a result of staying at the Fawlty Towers-like Enterprise hotel in Earl's Court for two days prior. The room at Jurys was spacious, clean and beyond comfortable. The bathroom was larger than my den at home!We have a Jurys here in Boston and I have to say the initial interior (lobby, bar, restaurant) is a lot more posh. But the Chelsea Jurys trumps our Jurys on space and comfort. The restaurant, bar and room service were extraordinary.The only downside is the hike you have to make to the Tube station. It's a good 15-20 minute walk to get to the Metro rail but that's obviously not a deal breaker since I've stayed here 3 times.	
Nov 23 2008 	consistent standards	clean rooms,excellent breakfast,good friendly staff especially humpfrey at breakfast-all smiles and welcoming	
Nov 16 2008 	Great Experience at Jurys	A great hotel. Obviously the reviews on the site are spot on. It's in the middle of a really nice waterfront area of London. A 2 minute walk brings you to a nice little shopping area e.g. M&amp;S Simply Food. There's also a lovely walk along the Thames.Staff were lovely. Bar was a bit short on staff, but otherwise a nice environment.The breakfast is buffet, but for the price is spot on.Rooms are above average for London.All in all, I'd thoroughly recommend the hotel. I was there on business, but would be a decent spot for a weekend break, right on Kings Road Chelsea and handy to tubes etc.	
Nov 3 2008 	Good Value and a Good Hotel	I stayed here for 9 nights at the end of September. As noted by other reviewers this hotel is about a 15-20 minutes walk from Fulham Broadway Underground station but I enjoyed the walk there and back – and there is a bus if you really don’t feel like walking.Breakfast was a buffet (great choices too!) and all except one morning I was able to find somewhere right away to sit down.There is a Marks and Spencer Simply Food a few minutes walk away and is very handy for picking up snacks.The brief look around the area (really close to the hotel) for other restaurants produced only a couple but none that I really wanted to eat at so I ate at the hotel on a couple of evenings. I had dinner in the restaurant once and once in the bar. The food was okay, nothing fantastic. I was in room 311 and it was in a quiet location of the hotel. The room looked out into the courtyard so there was no traffic noise. The room itself was very clean and the bed was comfortable. The hotel had a computer for Internet use that was pay per each use - ?1 for 10 minutes. Only a few negative things during my stay. The pillows were most uncomfortable; it’s a good thing that I had a travel pillow as I ended up using that! Most evenings I expected a phone call from home (the USA) and on a lot of the calls they were put into an endless hold so it made contacting me impossible.All in all I would stay here again and would recommend this hotel to others.	
Nov 2 2008 	Anniversary Break	UmranManchesterGreat hotel for families. We decided to book this hotel for an anniversary break.Glad to say that this decision was one that i`ll never regret. The staff in particular were very friendly &amp; helpful particularly towards our two young children.They took time out to assist us on every occasion we needed help as it was our first time in London. Our family room was a good clean sized room.Breakfast was nice without being crowded &amp; no big queues. Would I stay in this hotel again on my next visit to London? Definitely yes!	
Oct 29 2008 	excellent value for money	Stayed here for one night (27th Oct) with my 11 year old son, who I had been promising for years to take on the London Eye &amp; to see the sights. I haven't stayed in London for a long time and was not sure what to expect. The hotel was fantastic, the service we received was so friendly and helpful - thanks so much! The room was lovely &amp; very clean - so refreshing! Didn't eat here, but that was just cause we were pushed for time. Earlier reviews stated that it was quite a way from the nearest tube station (Fulham Broadway), but it really is only a ten minute walk. We took a river taxi into town and back on the Monday night &amp; also back down to the Eye on the Tue am - what a cheap way to travel (&amp; no charge for kids!). What a truly memorable time we had - my son thought it was &quot;so cool&quot;. We will definately be back and also recommending to friends and family - thanks again from one VERY happy mum &amp; son !!! :)	
Oct 25 2008 	Quiet Location and Good Value	Stayed for 3 nights in Room 303. Had researched location beforehand so knew this hotel was a bit &quot;out-of-the-way&quot;. However this was not too much of a problem as the 391 bus service is fairly frequent and takes you most of the way to/from Fulham Broadway Tube Station, where you will also find a profusion of shops. I would advise obtaining a TFL Oyster card for the buses and tube even for short visits to London as cash fares are very high. You can get a refund on the card when you leave London if you are only making one visit. Otherwise it stays valid for 2 years from date of last use.I have stayed in Jury's Inns in Belfast and Nottingham, and Jury's Inn Chelsea was up to the usual standard. The &quot;King Coil&quot; bed is very comfortable, everything works and breakfast is good. The room had 1 single and 1 double bed which is a good arrangement. However during the night there were occasional loud clicks and humming noises coming from a ceiling panel just inside the door which woke me up. The door entry card needed to be reprogrammed at reception every day during our 3 night stay.But these were minor problems. A complementary newspaper was delivered every morning. The immediate area of the hotel is very up and coming with millionaires' apartments in abundance, river walks, sensory garden, and a Marks and Spencer food store.Overall I would recommend this hotel.	
Oct 17 2008 	Value for money in London	I've stayed at the Jurys Inn Chelsea a couple of times and have enjoyed my stay each time. You get a decent sized room for the price you pay compared to other hotels of the same class in London as well as it's relative newness (though it's started to fray ever so slightly as noticed on my most recent visit last week). The staff has always been courteous and friendly. Breakfast is basic but good and is bundled with the British Airways room rate that I use for my booking.Others have mentioned distance to the tube, but I find the 15 minute walk to the Fulham Broaday tube station a nice way to work off some of the breakfast with the option of the 391 bus route always available if you're not so inclined(as well as the C3 to Earl's Court Tube Station). You walk through a home design district with some nice furniture/drapery/fittings shops if you're into that sort of thing and also by the Chelsea Stadium.All in all one of the better hotel values in London.	
Oct 7 2008 	Great Hotel And Value!	I stayed at this hotel a few months ago, it was extremely good value for money. When my wife and i arrived i was treated with a warm smile, i felt very welcomed and acknowleged. When we got our card we went ttraight to our room too unpack or things, we found plenty of space for all of it. The room was a good size and the beds were very comfortable. When we unpacked alour things we went down to the bar for half an hour, the barstaff were very friendly and gave a sense of feeling at home and comfortable. The prices on food and drink were very good aswell.When we went out of the hotel were slightly puzzled on how to get to central london so we went back inside and te receptionist was very helpful to point us in the right direction, we took a bus as our option wich was good.The hotel is a little bit out of the way but we have heard of new transport being available soon. Their is some nice sops down by the river, a two minute walk from the hotel. We went their several times at night to get some bits and bobs.Overall exremely well presented, comfortable and affordable hotel especially for London's standards!I would highly recommend this hotel, and look forward to possibly returning!	
Sep 20 2008 	Great Value	We booked our room through LondonTown.com for 60 pounds/night ! What a great value for London. The room was clean and well appointed, and by London standards the room was HUGE. We had one double and one twin bed in our room. We arrived early (10am) to check in and hoping to have our luggage stored, and they already had our rooms ready! Staff were all very pleasant and helpful. The only reason I did not give this hotel a 5 is because it is off the beaten path, however, the 391 bus takes you directly from the Fulham Broadway tube stop to the hotel in less than 5 minutes. As a side note, the Fulham Broadway is one of the nicest tube stations I've ever been in...they have a Starbucks, Krispy Kreme, and 4 sit down restaurants for lunch or dinner. I have already recommend this hotel to friends.	
Sep 9 2008 	well priced modern hotel	A clean, modern hotel. Tea and coffee making facilities in the room. Comfortable and well equiped with internet connection (extra charge), and hairdryer , TV, airconditioning, keycard locking and good double glazing. We were on the first floor, by the road, but the room was quiet. Our package didn't include breakfast, but we did eat in the bar once, very nice food but the portions weren't huge but fine. The bar was pleasant enough to sit in in the evening (quite busy early evening) and the drinks weren't overpriced.It is in an area where there is a lot of redevelopment going on at present. These are mainly large modern flats overlooking the river. You can walk through the new development in 5 minutes down to the Thames for a pleasant walk along. There are also a few new bars and restaurants on the ground floor of the blocks of flats, and are likely to be more in the future. There's an M &amp; S food store 2 minutes from the hotel for snacks/picnic food and drinks. It's a 15 minute walk to Fulham Broadway, the nearest tube (there are plans for a train link near the hotel). Not an unpleasant walk though, no hills, and you can cut through the park. There are restaurants and bars in Fulham near the station if you don'twant to go into the city in the evening.We stayed in a room for 3, 2 adults and a 12 year old. My son had a proper bed not a camp bed! All in all a nice hotel, friendly staff, clean and comfortable - I would stay again.	
Aug 22 2008 	Lovely hotel	This hotel was smart, clean and above all else the staff were very helpful and friendly! The room we stayed in was a family room with a bath/shower and did i mention it was clean! I can not fault the staff or the hotel and would not hesitate going back to stay. We ate in the hotel bar both nights we stayed and although there was a bit of a wait for the food it was well cooked and inexpensive.	
Aug 3 2008 	Great place for families great value	A bit out of the way, but in a real London neighborhood. Pleasant walk to the Fulham Broadway Tube, or the bus stops right outside. Not touristy at all. Big room, enough for three (myself, my wife and son). A few pubs within walking distance. Closest hotel to Stamford Bridge (although we support Arsenal). Best of all, a GREAT VALUE. And I can't emphasize enough that this is in a real neighborhood where real people live. I'd rather bump into Londoners than tourists!When we return to London (once the exchange rate is a bit more favorable) we stay here, especially with the underground station being built.	
Jul 23 2008 	Good hotel not so good location	Had a pleasant enough stay at this hotel. Room was a bit cramped with a double bed, a single bed and a camp bed for my youngest daughter, but it was spotlessly clean and we weren't in it that often.The breakfast was good for the extra £18 it cost and really set you up for a day of sightseeing.We were at the hotel for 4 nights and by the last day we were all fed up with the travelling to and from the hotel. Although there is a bus stop outside the hotel it does take around 40 mins into the centre of London.I realise that if the hotel was closer to the centre it would cost considerably more so it is a toss up between cost and convenience.	
Jul 21 2008 	Absolutely Fine :- just a little bit out of the way	Jurys is functional enough and looked pretty clean throughout. The area is going through a pretty big development and this can only get better. I understand there are plans for a new station to be built in the future. It is a bit of a hike circa 15 mins walk to Fulham Broadway tube but buses do look as if they go closer. Bar area pleasant enough and the rooms spacious and fine. The best thing really is the price, which for London is competitive. Be interesting to see what happens when the station opens!!!	
Jul 13 2008 	Can not recommend	Sometimes I wonder if hotel staff ever stop to consider how much time and effort we put into selecting a hotel, now that so many of us book our own travel. Whether we are choosing a room based on price or value, location, or comfort, we all are, undoubtedly, looking forward to checking in. The staff at Jurys Inn Chelsea have clearly never stopped to consider the guest.I had any number of disappointments with the staff here: From the apathetic to the oblivious to the argumentative to the rude, but I'll site only one symptomatic experience for the sake of brevity.Upon pulling back the bed cover on Night 1 (of 3), I immediately noticed dried &quot;sexual fluid&quot; on the underside of the cover. This was not a stain, this was right there. I folded it up and placed it in the corner. In the morning, I called reception, and informed them that the cover was not clean and should not be put back on my bed. Imagine my delight when I turned back the cover on Night 2, only to stare straight into the dead eyes of all the little seamen once again. It was bad enough that the housekeeping staff did not inspect the cover on at LEAST two occasions, let alone WASH it, but even after being notified of the situation, they still replaced it on the bed. No one at the front desk had the awareness to follow through and ensure that a clean cover was found, or at least that the befouled one was cleaned.Finally on Day 3, the cover was gone, and there was only the comforter, which not only looked better, but it seemed clean.There is absolutely no reason to suffer this hotel: It is not particularly convenient to anything, it is not a property with any advantages, the staff are unprofessional, and the price is not cheap. (At one point, I accidentally found myself at Jurys Inn Kensington, and it seemed a much different experience. This chain, apparently, has different standards for each property.)	
Jul 9 2008 	Great value and comfort	I stayed at this hotel for a week with my two teenage girls a couple of years ago after booking it through londontown. com, and without knowing too much about the hotel. Guess my pleasant surprise when we arrived ! Because of a great stay back then, me and a friend decided to stay at this hotel when we visited London early this July. Another week - another great stay. A little bit out of the beaten track, but with a bus-stop just outside the door, it's no problem getting to the tubestation since the bus passes every ten minutes or so. Stayed in a family room, which is actually fairly big. Quick check-in, very helpful people at the front desk (especially after we arrived late at night after a rock concert and we where really hungry, and they help us order a pizza delivered to the hotel.....) and clean rooms. No noise, working aircondition and icemachine just outside our room. I've been in London close to a dozen times, and stayed at many &quot;hotels&quot; - but this is the one I will use every time I'm in London. Very reasonable prized (payed £84 a night) and a great bargain. Highly recommended !	
Jul 4 2008 	Good Quality at Good Price	My wife and I stayed here for 2 nights , whilst attending Wimbledon tennis. Having stayed at many hotels in London over the years, this was as good as it gets for the price. Staff were pleasant and helpful, The room was clean, bedding was freshly laundered, and shower facilities were excellent. The choice at breakfast was more than sufficient - Continental (£8), and English (£10). And a good selection of beers in the bar to celebrate Murray's progress!!. Yes, its a 15 minutes walk from the Underground,but there is a bus (or taxi) if you wish. And heh, this is a standard you will be hard pushed to find in central London for this price.Finally, the management clearly take a close interest in what their customers tell them on this and other sites.....and act on it...thats got to be a positive recommendation in itself!!	
Jun 12 2008 	Great Find for London Vacation	Jurys Inn is a basic hotel with nice interior design features. The location is great - Chelsea is a quiet neighborhood a little away from downtown London - we enjoyed &quot;going home&quot; through residential areas after a noisy crowded day of touring London. The rooms were clean, beds comfortable, showers hot. The staff were extremely helpful with any inquiry (actually took their time to help me figure out how to top up my new SIM card!). I was here with my husband and 18-month old daughter, and they immediately set up a pack n play crib for her, which was helpful. The restaurants were both good - the first night we had tomato soup, caesar salad and ravioli in the restaurant, which were excellent. Two days later we had the fish n chips and sandwiches in the bar - also great, and the barman was attentive and friendly.The (minor) down sides are that the rooms are on the small side. And the walk to the Fulham Broadway station was a good 15 minutes. We didn't discover the C3 bus out front until the last day. Taxis are not plentiful, but the front desk can always call you one and it arrives within a few minutes. Also the breakfast staff seemed a little lost - they could not keep silverware stocked, or food from running out, and seemed confused when I asked for something. By the time we got there, the tables seemed a little dirty, like no one was maintaining the cleanliness during the mealtime. The food was good, though, and selection adequate.In the area - there is a children's playhouse just behind the hotel (next to Il Barista) - great for kids 3-10 years old. There is also a Design Center half a block away for people interested in architecture, and the marina is just behind that. We LOVED a little coffee house called &quot;Megan's&quot; which has amazing (fair trade organic) cappucinos, buttery croissant and other lovely pastries and breakfasts. Go up to Kings Road. Take a right, walk about 300 meters just past the gas station.Overall, a nice find. We would stay there again.	
Jun 7 2008	Best hotel stay ever!	I don't normally ever consider writing a review about a hotel. My best friend suggested that I write one, because I kept on talking about my stay and the helpfulness of the staff. The staff at this hotel are courteous, attentive and friendly. Gio, as the team call him did my check in and promptly delivered the iron that I requested. I saw him clearing tables and serving food at the buffet during breakfast. It is not often that you see a senior manager so involved; so it was astounding to see such a harsh review of him. The food was good, service even better. London hotels don't normally have such a warm feel to it. The only issue that I had during my stay was being able to get a taxi during in the morning without waiting half hour and that is due ot its location.this hotel is amazing, will stay there everytime I am in London.	
May 31 2008 	Still waiting....	Nice clean basic accomodation but I've just a few observations to make.Requested a smoking room at booking and when checking in it was confirmed smoking room allocated.However, room did not contain an ashtray and I wouldn't smoke where I could not have somewhere to put the ash and cigarette butt when finished.Rang reception and spoke to Assistat General Manager Giovanni Andrew who once more confirmed room was smoking and would have an ashtray delivered asap. I was still waiting for one and checked out without ever seeing it despite a second request in person to the same member of management.Second annoying ddetail was Il Barista coffee bar where I stood waiting for someone to make a coffee. The young bar man on duty said he'd get someone as he was not familair with the machine. Would you believe the same management member arrived took over service and duly served clients with alcohol beverages but still no coffee. A little disappointed with his lack of personal skillsand general demeanour as I've been to Jurys Hotels and Inns for amny years and have always found both management and staff, attentive, courteous and above all friendly.Mr Andrew should take some time to obeserve Martin, the night manager in action. and follow his example.He is a superb asset to Jury's Chelsea and was helpful to many guests when they returned to the hotel late from the football game.All said, stay was comfortable and nothing less than I expected	
May 5 2008 	Right on the mark	We arrived midafternoon and were greeted by a friendly young receptionist. Our room was spacious and clean. A nice front view of the harbour area. We had a lot planned in London and could not have done it without the guidence of the night manager, Martin. What a gem Jurys Inn has in him! He even came out to the bus stop to make sure we were on the right route. I can't think of a single negative about this locale. Maybe the standard, 'too narrow tubs' and 'a little more soundproofing on the windows.Overall, a great place, friendly, clean, comfortable and safe.	
Apr 25 2008 	Afforadable comfort and convenience	We stayed at the Jurys Inn Chelsea as part of a tour group pkg (through Trafalgar). Although we did not pick this hotel, the accommodations proved to be comfortable and the hotel was easily accessible to local transportation.The hotel itself is quite nice. The main lobby was not extravagant, but was appealing. The front desk staff were very helpful, and provided information on all our questions re local restaurants, and getting around via the tube system. The rooms were clean, comfortable, and spacious. We initially had a problem with a toilet that did not flush, but received immediate attention, and were moved to another room when the toilet could not be fixed. We ate breakfast in the hotel restaurant in the morning, and there were many tasty options. We didn't have to eat again until dinner, as we were quite satisfied with the great portion sizes and variety at breakfast. There is also a small bar located in the lobby area, where we enjoyed a few pints in the evenings. The hotel location was nice, a beautiful walk down by the harbour, where we discovered some very nice restaurants (about a 10 minute walk from the hotel), we dined out there both evenings that we stayed at the hotel. The area was very modern, as the condominiums / apartments were new, and you could see that this area was up-and-coming. The double decker buses (stop right in front of hotel and across the street), took us up to the tube station (within minutes), and we were off to explore the city of London. All in all we enjoyed our stay at the Jurys Inn Chelsea, and would definetely consider staying there again when we return to London.	
Apr 21 2008 	Good hotel but location not the best unless you want to be in Fulham	Stayed here for 2 nights on business.The hotel itself was very good, despite a mix up with the booking - only had me down for 1 night instead of two, but resolved quickly enough.Good room and breakfast was fine. There is no room service as such, you have to order and go and collect it on a tray. I presume this is to save on costs, but at the end of a long day, it would have been nice to avoid the trek to reception.My main gripe was the location. If you can live with a 20 minute walk to Fulham Broadway or spending on a cab wherever you need to get to, then fine, or you actually want to be in the Fulham or Chelsea Harbour area, great.If I could pick the hotel up and move it nearer the city I would use it again.	
Mar 31 2008 	Jurys Inn Fulham - Good Value	Lets get one point clear - Jurys Inn Chelsea is not in Chelsea, its in Fulham, actually. The location is next to a rather soulless new riverside development called Imperial Wharf, which at least has some useful shops now (e.g. Marks and Spencer).The out of the way location has been commented on by many previous posters. Be prepared for a long walk to get to the interesting parts of Kings Road. The upside of the location is that the riverside walks (Thames Path) are close by and in fine weather this is a plus. However, in bad weather (like the day we arrived) the rain and wind sweep in from the river-front.The room we had was reasonable in size (although not the &quot;spacious room&quot; described on the hotel website). It was spotlessly clean, blissfully quiet and the bed comfortable, nice bathroom everything worked well.It was let down by the breakfast service. On arriving for breakfast at about 10.00 a.m. (this was Sunday) we found almost every table in the breakfast room covered with used plates and cups.A disgusting sight, with the remains of cooked breakfasts strewn everywhere, people were finding refuge from the chaos in the bar area. Over the next half an hour one thoroughly miserable-looking young man cleared and wiped down each table with extreme slowness as we watched.There was almost no spare cutlery, bowls and plates, we had to search around to find a single teaspoon. There was no sign of any other staff to help. The breakfast was anyway rather poor, regardless of the state of the breakfast room.Despite this I felt that the room size and quality, appearance and ambience of the hotel in general were good and overall the hotel is good value for money - for London. I just hope that the breakfast service was just having an off day.	
Mar 28 2008 	Would Stay Again	As most of you know any large city is expensive and with the dollar at an all-time low against other currency, you really need to shop for bargains. I traveled with my college age daughter and my girlfriend and her two college age sons. We booked the hotel as a special offer through British Airways in November. Our room w continental breakfast was $109 per night with all fees and taxes. This was a bargain. The hotel was a little way from the center of London. It was clean and quiet while we were there. Breakfast was a choice of cold cereal, fresh fruit, yogurt, cheeses, rolls, juice, coffee and tea nicely arranged and clean. The staff was polite and helpful. You can exchange some money there but it will cost more than a bank. The room was fine. Comfortable beds, TV, and adequate bathroom-no exhaust fan though so it gets steamy. We had a double and one twin bed-fine for us. A family with more than three requesting a cot may find it a little tight but it would work. No chest for clothes (as in a lot of hotels there) but there was space to hang some. Hot water for coffee or tea (supplied) in room. A hair dryer was attached inside the desk drawer. No clock and/or clock radio so bring an alarm clock. If you ask for a wake up call, the hotel keeps waking you up every day at that time so be clear about it-better yet bring your own travel alarm. It would have been nice if the hotel had a ready list of buses and tubes to take and taxi service numbers. They will arrange for a taxi but it will be very expensive. Flagging one down will be cheaper but still expensive. We discovered that the bus stop was called &quot;Chelsea Harbour&quot;. You can get a bus right across the street-cross over the road, take a quick left, then right and you will see a sheltered stop. The bus will stop just before the hotel to let you off on the return trip. You can take the 391 bus to the Fulham/Broadway tube station(get off at the Fulham town hall stop.) You can also take the C3 bus to Earl's Court tube stop.( We got off at Earl's court square but could have stayed on for the next stop.) Get an Oyster card at the tube station. It's pay as you go so you can add more when you need it-just make sure you have enough on it for your bus ride back. The card covers both buses and tubes. Also after you reach a maximum of either cost or number of stops, you are no longer charged for that day-I forget what it was. My best advice is to ask people you see. Many people will hear you discussing where you need to go and were very helpful.  Getting back to the hotel, it is located on Imperial Wharf on the Thames. The area is being expanded. We found 4 restaurants-seafood, chinese, indian, and thai plus a wine shop and a small M&amp;S food store which sells some sandwiches too.The hotel does have a restaurant and bar area where you can get food. The menu looked fine but we always were out so we did not eat there. I wish I had known this before I left but we all had a great time and I would stay there again and would recommend it. Unfortunately, I probably won't be visiting London again for many years.	
Mar 23 2008	min 15-20walk to Tube so location not great but price good	Husband and I stayed here for 2 nights as part of a trafalgar tour in early sept 2007. We had been to London before on business for a week so we had seen pretty much all the tourist attractions already and figured out the Tube etc. Summary: good price for london (I looked on the internet and compared hotel prices myself and read reviews), hotel clean and new looking, bad location in terms of proximity to tube and attractionsIf I return to London will consider this hotel due to good price. Pros: -hotel was clean and furnishings, etc look pretty new-price very good for london-in sept 2007 relatively nice quiet area. May change as development proceeds. Our room faced the street, but other than hearing the occas car go by, it was quiet. -front desk service was fine-felt relatively safe walking around hotel. Walked back in the dark at night from tube; there were a few blocks closer to the tube where I would have been more wary had I been alone due to poor lighting.-laundry: we found a dry cleaners with same day laundry service near the tube station around the corner from Waitrose grocery store. dropped off in late am, Got all our clean laundry back by 5pm for about 9 pounds, around $18USD. not cheap and still had to cart laundry back to hotel but it was the most inexpensive same day place I found and we needed laundry done. Cons:biggest drawback is its location. minimum 15-20 min walk to anything, IF you are not encumbered by luggage etc., including: nearest tube station (fulham broadway), grocery stores, shops etc. With luggage, or heavy bags, I would double that time to be safe. I usually walk a 15-min mile so we are not talking stroll pace either.The hotel is located in this new development called Imperial Wharf. When we were there in sept 2007, there wasn't much there yet, though not sure how much has changed since. Sounded like it would be combo of upscale residences/restaurants/shops/bars etc. eventually.Arrival and departure: We walked to and from the tube station and hotel WITH our luggage. We only had one carry-on wheeled suitcase and one laptop backpack each. I highly recommend you do NOT attempt this unless you are on an extremely tight budget or enjoy walking over 1 mile with heavy baggage on your back and arms, esp if you have more luggage. I am glad to see the hotel fixed its website after we complained, originally it listed another tube station besides fulham broadway as being close by, that was a minimum one hour walk with luggage in tow on arrival. Website fixed now, fulham broadway is the correct tube stop.Food: buffet breakfast food was one of the worse ones on our tour, and would not have been worth the price. But then, I was expecting food in England in general to be bad (we went to France and Italy also, so unfair comparison). internet access was 10pounds/24 hrs (about $20USD). Too bad it wasn't free, though compared to other hotels, this was not an unreasonable price.	
Mar 21 2008 	Good value for families	Our room was clean &amp; good value for family of four. There was a sofa bed and folding up bed for the two children. Location is quiet and as stated a 15 minute walk to the Fulham broadway station. Taxi costs £4/5.Overall good value for family staying in the one room. Would stay there again with the family but would stay closer to West End if just the two of us.	
Mar 17 2008 	Great hotel customer service lacking at times	The hotel itself is very nice. The rooms are fresh and clean and for London are a decent size. The area is very pleasant with restaurants and bars not that far away. Nearest station is Fulham Broadway which is about 10-15mins walk or there is a bus stop just outside the hotel. Our rate included breakfast, which was of a good standard. Our main area of concern was the reception staff who were cold and at times unhelpful with no welcome to the hotel and the need to ask them for info about hotel rather than it being offered. They also had a tendency to continue working on the computer and just leave you standing there, very rude indeed and this included the duty manager who's customer service skills were particularly lacking.	
Feb 20 2008 	Very Good	I stayed at this Hotel which was booked for me through my work.The Hotel was very clean the staff were very friendly and helpful.I would definately stay here again very handy for football fans for Stamford Bridge which is only 10 mins walk away.	
Feb 18 2008 	Disappointing hotel	After arriving about 7pm we had to wait at the reception until a member of staff finally came out to serve us - once there she was efficient and we booked in, requested a morning paper and got to the room without any problems.The room was smallish, the bed extremely small - but was clean. One of the curtain rails fell off the wall when I tried to close them - and on looking at the rails themselves they didn’t meet in the middle – there was about 6 inches where the curtains wouldn't close together! Spoke to reception on our way out for the evening and by the time we got back in the early hours it had all been fixed (and no gap either).In the morning I was up about 90 minutes before my boyfriend and found here wasn't any hot water at all - even when he tried it later it was still stone cold - not at all impressed. The morning paper we requested wasn't delivered either. At least the cups to make a morning coffee were clean! Decided we would find somewhere else for breakfast (great little cafes in the Kings Road).On checking out we were initially completely ignored by the young chap in reception, he obviously thought those that turned up after us were more important. - maybe it was the rucksack we had .....Another receptionist turned up and we could finally check out - when we complained about the lack of hot water he told us a trip switch had flipped so there was nothing they could do - fair enough but surely they have staff about, 24 hours a day, someone should have noticed sooner. The location was fine for us but we where heading to a jazz club only 1/2 a mile away in the evening then in the morning to get into 'tourist' London it's only a walk down the Kings Road (fine for us - no kids, no rain and happy to walk).At the end of the day it isn't a high end hotel by any means and it showed - but considering it hasn't been about for very long it was looking tatty in places. Overall was not impressed with the hotel and wouldn't recommend it to anyone.	
Feb 17 2008 	Great value nice hotel	Jurys Inn Chelsea is a very nice hotel, with lots of american-style amenities. It has the advantage of being very affordable, not something you find often in London. We have stayed at this hotel twice. The rooms are roomy and comfortable, staff is very helpful, and breakfast (included) is good and filling. On the minus side, the hotel is located at Imperial Wharf, near the river in Chelsea. It is about 2/3 of a mile from the nearest Tube station. You can walk or catch a bus to the Underground. The buses pickup across the street, and the bus to Earls Court is frequent, but it does add another transfer to your travel at the end of the day. The neighborhood is quiet (for now --the wharf is a shopping and restaurant district which is just now getting off the ground, and should become more crowded in the next few years). However -speaking from 20 years of traveling to London--most hotels offering $80 a night rooms are nasty, crowded, noisy, full of high school groups, and just plain awful. So the slightly inconvenient location is a small price to pay for a great hotel and a comfortable stay. I recomend the Jurys Inn highly.	
Feb 11 2008	Avoid ..unless going to Chelsea..	First the good stuff ..this hotel is situated in a lovely part of London and is only a 15 min walk from Fulham Broadway tube station. / Stamford Bridge football ground...down by the Tube you'll find some fab restaurants &amp; coffee shops...the rest involves me putting on my &quot;Moan Hat&quot; for the purpose of helping you make an informed choice... -My wife &amp; I and our 10 yr old son stayed here -good discounted £70 per night rate - room was fine apart from our neighbours trying to literally break down the wall at 5am and a (sober!) guest thumping at our door trying to get in at around 5.30am....hotel bar seemed to be constantly packed with noisy &quot;lads weekend&quot; types -staff were very sympathetic but upon reading some of the other reviews upon our return these noise complaints seem to crop up with an astonishing regularity..breakfast seemed fine - &quot;full Irish&quot; cost our son £7 -decent fare was served..the location is fine as long as the weather holds - if it rains (it didn't thankfully for us !) then you're snookered..factor in the taxi cost (£5 one way) as invariably you'll end up using it during your stay..In short - fine for a cheap lads football weekend away..anything else..AVOID..tut tut Mr Q..	
Jan 15 2008 	Pleased with our choice.	After arriving later than we wanted, due to being caught up in football traffice, we received a most pleasant welcome and speedy registration at Jurys Inn, Chelsea.As this was a last minute booking I did not know what to expect but we got a lovely room on the first floor overlooking the front entrance of the hotel. The room was very bright and spotlessly clean, as was the rest of the hotel. My only criticism of the room was that the hairdryer was secured in a drawer with no access to a mirror, so you couldn't see what your were doing, but we got by.We found all the staff we encountered to be very pleasant and cheerful. One member of staff even came over to help me when I couldn't get the coffee to pour properly from the coffee pot. We chose this hotel because we had to attend a function at Battersea Park and feel it was the right choice, we hailed a taxi directly outside of the hotel very easily.Although woken at 7 a.m. (on sunday morning) by someone who thought we had booked a taxi and then again by noisey cleaning staff outside our room, collecting their supplies from their cleaning cupboard, we would choose this hotel again if staying in London.	
Jan 6 2008 	Pretty good value!	Two friends and I stayed at the Jurys Inn on new years eve as a base in London booked through Last Minute.I've stayed in quite a few places in London, and the Jurys was a good value hotel, not too far from the tube (and lots of taxis passing by) and provided a good standard of accomodation.We booked a triple room for one night and at 150 GBP for one night on new years eve, it was pretty reasonable.I would definately book this hotel again if I were staying in London and compared to some other hotels which are more central, it was a sound choice.	
Jan 4 2008 	Warning about the location	We have visited London many times, but had never been to Chelsea so we thought the Jurys Inn Chelsea was a good option for us to see the sights. We got a double room for £84.00 per night which we thought was reasonable.The Hotel itself was fine; friendly staff, the room was spacious and clean, all you would expect from a Jury's. The problem we had was with the location. The surrounding area is under development and there is lots of building work going on but it felt like we were in the middle of an Industrial Estate, I missed the feeling of being in the hubub of London. Also as we stayed here in December it was really quite cold and the long walk to the tube station was none too appealing (about 30 mins). Staff informed us that a bus that stops outside the Hotel that takes you to Fulham Broadway tube, which it did, but a single journey was £2.00 each, a taxi is cheaper! In the evenings, you haven't always got time to wait for a bus, then get on the tube, then another walk to wherever you're going, so we ended up getting taxi's everywhere, as the tube wasn't easily accessible. This really did cost us quite a bit with London traffic the way it is.So it's not a problem with the hotel itself, but as Jury's prides itself on choice of location for their hotels, we felt this one let it down a bit.	
Dec 17 2007 	Sort the staff out	Hotel is clean and room ok but it is well out of the way from anywhere of any relevance. We found the staff (particularly in the breakfast area) almost Fawltyesque in that they were generally very rude and unhelpful (when asked if any cutlery was available we received a curt &quot;no&quot;). We were also contacted in our room by reception at 10.30am to see if we had checked out as they thought they had seen us leave! Would rather pay more (or save on the taxi/bus fares to get to and from the hotel) and not be insulted.	
Dec 1 2007 	Excellent Choice !	Just returned from 2 seperate 3 night's stays at Jury's Inn Chelsea. We were delighted with both of our rooms, the beds and duvets were very comfortable, the rooms spacious and the bathrooms positively gleamed! The front desk and restaurant staff were very helpful and pleasant, especially Chloe. The bar staff was always pleasant and the drinks generous, especially for the prices.We did not find the location at all inconvenient, in fact we quite liked the C3 bus at the door, which dropped us off in about 3 minutes at King's Row, where we could catch the 22 or 11 bus to take us just about anywhere we wanted to go. Since I much prefer the bus to the tube and King's Row is one of my favorite shopping spots , I was delighted. We did take the 11 all the way to Liverpool St station one morning and decided that if one wanted to save money , it would be a great option to the Hop On, Hop Off bus!I can only see the area getting better as more shops open at Imperial Wharf. We will definitely be returning soon.	
Nov 23 2007 	Jurys Inn Chelsea very nice hotel	We just got back from 4 nights at the Jury's Inn Chelsea and agree with the other reviews. It was a very nice, clean hotel and staff was very friendly. As others have stated, the location is the only negative. It is really out of the way and you need to take the bus to get to the tube. We didn't try walking to the tube, but I would guess 25 minutes to get to Earl's court. It's about a 10 minute bus ride. Take the C3 to Earl's court and on the way back it drops you off across the street from the hotel. (They are planning on a tube station next door) Other Info: We booked this hotel through a British Airways offer. The room was for 2 adults, 1 teen. They didn't have any drawers for clothes - just 2 drawers in a desk. The hair dryer is in one of the desk drawers. There are ice machines on each floor. Continental breakfast was cereal, rolls, yogert, fruit, etc. They offer Internet connection (I think you have to pay) but there are no common computers for guests to use - this would really be a big plus.	
Nov 19 2007 	Wonderful would go back and reserve for next yr.	Hotel room, clean. Service was excellent. Very pleasant and helpful. The bar area was a wonderful for a nightcap. Its lounge area was cozy. They really have a wonderful staff and they were helpful when it came to ensuring that your stay at the hotel was a pleasant one. Wonderful dispositions. If you aren't afraid to travel on the buses or walk to the train stations then this is the hotel to stay. Close to the buses that took you to Fulham station or to Earl's Court. The walking distance was not bad if you followed the bus patterns and you are not far from Central London.I had such a pleasant stay that I am serious about going back there to stay again. Close to the Chelsea Football stadium and with developments happening it is still exciting area to dine, drink and walk around.	
Nov 9 2007 	Good Choice for our London trip	Bit late with my review but here goes.Both my son (aged 16) and I stayed in Jury’s Inn Chelsea for 5 nights in mid June, as an end of school term treat for him which included a trip to the new Wembley stadium to see Muse in concert. I know London quite well and have stayed in other hotels but picked this hotel primarily on the basis of cost and the general good reviews on Trip Advisor. A number of other hotels I checked were quite a bit (some, a lot!) more expensive albeit they were nearer to the West End and general environs. On arrival I was greeted by reception staff that were friendly and very welcoming. The rooms are quite large, spotlessly clean and comfortable.My fussy son (who likes his comfort) gave the hotel a firm thumbs up.We didn’t eat breakfast or dine in the hotel so can’t comment on that aspect.The bar is fairly standard fare as you find in most modern hotels of this type – had one or two drinks there and the staff were friendly. There is a very nice bar just down from the hotel called Lots Road Pub.The hotel is located in a pleasant area beside Chelsea Harbour - we walked down to the Kings Road one of the days and headed on foot to the museum district (V&amp;A, Natural History and Science Museum) – a bit of a stroll! We found a really nice restaurant on the Kings Road (The Bluebird) where we had breakfast – I recommend it if your down that way.Some reviewers have commented that the hotel is an ‘out of town a bit’ location – but it’s really no problem to get to any of the sights in good time without any hassle. I would have no quibble with any of the options to travel to central London but chose the C3 bus to Earls Court tube station as the preferred option, and as indicated by other reviewers.The advantage in going to Earls Court rather than Fulham Broadway tube station is that you are directly on the Piccadilly Line which stops at many of the main points of interest – the museum district, Harrods, Buckingham Palace, Piccadilly Circus, Leicester Square etc. It also links up with all the other lines, so it’s easy to get to all other locations and enabled us to get to Wembley stadium quite easily. The Piccadilly line also goes direct to Heathrow Airport. If you are travelling fairly light you can catch the tube under the airport and get off at Earls Court station and exit via the Earls Court Road side; the C3 bus stop is just across the road 50 meters on the right hand side – it’s a 10 minute bus ride to the hotel. This is a cheap and handy option if you are flying into Heathrow.To sum up – we were very pleased with our stay in Jury’s Inn Chelsea, and will most likely stay there the next time we are in town. In a city like London which is quite expensive, this hotel manages a high quality and overall is good value for money.Good Choice.	
Oct 13 2007 	A true 3 star hotel	I spent 3 days at the Jury's Inn Chelsea at the beginnibg of Oct. 2007 with my 2 sons. We had a great time. The staff were all great. They assisted us with all of our requests. The hotel is clean and comfortable. Transportation can be an issue if you have to get around London. There are 2 differant bus stops outside the hotel. For some reason the hotel staff informs you that you must walk about a mile to get to the Tube. Not so, just stand outside across the street and catch a bus to the station for 2 pounds. Unless you enjoy the walk. This hotel is not out of the way, you just have to know how to get aroung. The Bus is your best option, the Tube always seems to be down for upgrades.	
Sep 27 2007 	Splendid Stay at this Hotel	Had a stay at this gorgeous hotel in september 2007 &amp; were pleasantly delighted with the experience! The hotel rooms are decorated nicely, comfortable &amp; friendly! The staff were very helpful, willing &amp; friendly &amp; gave the advice we needed so we are happy with them for that! Especially Fiona Rutherford! She was a lovely lady &amp; a great help to us! The Bar &amp; Dining room are clean &amp; welcoming &amp; the food is reasonably priced. This hotel is a little way out of the city centre &amp; it is more in the fulham area than chelsea but there are easy ways to get into the city! You can take a taxi which are always outside the hotel but the cheapest way to get to the city centre is to take the C3 Bus across the road from the hotel which will take you to Earls Court, then take a tube at Earls Court Station into the City or walk 15 mins to Fulham Broadway Station &amp; take a tube.We stayed at this hotel for 5 days &amp; took the buses &amp; tubes everyday &amp; were satisfied, so i suggest that you stay at this hotel because it is a good hotel for a reasonable price &amp; it is great value!	
Sep 23 2007 	Excellent value for London	Booked through Easy Jet Hotel website and stayed for 2 nights 12th &amp; 13th Sep 07. Check in pretty swift - staff very helpful and friendly. Was given a corner room on 1st floor which was superb - spotless and large with plenty of natural light. Didn't eat in the hotel but this was more through time constraints than choice, as the Continental breakfast which was within the rate was fine. The area around the hotel is still being developed though there are a couple of restaurants (Indian &amp; Thai) and a river side pub across the road in Imperial Wharf. The main consideration with this hotel which has been noted in previous reviews is the location, which is a good 10/15 minutes walk from nearest tube station Fulham Broadway, though a bus stop is right outside the front door. The time I was there the weather was gorgeous, so the walk was infact preferable to the bus. To make the most of a day's sightseeing I would recommend taking the river taxi fom Chelsea Harbour Pier (couple of minutes from hotel) which operates during morning commuter time and goes to EmbankmentAll in all an ideal base for visiting central London - much better than the majority of the tired, old, small, extortionately priced central hotel rooms	
Sep 12 2007	excellent 3 star hotel	We stayed at Jurys Inn Chelsea Hotel for two nights as part of our British Airways package from the US. We were very pleasantly surprised with this 3 star hotel. The rooms were very clean and spacious; the front desk staff were friendly and helpful. A continental cold breakfast was part of our package. The food was not gourmet but was very adequate. My only complaint was that the coffee was terrible. The coffee was some sort of powdered weak mixture delivered from a machine. The hotel also should provide no fat or skimmed milk. For three pounds more you could have a hot breakfast of fried egg, sausage, ham and potatoes of the buffet. The hotel is in a quiet section of Chelsea near Imperial Wharf. The hotel was an easy 20 minute flat walk from Fulham Broadway (Green District Line towards Wimbledon). To get to the hotel from Fulham Broadway exit the underground and take a right on Fulham Broadway, Cross the street and take first left on Harwood Road, walk down to end and take right onto Bagley Lane/Harwood Terrace and take first right onto Imperial Road, the hotel is down some on theleft hand side. There are a lot of restaurants and pubs near the tube station and a supermarket in the tube station.	
Sep 11 2007	Great Value for a Great Hotel	My 82-year-old mother in law and I stayed 10 nights Aug. 26 - Sept. 5. Got a great rate through AARP (though the rates via other web sources were also very good).Our stay was consistent with every positive thing that has been said in other reviews.Our 5th floor room was spotless and everything was in working order. The hotel is in a quiet neighborhood and there were no issues with traffic noise, despite the fact that we were on the street side and due to the beautiful weather, had the windows open. The beds were very comfortable, the comforters were heavenly and the water pressure in the shower was great! Safety deposit boxes were of ample size and their lobby location was only a minor inconvenience. High speed internet access was a definite plus, and well worth while for a web addicted person like myself, although the rates were a bit steeper than what I’m used to.The staff was friendly, responsive, helpful and eager to assist, often going above and beyond the call of duty. Breakfast was basic but fresh, well prepared and plentiful. We had light dinners from the hotel restaurant twice during our stay and found the food surprisingly good! Alternatively, there are other excellent restaurants literally steps away. Our favorite, Waterside, has indoor and outdoor dining Thames side, offers a varied menu, fabulous food, great service, and a young, hip atmosphere.The bus stop is literally outside the door and across the street. Busses to Fulham Broadway or Earl’s Court tube stations are frequent even on weekends. The C3 will also get you to nearby King’s Road if you’re not up for the short walk.Taxis are readily available via reservation through the front desk or just hailing one outside. Fares to central London (depending on the destination and time of day) were between 10 and 18 GBP. If you’re going to rely solely on taxis you may want to take this into consideration, but even with my elderly travel partner there were only a few days we used a taxi to return to the hotel.I have already recommended this hotel to my London friends who have out of town guests and will definitely use this hotel on any future trip to London.	
Sep 8 2007 	Fantastic Clean Hotel!	This is a brilliant hotel. I stayed here with my girlfriend for 3 nights at the end of August. The hotel itself is located in a developing area close to Chelsea Harbour. The hotel is fantasticaly clean throughout. Make sure you request a 'corner' room as we were lucky and had one of these rooms and they are massive! The hotel is a luxury for the price (i got a rate of 79£ per night) It's about 10 minutes walk to Fulham Broadway Tube station and theres plenty of shops and bars in this area. I recomend skipping the breakfasts which are average and not worth the money though! But this really is a brilliant hotel for the price and I would deffinatley stay here again, when I return to London for leisure interests!	
Aug 22 2007 	Comfortable Clean hotel	Spent three nights here in August with our kids, aged 17, 14 and 11. Very comfortable, clean rooms at a reasonable rate. Enjoyed it very much.The only negative is that it's a little far from the tube but although we walked to the tube every morning we had absolutely no problem getting a bus back from Earls court in the evening when we were tired., The C3 bus takes you right to the door.	
Aug 16 2007 	Great value and customer care	My wife and I stayed at this hotel as part of a theatre break. We had a spacious room on the first floor. It was immaculate. The en-suite bathroom was spotless, with everything functioning perfectly. The receptionist was extremely polite and helpful. The continental breakfast was ample, and very well presented. For £3 more, guests could have a full cooked breakfast. Finally, the room we had was extremely quiet - there was no road noise, despite the road being so close. Neither was there any disturbance from adjacent rooms. Do not be put off by the walk / bus journey from Fulham Broadway - the end result will not disappoint.	
Aug 9 2007 	Fab hotel	After searching the internet for hours to find a resonable priced hotel that would accommodate 3 adults in 1 room, we booked here.On arrival we were pleasantly surprised, the hotel is fairly new, the staff friendly and rooms clean. Check in was quick and we arrived in our room, a single bed and double, all amenities needed in the room, such as Hairdryer, Dove soap in the bathroom etc.. Plus an ice and water machine at the end of the corridor, which was handy.House keeping were friendly and efficient when we asked for an ironing board and extra towels. The hotel is in a new development area, there are a few restaurants in the Imperial Wharf, but they are quite expensive. You can access London via bus then tube. The 391 goes to Fulham Broadway and the C3 goes to Earls Court. It take about 15/20 minutes to get into the centre of London (Oxford Circus). We didnt have breakfast in the hotel, we went to Fulham Broadway, as it has Sainsburys, Pret and Starbucks. We didnt dine in the restaurant for dinner, but had a drink in the bar which serves until 1am for residents. Overall a pleasant stay and we would stay again.	
Jul 26 2007 	Excellent room	Booked through Virgin Vacations and got this hotel after they switched us a few times due to an overbooking issue. I was a little wary about some of the reviews which stated how out of the way this hotel was. While it is fairly far from a tube station, it is incredibly convenient to get around. There is a bus stop in front of the hotel which will get you to either Fulham Broadway in 5 minutes or Earl's Court in 10, and Fulham Broadway is also a nice 10 minute or so walk. Don't let this put you off...the hotel is well worth it. I had a great room on the 6th floor that was wonderfully furnished and extremely clean. The bathroom was quite large for English standards and also very clean. The breakfast was wonderful every day and the staff were friendly and helpful.	
Jul 11 2007 	good rooms good price OK location bad emergency service	Clean, modern hotel with decent size rooms - the rooms are better and the prices are lower than most of the Victorian era dumps around Earl's Court or Paddington area. Location is OK - you can get a bus to Earl's Court (10 min ride) or Fulham Broadway (5 min ride) tube stations right outside the hotel. You can also walk to Fulham Broadway (15 min) or to King's Road (10 min) where you can catch a bus to the city center. Breakfast is just edible - OK cereals, fruits, and eggs, lousy sausage, horrible orange juice. I couldn't find any local alternatives that would serve more than coffee with pastry for breakfast.Reception desk service is fine for routine tasks. But supporting service is horrible - these people don't speak English and are completely clueless. They fumbled with a credit card for 10 minutes when I tried to use it to pay for breakfast, until someone from the front desk came over to do it in 15 seconds. And when electricity was out in the room when I came back around midnight, they sent up some clueless guy who went around randomly checking circuit breakers - even though it was obvious that the problem was with the card-operated master switch in the room. That guy didn't speak much English either - it took me a full hour to get him to bring a flashlight so I could pack my bags for the next morning's flight out while they were looking for another room. The compensation for this fiasco was inadequate, and the hotel night manager acted as if this was somehow not their fault, even though this was a clear cut case of poor maintenance and incompetent personnel. If you need anything done in this hotel, don't waste any time with the support people - go straight to the reception desk and deal with them until the issue is fully resolved.	
Jul 11 2007	Very good	I stayed here as part of a CIE Tour to England. It was a very nice hotel and the staff was very friendly. Their breakfast was quite good and the rooms were nice and clean. The only thing I wished was that it was closer to London. It is only a short bus and tube rife from the city center. The location of Chelsea is very nice. It's right by the water.	
May 25 2007 	Hotel is OK - give the food a miss	Infusion Restaurant should be renamed Confusion. Waited 40 minutes for a starter and overall one and a half hours for a meal so ordinary it defied description. Free wine in no way compensated - nor the apology that they were short staffed. I'm a home cook and could have managed the few people who were waiting to eat. Highest recommendations to The Waterside Inn, beautifully poised on the Wharf, friendly, happy staff, well priced food and wine. And DEEP - WOW - if you like seafood you'll love this fabulous restaurant. Everything was just so, from the organza cushions on the chairs outside to the matching candle lights. The chef/owner has the lightest touch and the presentation was immaculate. It's a little pricier but worth it.	
May 7 2007 	Great Hotel Excellent for the Price	Stayed in this hotel May bank holiday weekend 2007 found it excellent. Staff were very courteous and helpful. The room was clean comfortable and a good size. Housekeeping had forgotten to leave us some coffee cups on the second night I phoned reception and within 5 minutes they were delivered to the room. Had some reservations on the location having read reviews on this site before I travelled however London has an excellent transport system, there is a bus stop outside the door the 391 bus takes you to Fulham Broadway tube station and the C3 takes you to Earls Court tube both buses run at 10 minute intervals. If you want to walk it will take you approx 10 minutes to walk to Fulham Broadway. We found the best option was to go to Earls Court as there are more tube lines running through it and you will save time. Get a one, two, or three day travelcard - they are excellent value and you can use them on both bus and tube - paying for individual journeys is expensive.	
Apr 11 2007 	My second stay here	I stayed here again because i had a good experience the first time. My experience the second time was the same - convenient early check in without fuss, TRUE non-smoking room, helpful staff, extremely clean property. The 391 or C3 buses quickly and efficiently connect you to the tube. I have stayed in central London before and find this hotel more conducive to good sleep - better beds and less noise outside the window. I will stay here again.	
Mar 22 2007 	Good value for a small inconvenience	Not much to say that hasn't been said before. New hotel, friendly staff, good sized family rooms and low rates (65 pounds per night booked on hotel website). OK now for the downside. It's a 15 minute walk or short bus/taxi trip to the nearest tube stop. Every hotel in London seems to have some tradeoffs and overall this one is a very good value	
Mar 13 2007 	Nice basic but clean Hotel outside the congestion charge	The hotel is far enough out to not have to pay the rip off London congestion charge (although you have to be careful because it sits just one road away from the charge zone). I guess most people won't be driving here but if you are be aware that there is no on-site parking and the nearest is a secure NCP which charges £20ish per 24hrs (which isn't bad for London). We stayed for a theatre leisure break and then to travel on to see friends and booked the room via www.jurysinn.com which promised the best price at £90 for a family room on a Wednesday night. Be aware that although we booked a month in advance when I turned up in reception they had no record of my booking even though I had printed confirmation!! The hotel was very busy and although we arrived early (2pm) to check in there were other people complaining at the check-in desk that they had made reservations which could not be found. One guy in front of me wanted to add an extra night stay for that night but was turned away as the hotel was full. Luckily the guy behind the desk got me a room (unfortunately a disabled room and not the promised family room) which had a double bed and a fold out bed. The fold out bed was only big enough for one child so as we left to go in to London we spoke to the reception who reluctantly got us another fold out bed.As we had kids with us we didn't want a long walk to the tube so we opted for taxi's - they were very easy to flag down outside of the hotel but the charge was always at least £10 to get in to central London's usual tourist attractions.Overall the hotel was nice, clean and recently developed. We only used the restaurant for breakfast which was a fairly simple selection. The check in was a total shambles so confirm your booking before you go - or you could be left without a room.	
Feb 7 2007	Winter stay at Jurys	This hotel is located about 20 minutes walk away from the nearest Underground Station, Fulham Broadway. It is close to Chelsea harbour but is in a &quot;developing area&quot; adjacent to Imperial Wharf. Alot of new residential developments are planned all around the hotel. The Gas works is quite close to the hotel.Imperial Wharf is also developing and already has a few restaurants. An M &amp; S &quot;Simply Food&quot; is also planned. The nearest food outlet at the moment is a Tesco Express located at a garage on the Kings Road, about 10 minutes walk away.A taxi to the V &amp; A costs £10, the same to Victoria Station.Check in was efficient and our room on the 5th floor (502) was spacious with a double bed and a bed settee. However this was a room with adaptations for people with disabilities so there might have been more &quot;circulation space&quot; for wheelchair users. ( neither of us has a disability requiring adaptations but I am an Occupational Therapist)There was a drop down rail next to the WC and the WC was higher than normal. The flush control was larger than normalThe door to the bathroom was wide. The bath was very low with a horizontal bath rail. Easy to step over the side but not so easy to lower down into or get out of. No bath aids were provided. There was a pull cord alarm next to the bath. The wash hand basin was lower for wheelchair users which we found a little &quot;un ergonomic&quot;The view from the room was of the back of the hotel. Air conditioning/heating was efficient and comfortable. The bed was fine and additional pillows were supplied. There is an ice machine on the landing outside the room. We ate in the hotel bar in the evening. Lasagne and chips and fish and chips came to £14. The food was OK. We also had breakfast which was approx £10 each. This was ordinary with a choice of cereals, juice, tea or coffee. The hot range consisted of approx 7 choices + toast cooked to order. The &quot;hot&quot; choices apart from the toast were a bit &quot;cool&quot;. The dining area was bright and clean. Complimentary newspapers were available.It takes approx 30 minutes to walk from the hotel to the Royal Hospital, Chelsea which I would highly recommend. The walk is pleasant alongside The Thames. The Chelsea Physic Garden and the National Army Museum were also worth visiting. The Royal Hospital and the National Army Museum are free, there is a charge for the Physic Garden (£7 adult admission when I visited)Kings Road is interesting and there is a good cafe at &quot;Antiquarius&quot; at the Antique Centre. A drink and a Spaghetti Bolognaise came to £7. The cafe seemed to be frequented by Antique dealers. Food was provided quickly by pleasant staff.It wasn't a bad stay but don't stay here if you want a pretty view or if you want to step straight out of the hotel into major tourist attractions. You will have to travel to the sights either by taxi, foot and/or Underground.	
Jan 6 2007 	Would stay here again	I don't understand how anyone could not figure out the transportation system around this hotel. It was a 10 minute easy-to-find walk to the tube. However, if you desired busing it to the tube the bus stop was just about in front of the hotel, or a cab to the tube is about 4 pounds. The staff was very helpful with any questions we had from public transportation to places to eat. Everyone at the hotel was very friendly and the food in their restaurant was good the one time we did eat in the restaurant. The hotel and rooms were clean and the amount of space in the room was fine. If you are someone that rarely spends time in your room when on holiday then this is a great place. If you need frequent trips back to your room throughout the day, I don't recommend it for you.	
Oct 22 2006 	Enjoyed our Stay	Stayed at this hotel for 2 nights from 18th October. Lovely spacious, clean room. Very pleased with most aspects of the hotel. As for location ……..well a bus stop at the front door (frequent C3 service– a 10 min journey to Earls Court then the tube) – could not see how you could complain about that. Scotland has an advantage when it comes to smoking as hotel bar sometimes too smoky. When we arrived we stopped at the bar for lunch but most things we chose on the menu were not in fact available……..even anything to eat with coffee. Breakfast was a not included in our stay and at almost £10 for English breakfast was rather overpriced for what was on offer. Staff were most helpful and courteous. Would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 17 2006 	Would never stay here again	We spent 6 days in this out of the way location and it was only towards the end of our stay that we had worked out the public transport system to save the long walks to the nearest tube station. The hotel seems to have been built for the bus tour operators. It is certainly not in the heart of things and I would next time pay extra to be within easy walking distance of restaurants, shops etc. The address may say Chelsea but it is actually Imperial Wharf, some distance from Chelsea or Fulham-Broadway.Our stay started unpleasantly when we were told we could not have both a non-smoking room and a bed rather than a convertible sofa (for our tall son). When asked would it be possible to change when such a room became available we were told that the house-keeping were not paid to make up rooms twice in one day. The reception staff were largely unfriendly and not focussed on customer service.My wife became particularly unhappy when we had to go three days without access to an iron or an ironing board. The response from the Reception was that they didn't have enough. When we finally received one the iron was broken and definitely created a risk of being electrocuted. This seemed to be symbolic of a poorly cared for hotel because also the towels were thin and like sandpaper. Although the hotel seemed to be relatively new it had an unhappy and uncared for feeling about it.We have travelled reasonably widely throughout Europe and the US and this was one of our most unpleasant experiences with a hotel.	
Oct 16 2006 	Super stay at Jurys inn	I stayed with a family party of 6, 3 of us in 2 rooms the Jurys inn Chelsea is a very nice clean hotel. The nearest tube Fulham broadway has a few shops where you can get a few essentials like Boots the chemist, sainsburys and Starbucks (yummy muffins etc!) the walk to the hotel is a good 10 minutes, although if you want to get the bus c391 the stop is on Harwood road 2 stop along to get there when you come out of the tube station turn right cross over at the traffic lights opposite TGI Fridays stay on the left (bus stop Fulham town hall is in front of small shop selling newspapers etc) . It is only about 4 stops to the hotel when the bus turns onto imperial way it is the 2 second stop along, while staying in london we bought 3 seperate day travel cards £4.90 for each day this covered us to travel on zones 1 &amp; 2 and you can also use this on the bus although it was annoyingly late on saturday! (we waited at least 25 minutes and they are supposed to run every 10 to 12 minutes ) these where purchased at tube station when we arrived We. had a lovely time in the Jurys inn breakfast was Full english was just over £10 continental was £7.50 which included tea, coffee , orange juice , toast ,fruit salad cereal etc very nice !	
Oct 2 2006 	A great find	We booked this hotel via londontown which offered a very cheap rate - especially for London which is generally expensive. The hotel is quite new, and is located in a newly developed part of London called Imperial Wharf. Although it was a bit far out from the action, it was a short taxi ride and the extra comforts it provided was well worth it. The walk to the nearest train station is about 10 minutes. The room was spacious (by UK standards) with a good size bathroom including a bath. We arrived early and very jetlagged from Australia. The hotel duty manager/desk manager rushed to get the first available room for us while we waited. At 9.30 in the morning it was a relief to get into a room so quickly - great service. The room service meals were very ordinary, would suggest you skip them and go elsewhere, but handy if you are dog tired like we were. On both mornings we had early starts so the front desk arranged breakfast bags for us which was appreciated. Other people we met on tours complained about the size of their rooms, the size of their bathroom sinks and no airconditioning or fans. We had a beautiful ice cold room and ample space. I would definitely recommend this hotel - just be prepared to spend a few extra bucks on taxi fares and you'll love it.	
Sep 25 2006 	Great Value	My wife, 20 year old son and I spent nine nights at Jurys Inn Chelsea from September 15th through Sunday September 24th 2006. I found the hotel on line and paid slightly less than 59 Lbs per night. Breakfast not included.The hotel is excellent in almost every respect but don't trust their computerized wake up call system. Otherwise it was as advertised - air conditioned, quiet and modern.You have to understand London and the UK to realize why this hotel is such a find. First of all, anything comparable would be at least 150 Lbs per night and for that you might just get a lot less.Second, everyone uses the tube to get around in London, regardless of where your hotel is located. There is excellent bus service to the Fulham Broadway tube station (Bus 391) and to Earls Court tube station (Bus C3). The neighborhood is safe if you chose to walk. Also your travel passes (see below) are good on the buses - just wave them to the driver.Third, don't expect the hotel staff to be tour guides. We found all of the staff to be very friendly and efficient but tour guides they are not. So buy a guide book and go from there.Order your tube tickets from London Underground at least two weeks prior to your visit. See their excellent web site and buy the travel passes. We spent about $250 for all of our travel requirements by purchasing a one day, seven day and 3 day travel pass. Zones 1 and 2 are adequate travel areas for most visitors. We received out tickets by mail in California within 3 working days after ordering on-line.Everyone uses the tube to get around London. The system has great coverage, is efficient and costs substantially less than alternatives. Spend the time to figure out how it works - you won't be disappointed.The hotel is apparently priced under market because the Imperial Wharf development plan is behind schedule and building slowly. However, their is a world-class Indian restaurant (Memsahb) located within a block of the hotel. There is also a brand new bar with seating right on the Thames and several other apparently very nice restaurants in the same area.All in all this is hotel is not just good, it is excellent. EnjoyAlan Miller.Santa Barbara, Ca 09/25/06	
Sep 19 2006 	Comfortable	We stayed here Sept. 5th - 13th and booked through British Airways. Our charge was $940.00 for the 9 nights.We were in room 526 which was lg., considering London economy priced Hotels, with double bed and air conditioned. TV gets 6 worthless channels but hey, you're in London!! The staff was friendly enough for us and helpful with the exception of 1 which I think just didn't know English very well,,,atleast she smiled! Room was clean, sheets changed once, great shower, looong tub that filled up FAST, ALWAYS hot water, hair dryer, coffee pot, iron( if you ask for it), ice on every floor, prompt elevator, safety boxes near front desk for valuables and satisfactory continental bkfst. (more food than what you sometimes get at US hotels) On the down side for us,,,, they don't know what a washcloth is, the liquid soap hanging on the wall takes 2 strong hands to squeeze it out and the wake up call system is not to be trusted. Bring your own washcloth, soap and alarm clock! The weather was incredible, 70's to 80's, &quot;90&quot; one day and even warmer when in the tube! No rain!! Fantastic Sunday walk in Hyde Park!! We found the location to be very safe though it took a little practice to efficiently use the bus, C391, to get to the Broadway Fulham Tube and back to the hotel. It's a 15&quot; walk at a strong pace otherwise! We purchased a 1 week 'Oyster' pass (includes bus) that cost approx. $40.00 each. Worth every penny as we used the tube very frequently and the bus as well. Being out of the attraction area was not a problem for us.  We enjoyed our stay at the Jurys Inn and would confidently recommend it to others who aren't intimidated to use the London transit system.	
Sep 3 2006 	A Long Way to the Tube	Stayed there for 3 nights in August 2006. Arrived there after midnight because it took forever to catch a cab around the area and to find a taxi driver who knew where the hotel was located! It was around 10 pounds just to drive there from the nearest subway station! (That would have been a 1 km walk.) It is located in the Imperial Wharf of Chelsea, which is rich and high-end area of London. The hotel is just a minute away from some nice restaurants and the Thames River. Not many locals knew where the hotel was.The room was very clean and was air-conditioned. The soap was a squeeze-dispenser on the wall, the shower faucet was confusing, and the hairdryer is located in the drawer under the TV. Once the card to my room stopped working, so I had to go to the front desk and ask for a new one. The elevator was annoyingly narrated by a voice and advertised that I could've stayed on the sixth floor that was designed by Laura Ashley for just 20 pounds extra. Other than that, everything else was fine. The Innfusion Bar &amp; restaurant was nice, especially the dinners. The staff was okay-- they reserved our room when we arrived late the first night, but had kicked someone else out because they ran out of rooms! We were given a smoking-permitted room, but we had requested a non-smoking room.I recommend this very new hotel to those who are willing to pay for a taxi or walk for 15 min to the Fulham Broadway Station twice a day, but not to those who cannot walk far.	
Aug 23 2006 	Jury’s Inn Chelsea A Great Find....	We chose this hotel based on quality and value and were not disappointed. When we arrived in London it was incredibly hot! Mid 80º F - ALL week! Thank goodness that the hotel had air conditioning as most buildings in London do not. Our room was on the Laura Ashley floor so we got designer bed coverings. There were no fancy soaps or shampoos so do bring your own. I'd prefer to do that anyway.We read other viewer’s comments about the location. As we are well versed with the NYC public transportation it was not hard to learn the underground and bus and rail system. Take the C3 bus to Earl’s Court (District Line) or the 319 bus to Fullham Broadway. Both are directly (literally) right across the street from the hotel and are a 10 - 15 minute ride. We found another bus route (C11) and fell upon Kings Road with its many restaurants. We probably took that bus back most nights since it was like getting a free tour on a double decker! Get yourself an Oyster card with unlimited rides zone 1 through zones 2 and consider it an adventure! Although we were not staying in the center of London we got around fine. On the days we went to Windsor Castle or Hampton Court it was probably easier to get there from our location and perhaps a little closer. Also take the Heathrow Express on the Picadilly line straight to Earl’s Court. We found the staff to be knowlegible on how to get us where we wanted to go. Contrary to other comments, the staff was friendly and very helpful.If you are sightseeing you will be out the entire day and will want to come back to a nice, clean, comfortable and comtemporary hotel that won’t break your budget.	
Aug 22 2006	Mediocre hotel - more like a motel	We stayed at the Jury's Inn Chelsea for 11 nights. The hotel is new, a little over a year old. The rooms are adequate size for two adults, but it would be a tight squeeze to get more than two in a room. Their beds are too small for two adults to sleep in the same double/queen bed. They say that 2 adults and 2 children could stay in the same room, but again it would be very cramped in that situation. The mattresses are hard and the pillows are not comfortable. The bedspreads are dingy and dirty with stains. I am not sure what there policy is for cleaning them, but it stands in need of improvement.While at the Inn, we switched rooms two times as a result of the air conditioning not functioning on the entire front side of the hotel. I was happy to sleep with the windows open at night and told them that I would be happy to do so, if they could put me in a room in the back of the hotel which was more quiet. The street Imperial Wharf is extremely busy with traffic late into the night and very early in the morning. Also, there is a great deal of construction taking place around the hotel, and I woke up to a jack hammer on the second day that we were staying at the Inn. The road is also a main route for the bus. Needless to say, sleeping with the window open in the front is not a sound option unless you are a very deep sleeper. We finally were placed into a room that the air-conditioning worked at it was great. The room was in the back of the botel and it was much quieter. The hair dryer is located in the drawer in the desk in the room. You have to use it while sitting or standing at the end of the bed or at the desk. They ran out of disposable drinking cups for about two to three days.The night staff were very friendly and accommodating. The evening staff and day staff were kind as well, but were not as helpful as the night staff. They were not able to give good directions or any assistance on how to get to various places located close to the hotel. If you are flying into Heathrow, take the Picadilly undergroud to Earl's Court Station. Once you get there you have two options, you can take the District Line to the Fulham Broadway Station and walk to the hotel or take the C3 bus from Earl's Court which will drop you off right by the hotel. You could also take a cab, but that was not a good option for us due to the cost. We took the bus option and it worked out perfectly. If you are going to use the District line, I would suggest getting a map of the area so that you can know your directions for walking to the hotel. The walk is not terribly long from the station to the hotel, but with luggage, it can be more difficult. We actually walked to the Fulham Broadway station daily to use the tube to get into the city center and it worked great.I probably would not stay at this hotel again because of the difficulties that we had with the air conditioning.	
Aug 9 2006 	Great hotelgood price IF you don't mind the location	Really helpful staff, great condition hotel (almost new), but be aware, if you don't know London, this is not a city centre hotel and you will need to get a taxi in and out.	
Aug 4 2006 	Excellent comfortable clean modern-loved it !!!!	Myself and two friends stayed at the Jurys Inn Chelsea for one night on 2nd August and we were really pleased with the Hotel.Got a great deal from Hotel website and didnt book till the last minute had triple room which was very spacious condsidering there were three of us sharing.The room was spotless, brand new mattress, crisp white sheets,good quality carpet really contemporary decor and comfortableBathroom was also spacious with plenty of towels available.The staff were friendly and approachable Comfortable beds, big TV, air conditioning unit, dressing table area with seating definately would recommend this hotel as good value and good quality of accomodation. Really nice place to stay after a weary day of travel!! wanted to stay longer :) didnt mind the fact that it isnt as central as other hotels because there is a bus stop outside, nice quiet, safe area-go there you'll be pleased you did :)	
Jul 20 2006	Take Your Own Soap!	Dates of stay .... 4-7 July 06. Its been a while since I've stayed in a hotel that had wall mounted squeeze bottles of 'body wash' in the bathrooms rather than a bar of soap! Thus, take your own soap bar.Don't ask for anything too complicated either - like directions - from the totally dozy receptionist , who didn't know the name of the street behind the hotel (where I needed to go but didn't know how far away it was having just arrived in rainy London). She was struggling to find the location of the Jurys Inn Chelsea Harbour in the A-Z of London!!Its ok on location if you want to be in Chelsea but the tube is a good 15 minute hike or, its a 20 pound cab ride into the West End. The rates might be 'reasonable' but if you want to be central.... this isn't it.Oh and check your bill carefully if you use the internet connection in your room. It wasn't working correctly and I had to call their 'free' helpline (in Dublin) only to discover the costs of the call on my bill.Would I stay there again? It was clean but really out of the way... and it might just be me, but I don't think a bar of soap is too much to ask for when you are paying inflated London hotel prices.	
Jul 10 2006	Good value for weekend stay	I stayed here for 2 nights (Fr/Sat). There were five of us, all women, in a double room and a triple roon. The rooms were very clean and reasonable size. Comfortable beds. Wireless Internet access in room. One of the beds in the triple room was faulty. The staff were friendly and courteous when the problem was raised and the three were moved into a superior room whilst we were out for the evening. Continental breakfast was included in the room rate 65.00 per night. A choice of cereal, fruit juice, fresh fruit, bread rolls and croissants, tea and coffee was more than adequate. Easy 5 min walk to New Kings Rd or 15 mins to Fulham Broadway for buses into the city centre. Two buses C3 or 310 pass by the hotel. Taxi into town 17.00 average.	
Jul 9 2006	Good hotel ....	Great hotel if you don't mind staying slightly out of the centre of town. Easy to get back into town but you need to factor that in. Located in a good area, though I was only there for one night as part of tour so didn't get to explore it very much. The service was good, though they had just opened when I stayed there and so didn't have everything working like clockwork yet.Rooms were very nice and the bar downstairs is nice. A really nice hotel to stay in for the price and location!	
Jul 3 2006	Excellent Value	I stayed 5 nights (May 13- May 18,2006). The air conditioned room was very clean,modern, and quiet. The housekeeping staff were efficient and curtious with the room being made up each day. Each day started out with a 15 minute walk to the Fulham/Boradway Tube Station, which I rather enjoyed,and then found it easy to get to the places such as the Tower of London,Windsor Castle etc.). The location of the Hotel wasn't an issue for me.I had breakfast twice at the Hotel and also ate in the Bar a few times. Both, the food and the service were nothing remakable, but ok. I asked a few questions at the front desk and received brief business like answers with a lack of humour or friendliness. No smiles or small talk. Overall,my stay was enjoyable, mainly due to condition and cleanliness of the room and rates charged (65 per night). I encountered no problems and would recommend staying at the Jurys Inn in Chelsea.	
Jun 30 2006	Reasonable Hotel Reasonable Location	My father and I recently stayed 4 nights (65 GBP/night w/o breakfast) at the Jury's Inn Chelsea which I had booked based on the strength of the Tripadvisor reviews. The hotel itself is well-appointed with clean, adequately furnished rooms, a bit on the small side although sufficient. Although the coffee maker and water/ice dispenser are a nice added touch, no wireless was available and HS was a princely 5 GBP/hour or 10GBP/day.Based on the ambiguity of the reviews, I must add my support to those who think the hotels' location as somewhat remote. As an avid runner I would consider myself to be reasonably fit but I could not bring my time my walking time to Fullham Broadway (the closest tube station) under 15 minutes without breaking into a run, a time which could easily stretch to 20-25 minutes for those walking at a more casual pace or those carrying a few extra pounds. Also keep in mind that the distance is agonizingly long following a day of walking around central London.Then there is the bang-for-the-buck factor. One thing London is not is cheap; nor is it known for the high quality of its hotels. Bottom line is that Jury's Inn Chelsea is probably one of the better 3 star hotels in London and also one of the cheapest. However, if location is what you want, spend the extra money and get an inferior hotel closer to the center of town.	
Jun 26 2006	Good Value	My partner and I stayed here for a weekend. The staff members were helpful and friendly, the room had a decent size and was clean. We found the kettle for tea and coffee a nice touch. Clearly, the downside is the location – Fulham Broadway Tube station is just a little too far away to be convenient. Then again, the 391 and C3 buses passed regularly and on time, just in front of the hotel. A black cab from Soho at night cost us 17 Pounds. All in all, we thought the Jurys Inn was a good deal for a London hotel.	
Jun 11 2006	bad service	We stayed at Jurys Inn , Chelsea , London, May 7th to 12th-2006.The hotel standard was ok, and also the price. It was not good situasjon when we wanted to visit London down-town every day. But, the service from the staff was terrible. A few of the staff in the reseption were seviceminded, but most of them were not serviceminded, and seem tired of guest and not polite. Also some persons in the breakfast-room were impolite and rude. So we will not go back to Jurys Inn, Chelsea, London	
Apr 29 2006	Good value but indifferent staff	I chose Jurys Inn Chelsea to stay for one night with my twin sons and daughter and was able to book three rooms online at £65 each which I thought represented excellent value for money. The hotel is clean and the rooms reasonably sized. We had a snack meal in the bar which was expensive and breakfast the following day was also extra and unexceptional but OK. The hotel is a little far out from town but at the price I could not really complain. We taxied into town for a meal and a show and with five of us sharing the ride the actual cost per head was probably not much more than taking the tube.I would have to say that some, but not all, of the staff were a little unfriendly. The young ladies on Reception in particular seemed to be struggling with their English language skills and found it difficult to crack a smile and shortly after we arrived there was a slightly alarming argument between two of the restaurant/ kitchen staff that took place in the lobby much to the consternation of the guests just checking in.On Sunday morning as we were leaving to catch various trains back North we asked Reception to arrange for a taxi. After a lengthy telephone call the girl on Reception announced that she couldn't say how long it would take for one to arrive and suggested we try and flag one down outside - in the rain and on a quiet street where there was hardly any traffic, let alone black cabs passing by. Eventually after about 30 minutes a cab arrived but I did feel that a Hotel of that standard should have been able to summon a cab far more quickly (the Kings Road is about 3 or 4 minutes away) and there was no real concern or apology expressed.However, all in all we were very happy with our stay there and can recommend Jurys Inn as a place to stay in London.	
Mar 5 2006	As good as the reviews I read in Trip Advisor	My two children and I stayed in Jurys Inn Chelsea for two nights during the February school mid-term break. I had reviewed quite a number of hotels throughout London prior to making a booking, and the location and price, £65 per night, added to the great reviews in Trip Advisor, helped in making the final decision of where to stay in London.The hotel was very clean and very comfortable, and the staff very friendly and helpful. Breakfast wasn't included in the price, but having heeded other travellers reviews about the breakfast, we ate elsewhere. We had had a snack on arrival, and the quality and standard wasn't great.Getting to the hotel was quite easy, taking a tube to either Earls Court followed by a C3 bus directly to the hotel, or as we did during our stay, we walked the 12 mins or so to Fulham Broadway and got the tube from there. I would certainly recommend this hotel for price and location when choosing somewhere to stay in London.	
Feb 5 2006	Good	I was in Jury's Inn Chelsea 4 nights (28/01 until 1/02). I booked it in a web and the final price of all stay was 335 Euro including continental breakfast, paying a little more you get the English breakfast,it offers the tipical hot foods. The continental breakfast was good, but there wasn't a lot choices.The room was good for the price, the bed it's very comfortable for me. The windows isolate well the noise from outside, the Tv was a Phillips 21 inches but only was tunned a few UK channels. Like the last review, the options to move to center of london are limited but for me the best option it's get a London Bus Pas. At 50 meters of hotel there are the C3 and de 391, for reach the center of London you can stop at the junction of Lot's Road/King's Cross and then catch the bus number 11(Westmister Abbey/Trafalgar Square) or stop in Fulham Road and catch the bus number 14(Kensington/Hyde Park Corner/ Picadilly Circus).No more, sorry for my english level, I have to improve it.	
Feb 5 2006	Very Happy with BA's deal!	We were very happy with the Jury's Inn. We stayed there as part of a deal with BA. The room was large, spacious and CLEAN. The bathroom was huge and nice (no bathtub though) especially for the price.The staff were very helpful, even while waiting on very large groups that were staying there and they made sure to assist the individual traveler. We arrived very late one night and due to the phone system (not wanting to initate a call from my room) and no phone card, they let us &quot;quickly&quot; call the states to tell relatives we were there and safe.The only negative thing I have to report is the location. Due to the exchange rate we were looking to save money and had to walk from the tube stop to the hotel....which is about 15 to 20 min (one night it poured and of course no taxis in site). There are also no traditional pubs close by, although there is a pub in the hotel.I would definitely stay here again if watching my budget! Especially b/c most reviews of London hotels describe small, dirty rooms and this was the exact opposite!	
Jan 31 2006	Nice Hotel Enjoyed Our Stay	We were 3 adults sharing a room a weekend in Jan. The hotel was very clean and the staff I found to be friendly. It is in a very nice, upscale neighborhood, but it is distant from everything. You can catch a cab (about £8 from Earl's Court Tube) or catch the 391 to Fulham Broadway or C3 to Earl's Court Tube. The bus is not difficult, but we did opt for cabs our first two days. Kings Road has some very nice resturants (we ate at Ed's, because we couldn't agree on anything else). There were ice machines on every floor and the bathroom was super clean. Plus there were enough towels for all of us. Overall, it was good!	
Jan 16 2006 	Regular visitor	I regularly stay at the jurys in Chelsea for work purposes and always have a pleaseant stay. Rooms are a good size and always clean whilst the customer service is impeccable- I came to the reception one evening looking particularly tired and the receptionist made me a hot chocolate! Can get a bit noisy however, so I would be inclined to recommend earplugs. Apparently there is a cafe in the new St George's development across the road which does a very nice (cheap) breakfast.	
Dec 27 2005	Enjoyable	We, my mate and I have stayed here a few times now. From the front desk to the maids everyone is very nice and helpful. We always get a room on an upper floor with a great view. Living in the desert of Arizona I love the interesting things one sees when one looks out the window. The hotel it self is clean and modern with nice rooms to relax in. The bar is great for a beer or wine at the end of the day. I would not reccomend it for the food though, terrible hahahhaha. Oh well. We have had breakfast a few times in the restaurant and it is not the best one can find, but ok if one does not want to forage. Some feel the location is too remote from the actual city center. I do not mind this at all as we can walk a variety of ways to the tube and see some great neighborhoods and some wonderful shops. Two bus lines stop right out front of the hotel. One to Broadway Fulham and one to Earls Court at which one can join the tube. So if you are not one who has to have everything at ones door step this is a great place to stay. We have directed family and freinds to stay here, they all loved it.	
Dec 6 2005	Great Bargain!!	Jurys Inn Chelsea was excellent for the price. I reserved the room at 59.00 pounds a night. Myself and two brothers stayed in a room for five nights. The staff was very pleasant and helpful. We found it easy to get to the heart of London by taking the C3 bus to either Clapham Junction or Earl's Court for easy access to the Underground. The room was clean and food from the restaurant was tasty but pricey. Our view was the construction of some very pricey condos being built. The hotel was surprisingly close to the Thames River. We'd stay again.	
Dec 1 2005	Highly Recommended	My mother, brother and myself stayed at the Jury Inn in Chelsea for 3 nights a couple of weeks ago. I thought the hotel was excellent. The room was spacious and clean and the staff were very friendly and helpful when we asked for directions. It was a 10-15 walk to the Fulham Broadway tube station but this did not bother us at all, there is frequent buses for those who prefer not to walk. From the tube it was just about another 10 mins to get into the centre of London. The only downside was the price of breakfast which was £9.50 but with the rooms being so cheap this does not add to much in the total cost of staying there. I would definately use this hotel for my next trip to London.	
Oct 31 2005	Highly Recommend	This hotel was great value and quality for the cost. Highly recommend. Room was excellent – we had 1 double bed and 1 single bed. Bedspreads, blankets, pillows and sheets were very clean. In addition, bathroom was very clean too. Mattresses appeared to be newer as they were very comfortable. Halls were quiet at night, very relaxing. We did not wake up in time for the breakfast in the morning, so I can not comment on that. Bar in the lobby was great for a glass of wine before bed. A minor drawback for some travelers is its located a little bit away from the Tube stop – but it is easy to walk from the hotel (cute neighborhood and shops along the way – very safe) and you can get anywhere in London via the Tube.	
Oct 16 2005	Decent place	My husband and I took advantage of British Airways' promotion on airfare and hotel. We got 2 free nights here. They were both nice to accommodate us and switch our days to our first and last day of vacation. The hotel itself is very new and modern.Our room was clean and spacious for two. The adjoining pub and restaurant were adequate. However, it is situated on the outskirts of everything. You have to walk 10-15 minutes to the Fulham-Broadway tube station. Not great when you are toting luggage. The bus was sporadic and was not as easy to figure out as the subway. We basically used the hotel to launch our vacation out and back into town. I would stay more central to town if I was sightseeing London. The buses stopped running at midnight and you had go to Earl's Court on Saturday to catch the Wimbledon line. WE discovered that after wasting an hour at Westminister. It seems to be a nice hotel but not recommended for central London travel unless you are willing to walk and commute. I believe I read that a tube station was proposed nearby for December 2005. I would confirm that before booking. I did like this hotel and location was the only factor.Oh yeah, we ate at a restaurant outside the Fulham Broadway station. Please pass by TGI Friday and head to El Metro at 10-12 Effie rd.It's right at the top of the intersections after you walk out of the station. It is Spanish food but had a menu to please all. Good band and atmosphere. Save some fish for the local black kitty with the blue collar. He/she seemed quite happy with my menu choice. I was too. Lots of people walking around this area,many single women so it seemed like a safe area.	
Oct 11 2005	Nice hotel shame about the walk!	I stayed at the Jury's Inn last weekend. It was very good value for money and the hotel was modern and very clean. The only down side is that it is a good 15 minute walk from the nearest tube station (Fulham Broadway) which becomes a bit wearing.	
Sep 20 2005 	Wonderful customer service!	We stayed here 3 nights and were so impressed with the staff. They went out of their way to make our stay comfortable. The hotel is quite nice, if a bit out of the way. But a short walk brings you to Kings Road which offers lovely shops and restaurants. The tube stop was about a 10 walk and buses drop off right at the front of the hotel. When the Imperial Wharf development is completed this will be a real destination area. The Chelsea Football Club is close to the hotel and is a great place to buy souvenirs. While in the area go to the Chelsea Bun Diner a few blocks away-great breakfasts! As the sign on the tube stop says &quot;life begins at Fulham Broadway&quot;	
Sep 11 2005	This felt like the middle of nowhere ...	Jury's Inn Chelsea is a new hotel and although very clean, the room was fairly tiny. When checking in, I asked for an upper floor (for the view) but when I added that it had to be a smoking room, was told that smokers were relegated to the 2nd floor only. For this reason alone, I would not stay here again. Other than that, as soon as the neighborhood development catches up, it will be a very nice place, however, as of right now (Sept. 2005), one has to walk at least 15 minutes to the nearest pub! The Thames is very close by (although, as I mentioned, from the 2nd floor, I could not see it from my bedroom window!) Don't bother hanging the &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign on your doorknob, by the way, as housekeeping will indeed disturb you, no matter what. Although I only paid 49 pounds per night at Jury's, I still wasn't happy with it because it didn't even feel like I was in London, due to the remote location. Access to civilization was obtainable via bus or tube but to me, one of the charms of London (like New York) is that everything is (usually) right outside your door with no need for public transportation. I would not stay here again, due (mainly) to the poor treatment of smokers, tiny rooms and its out-of-the-way location.	
Sep 9 2005	Excellent value hotel	I just returned home to Dublin after spending 5 nights in the Jurys Inn Chelsea with my parents. We got a triple room for 60 pound which we all thought was excellent value. The room were very modern, clean, well appointed and spacious. We made several requests to housekeeping and reception during our stay which were all accommodated quickly and without fuss. The hotel itself was very pleasant, bright and modern. The bar was very open and had a large plasma screen. We did eat in the bar once for lunch and it was only ok. You could get something better in Fulham or Earl's Court.As Imperial Road was closed, we ended up catching the C3 bus to Earls Court tube station most days, and it was then a short tube ride to the city. We also walked to Fulham Broadway station occassionally which took about 15mins. All trains and buses were very regular (every 10mins or so).On our last day, we had a late flight and so we were able to get a late checkout of 2pm. They also stored our bags for the rest of the day. Getting to the hotel from Heathrow was very easy and only takes 37mins to Earls Court. Just get the Picadilly Line direct to Earls Court station. This costs 2.10pound for an adult. You can then catch the C3 bus from Earls Court road to the hotel for 1.20pound (about 10mins). Overall we had a great time in this hotel and would definately return.	
Aug 14 2005	Great Value	I stayed at Jury's Inn Chelsea based on the reviews I read on Trip Advisor and I'm glad I did. I got a great deal of 50 pounds per night. It is in a nice residential area of Fulham which made me feel like a local. I stayed for two weeks - from 1-12 August. My goal was to spend most of the time in Central London and just have a place to sleep. The hotel was wonderful. The beds are very comfortable and I slept very well. There wasn't much traffic outside so it was very quiet. The room was kept very clean. I only ate there twice so I can't comment on the food, but the breakfast is a buffet style for 9.50 pounds. There's a bus that runs along Imperial Road #391 which wasn't running due to a water main break, but there's another bus around the corner, #C3. I only used it once because it was raining. I walked to Fulham Broadway station every other day. It's about 15 minutes but it's a very nice walk. I did get lost on the way there the first day. If you follow the directions on the hotel websie, just remember when you get out of the Tube to cross the street at TGI Fridays. The first road to the left there is Harwood Road. Fulham Broadway also has a Starbucks in the mall there, which is where I ate breakfast every morning. There's a Boots (pharmacy) and a Sainsbury (grocery store) there as well. It was also an easy commute to Heathrow Airport and both Fulham Broadway and Earl's Court stations have elevators/lifts. I took some photos by the hotel for your reference. All in all I had a wonderful trip and if I go back to London, I will stay there again.	
Aug 2 2005	Great Hotel - Great Value	My wife and I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights from 18-22 July and got a great internet rate of £49 per night. The room was big and bright (one wall was all glass) and had A/C. The staff were very pleasant and helpful. Check-in, check-out and a request for an iron &amp; ironing board were quickly dealt with. It’s a (safe &amp; flat) 10 min walk to Fulham Broadway tube and bars/restaurants. It has a large bar which like most hotel bars is a but soulless but at least it stays open till 1.30am if you really need a final drink before turning in. We had our car with us and secure car parking is available 5 mins walk away and cost us £94. It’s expensive but still cheaper than parking rates in the centre of London. Tip: the parking payment machines only accept cash so make sure you have plenty before going to your car! The hotel is very handy for Stamford Bridge (15 mins walk) if you are ever lucky enough to get a ticket for a Chelsea match. If I had to take my car into London I would definitely use the hotel again.	
Jul 24 2005	Wonderful Hotel	Our family stayed at the Jury's Inn Chelsea for three nights, July 13-16, 2005. It is clean, new and the staff very helpful. There are no special soaps or shower caps and such in the bathrooms, but there is a coffee maker and hair dryer in the room. The rooms were spacious, and the air conditioning a life saver as it was sweltering hot when we were there. The walk to the Fulham Broadway tube station is pleasant, whether day or night, and only takes about 12 minutes at a normal walking pace. If you prefer the bus, it is outside of the hotel and takes about 20 minutes to get to Earl's Court tube station. We highly recommend this hotel and will definitely stay there in the future. The area itself is one of the up and coming districts of London.	
Jun 27 2005	Fab Hotel-Great Value	I stayed at this hotel from the 24th-26th June with my girlfriend on a short trip away. As we arrived early our room was unavailable so the hotel took in our bags which let us free to do what ever we wanted. The staff were very friendly although some were of foreign nationality and were not as welcoming as others. The room was very spacious and very clean. The cleaners completley cleaned our room when we were out and replaced all the towels which may be normal in all hotels but they were very efficient. We only left for about an hour and when we came back our room was completely spotless. As it was very hot in London the Air Con in our room was very useful. We were originally booked to stay in a different hotel but after reading reviews for the hotel on this site im glad I changed. The 15 minute walk to the tube station is only a nuiscance when you are carrying suitcases. Its a nice area to walk along and if you are only carrying normal shopping bags you dont even feel the time pass. There is a bus stop bout 30secs away from the hotel if your not up for walking which will bring you to the front door of the tube station. The hotel facilitated us for a late check out which was very handy and they stored or bags again until we were ready to get out flight. I didnt try the breakfast but the prices seem to be reasonable for both breakfast and dinner. All in all this is a very nice hotel. I will definately be staying here again when I return to london.	
Jun 26 2005	Good value but only book it if you like walking!	We stayed at the hotel in June 2005 for four nights. The hotel was clean and the room was spacious with a nice bathroom and lots of towels.It was good value compared with many hotels I looked at.However, it is a good 15 minute walk from Fulham Broadway tube station (and I am not a slow walker).You can catch a bus from the hotel to the tube station (and back), bus no. 391 passes the hotel, it costs £1.20 single. You can pay on the bus. The buses run frequently, about every 15 minutes, even in the evening. If you get a one-day or three-day travel card from the tube station, this covers bus travel too. I would recommend buying a travel card.When you are getting the tube back to Fulham Broadway, I would recommend getting any District Line train and getting off at Earl's Court if it is not going to Wimbledon, you then maximise your chances of getting the train you want, as the District Line splits into several different directions. (This may sound confusing but if you look at an Underground map you'll see what I mean!)Fulham Broadway Underground Station has a newly built shopping centre with many restaurants and a cinema complex, also a Starbucks and a Sainsburys, so it is very convenient to eat there or buy food to eat later.	
Jun 12 2005	4 star-Cheap rates	We stayed at the Jury's Inn Chelsea early June 2005. We booked through their web site and got a great deal. The rooms were clean and nicely furnished. I would rate this a 4 star. The only problem was location. It quite a walk to the subway. Breakfast downstairs was a little confusing. 9 quid for the continental breakfast and 12 for the complete breakfast with eggs. There were buses nearby but of course you can't use them until you already have a ticket. All things considered even if you take a cab from the subway back to the hotel and visa versa it is still a good value.	
May 23 2005	Good hotel - but check the location	We had a short stay here in early May. It is a very attractive, modern hotel with pleasant, airy rooms, and is in a residential area. However, do not be fooled by the address - it is in Fulham, not in Chelsea, and it is a good 15 walk from Fulham Broadway tube station (get directions from the hotel before you leave home, or you might get lost like we did!); a taxi back from the theatre at 11pm one night cost us £25 plus tip - so what you save on the cost of the hotel you might well end up spending on transport.The food in the bar is good and is reasonably priced; breakfast is okay and not expensive at £9 a head. Staff were helpful and polite, apart from when we checked in and the staff member answered the phone 3 times while trying to find our room on her computer.Overall this is a good, reasonably priced hotel, but it takes time and money to get into central London from here.	
May 9 2005	Disappointing on a Match Night	Oh dear. Before you stay at the Jury's Inn, Chelsea, check whether Chelsea FC are playing at home at Stamford Bridge football ground. Unfortunately, I had booked to stay here with my young niece (due to the good reviews I had read here) but the hotel was absolutely heaving with Chelsea supporters singing and chanting. It was basically like being on the terraces. We tried to eat in the restaurant and actually had trouble hearing the waitress above all the chanting in the bar 50 feet away. I don't know how much the hotel is at fault here - I don't know if they actually aim to sell to the football crowds or if they can't control the situation - I felt really aggrieved, though, to be stuck in that situation without warning. There were a few other problems as well. The restaurant just suddenly decided to close for half an hour mid-evening because they said they were busy. The bar was out of the question because of the football supporters so we were stuck hungry and stranded for a while. I had to ask for the manager and then after ten minutes they seated us. The bedroom was noisy for various reasons (for one, it was over the bar!). I had booked a twin room, but no such thing exists in this hotel - you just get a camp bed in the room for your second bed. My niece sat down on this and it promptly tipped over backwards (it was broken) so we had to put the mattress on the floor for her to sleep. In the morning, the breakfast was mainly OK but there was no butter (only margarine) and the coffee was instant. I can hardly remember ever being given instant coffee at a B-and-B let alone a three-star hotel. I'm really surprised that I had such a bad experience when most of the other reviews on this site are so good. I can only assume the hotel was having an 'off day'. There were some pluses so I really ought to make those clear to be fair to the hotel. The room was large, and well equipped apart from the lack of a proper second bed. The bathroom was huge. I also have to say that the whole place was absolutely spotless - I've seldom seen such a clean hotel - which does count for a lot. Also, the staff were all pleasant enough. We only paid 70 GBP for a twin room with breakfast, which I know is very cheap by London standards, but I really wouldn't stay here again unless I knew that it wasn't a match night.	
Apr 28 2005	Loved it!!!	I stayed at the Jurys Inn for 2 weeks and it was great! My husband and I stayed there for 2 weeks for our honeymoon. It was perfectly located in a beautiful upscale residential area - away from the hustle and bustle tourist areas. It was clean, and the staff very accomodating. We made ourselves very at home there!	
Apr 5 2005	Great Value	Stayed here the first day/night after traveling for half a day. Excellent value for how reasonably priced they are - very comfortable and in general a very accomodating staff. Location is lacking though - 15 minute walk to the Fulham/Broadway Tube station (Zone 2) but there are bus stations within a 5 minute walk if you want to go that route. Area near the Tube station is pretty lively with many pubs, restaurants, internet cafes, etc. Area surrounding the hotel is very industrial. An okay walk during the day to/from the Tube, but a little eerie at night. Very comfortable room - each room has individual a/c/heat control. Our room had a huge bathroom and lots of space in the main room. They have ice/water machines in the hallways if you're scared of drinking the London tap water. Breakfast was kind of expensive, but since there didn't seem to be any other options nearby and had to get to the airport, we were stuck. I guess there are plans for building a Tube station closer to the hotel, which would increase the chances we'd stay here again. We also stayed at Jurys Inn in Galway and Limerick - overall we've a good impression of this chain.	
Apr 2 2005	Two Thumbs Up!	It's hard to find fault with a brand new hotel that has all the amenities, including a wonderful continental breakfast. The atmosphere reminds me of a giant IKEA ... very modern in furnishings and architecture. We too were allowed into our room early (before 10:30 am) even though it wasn't ready for us when we arrived. We only had to wait in the lobby for about 20 minutes before we were given the keys. We didn't find the location bothersome at all, in fact it's very quiet around the hotel with very light traffic. We did walk to the Fulham Broadway tube station a few times, but found that hopping the C3 bus right outside the hotel got us to Earl's Court tube station in about 5 minutes (very handy at night). PS - We got 2 nights here as part of our British Airways air package also. Made the cost of the plane tickets well worth it.	
Apr 2 2005	EXCELLENT IN EVERY WAY!!	What a SUPERB hotel! Stayed for a long weekend in Mid March 05 and I cannot praise the hotel OR the staff highly enough. I am a disabled lady - not needing a wheelchair - but restricted in mobility and using a stick. The staff here were both attentive, helpful, pleasant - one even offered to go to the shop for me - 10 minutes away - and with the ok of the manager on duty when they discovered there was something I wanted which they couldnt supply!!! How often would you be offered THAT level of service and attention? The room was spotless...329..a corner room with a lovely big window. The bathroom was ideal - plenty of room and a lovely low bath! Nothing was too much trouble at this hotel... I was fortunate enough to be picked up by friends each day from the hotel and so did not have any travel arrangements to make but on the occasion when I needed a taxi to the station, again, the hotel did everythign and were VERY efficient! I booked through lastminute which went INCREDIBLY smoothly with everything done and waiting for me on arrival and a permitted late check in which was also MOST helpful and incredibly efficient! The only thing I could say which might improve anything here, was that apparently, if I had booked it through visitlondon.com, it would have been about the same price, but would haveincluded full breakfast too and no credit card charge. Please...book this hotel with confidence...SPOTLESSLY clean and an EXCELLENT staff!	
Mar 30 2005	Good value if the location suits you	We had two &quot;free&quot; nights at Jurys Inn Chelsea as part of a British Airways special. They gave us our room before noon which was nice - having arrived at Heathrow at 7:00am. We must have been upgraded from a standard room for it was large with a 10 foot bow window on the 5th floor overlooking a tiny bit of the Thames. The rest of the view was of the very busy construction of a major development on adjacent Chelsea Wharf. When this is finished sometime next year there will be many more amenities next door. The area was once quite seedy with a major gas works nearby. It is becoming very posh with yacht basin and expensive condos.The location is still unknown to taxi drivers so download a map of the area to save a lot of blind searching. The location is not a problem if you know how to get around in London. The best value in the whole city is to go up a few blocks to King's Road and take the No.11 bus to Liverpool Street Station. It takes you past the Parliament Buildings, St-Paul's Cathedral and many of the most popular sights - all for £1. Starting from Chelsea you should be able to get the top front seat on a double-decker. You are a two minute walk from a water taxi which will take you to Westminster and from there you can get a boat to Greenwich or up to Kew. We went down to Greenwich for the first time and the riverside was very interesting and Greenwich Park is large, beautiful and free.The hotel is very clean and new. They provide the best complimentary continental breakfast we have experienced. The so-called pub has all the charm of a McDonalds complete with monster television but has good beer. The fish and chips served in the pub was fishsticks - 'orrible! A cheeseburger in the restaurant is £10 but that's London and no one goes there for the food!	
Mar 28 2005	Excellent Hotel	We stayed in Jurys Innn Chelsea for three nights (Mar 17-20, 2005) &amp; found it magnificent. When you stay a Jurys Hotel/Inn you are guaranteed quality. Our room was on the 6th floor with great views of London. As the hotel is only newly opened it is in pristine condition. The room itself is tastefully decorated, has a great bathroom &amp; everything you would expect from a modern hotel. From browsing previous posts on this site with regards to the location of the hotel I would like to give my opinion on the subject. The nearest tube station (Fulham Broadway) is a nice short 10min walk from the hotel. As the weather in London was unseasonalbly good (20c mid-March) it seemed only a stone's throw away. A tube into central London (Oxford Circus) takes approx 10-15min. The general area is mainly residential, settled &amp; quiet &amp; extremely safe. You are never going to have a perfectly located hotel close to all the attractions in any city. At night when we ventured into the West End to socialise we took a cab home with cost £20.With London being such a big city I firmly believe Jurys Inn to be a great value option &amp; would heartily recommend it to anyone thinking of visiting London in the not to distant future. You will not be dissapointed! P.S. For a great restaurant try 1492 Latin Fusion in nearby Fulham (404 North End Road).	
Mar 13 2005	A hidden gem	I just returned from a six night stay at the Jurys Inn Chelsea. We had a fantastic stay and would definitely stay there again. Our room was ready when we arrived early (an unexpected treat) and the room was better than I had expected. I had read the hotel rooms in London were tiny, but this one was actually a bit bigger than I had imagined. The coffee/tea in the room was great after a long day, and after mastering &quot;hairdryer in drawer&quot; styling technique, that was OK too. There were plenty of pillows and towels (not quality towels though) and the beds were pretty comfortable. The rooms were very quiet and we had a nice view of the Thames (though off to the left a bit.) The bathrooms were great, again not huge but well laid out and great water pressure in the shower (once I figured out the adjustments). The continental breakfast was good and the restaurant meal we had was great (and not expensive for Chelsea area). The staff were very friendly and helpful, very attentive and smiling. Much has been written about the location, being too far out, inconvenient, etc. Well I loved where the hotel is located. After a busy day in the heart of London, it was relaxing to come &quot;home&quot; to our quiet little section of the city. The bus to Earl's Court was right out front and in the morning only took about 5 - 7 mins.(about 15-20 in the eve). We walked to two fantastic restaurants on the King's Road (Chutney Mary &amp; Jim Thompson's); an easy walk (10-15 mins.) With the new train station arriving and Imperial Wharf and Chelsea Harbor building up, this hotel won't be a bargain for long. Enjoy it while it's a hidden gem!	
Feb 1 2005	Would stay there again.	Stayed there January 05. A newer hotel that I would equate with a newer motel 6 in the US. The room was a spacious corner room but the bath was rather small although it was a full 3 piece bath. The room price included a basic continental breakfast however for 3 pounds you can have a full breakfast which I did while my wife had the continental breakfast. We were satisfied with the food. The most complaints about this hotel is the distance from the tube station. We timed it and it was a 15 minute walk and we felt safe at night. The next day we took the bus which was easy and cost 1.20 pounds. The bus made the tube station easily accessible so the location became a moot issue. The hotel bar was nice and drinks fairly priced (for London). I would see no reason not to stay there again. Very pleasant and helpful staff.	
Jan 20 2005	Great Hotel! - Location Not an Issue for Us	My wife and I recently spent 6 days at the Jury’s Inn Chelsea in London. We had a special offer of 2 free nights through British Airways in connection with the Detroit-London tickets we had purchased, and this was one of the 5 hotels we could choose from. Initially we were a little worried about the comments that other reviewers had made about the distance from the London Underground. Once there, however, we found this to not be a problem at all, and were very pleased overall with the hotel.The hotel itself is quite new, and modern in style. All the amenities are of very high quality and in fine working order. The hotel staff are all generally quite helpful and accommodating. I cannot vouch for whether they were knowledgeable about London, as I did not question them too much on such issues. I should note that in particular, they were quite helpful in accommodating us for an early check-in almost 4 hours before the regular check-in time, although we did travel in January, a typically slow travel time. We were grateful for that after not being able to sleep too much on our overnight transatlantic flight and arriving in London at 6:30am.The room itself was on the small end by American standards, but is probably relatively large for the UK. The bathroom and room amenities, such as the TV, phone, climate control, were all new, of a high quality, and in fine working condition. The room and bathroom was clean, and the housekeeping did a fine job of keeping it that way. Noise was never and issue. There is a restaurant and bar in the hotel, and a complimentary Continental breakfast was included each morning, and was substantial enough for our needs. If it is not, an upgrade to a Full English breakfast is available too. A downside to the hotel is that aside from these facilities, there aren’t any others within a few minutes walking distance, although that will probably change during the development of the Imperial Wharf area.There has been much comment on the distance of the hotel from public transport. We did not find this to be an issue. The Fulham Broadway Underground station is a pleasant 10-minute walk away and can easily be walked regularly. The neighborhood seemed quite safe, even when we walked home once after midnight. In addition, the 391 Bus Stop is a 2-minute walk away, and runs relatively frequently. Even on Sundays, the bus runs every 10 minutes (every 15 minutes, later in the evening), so the wait is never long. The walk is about as quick as the bus when you consider the waiting time, but the bus might be preferable if it is raining. In hindsight, I do not consider the location of the hotel to be an issue at all. The Tube is quite close, and once you are on, everything in London is in easy reach. We either took the bus, the tube or walked the whole 6 days. We did not need a taxi once, even when we stayed out late at night. Also, in and around the Fulham Broadway station there are many fine pubs, restaurants, banks, shops, and a supermarket. The location of the hotel will improve even more soon, as an Imperial Wharf Tube station is proposed, and I believe it might open as early as mid-2005, but that timing should be confirmed with Transport for London. This station is going to be just around the corner from Jury’s Inn Chelsea. We did not really have any complaints about the hotel, but a few minor details to note are as follows. The addition of an iron and ironing board in the room, and moving the hair dryer from the desk by the TV to the bathroom would be appreciated. Maps of the local area in the hotel guide would have been helpful. There is a payphone in the lobby, but it set up such that toll free calls cannot be made, so I was unable to use the prepaid calling card I had to make calls – the charges from the room phone were unreasonably high, as it usually the case for hotel phones. All minor issues.We certainly recommend this hotel without reservations to anyone in London for a short stay, be it for business or leisure. I would not hesitate to stay there again if we were in London, as we were pleasantly surprised by our stay.	
Dec 20 2004	Clean quiet but a way off track	I stay in hotels most week nights so I review this one from some experience.Room - excellent. New, clean , fresh, quiet .. its only 8 months old so its what I would expect.Restaurant - light , airy, nightly specials, food a good quality, very limited menu however. Not for cosy 1-2-1's. Staff adequate.Reception - very helpful.Breakfast - they never took my room number so I had 3 free breakfasts !. Staff lacking in morning. Good traditional spread.Location - near lovely Chelsea harbour .. but about 800yds from nearest pubs; restaurants; shops. Tube is 1.5 miles away. Taxi is £20 to west end. Its actually refreshing to be away from the hustle and bustle. IMHO	
Nov 24 2004	Nice but inconveniently located	My husband and I stayed here our last night in London for our honeymoon in early October. We had stayed the first part at the Copthorne Tara, which was older but much more convenient for mass transportation and resturants, shops, etc. We arrived back in London from two days in Edinburgh and were disappointed in how far the tube station was from the hotel. We had to take a cab, since no one at the tube station seemed to know which bus we needed. We ran into the same problem the next morning upon checkout--we had an early flight and couldn't take the bus so we called for a cab. He took us back to the Fulham Broadway tube station, which was not yet open. We had to have him drive us all the way to Victoria station to catch the train to Gatwick. It's not a cheap ride.On the bright side, the Jurys Inn Chelsea was obviously brand new, with a modern color scheme and furnishings, updated bathrooms and comfortable beds. The staff was exceptionally nice; we chatted with the lady at the desk for a few minutes about our travels and she congratulated us on our wedding, etc. She was very personable and made us feel welcome. Our room was comfortable and quiet. We didn't hear any noise from other rooms and got our 5 a.m. wake-up call with no problem.Overall, if you've planned your trip to the last detail and need to be in the Chelsea area specifically, the hotel is great. If you're winging it like we were and prefer to be more central and walking distance to the tube, I'd stay in Kensington.	
Nov 9 2004	Ok but the location is the problem	I stayed here recently mostly because it was cheap.PROS:Cheap priceClean and relatively newHigh speed internet accessQuiet areaLarge bathroomNice bedsCentral AirconditioningCONS:The air conditoning unit gave an audible click whenever it started or stopped. I didn't notice it much when I was sleeping. Occassionaly it would just stop though.The shower curtain would not go all the way around because the metal rail holding it had to taped at the joint. This was not an issue for because I am short person, but it might be for a larger person. Also, the shower head is VERY high up, I almost had to stand on my toes to reach it.High speed internet access costs 7 pounds for 1 hour or 15 pounds for 24 hours. Luckily they had not worked out the billing so I wasn't charged, but conversion for the dollar is not good and that is approximately $30 per day.The location to the tube is just awful. If you are by yourself, don't bother using the tube if you have more than two large suitcases. Taxi to and from heathrow is between 40-50 pounds, not cheap but more convient.If you have a family or are couple, and visiting for toursim don't stay here. Stay at central london location, even if it is a little more pricier. The walk to and from Fulham is just very annoying. The bus service is not always easy to wait for.Also, there is nothing around the hotel except residential buildings. No shops, bard, restaraunts, post office, etc.Do not get me wrong this hotel is very nice, but for the tourist just not worth it.	
Oct 18 2004	Very good	Booked a family room (2 adults &amp; 2 children) for a Friday and Saturday Night.BE WARNED: if you book with hoteldirect, they will tell you that the rooms can accommodate TWO chidren. In reality, the kids' bed is a single fold-out sofa bed which was too small to fit my two kids (6 and 8yrs).The manageress (extremely helpful) pointed out that they inform hoteldirect about this, but this agency persists in advertising rooms for 2 kids.Within 5 minutes of pointing out our problem, another put-me-up bed was brought to our room and our daughters were happy!The room was clean, the main bed very comfy, and the bathroom excellent (wonderful shower).Breakfast was good (eat all you like) - we had the continental option, but the full English looked good.The bar is spacious and child-friendly, and served bar snacks until 10pm (ideal after a long journey) - and the number of Irishmen who were in ther is testament to the quality of the Guinness!The hotel is slightly off the beaten track, but you can get the C3 bus up to Fulham Broadway/Kensington or the 391 up to Earl's Court.I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Sep 30 2004	A great choice	I stayed at the Jury's Inn recently for two weeks and really enjoyed the experience. The hotel is quite new. Along with everything being clean and spacious, the staff was very friendly. There is also a great breakfast served each morning in a nice dining room and newspapers are provided. The bar/coffee shop was also quite hopping when I was there.As far as the transportation goes, it works out well once you understand what bus to use. The C3 and 391 pick up and drop off directly outside the hotel, the former going directly to the Earl's Court tube station and the latter going straight to Fulham Broadway. Earl's Court is a very well-located tube stop and can get you most places very easily. Nowhere you stay in London is in the middle of every single place you want to go so you might as well stay at a place like this that has good rates, clean rooms and an attentive staff.	
Sep 27 2004	Very welcoming and helpful	This hotel was fantastic! We were welcomed by a warm staff member and promptly checked in. The rooms are a bit smaller than imagined, but still comfortable. The bathroom is spotlessly clean and all the furniture was new and clean. The staff was very helpful in finding us a cab during tube off-hours among other things. There's a bus that runs about every 20 minutes that takes you to and from the tube but it is a pleasant walk as well. The Fulham Broadway station is like a shopping mall of sorts. Very quaint! I recommend this hotel for its great value.	
Sep 16 2004	Wow! Loved this hotel		
Sep 12 2004	Nice but too far from the Tube		
Aug 16 2004	Jury's Inn Chelsea was an Enjoyable Experience		
Aug 14 2004	Jurys Inn Chelsea: fantastic		
Aug 10 2004	clean new hotel		
Jun 9 2004	great hotel		
Jun 3 2004	Outstanding Value		
May 31 2004	Great new hotel		
May 14 2004	Brand new but still needs to work on things		
May 4 2004 	Great hotel !!		
Oct 25 2009 	?????		
Aug 22 2009 	???????????		
Apr 18 2009	Absolut zu empfehlen		
Mar 30 2009 	carino fuori mano caro non è a chelsea...ti devi fare i chilometri per arrivare alla prima metropolitana (fuhlam broadwa		
Sep 7 2008 	Hotel agréable		
Jul 28 2008 	Hotel bueno aunque lejos del centro		
Jun 13 2008 	Hotel perfecto		
Nov 2 2007 	Muy bueno		
Mar 14 2006	Che tristezza il Jurys Inn Chelsea		
