Nov 8 2009 	good value and location	We arrived in London at Victoria coach station and the hotel was about a 10 minute walk away. The location for us was perfect within walking distance to Victoria bus and train stations a springboard to the rest of London. For those who don't like walking there is a no. 24 bus which stops right outside of the hotel and then takes you to the station. The foyer was having a make over as we arrived, nice marble tiles they are obviously making an effort to make the initial appearance more attractive. We had room 202 which was a good size, the bed was comfortable and clean as was the rest of the room. The bathroom was a plastic purpose built module slotted into the room, okay it was small but it was clean and served the purpose. Breakfast was a basic affair but the food was well cooked and filling, buffet style cooked breakfast with toast and cereal, the waiting staff were friendly and helpful. Overall I think you have to keep in mind the price paid, we paid £65, for a clean and comfortable stay in a hotel at the centre of London which we thought was very good value for money. If you want something more luxurious then I guess the hotels are out there you just have to pay more.	
Nov 6 2009 	Good Location ... beware of the breakfast and bathroom!!	The hotel is situated in a very good location very close to Victoria station.... but the breakfast was horrible no selection of items you just have to order your meal to the waitres no buffet is offered plus they only guve you 2 sausages, 2 eggs and a full can of baked beans unless you complain about it. the bathroom is aproximately 4 feet by 3 feet small you can't even move the shower is so small that water used to go out into our room.	
Oct 29 2009 	Would stay again	Stayed 2 nights hotel was everythig one could expect for price. Rooms wers clean &amp; comfortable. Staff were very pleasent always smiling and said good morning on seeing you for breakfast. Breakfast was self serve and consisted of serial,fried or scrambled eggs,sausages tomatoes &amp; beans plus toast with butter &amp; jam. Fresh orange juice &amp; tea. The hungry traveller could have as much as they could eat.	
Oct 15 2009 	average...	booked a triple room, but gave us a family room. room door cudnt open fully, and hits the double bed. the bathroom... more like a wet room with a tiolet, and was soooo small, almost like they had converted a small closet into a bathroom. we paid a budget price with breakfast so u get wot u pay for. location wise, very close to victoria. but ther are better hotels than this in better location!	
Oct 4 2009 	Not Worth It - Look Elsewhere!!	stayed here for a night, that was too much!! once found and checked in, was given room 112 - which was ''down in the lift, to the lower ground floor, past the breakfast room'' omg!!! it was terrible. we were in our room only minutes before our door, which we had locked, was opened by one of the maids with towels. it was cold (had to ask for a heater) and noisy, as this room was next to the kitchen and back door. our door was then opened a further 3 times, without a knock, by the same maid and her colleague with yet more towels!!! no joke!! i went to reception and complained and got moved up to the 4th floor, which was better, but not great. bathroom is very small and feels like a port-a-loo cabin. will not be staying here again or recommending it!!! you have been warned!!	
Sep 15 2009 	Don't stay here - there are much better hotels close by!!!	My wife and I had the unfortunate pleasure (!!) of staying here the first time we came to London in 2007. We were really unhappy with our choice based on our travel agents recommendation. The room was so small - felt like it was too small even for one person and there were two of us!! We only found out about tripadvisor after our trip - if it had been before we would NEVER have stayed here based on the reviews. The breakfast was average but what we really hated the most was the toilet/shower setup - just a plastic shower and toilet cubicle pushed in the corner of the room and it really stunk!!! Made the room even smaller!! Of course though, the photos on the hotel website don't show this!!!The front door had a sticker with three stars - maybe it would be three stars in a third world country but no way in London!!!We checked out after two days intsead of five.Don't stay here - there are much better hotels close to Victoria station like Rubens!!	
Sep 6 2009 	Horrible and annoying	I stayed in September 2009 as was good location. I WILL NEVER GO BACK. First off, arrived at around 7pm on the friday night and was staying in room with my partner and friend, so one double bed and a single. Room was small, lots of knee knocking and had to wait turns at mirror. Tea and coffee available but kettle looked like it hadnt been washed for years. Walls dirty with scuff marks. Loo was broken and wouldnt flush, and also kept trickling through out the night. In the morning, we got up for breakfast which was just burnt sausages, eggs and pale looking beans (although full english breakfast advertised). Went back to bed as plans fell through to go out and was disturbed by cleaning lady a total of four times before she got the message that we didnt want service. Our room was next to breakfast room and in the basement so from 7am onwards, there was dripping and staff prancing around in the corridors banging doors and also an annoying washing machine above us. It was terrible. I felt I was trying to sleep while bombing was going on around me. Asked for a room change for the next night but no one seemed to care.	
Aug 26 2009 	Decent location and price	New owners breakfast now Cornflakes and Toast extra charge for full english which consists of Egg (Fried or Scambled a burnt sausage and some beans NO TOAST HASH BROWN ETC!!)Not far from Jugged Hair on Vauxhall bridge road good place for a beer and meal	
Jul 24 2009 	Basic and OK	Great location - direct bus just outside to the action and shopping. Small room with tiny bathroom. Clean and cheap. Plus for the cooked breakfast. Places like this usually serve tea &amp; toast.	
Jul 12 2009 	definitely not a 3-star hotel	Arrived late on the Sunday night only to be told that there was no hot water due to the boiler being damaged by a flood in the basement caused by a burst water main the previous day. Not their fault and as such they didn't appear to either care or apologise, their only concern was that they had to point out that there was no hot water. They couldn't give an estimate to when it would be back on - when asked if we would be compensated the answer was a simple &quot;bring it up with your agent&quot;. Spent the rest of the next day looking for an alternative but decided to stay after hot water came on later that evening. All rooms are filled with beds - regardless of their size - if there's room for another bed you can bet it will be there - very limited floor space. Floors and bathroom (pod!) were clean, however bed linen, pillows &amp; curtains were grimy and set off my son's dust allergies. Breakfast was limited to toast, choice of 2 cereals and a cooked option of eggs, sausage and beans. So many little niggles like the lift, signs of botched repairs, everything appears to have been done on the cheap. This hotel is cheap for a reason. Definitely a lesson learned.	
Jul 2 2009 	great location dirty room	this hotel was in a fab location,but, the room was dirty, we arrived late,so there was no excuse. the bed cover was all marks, the floor was dirty as was the mirrors. you couldnt swing a cat in it. saying that the staff were all very nice and helpful. i wouldnt stay again, it reminded me of a hostel, for the young and those on a tight budget,its fine, as i said the location was great.	
Jun 16 2009 	cheaply	we stayed for 4 days. The hotel is very cheaply...bed, bathroom, services, breakfast no bacon, noisy... but fortunately waitress are so nice and very helpful	
May 20 2009 	Rather ordinary	Tiny rooms, bathroom comparable size to that on a cruise ship and dirty bed linen.Average breakfast - full english aparently, but no bacon.Lift that only goes up, you have to walk down the stairs - no big deal but annoying when you have luggage to haul. Good location a short walk to either Victoria Station or Pimlico.	
May 12 2009 	Don't bother - there's better value elsewhere	Two single beds crammed into a room only big enough for one bed. - painfully knocked knees on the bed-end! Hardly any storage space. No kettle or milk - though these were brought along when we mentioned the lack. Curtains and blinds broken, so we couldn't shut out the daylight. Tiny bathroom, broken tap and broken loo - though my partner managed to fix the loo. Alleged English breakfast seemed to consist only of small sausages, scrambled egg and beans - and bread/toast. Though we do grant that the bedroom was very clean, our overall impression was that corners had been cut to maximise profit. Huttons is very poor value for money at over £70 per night - I've stayed in others nearby and done far better.	
May 8 2009 	great location good value for money	Great value for money great location would recommend only short walk to Victoria station or bus stop outside hotel .Hotel clean bathroom facilities small &amp; compact but for price cant complain Cooked breakfast wasnt that good but plenty of toast &amp; cereal Surrounding area nice plenty of cafes or restaurants Would deffinately stay again or recommend to friends . We didnt leave London until late &amp; hotel have room you can leave luggage in &amp; collect later	
Apr 7 2009 	Perfect for adventure	I stayed at Huttons hotel for a whole week between December, 2008 and January, 2009. I was travelling to London with three of my friends for a holiday. We were staying in a four-bed room. The hotel is quite small but cosy. the rooms are ok, nothing special, just all you need for those using the room just to sleep. the only drawback is the bathroom which is extreemly small...but you get used to it!!! the breakfast offered is good and fresh. we had no complains. it was just what we were searching for...something which is relatively cheap, at the centre of London and we were really lucky as the transport of the buses is quite near the hotel (the bus stop is right in front but only one bus passes).The staff is very friendly and they always try to help you out in every query one may have.I would recommend this hotel to those 17-18th year old guys who have a tight budget and want to experiance a crazy week in London!!!	
Mar 18 2009 	A horizontal telephone kiosk.	Hotel rooms in Europe are typically small, but the Hutton is in a class of its own. The single room at which I stayed was precisely 6' 2&quot; (1m 96) square (I'm 6' tall; with my head against one wall, there were two inches of clearance between my feet and the opposite one). Basketball players, or Dutch males, may wish to think twice about booking a stay here. The astonishing tininess of the room aside, your satisfaction with the Hutton is likely to depend principally on how much you paid for it. It's reasonably centrally located: Pimlico and Victoria stations are about 500m away. The no. 24 'bus, which runs throughout the night, passes the front door. It's clean enough, though the furnishings are of the cheapest and plainest. There is almost no heating; the windows are draughty, so the rooms become extremly cold at night. The building is constructed in such a way that nothing can happen in the room immediately above yours without your being aware of it. If, then, you are (i) short; (ii) a sound sleeper; (iii) it is summertime; and (iv) the room is deeply discounted, the Hutton will do for a brief stay. Unless all those things are true, you'd be better advised to look elsewhere.	
Mar 10 2009 	Brilliant location fantastic hotel wonderful service best hotel on a budget	I stayed here for 2 nights with a friend over the weekend. The first thing you notice about the hotel is the cleaniness and welcoming of the staff. The foyer was immaculate and very modern. We asked for a twin room but when we entered the room we thought they had given us an extra large double bed. Infact the beds were pushed up together and could have been seperated quite easily although the bedding was joined over them both so we left it as it was and shared it as a double.The reviews about this hotel aren't always complimentary but I found it excellent for the price we paid for it. The room was large and they changed the towels and made the bed both days we were there. I would highly recommend this hotel and if I go back to London I will most definitely be staying here again.The one thing about the reviews that was accurate was the size of the bathrooms, they are very tiny. They serve the purpose they are there for however but if you are 'that' fussy about a big bathroom then you may want to stay somewhere else.The breakfast was quite basic either fried or scrambled eggs, baked beans, sausages and toast. Cereal, fresh orange and tea and coffee. Dining area was again spacious and modern and very clean. Staff again were very pleasant and helpful.	
Mar 2 2009 	Good location and reasonable rates for New Year's Eve	My family (wife, parents and parents in law) and I spent 3 nights at Huttons hotel from Dec 31st and Jan 3rd 2008 and I can say that it was a good experience at all. I got a very good rate for this period, 72 pounds per night, including continental breakfast. I couldn't expect more than I got considering London at New Year's Eve... I made my reservation almost four months in advance and I didn't face any problems when arriving on Dec 31st. The staff is overall friendly and the hotel is quite clean and organized with an operating lift available. Despite the very tiny loo, the bedroom is suitable for those who want to rest after a tiring day of sightseing. The location is the best part of the stay... It is close to Victoria rail and tube stations and located at a walking distance to Big Ben and London Eye. Of course that it is not true if you are a little bit lazy. It takes 25 min on foot, in average, from the hotel to the Westminster bridge, for instance. I do recommend this hotel if you are looking for a rather comfortable place at reasonable rates.	
Feb 25 2009 	Best value for money	For 39 pounds you get:- a very central location- a clean individual room with WC and shower and hairdryer and TV- a good and clean bed- buffet all you can eat breakfast- and free wifi (although I am not sure it was from the hotel. But it worked)Sure the rooms are small, the bathroom is a prefab cabinet, and you should hope your neighbours are not on a honey moon. But for that money, it's really valuable.	
Dec 19 2008 	it was ok	i stayed in the hotel in march last year with my boyfriend. on arrival we were allowed to check in early. i was quite happy with the hotel, however the location of our room was a bit awkard and hard to get to, the room itself was an ok size and had ok facilities for a short stay, however the bathroom was very small and uncomfortable and was like a portaloo with a shower and also our window in the room wouldnt close correctly, staff was friendly and the breakfast was ok, also the hotel allowed us to leave our bags there after checking out.... completly_ginger@live.com	
Oct 16 2008 	worse hotel in central london	we have just returned from London.We have found this hotel via internet. . we were stayed at Huttons hotel for a night ( THANKS GOD). it situated at belgrave Rd near Victoria station.we never ever come across such a hotel that even meet a basic standard. the room are small, Especially BAHTROOM is very very very very tinyl and dirty. you can't even move or turn without bumping the wall.when you want to take a shower you have to stay very very close to the wall because the shower was just 3 or 4 inch stick out of the wall.and worse than that water run even weaker than my P... we will never ever come back to this hotel again.	
Oct 12 2008 	Smallest Bathroom EVER	The Hotel was nice enough and the staff were friendly. It was in close proximity to Victoria Station which was a definite bonus - however I have never seen a smaller bathroom in my life. There were 3 of us in a room that was really only big enough for 1. There was no room to get undressed in the bathroom let alone shower. You could hardly breathe in the cramped space as it didn't even have an exhaust fan.	
Sep 22 2008 	Good location.. a budget trip	I stayed here for a weekend with my sisters in the triple room (ground floor level). The hotel had noted my request for 3 single beds and it was set out in a good arrangement - we were satisfied. We expected the room to be fairly basic but still could not believe the 'en-suite' was so tiny.. in fact the shower/loo in my parent's caravan is bigger!!! It also had a smell... not pleasant.. (like the whiff of a urinal!!) however it was clean and so was the room. One of the curtains had partly fallen off which allowed the street light to flood the room at night (they sorted this out on the second night when I insisted on it) and two of the bedside lamps were not working (they managed to fix one of them on the second night too) Although it was a bit noisy at night.. we still felt it was worthwhile to be centrally located and we had the window open wide for air so it could have been quieter if we'd chosen to shut it. The breakfast was fine.. hot but standard... sausages, beans and scrambled eggs.. very basic but we'd expected that. The toast machine worked well and there were cornflakes and a basic muesli mix if we'd wanted it. The staff were cheerful and helpful which was appreciated. We were able to leave our luggage in a small upstairs store at our own risk..there was a simple padlock on the door... a bit nerve racking wondering if it would be there on our return but thankfully no problems!Hope this helps!	
Aug 30 2008 	London on Shoestring	My family and I stayed here on a 3 day stopover in London.I had been warned about the size of the rooms and yes they are small. The bathroom is even smaller than I thought. That said, you get what you pay for and at 90 pounds per night for 5 people in the centre of London, I though this was great value.The location is great, 5 minutes to Victoria Station and only minutes to anywhere in London from there.The cooked breakfast is great bonus noting the price of food in London.Whilst this is not a 5 star hotel, it is a great budget option for staying in the centre of London.	
Aug 25 2008 	will stay here again	My family and i stayed here for a while and were quite satisfied. The rooms are clean, breakfast is good, the location is great only about 5 minutes walk to victoria station where u can go anywhere from. The price is not bad as well. There is a bus stop in front the hotel with is very convenient, and the staff is friendly. The only negative is as everyone said...the bathroom is very...small. But we would stay here again, the overall experience was great	
Aug 19 2008 	This place is disgusting	Room stank of cigarette smoke. Bathroom was so so small you could not even turn in the shower. God help people with long hair as you would take forever having a shower with the power. The taps were also coded wrong. Blue was hot and Red was cold. Hair Dryer didn't work... 2 men walked into my room while I was lying on the bed resting. Reception gave them the wrong key. I would not eat breakfast there. the place was so bad I was afraid to go near them for food..	
Jul 25 2008 	Don't let them book you a taxi and be prepared for small very small!	We were warned that the rooms were small and the shower cubicle very small. Sadly, being in a room in the basement made the room seem even more cramped, two of the beds were only 30&quot; wide and the shower room (what room?? It was scarcely 3 1/2 X 4 1/2 feet) was old and needed replacing. None of it was impressive. Be warned: Do not ask the hotel to book a taxi for you. We did and had a friend/relative (?) show up and charge us nearly 3 times the authorized London cab rate. We wrote to the hotel and have had no reply, so we assume they condone such behaviour.We went on to Paris after Huttons. We had a larger room, proper single beds, a lovely bathroom and a view of the Eiffel Tower from our window. Need I say more?	
Jul 23 2008 	I don't even know what to say	we got to Victoria station and went to the hotels desk, bad idea!! the man helped us book our 1 night stay at Huttons Hotel (said it was the only one available- he had a contract with the hotel) and said it was just outside the station, we payed less than the nightly rate and had 3 people in a room, but still felt that we payed TOO much.. once we stepped foot out of the station we must've seen approx. 20 budget hotels that were vacant.. halfway through the street, the name changes for about 2 blocks, and then changes back to what it was before.. plus all the hotels look the same so it gets pretty confusing and we got lost.. anyways ... the room was TINY! since we had 3 people, they just basically had a twin bed in addition to the double bed and there was barely any room to walk (besides the area infront of the bathroom and door) .. the bathroom was literally an airplane bathroom if not smaller. If your sitting on the toilet, one foot will probably be in the shower (and this is coming from someone that is 5'3, 125 lbs). The beds were not comfortable. We felt safe though because outside the window were pricks. The breakfast was okay.. and the man that worked at night was really nice and helped us in any way he could. Overall, I'd probably pick a place closer to Victoria station.	
Jul 6 2008 	Good location but a bit noisy	Great location about 10 mins walk from Victoria station. Walking distance to Westminster, Hyde Park, Kensington. The room was a decent size for London and we got a really good price for a London hotel. The only downsides were that we were kept awake throughout the early hours of the morning with other guests coming back and stomping up the stairs and slamming doors on our floor, the floor below and the floor above which just resounded around the hotel. Full English breakfast was included in our rate but apparently that doesn't include bacon!!!	
May 19 2008	Pros and Cons	The big plus with Huttons is it is reasonably priced. To get a hotel for four nights minutes from Westminster for two for £205 was excellent. The number 24 bus takes you into the city from outside the hotel and delivers you back to the door! The receptionists were helpful without being over friendly! They would go to some trouble to help with queries. The room itself was very small with a plastic ensuite jammed in the corner! Functional but not luxurious by any means. The room was kept clean however, with beds changed and room tidied every day. The one aspect which let it down was the breakfast room! It is like something you would see in an institution, bare and uninviting. The breakfast too was a bit miserable, wrinkly sausages, beans, lumpy egg and coffee from a machine. You had to be out of the breakfast room by 9.30 too or the waitressses made you feel you were overstaying your welcome! I would urge management to improve the breakfast and breakfast room. Otherwise a perfectly acceptable budget hotel.	
Feb 18 2008 	Do not stay here!!!!	This was the worst experience we have ever had. Having travelled the world and knowing not to expect much from such an expensive city like London, we did not have very high standards. But this was well below any expectations that we had. We arrived and were put in a room in the lower basement down 2 flights of stairs which had absolutely no natural light that smelt of mould and cigarrete smoke. We then asked to move and were put in a room one level higher in a room that was a little better. It had a common toilet outside that every morning at exactly 6am someone would come and smoke their cigarrete in with the smoke wafting straight into our room. The bathroom resembled an aeroplane toilet and was not clean at all. The heating in our room was not adequate at all so we requested a portable heater. To which we were not provided with as there were only 7 which were all in use. We spent that night particuarly cold and contemplated checking out if the situation was not ammended. The breakfast was satisfactory and the staff in the breakfast room were very friendly.With this negative review comes 2 positives. 1) All but one staff member at reception was incredibly helpful and friendly. 2) the location was perfect for seeing all the sights in London and access to Victoria Station was only 200m from the hotel. There are also many restaurants in the Belgravia area. There is also a Sainsbury's at the entrance of Victoria station, which is very convenient.	
Jan 31 2008	Very small room	Were in a double room for 3 nights..The size of the bathroom(shower + wc) it's incredibile small..Unless you are a midget, can be very hard to take a shower in there...Also the basin is very small, at the end you will have a kind of flood in the bathroom...and no light socket inside..About the breakfast, a bit chaotic in there, not a wide variety of food...Paid 45£ per night, but I think the service could be a bit better...	
Jan 9 2008 	Not for couples	Positives -Great transport links to Central LondonGood for one night stop overs if you are not too fussyNegatives -Not good atmosphere/rooms for couples/romanceRooms could do with being updatedCould hear people above our room walking aroundBreakfast was terrible sausages, beans and scrambled egg. Cereal also available. Dining room more like a hostel dining room.SummaryDo not expect your partner to feel like you've treated her/him if staying here	
Jan 9 2008 	Good for a city break.	I stayed in Huttons Hotel for three nights over the summer with my girlfriend on a city break. Huttons is located in a nice area near Victoria. The Hotel was easy to find just a 10 minute walk from Pimlico and Victoria tube stations. Check in was speedy with no problems and the staff seemed very pleasent. When we got to our room we were satisfied, as it was larger than most city hotels. The ensuite/shower room was quite small, but provided all the essentials for a city weekend. The breakfast room was in the basement which was undergoing some renovation at the time, however the breakfast buffet was good and had plenty of varity.Overall Huttons was a good choice for a city break and both myself and girlfriend would be happy to return here again.	
Nov 30 2007 	A small hotel with small rooms and a little overpriced	I stayed in this hotel towards the end of November 2007 with my partner. On booking I was looking for a budget hotel with 3 stars and a suitable location to get to the centre of London with ease. On reading the write up on the website I thought I had found th ideal place.However on arriving at the hotel I was a little dissapointed with what greeted me. The room was tiny. A double room with just enough room to walk around the edge of the bed. The ensuite bathroom was an obvious add on as this room looked to have been non-ensuite initially. The ensuite itself was tiny too. Very plasticy and prefab feeling to it. My partner likened it to being in a bathroom on a plane! The shower had barely enough room and the water was only luke warm and given it being the end of November, it wasnt the best shower I'd ever had.The breakfast was basic to say the least. Dried up sausages, passable scrambled egg, cold beans, and the coffee/tea machine had packed in not to mention the watered down &quot;fresh&quot; orange juice.All I can say on a positive note is that the hotel staff were friendly and the rooms were clean. Howver given the facilities offered and the standard of the rooms I am strugging to see how the hotel has achieved a 3-star rating.I had a glance at the tarrif at the main desk while I was checking in. I booked online and paid £60 per night and I am pleased I did, as to pay at the desk it was £100 per night. Now I am afraid for that much it encroaches into Premier Travel Inn territory, and my next visit to London will probably end with me staying in Premier Travel Inn to atleast guarantee the standard of accomodation I am accustomed to.	
Nov 26 2007 	Basic but good	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for two nights during November this is my second visit I personally would not stay anywhere else in london since staying here Yes the rooms are small we were on the 5th floor yes there is a lift that works.Rooms are clean beds are comfortable I asked for extra pillows and within ten minuites they were at the door with them.Shower cubicle is small shower works perfectly plenty of hot water. Tea coffee and milk plenty off provided. Perfectly good breakfast set us up nicely for the day. Staff are friendly and helpful if they don't know they find out the two ladies at breakfast can not be faulted.Good location near to coach, tube and bus station. If you don't want to walk to the tube get the no 24 bus it stops right outside the hotel drops you off near enough on the train.A perfect hotel for using as a base to explore london and surrondings .Rooms are cleaned everyday with fresh towels. have already booked again for early next year.	
Nov 20 2007	worst hotel I've ever been in	I stayed at the Hutton's hotel in London during February 2005 with my school,from Canada, and I have to say this was the worst hotel I have ever been in , and I've done a lot of hotels, including crappy ones.First of all, we we're 5 people in one very small room, there wasn't any hot water, the bathroom was disgusting and extremely small, the girl at the front desk was very rude and seemed annoyed.	
Nov 19 2007 	Poor Hotel	My wife and I were willing to stay in a small room in a budget hotel that is well situated. The single bed blanket on our double bed was uncomfortable, especially for me (6 foot tall). I think that not having warm water for a shower in London in November is unacceptable. The breakfast was almost inedible. I did not even go down to breakfast on our second day, the first time I have done that. Very disappointing indeed.	
Nov 15 2007 	Perfectly fine	Stayed at Huttons for three nights while in London for a trade show, and it certainly is a good budget choice.The welcome was sincere, the room was spotlessly clean, the bedding couldn't be faulted and it was cleaned perfectly every day. OK, the breakast was nothing to trouble the Michelin reviewers! and the lift was rickety enough to persuade me to take the stairs, but the location was great. Five minutes stroll to Pimlico and about an eight minute walk up to Victoria. It was easily manageable to get from Huttons to the Excel Centre (east of Docklands) in an hour door to door. Great value and would stay again!	
Oct 31 2007 	Good value for money!	We stayed in this hotel for 4 nights. The location is great, very close to Victoria Station. The rooms are small, but convenient and clean. The shower had lovely hot water ;-) Every day we got clean towels and they also made our bed. There was a tv in the room as well, but it only broadcasted BBC channels. The staff was very friendly. English breakfast was included, but you could also have a continental breakfast (toast or cereal). On the dayof departure the staff gave us the opportunity to store our luggage in a locked room, so we were able to see some more of London without carrying our luggage around! In general this hotel is great value for your money. We made our booking by booking.com. This saved us some money, because other sitesseemed to be more expensive!If we visit London again, we'd defenitely stay in this hotel again, because it's all you need when you need a good place to sleep.	
Sep 13 2007 	Great location and very helpful staff	This was great value for money. Only $60.00 (NZ) per couple per night and very central to everything we wanted. Small rooms but then we were only sleeping there. It was just right for what we wanted. The staff were helpful and friendly and for the price, breakfast was included! Would definately return if traveling to London again.	
Aug 17 2007 	Kind of cute	It was my first trip to London, and I went there mainly to see musicals in the West End. Not wanting to overcharge my credit card (you need money when you want to see shows), I booked a room at Huttons through Hotelopia. You have to know that the 10-minutes walk from Victoria can be hell if you're carrying loads of luggage and if it's a hot day (take a cab!). The street the hotel is on is quitte peculiar since it's only hotels for hundreds of meters, and they ALL look the same. Kind of funny. Huttons is not the best hotel in the area, but it sure was fine. Greeting staff seemed kind of shy/not too friendly, but very polite and helpful. My room was on the top floor (there actually IS a button for that floor in the elevator, just have to look for it), and I guess top floor rooms are among the cheapest, for you don't get much of a view (or a window, for instance). But I found that I could live with only a very small, non-openable windowlet high on the wall (you have to get on top of the bed to look outside). The room was generally clean, not really freshly rebuilt, but REALLY ok. Hairdryer as well as an electric kettle and complimentary coffee, tea and tinned milk are provided. My Hairdryer didn't work, but I had brought my own, and actually forgot to tell the staff about it. TV remote did not correspond to the tv set in my room, but that too didn't matter, as I told the person at the desk. The bathroom was INDEED tiny, pretty much a one-piece plastic cabin like you find in trailers (or Formule1 hotels in France, except here you have everything INSIDE the room). The hotel's pretty old I think, so I think it's normal that rooms don't look all shiny and brand new, bathroom door creaks and all. My room was cleaned daily for the 3 days I was there, with fresh towels (and a special mention to the maid who noticed I liked my many pillows and made my bed accordingly). Bring shampoo and showergel if you don't like multi-usage solution from a dispenser (but I've been to hotels where you don't even get a tiny bar of soap).Breakfast was nice. Quite typical, but nothing exceptionnal. Good coffee from a modern machine, eggs, sausages, bread, baken beans, orange juice... All your basic english-breakfast ingredients. I didn't see many staff members (I sometimes had the impression they were all locked up some place in the basement and only came out when people went out for the day - creepy impression), but all were polite (and SHY!).Elevator is EXTREMELY slow, and at breakfast time, better not need to urge back to your room bathroom, for people keep calling the elevator up and down. Location is GREAT. nearest tube station is pimlico, a 7 minutes walk for a slow walker like me, and you are only a 10-minutes tube-trip away from picadilly and theatreland. I can only advise this hotel if you're not too picky on comfort and all. I liked it, although I'm not the youth-hostel, backpacking type. It's cheap, clean, relatively cosy and greatly located. Some hotels around the world don't even match such basics.	
Aug 15 2007	Good place Great staff awesome breakfast.	For my first trip to London, let alone outside North America I really had no expectations. But I was never disappointed by the wonderful staff. The small atmosphere of the hotel allowed for easier and an a unique one on one interaction with the people working there. The breakfast was a great way to start off the busy day in the streets of London. The accommodations were rather comfy with the exception of the bathroom/shower compartment. I'm not that claustrophobic but it was a pretty tight space to be in. Besides that I was really satisfied during my stay in Victoria and Central London!CalebIndianapolis, IndianaUnited States	
Jul 29 2007 	Great hotel for the easy going	listen, you get what you pay for, huttons is cheap so its small.. the people are not rude as long as you show them respect.. the hotel is situated in the city of westminster.. Buckingham palace is a 6 minute walk and the london eye/parliment buildings are about 20 minutes walk.. the closest stations are Victoria (which is a huge station with shopping, restaurants, bus station and train station for the Gatwick Expess) there is also Pimlico station which I did not visit.. the walk from Victoria to Huttons takes approx 10 mins or so, if it is too long a walk then-- granted you have a bus pass-- the bus number 24 stops right in front of the hotel and its first stop is victoria station.. The hotel itself has a wonderful breakfast, it is nothing like a holiday inn or any other large hotel chain you would find all over canada and the US.. if your an easy going group and plan to spend most of your time in this amazingly beautiful city anyway, you wont mind it at all. Belgrave road is practically nothing but hotels, and Huttons is one of the best.	
Jul 24 2007 	Not so nice	Not such a nice place. Terrible problem with Bed bugs. Had to fumigate my travel bags upon return.The Bathroom was too small for North American standards. The triple room was undersized and it was pretty much impossible for 3 persons to stay in such a small room.Would not recommend to any one with a family. The Breakfast was passable. The sausages were always burnt. The staff were good though.	
Jun 30 2007	Not so bad!!	Premium Location in the central part of London. Close to trains and buses. Accomodation not so Flash. With a room the size of a matchbox and a bathroom smaller than a plane toilet, I guess it did have the basics. Breakfast was great. Friendly service by staff.	
Jun 16 2007 	Stay elsewhere	Our room was tiny! From the end of the bed to the wall 8 inches (20cm) making it very difficult to get from one side of the bed to the other and also getting to the window. The bed was big though but too big for what esentially was a single room! The room was not as clean as it could have been with dust on ledges etc. The glass shelf in the bathroom was missing but the brackets prooved useful as they doubled up as toilet roll holders the proper holder being broken. The shower curtain had mold on it and the mat outside the cubicle door was wet when we arrived. Breakfast was edable although no cereal the sausages were burnt and the scrammbled egg cold. Not really a full english breakfast. I think for the price there are many better places to stay in London	
May 18 2007 	Do not go to this hotel	Can you imagine taveling accross the world and to find out that you and your family have prior reservation cancelled. It was unbelievable.My wife booked it through activehotelse.com. Very nice website by the way. We wanted to get an extra day because of changes in the wedding plans. They did not respond to our emails. So she called to add the day. They decreased the price so we thought.I called later to make a confirmation and thank god I did. They cancelled our reservation just because we made a change and because one of their receptionist lowered the price for getting an extra day. I am not jokingWhen I called they were rude and said they cancelled our reservation and sent the email a month ago, which we never found. I had to make new reservations at a different hotelDo not go here, do not book here.You can email me at bhattara@yahoo.com to confirm	
May 16 2007	Fantastic for the price!	It is very expensive to stay in central London, so I jumped on booking Huttons Hotel on Travelocity for a last-minute overnight for around $100 US. The room was small but comfortable, with a pretty good bed, nice pillows, and en-suite bathroom and shower. The place was very clean and well kept, staff friendly, and overall very comfortable. Amazing for the price, really. The bathroom was small (an all-in-one compartment with shower, toilet, sink in a small space) but completely clean and functional. Good hot shower with nice pressure. Hot buffet breakfast included. The location is pretty good -- it's in Westminster about 3 blocks from the Pimlico station (Victoria line Tube) and 5 blocks from Victoria station.	
Mar 28 2007 	Great value considering location!	I booked this hotel through their website after researching most of the hotels in the area. The price was right for my one night stay, and its location close to both the Victoria Train and Bus station was enticing. It is also within walking distance of all the major sites I desired to see in my one day in London. I managed to use the hotel as a base, tour Westminster, Buckingham, Trafalgar square, Picadilly etc and still have a rest before heading out for dinner. Also, since my flight was way early...by an hour...they still let me check in much earlier then anticipated which allowed me to have a shower after my overseas flight, before heading out on the town.All in all, for the money, you cna't beat the location, and the staff is really friendly and accomodating.	
Feb 28 2007	Not Bad But not so great....	This is a very basic hotel for the money. Room was okay with 2 hard twin beds. The pillows were the type with the blue and white stripes that are not fluffy AT ALL. Biggest problem was the bathroom. Not only was it tiny (reminded me of the bathrooms in a Winnebago) but it smelled terrible. They were unable to fix this problem. The breakfast was decent. But the hotel's location is what also put me off, as I'd prefer to be closer to things next time. It's a very quiet street with row upon row of brownstone hotels. Pimlico tube stop was 2 blocks away. So returning late at night we'd opt for the taxi home which would drop us off at the door...but those got expensive after awhile. Would I stay again?? ummm....maybe...only if they could guarantee a room without an offensive odor from the bathroom!	
Feb 13 2007	tiny rooms good price	stayed there for 1 night because of the proximity to Victoria station. Ths room was really tiny with bathroom built in the wardrobe and no ventilation. This is a non-smoking hotel throughout but non of the big booking engines seem to have any information about this. I must say that the room was spotlessly clean but I would recommend to shop around for another hotel as there are so many of them nearby (nearly every second building on Belgrave Road is a hotel).	
Dec 5 2006 	Cheap Clean - does what it says on the tin	Our objective when booking Huttons Hotel was to find a really cheap place to crash in London for four people. We booked a 'quad' room at Huttons which had one double and two twins.The room was fairly small but shower and bathroom good. We were suprised to find tea and coffee facilities in the room which was a nice touch. Place was a little old fashioned but all very clean.The price (£86 for one night) included breakfast which wasn't anything fantastic but at least the coffee was good and the toast was warm, just don't expect gourmet food.All in all for such a cheap price in London and a great location, we couldn't expect more than we received. Clean, Cheap, Basic and a decent place to crash out for the night.	
Nov 4 2006 	Lousy Hotel	The location of the hotel was quite far from Victoria station &amp; we had a hard time locating the hotel. Nevermind the location, we was given the WORST room which was located in the basement . We were NOT told that the lift could take us to our room in basement instead the directions given by the receptionist, an indian lady was to take a very steep &amp; narrow staircase. We were shocked &amp; furious when we saw the staircase as we had to carry our 2 big &amp; heavy suitcases down the steps . We asked the receptionist to change our room &amp; was given the expected reply ' our hotel was fully booked'. (But next day we saw the 'Vacancies' tag outside the hotel!!!!!!!!) We had a VERY hard time falling asleep as we can hear the conversation &amp; footsteps from the passerby, the moving cars, we can hear our neighbours talking &amp; worst, we were forced to wake up at 7 plus as the room was next to the breakfast area &amp; it became very noisy during the breakfast hrs.We had another rude shock as we were going to Manchester for 2 days after our 4 nights stay with the hotel &amp; were told that we were unable to leave our luggages with the hotel as their luggage storage facilities were only applicable to guests that were extending their stay. But it is NOT stated in the web site &amp; we have stated our request via email when we made our room reservation. They should have responded to our email but they chose to ignore it &amp; accepted our reservation.This is the worst hotel that we ever stay &amp; we will NOT recommend it to any of my friends!!!!!!	
Oct 23 2006	The Hutton Hotel matched our expectations!	The hotel staff were very friendly and accommodating. We were traveling in a group of four people and The Hutton Hotel could accommodate us in one room for a great price in central London. The hotel is conveniently located near the Pimlico tube and walking distance to many of the sights as well as local pubs. The breakfast in the morning was great (included in the price) and gave you a good start to your day. I would stay here again and recommend it to my friends.	
Sep 17 2006 	For what it is...it is OK	Look. You have to see this hotel for what it is. It is tourist, budget accommodation. When booking a cheap hotel we ask for three important things: 1. is it safe, 2. is it clean3. is there a decent breakfast. ...................The answer to all three questions is YES.OK, the room is small and the bathroom is TINY but it's functional (and the bathroom did smell just a tiny bit. I think it was some kind of cheap cleaner they were using....or something).Overall, I've been to worse (and more expensive) tourist hotels. £65 for two people in London is not bad. And contrary to some other posts......we did get bacon at breakfast...lol	
Sep 13 2006 	Great Location Great Price	For the price this hotel cannot be complained about, the staff were very accommodating with our needs (storing bags between stays, changing rooms etc), the breakfast was good the rooms were clean. Only complaint would be that the bathrooms are very small &amp; it was a bit hot but this obviously wouldn't be an issue in the colder months.	
Jul 26 2006	Nice if you like it hot	34 degrees and no air con or even a fan so it was unbearably hot. The hotel itself is located in a good area and very close to Victoria station, with bus stop just across the road. The staff were very helpful. Breakfast was not good - the bread left out for toasting had mould growing on it and there was no bacon (I thought traditional English breakfast included bacon?) For the money, it was ok. If you want to spend a lot of time in your hotel, book somewhere else, otherwise it is ok (and would probably be ok if the weather wasn't so hot).	
Jul 14 2006	great holiday	myself and my boyfriend stayed at huttons hotel for 3 nights. We both found the hotel to be great, the number 24 bus stops just outside the hotel, great for getting you bang in the centre, victoria staton is just a few minutes walk away, great for getting the bus on other routes, we caught the bus from here to knightsbridge and it took hardly any time at all, and that was at 8.30 in the morning. The hotel was very clean, our rooms were cleaned every day, the staff were pleasant and helpful. The breakfast was great, you could pile your plate up with as much as your belly could take!!!After a day pounding the streets of london, a drink may be in order and there are plenty of bars and restaurants just minutes away, plus a big supermarket if you fancy picki something up and taking it back to the hotel......and yes, the bathrooms are tiny, but how much space does one need for a shower and toliet....All in all, a good place to stay and we'll definately go again....	
Jun 30 2006 	BASIC HOTEL	This is a very basic hotel and ok to stay in if you are on a budget. The room was very small but did have a very large comfortable bed. I was looking forward to the English breakfast but was disappointed and don't think this is a great example of our traditional dish.I wouldn't stay here again, I would pay that little bit extra and get a better standard.	
Jun 9 2006	Not too bad...	I didn’t found so horrible this hotel as other comments posted.. Starting the rate... have to consider this since we are in LONDON… quiet place no clubbing area which means problems (drunkies?) are away (or kind of away, never know) so to stay was not too bad… of course it depends of type of person plus type of suitable location… Small room (is just a place to sleep not to wander around!) and have to say VERY small bathrooms too… Breakfast was ok. Tube station: Pimlico closer than Victoria. Maybe will use it again when back to London.	
Feb 23 2006	Great budget hotel!	Just returned from a 3 night stay.Had been a little worried by some of the reviews but was pleasantly suprised by this hotel. The room size was adequete, the bathroom on the small size but functional. Rooms cleaned + fresh towels daily. Great breakfast,friendly staff + close to Victoria station.If your gonna visit london , see the sights etc + not spend too much time in your room then book this hotel.If large bedrooms+bathrooms are more important and you want to pay twice the price for that then dont book.Will stay again.	
Dec 21 2005	Great value for money	The Huttons Hotel staff was really nice and helpful as well as the room was quite spacious and clean. Full English breakfast was a great start of our day :-)))	
Dec 21 2005	Great Value for A budget Conscious and cleanliness conscious traveller	I stayed in this hotel recently and was well pleased. It is convenient to major sights, with pleasant staff, a clean room each day, and a safe nice neighborhood just a short walk from Victoria Station. Sure, the rooms are a little small and the bathroom (sorry, I'm a yank)also, but I felt comfortable, safe, and saved a little extra money for that West End Show. FOr the money saved versus more expensive hotels, you are only losing size of the room, not quality or cleanliness.	
Nov 30 2005	Great value for money	After reading some reviews here we were a bit afraid about what we were going to find at Huttons Hotel.The staff was really friendly and ready to help.The room was really clean and tidy. The bathroom was small but enough for a nice shower!The english breakfast was nice and a good start for the day!The location is really good to visit London!	
Nov 30 2005	nice	The bathroom was REALLY small, but the bedroom was really clean. Nice English breakfast! London centre 10 minutes from Victoria Station.	
Oct 24 2005	Skip this one	We were not pleased with this hotel, very small, dirty and noisy. The rooms were small and the bathroom was an all in one toilet, sink and shower; something similar to RV campers. The breakfast was the highlight of the day.	
Jun 6 2005	Not a base for a night in the West End!	We found this hotel on Lastminute having searched for hotels in the vacinity of the West End. This was not really the case, and the entire journey into London, to the Theatre, and back to the hotel was a nightmare. Not a good start at all. The hotel room was tiny... we had to squeeze between the bed and the portacabin bathroom. The bathroom was not the freshest, smelling quite damp , and was certainly not the cleanest I've seen! Our room was tucked in the basement, right in between the &quot;restaurant&quot; and the laundry area, so the noise and smells were not the most welcome from 7:00am, having had no sleep due to a lumpy matress and people walking by and talking outside the window.The lack of parking, size of hotel room, cleanliness and general experience meant that I really wished I'd spent the extra £19 for which we could have stayed at a 4* place in the West End. However, this place would make a perfect base for a backpacking alternative to youth hostels, the desk staff were friendly and the breakfast was what you would expect. It is not a hotel to use if you plan a first-time trip to a West End show!	
May 9 2005	Horrible place stay somewhere else	My room was tiny and squalid. Reception is like a jail or police station - and its not even THAT cheap .... I urge you to look elsewhere	
Mar 18 2005	Huttons: Still trying has potential.	Hair Dryer and Tea Pot made us feel comfortable in early a.m. and late p.m. Right on Bus 24 line. Did not even have to leave Bus Zone 1 to see W. Abbey, Parl., British M. Pick up double decker bus across street. Huttons, still working the kinks out but has potential. Clerks friendly but didn't appear trained. Fend for yourself to get bus/soda spare change or airport confirmations. Rooms include wastebaskets, were clean! The English breakfast was ample: hot section, dry cereal section, juices, coffee, cocoa, etc. It seems B&amp;B in London means hotel plus cafeteria. If you want a real B&amp;B American style, search for “Home Stays” in London. Sure, bathroom was a later addition to the room, self-contained, it did the trick. Contains soap. Sorta feels like an airplane bathroom. Better than running down the hall. Room on second floor was quiet until the school kids moved in. But, hey we're all trying to get a cheap deal. Internet terminal is down the hall from clerk for 1GBP per half hour. One uses it standing up. Graveyard clerk was awake! I would go here again if I was on a budget.	
Jan 28 2005	Don't believe in your first impression	When I first arrived at Huttons hotel I felt kind of scared. You enter the reception and see a couple of TVs beyond de desk wich show a dark, mighty and pressumably dirty inner side. Forget about the security cameras the rooms are OK, cleaned every day (towels included) and warm. Coffee and tea facilities are offered, but don't try to have a coffee if you like good ones. Probably there's one remarcable thing about the room : I saw the tiniest bathroom ever. It seemed to be as those of planes or those you find in the street. It was incredible, a doll's house has bigger ones. However, it was clean, and if the only thing you want is have a shower and shave yourself you won't complain. The staff is friendly, I had no problems to obtain a better room when I asked for it and they took all my lugage there with any personal loose. They showed us where to find nice restaurants and that staff.It is further form Victoria Station than I thought (about ten minutes walk), but the area is secure, there's nothing to worry about. Notice that the following tube station is nearer than victoria.In any case, if you are in a budget trip in London, Huttons is a good hotel, I have no complain.	
Jan 10 2005	Exactly what it says on the tin	A good, cheap, clean hotel in London. That's exactly what Hutton's is. Room was small but very clean and adequate facilities. We found the breakfast to be as good as any mass cooked breakfast can be. The staff very very polite and helpful.Having seen the complaints below, we are stunned! What do these people expect for the money, we have had worse service in far more expensive hotels than this!!!! Will use again.	
Jan 3 2005	Not bad	Just staye at Hutton hotel for 2 nights in Dec 04once we eventually found it we thought it was a nice hotel the rooms were clean and comfortable and the brekfast was ok. i really do not know what some people expect for £50 per night in London which I thought was fairly reasonable	
Jan 2 2005	A Great base	I've rated this hotel excellent based on its value for money, location &amp; staff rather than room size and shag pile!! I stayed at this hotel with a friend and my 2 children in a quad room for a great price. The room was newly decorated &amp; clean with plently of wardrobe/drawer space for a short stay. Its not the Ritz but this small hotel has polite staff, clean rooms and the breakfast is big! A great base for sight seeing with the kids as we were able to walk from Victoria Coach Station and nearest tube is at bottom of the road. Would stay again for a short stay.	
Dec 27 2004	Good party!	A small hotel room, but clean. Very friendly staff (who throw great parties by the way, thanks for inviting us!) and a good location! Stay: 2 nights december 2004	
Dec 19 2004	Cheap and nasty	Stayed at Huttons for 2 nights in Dec 2005. Good points - location - 10 mins walk to Victoria station. Bad points - TINY room - no hot water (it got warm, but never hot). Smelly - on the top floor you can smell the breakfast cooking in the basement. Bathroom was unusual - almost like a portaloo had been stuck in the room, the shower was pretty useless. This place is very cheap - its suitable for travellers. The staff we good. I wouldnt stay there again.	
Dec 8 2004	Good value for money clean 	Good value Hotel in a great central location near Victoria coach and train stations and easy walking distance to tube stations.We stayed in a triple room for 3 nights in half term with our 6 year old daughter, room was a good size, clean and tidy, bathroom was a little bit small only a shower no bath, but nothing to grumble about given the price of the room.Staff were always friendly and helpful, breakfasts were good, self service full English and plenty of it.Overall for price and location excellent value for money and an enjoyable stay.	
Nov 1 2004	Great price in a pricey town!	Small room &amp; bathroom. friendly knowledgable staff. Great location near &quot;22 bus&quot; &amp; Victoria station. The beds were a bit springy, but you get what you pay for. Breakfast was fantastic!!!	
Oct 16 2004	hotel hell	hi, i traveled to london with my little girl this summer 2004. the city was great! we loved it! the only problem was that we stayed in hotel hell. it was supposed to be a low price hotel, but as it turns out, it was 50 pounds ($100 usd) per night! Ouch! it was the worst place on earth. Hotel Huttons is hotel hell. The food was nasty. they served the worst English breakfast i ever had. They make English food very badly. They give english food a bad name. thank god for other places to eat in england! I wanted to vomit after my first breakfast there.They even had moldy bread to go with it.Yuck! Have you ever eaten boiled fried eggs? Thats right, they boil the cracked and beaten egg instead of frying it in oil or butter. Talk about cheap. the rooms were tiny and hot. It was noisy, doors were constantly banging.I did not get much rest. HOtel Huttons was so bad that i left one day early. I rather lose my $100 for the night and sleep at gatwick airport, just so i did not have to endure that place one more night. Please, if you go to London, don't go to Hotel Hell.They did not even have the decency to offer me my money back. I was an unsatisfied customer. but those greedy people at Hotel Huttons did not care. Good riddance to them. PLEASE TAKE MY ADVICE, HOTEL HUTTONS ON BELGRAVE ROAD IN LONDON ENGLAND, IN THE CITY OF WESTMINSTER IS HOTEL HELL! THANKS.	
Oct 10 2004	A very friendly clean bargain hotel	I came to this hotel after my first hotel burned. (That will wake one up). The people at the hotel were very friendly. They gave me a good room with a large bed and breakfast for 50GBP per night. The room was small but very clean. Breakfast was good and &quot;all you can eat&quot;. The close proximity to Victoria station was convenient. I walked from Westminster Abbey to the hotel in about 30 minutes. I always felt safe in the neighborhood. Italian restaurant on the corner is good.The staff was just super. I enjoyed my stay and would stay again.	
Sep 7 2004	Good for a budget traveller	This is a good hotel for a BUDGET traveler. I chose it because my two friends and I were travelling cheap but didn't want to stay in a hostel. This was a good alternative. The rooms are TINY. I generally take that word with a grain of salt, as a lot of travellers just aren't used to the size of hotel rooms in many European cities. But this room truly was one of the smallest I've ever seen. We had a triple, which didn't help matters, since the room itself appeared to be the same size as the doubles we peeked into down the hall. There was barely room enough to wedge yourself between the 3 beds. On the plus side no one had to get out of bed to turn the TV off! There is almost no space to put your luggage, so travel light. The bathroom looks EXACTLY like an airplane bathroom. You step up into it, all the walls and floor are plastic, and you could almost shower while brushing your teeth in the sink on the other end. Washing your hair takes creativity of movement. It provided a lot of laughs! However, the room was very CLEAN and you were given a fresh towel every day with maid service. Soap/shower gel/shampoo/conditioner combo (All in one liquid?) is provided on the shower wall. The hotel has recently installed hardwood flooring which is very nice. Bedding itself was clean but has seen better days and it would be nice if they would invest in blankets that don't seem to attract hair. However, pillows were GREAT--big and fluffy. The halls had an odd odor but it didn't seem to extend to the rooms themselves. Breakfast was great, it's in the well-lit basement and you enjoy a variety of food and drinks. It's buffet style but they replenish often. All in all, I would stay away from the triples but the doubles seemed OK for space, as long as you don't need a lot of it! Very friendly service, nice lobby, security door, easy to find (Pimlico tube station is a bit closer plus you avoid the crowds at Victoria) and most importantly: CLEAN. Neighborhood is OK, Belgrave Rd is not very interesting but not dangerous either. There's a request stop for the bus just feet from the hotel. I would highly recommend for young people who want clean and well-located accomodations for not much money. It was definitely a step up from other hotels in the same price range!	
Jul 10 2004	Great value	We stayed at Huttons Hotel twice over the last couple of weeks, at the beginning and end of our European vacation. Great location - close to Victoria Station and Pimlico tube station. Our room had been renovated and had a wood laminate floor and a new bathroom unit. The room was clean and the staff very friendly. We arrived very early in the morning and they stored our luggage for us behnd their desk. Great BUDGET hotel, we would recommend it. TIP: If you arrive at Victoria Station on the train from Gatwick, go up the escalator to the retail area of Victoria Place and exit at the opposite end and you are on Belgrave Road (turn left).	
Jul 6 2004	Good location	I found the hotel to be very clean. The room was small but nice. The bathroom was tiny but clean. Breakfast was ok. The location was really good. We walked to Buckingham Palace and the London Eye. There is no AC. We had a room at the front of the hotel so it seemed a bit noisy at times, but then it was hot outside so our balcony door was open. There is a security door in the lobby, so only guests have access to hotel rooms. Victoria station is nearby, and there is a small shopping center inside for cheap eats and anything else you may need.	
Jun 10 2004	Horrible Hutton - Don't go here	This place is DISGUSTING. You don't get what you pay for - it is terrible. Tiny dingy dirty rooms. The &quot;dining room&quot; is like some cellar you see in footage of Saddam's prisons. Please take my advice and go somewhere else...	
May 28 2004	you get what you pay for	All in all the rooms are tiny but clean as described in other reviews, so only a few additional remarks: Tiny to the extent that you don't even have a wardrobe or bedsidetables for all beds. The bathroom is functional but you have to be very flexible to get water to all bodyparts when using the shower.Breakfast is really 'english' so don't expect cereals or yoghurt. Doors are selfclosing, so most people tend to let them go, resulting in a loud bang, even during night.The elevator is the real threat: It only serves your level when it likes to and delivers you where it finds suitable.But: 50GBP per double/night it is really a treat for the budget (at least for London) and with a 24/7 bus to the center of london in front of the hotel is very recommendable for the young and students.	
May 19 2004	served it's purpose		
May 11 2004	staff and rooms		
Apr 6 2004	Great Budget Hotel		
Mar 25 2004	This place is horrible!		
Mar 6 2004	okay		
Feb 12 2004	Excellent Value		
Feb 10 2004	Terrible		
Dec 9 2003	Hated the Hutton		
Oct 8 2009 	Pas de mauvaise surprise !!		
Jul 24 2009 	loro non lo sanno ma per me è come sentirmi a casaquando vado da loro!		
Apr 29 2009	Ein gelungener Aufenthalt in "Huttons"		
Jan 14 2009 	Estuvimos muy cómodos.		
Dec 23 2008 	:( Huttons Hotel		
Oct 26 2008 	Accettabile ma non eccezionale!		
Jun 17 2008 	muy básico		
May 8 2008 	economico e soddisfacente		
Feb 25 2008 	Idéal Week-end		
Jan 24 2008 	personnel très aimable		
Dec 20 2007 	Nada mal		
Dec 11 2007 	Poca formalidad		
Aug 10 2007 	Huttons - einfach Klasse !!!		
Jan 4 2007 	baños para liliputs		
Sep 20 2006 	POSIZIONE STRATEGICA ECONOMICO.		
