	Small but satisfying	After reading some of the negative reviews on this website, we decided to upgrade as we arrived at the hotel. The upgrading from standard double en-suite to executive double en-suite cost us £15 a night, and it was well worth the money. We were explained that the standard rooms were very small, with room little more than the bed. When upgrading we got a small, but rather nicely furnished bedroom, with a high double bed (with wooden carvings India style), with room underneath to stack the suitcases. There was a TV, a big Indian wardrobe, and a desk. Big windows facing Trebovir Road. The bathroom was small, but nice with tiled walls and nice equipment, and clean (!). The first morning the breakfast room was full, so we decided to have breakfast in a local cafe instead, but the next two mornings we ate at the hotel. Breakfast was good and plenty: rolls, bread for toasts, croissants, muesli, fruit, cheese, coffee, tea, juice, milk......Service was also good. Our room was not ready when we arrived so we left our luggage in the foyer, and on return, the luggage hade been placed in our room. The next morning we discovered that the electric kettle was not clean (probably some earlier guests have been warming milk or something in it) and when we pointed that out, the kettle was changed immediately.Some of the other reviewers complain about the room size. I quite agree, everything in this hotel is very tiny. The web side photos are almost real size photos! Tine reception, tiny rooms, narrow staircases, but if you're not planning to spend much time at the hotel, it serves your needs. The location is very convenient: 1 min from Earls Court underground station..	
Nov 22 2009 	Much Better Than I Expected!	I booked a standard double room at this hotel for one night with my partner. After booking the room, I came across this website and the reviews that it had received! Instantly I was concerned and was apprehensive about going. However I really shouldn’t have been.The hotel is in a brilliant location, mere minutes from Earls Court tube station and very easy to find. It is situated in a pleasant street; (with plenty of shops, restaurants and cash points all nearby.) We checked in with ease and received a warm welcome. The inside of the hotel is clean, tidy and well decorated. When we got into the room we were pleasantly surprised after reading other people’s thoughts - yes it was smaller than other rooms that you may have stayed in before - but again, it was decorated nicely, very clean, had a television and free view box, tea and coffee making facilities and a nice clean bathroom. For just under £80 in a prime location, I don’t think you could ask for anything better! A continental breakfast was included in the price, which is served at a reasonable time and in a designated ‘breakfast room.’ The food that was provided when we stayed was nice and there was plenty of juice and tea and coffee on offer. (The only negative thing about it, was that it is a small room and there is the feeling that you are sitting very closely to other guests.) I do agree that if you had a big suitcase with you, that it would be a slight problem because there is not much extra space in the room. Also I do agree that their website is not entirely accurate to the reality - particularly if you are staying in one of the standard rooms. However, if you are staying for a short amount of time, it is a perfect base and has all the facilities that you need. Finally, the price is key to what you are getting. In a prime London location to pay under £100 and expect a large room with lots of added luxuries is naïve - as long as you take that into consideration - I don’t think it deserves the criticism that it has received.	
Nov 8 2009 	Avoid like the plague..or you could catch it !!	Two of us booked a weekend stay here but went home early.We had been conned by the website and a glowing review from Conde Nast..The policy is to pay on check in with no chance of a refund.The room allocated was tiny,noisy and filthy.On complaining we were told that there was no other room available,but that we could &quot;upgrade&quot; the second nightfor a further £20.We actually booked the nearby Premier Inn instead on the first night,which was excellent and we will use it in future.The secnd room was marginally bigger than the first with a minute bathroom with hardly enough room to sit down,and was also grubby.Having been out shopping we deicided to go staight home and not stay the second night..On phoning up since we have been hung up on twice......DON'T GO THERE !!!!	
Nov 7 2009 	Enter At Your Own Risk If You Want To Be Ripped Off	Well where shall I start, the web photos are nothing like what you are going to get. My friend and I booked a twin room and what we got was a shoe box with noise from the trains and a view of a Corination Street back yard, six inches space between the beds, a very small TV on top of the wardrobe, stained toilet, broken grate in the shower and the tea cups were dirty.So we decided to complain (what a waste of time that was) very unhelpful, the housekeeper said the toilet was stained due to the toilet brush going backwards and forwards as she cleaned it (could not bring myself to look at the toilet brush) The broken shower grate was done by another guest so it was not their fault (at this point the housekeeper was showing my friend and I how the other guest broke the grate by standing in the shower with her shoes on pretending to have a shower. We decided to go and find another hotel as this was not what we expected to find having booked from the web site picturing lovely rooms on it, how wrong can you be, we got the broom cupboard turned twin bedroom. We asked for a refund so that we could go and find a decent hotel but the hotel operates a 48hour cancellation policy also taking full payment before checking in. We now know why that is, this hotel makes a living from taking peoples money and not returing it when there is a genuine complaint, this is easy money for them. We left and spent a brilliant night at the Premier Inn Kensington just round the corner ( I would fully recommend this hotel for a really great stay) We were offered by the Mayflower an upgrade for £20 for the Saturday night , we took this offer as the Premier was full but what a mistake to think this would be any better, the room was slightly bigger but the bathroom was smaller than the previous room with very little room to even sit on the toilet properly, this was the last straw and we have cut our trip to London short and come home. The staff at the Mayflower were very unhelpful and was not concerned we were leaving as they say they have never had any complaints before, I beg to differ maybe they should read their review. This hotel is no more than a &quot;DHSS Bed and Breakfast&quot;and to top it all my friends husband rang them up to complain only to have the phone hung up on him.that says it all about this place.dee and shaz	
Nov 7 2009 	MAYFLOWER IS HORRIBLE!	Do not believe the pictures. This was the worst hotel ever stayed at.. Bed springs stick out of bed and could not walk right all day. Next to train station and loud. Managment has NO concern for guest care and would not let us leave early!. Do not check in until you have seen the room!. Check for the heat in room if you can adjust. Check if toilet was clean (ours was not!!) horrible smell in room!! Horrible.	
Oct 24 2009 	Disappointing throughout! Avoid at all costs.	I was deceived into booking into the Mayflower Hotel by an outrageously flattering website and recommendation from Condé Nast. What appeared to be an excellent rate for a spacious, well equipped room was in fact a poor deal on the smallest hotel room I've ever set eyes on. The apparently slightly-below-standard-sized double bed reached from the partition separating the sink (in the bedroom, not the bathroom) to the far end of the room, with a very narrow channel separating the only accessible side of the bed from the poorly built, shallow, inadequate wardrobe. The shoe-box feel of the room was compounded by the angled wall at the foot of the bed.Dissatisfied with the room, we were, reluctantly offered another which was marginally bigger - the bed was in this room was only against one wall(!) The usable size of the room (including the bed which felt smaller than a standard double) was roughly 7' square - smaller than some hotel bathrooms! Again, the quality of the furniture was very poor, the blind was torn and frayed along the length of one side. The bathroom was basic, and not well cleaned which may have contributed to the slight unpleasant smell.The noise from the road is almost unbearable, but is marginally more palatable than the shrieking caged birds in the 'juice bar'.Breakfast is included, but isn't a saving grace for this terrible hotel. A small selection of unidentified cereals, foul tea and coffee, and artificial-tasting unidentifed juice was topped only by the croissants which gave the impression they were baked a week previously. I didn't pluck up the courage to try the plates of two very-cheap looking processed meats or dry cheese. Cereal with milk had been spilled on the floor of the breakfast room before we reached it, and was still unattended when we had finished.The staff are less than enthusiastic, an appropriate reflection of the hotel.The hotel's website is entirely misleading, using words such as &quot;spacious comfort&quot;, &quot;luxury&quot;, &quot;state-of-the-art&quot; and &quot;elegant&quot; to describe what would be a step down from the average student halls of residence.	
Oct 13 2009 	Best avoided	A six night stay with payment in advance meant we had to stick with this very average hotel. The standard room pre booked was so small that we could not fit our luggage and the two of us in the same room so a upgrade to the 'Luxury room' was negotiated with difficulty. Cleanliness of the room and houskeeeping standards were poor.Hotel staff were mostly courteous but little enthusiasm was displayed.Take several references in some well known travel guides with a grain of salt.	
Oct 6 2009 	Never ever ever ever stay here - sleeping on the pavement is cleaner	This is a dirty, pretentious hotel with poor facilities and extremely rude staff. When reporting a rat in my room (quite a large one), the reception staff asked me to 'open the balcony door and let it out as there is no porter available'. No restaurant for evening meal and the furniture in the room has signs all over it saying 'damages will be charged for'. Very unwelcoming indeed. The bathroom in my room had mould and i got a splinter from the 'antique effect wooden flooring'. I am not particurlarly fussy, but this hotel really is dreadful.	
Sep 24 2009 	Poor Service	We had a bereavement , the Hotel took all the money for the cancelled room and then booked the room again, taking double money , and leaving a very distressed grieving wife.Their management supported this process.	
Sep 14 2009 	Warning - check the location of your apartment is not on a major road with a noise level to wake the dead.	Booked a one bedroom apt. in good faith having stayed with this hotel on Trebovir Road before. On arrival, taken some distance to &quot;newly refurbished' property with an extremely busy 3 lane road literally metres from the bedroom window. The website has flash pictures of both bathroom and kitchen, however the substance is not there with very poor/dirty/minimal cooking equipment , a significant drainage problem in the shower, and a certainly not new, rock hard bed. Upon expressing our dismay at our location, the staff replied we should have filled out a special request at the time of booking and no, they did not have any other vacancy to relocate us. A done on the cheap renovaton of an older building in a poor location. Avoid.	
Sep 1 2009 	enjoyed our stay	We stayed in Apartment 10 in the apartments on Warwick road. At our late arrival we were shown our apartment by a polite young man. The lobby was lovely and the receptionist informed us that there was a buffet breakfast every day until 9:30. After several steep flights of stairs we arrived. The flights of stairs did not bother us but I can imagine how they could be bad for young children or the elderly. Our apartment was exactly what we needed. It had a fully furnished kitchen, double bed and eating area. Though we went out to eat for most meals, we stayed in a couple times and cooked during our five night stay. The maid service was great. The young women were very friendly and cautious not to disturb. Our only complaints are the following:-no air conditioner (though there is a fan which made the room bareable during the day)-only 1 channel on the tv worked. After midnight there was absolutely nothing to watch.-during breakfast most of the staff are very friendly, unfortunately one guy who worked there made it difficult to enjoy a relaxing breakfast. The first time we walked in he looked at his watch before he said hello, worried we got there after the 9:30 deadline (10:00 on weekends). He pretty much yells at you to get out, warning 5 more minutes to everyone and taking away the food before 9:30! We enjoyed our breakfast only once when it was his day off... This man needs to take his job a little less seriously and put his customers first. Otherwise, we were quite pleased with our stay. Do not expect 5* because it is not a 5* hotel.	
Aug 30 2009 	I'm definitely coming back!	I stayed in Mayflower hotel for a week this August with my boyfriend and we absolutely loved it. Mayflower hotel has a good location on a quiet Trebovir Road with excellent connections (underground). We are budget travellers not interested in luxury accommodation, but Mayflower felt like it to us, for 70 pounds per night! The staff was very friendly and helpful and the room (n:o 40) was tidy and comfortable with beautiful textiles and nice wooden floor. The bathroom was clean and shiny with a very good shower. We had coffee making facilities, a safety deposit box, hair dryer, a free WiFi and a fan, which is more than we usually expect. Breakfast buffet was served in pleasant breakfast room with access to outside terrace. Buffet included coffee/tea, juice, croissants and bread rolls with jam and other toppings, youghurts with muesli etc. and fresh fruit. When in London, you have to accept things like narrow corridors with floor to floor carpeting or tiny lifts. Houses are small and hotels are no exception, at least not in our price range.We will definitely stay in Mayflower hotel next time we are visiting London! We just hope they are not discovered by too many travellers and tempted to rise their prices...	
Aug 24 2009 	DO NOT stay at the Mayflower Hotel and Apartments under any circumstances!	All I can say about this hotel is avoid it at all costs! We booked a one bedroom apartment for a 2 night stay. First impressions of the hotel are lovely - reception is clean and modern and just like the pictures on the website. But that is where the positive review ends. I realised before booking that the apartments were a 5 minute walk from the hotel so wasnt bothered about that at all. But we were allocated Apt 9 which is on the top floor (up 3 flights of stairs) with no lift and far too many stairs for a 4 year old! It was small (about the size of a large double bedroom) with a sofa bed, 2 single beds and kitchen area so overcrowded to say the least. It was unclean and unbearably hot. After much complaining at reception we moved to Apt 8 (one floor below) which was slightly better. However, the whole building is dirty, without air conditioning and in general need to maintenance - holes in the wall, bare wires, nails sticking out, doors held together with tape etc. Breakfast is poor and served in an overcrowded breakfast area.Please believe the negative reviews on this hotel! It really is dreadful and worth no more than probably £50 per night. The apartments are more like a hostel!To make matters worse I actually emailed the hotel before arrival to request a 'nice' apartment as the weekend was a surprise for my husband and daughter. The response I received was 'our one bedroom apartments sleep up to 3 people' - talk about missing the point - I should have known then we were in trouble.As a final note - during my two days here I heard 3 seperate people complaining about their accommodation in the main hotel so it seems that's not much better than the apartments. The general feeling is that the rooms are too small and overpriced.Dont waste your money here - it really is dreadful!	
Aug 1 2009 	BEDBUGS IN APARTMENT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	apartment not attached to hotel-ten minute walk round corner-couldd cope with this (plus the noise and general decay) BUT then discovered about ten bedbugs on both bed and sofa bed when we came back at midnight!!!! hotel had no room to accommodate us by then (did not want to risk another apartment) so we had to ring around other places. Having paid laterooms.com £300 for a 2 nite stay this was shocking. The young guy on reception was very apologetic and offered us use of the internet to find somewhere else but really, this is not on. we had to carry our bags back round through the streets to get refund and then start ringing hotels in the area. eventually found acommodation at 1 am. Nightmare. bed bugs aside, the apartment was not the cleanest, dingy, very very noisy and not very secure-e.g. balcony doors did not lock. (right beside tube station, main road) Could have suffered these but the bugs ....no. they suggested that the previous guests may have brought them in...????really not good enough and i won't be booking through laterooms again either!	
Jul 28 2009 	We will repeat!!!	My husband and I recently stayed for 4 nights at the Mayflower Hotel. Located on a quiet, charming, residential street, a short distance from Earl's Court tube, and many good restaurants, the Mayflower is an excellent hotel in London. The accommodation is modern elegance and well maintained, with good sized, modern bathrooms. Breakfast was very good, with a nice selection of continental, and English. Above all, the staff at the Mayflower were friendly, accommodating and always willing to help. Truly an enjoyable stay. We would recommend to anyone going to London. We will be back for sure next time we're in the UK.	
Jul 28 2009 	Courtesy and value for money	A friend of ours had recommended the Mayflower Hotel to us, some time ago, so we had high expectations. Fortunately we were not disappointed. The hotel is very close to Earl's Court station, and therefore it is very easy traveling to Heathrow airport, or 15 minutes from London's West End. The hotel looks great inside, with some lovely architectural details, and the use of some beautiful fabrics make for a wonderful atmosphere. Our room was comfortable, and clean, and the staff were friendly, and helpful. We would highly recommend this hotel, and are looking forward to a return visit next year.	
Jul 23 2009 	Pleasant surprise and convenient location!	I stayed here once and I was pleasantly surprised. I recieved a newly renovated room on the lower level and it was modern, clean and quiet.The one thing i remember about the staff was that I had gone on this trip post a divorce and i was a little down when i arrived. When i was shown to my room there was a desk girl that came to my room to ask me if i needed anything or if i wanted to talk for a minute. She seemed genuinely interested in helping me. That was honestly very sweet and unexpected.My stay was for a week and it was so close to the earls court tube station and in walking distance from nice pubs and things to do. Very nice charming neighbourhood and felt safe.I really liked my room and my bed was soft and the bathroom was really great! It had a walk in open stone or slate shower, bowl and swan neck sink and very clean. This was a pleasant surprise and I was very glad I chose it.	
Jul 20 2009 	Excellent	We are four friends travelling all around Europe and London was our last stop. The hotel we booked last minute because the actual hotel we suppose to misplace our booking but what find we were really impressed with the level of service we received since the time we step in to the hotel till the time we checked out. All the member of staff was really pleasant and very helpful. We have a wonderful stay over there and we will be coming back again to mayflower. The room which we were in have enough space and very clean. The breakfast was excellent. I love the lounge area it was really relaxing and above all they have a small garden at the back of the hotel which was really nice as we have our dinner over there. I don’t agree with the people as they say the rooms are small they are not as my own experience the rooms are smaller in the other European countries.	
Jul 12 2009 	Absolutely Cramped	This place was nothing special.. especially for the price! I stayed in hotels in Paris, Berlin and Rome that were all nicer than this one and less than half the price. There was a TV in the room with a desk and a chair... but the TV took up all the desk space, and the chair was so close to the bed that you literally couldnt pull it out far enough to sit on it! This place was a real disappointment.	
Jun 18 2009 	Amazing 2 nights in a WONDERFUL hotel	I arrived at the Mayflower a little apprehenisve after reading some recent reviews. I walked left out Earls Court tube station, left again, and 1 minute down the road and i was at the Mayflower, so first star for location- SO central and easy to get to. I arrived at the lovely reception area and was greeted by a friendly helpful receptionist, second star. He asked to take payment for the room, but as i wanted to see the room first he allowed me to just swipe my credit card and pay after i had checked out the room, third star. As he then led me outside the hotel and down some stairs to a basement room he told me we had been upgraded to a luxury suite,fourth star. WOW. HUGE four poster bed, beautiful furniture and bedding, kitchen, dining table, huge TV, walk in closet and massive bathroom which giant shower. I was a very happy girl, fifth star. Everything was clean and high standard, only problem was the remote died, but we werent really interested in watching TV anyway. Could have done with more towels, and be careful of the shower... it floods easily as there is no door, its more of a wetroom. All in all i had a fantastic 5star 2 day getaway to London and the fact we only paid for a standard double room made it even better. I will be back!	
Jun 15 2009 	average - nothing special	On arrival hotel looked lovely, reception &amp; lounge very modern. Lift very small! we stayed in room 34, which was very &quot;compact&quot;, no air conditioning so had to open windows but then had to close them as very noisy - trains!!!!. bathroom lovely. When going to breakfast found breakfast room very nice again modern, then I asked for traditional breakfast as did not want continental, i chose scrambled egg, mushroom, tomatoes, sausage and toast price - £7.50!!!!!! only to be told they only do halal sausage - please forgive me but this was London and would at least have liked a choice ie: british sausage, vegetarian sausage or halal!!!!in the end i chose scrambled egg, mushroom &amp; toast - £3.99 If we did stay again i would skip breakfast and pop to McDonalds round the corner - would be cheaper!!!! On the whole hotel was clean just a few things could be changed - air con would make it more pleasant.	
Jun 9 2009	Small room but it's London go out	In Earl's Court, the main travelers' district, so don't expect to meet many Londoners. But a nice place, friendly and cooperative. Very clean. The room is unbelievably tiny with just two camp cot sized beds. No honeymoons here. Who would come to London on a honeymoon anyway? Good value for money.	
Apr 22 2009	A safe bet for a mid-range London hotel	I booked 7 twin rooms for two nights to accommodate half of a stag party over a weekend. As the ages of the attendees ranged from mid-thirtes to late forties, we were keen not to end up in a hotel resembling some of the scrofulous fleapits I have previously had the displeasure to have endured on business trips to London.First impressions were good; friendly enough staff, in a small but smart reception area. The rooms were all well-appointed, if a little on the compact side (even for London). As best man I asked for one of the better rooms (purely for the sake of the groom, of course), and was perfectly happy with it. There was a small safe, a decent TV and tea/coffee tray, and the decor was clean and modern. From the selection I saw, every room has individual styling, and there were no complaints from any of our party. The bathroom was a treat - quality fittings &amp; fixtures and a big walk-in tiled shower with good pressure and an unwavering constant temperature. The beds were comfortable with fluffy duvets, and our 2nd-floor room didn't get too much street noise (not that I would have noticed, arriving back at 4.30am). There is 24-hour night porterage, and they are happy to hold on to your bags after you have checked out - although they didn't seem to be massively concerned about security, as we saw several bags sitting unattended in the small lounge adjoining the reception.Breakfast seemed to divide opinion. My friend's poached eggs looked tasty, although other reports suggested the standard was not consistent. Continental breakfast is included, anything cooked is a la carte. Personally, I would put the standard of the breakfast fairly low on my list of priorities when choosing a reasonably-priced London hotel - Earls Court Road is about 30 seconds' stroll away, so surely you can find something to eat?A dedicated curmudgeon could probably find something to moan about here, but for our purposes The Mayflower delivered just what we expected of it.	
Apr 17 2009 	Never again!	Let's start with the positives; location is almost perfect - less than a minute to Earl's Court tube station, external appearances very good, room size (if in deluxe or above) is very acceptable and the bathroom is of a good size with functioning (thank god) facilities.Now to the negatives, whilst I was not in London to stay in the hotel room for the period of our stay I do have some standard expectations for the room e.g. cleanliness, facilities etc. At first all seemed good, advised at check in (by very pleasant receptionist) that we had been upgraded from a standard double to deluxe double. However, first thing that surprised me was the request for full payment in advance something I am not used to with Hotels as with all other hotels I have stayed in you are provided with a service and then make payment on departure (as I was soon to discover there is no service at this hotel so that is why you pay up front).So bags duly dropped off, we spent the rest of the day exploring London... after a wonderful evening out, we get back to the hotel and first shocker - make up on the pillows, hairs in the bed!!!! This swiftly followed by the realisation there is no telephone in the room in order to contact reception, and being on the 3rd floor we were not in the mood to go back to reception. I went to complain in the morning and point out a few other nuggets of information to the duty manager: the bed issue, no telephone, tv not as advertised, dirty towels in room, stains on bathroom floor, dirty/dust in general - this was met with a lack of interest and a lack of action from the staff. I also pointed out that the card stating the facilities they provided does not meet the room provided as by this point I was thinking lets see what would make them interested. Out of everything they appeared interested in the missing trouser press which a random handyman turned up shortly after to install - I don't think they took on board the sarcasm in my voice when saying this was not in the room.this is when I discovered the reason why they take payment in full when you check in - we strongly thought about checking out and moving hotels for the second night, but would obviously want a refund - this was not going to happen as the 'policy' of the hotel is that cancellation should be 48 hours in advance - this would be a bit difficult as we had already checked in and hadn't seen the shocking state of the room!!! So they offered us a move in room to the standard room - not happening after seeing the box room they call a hotel room.In summary - go to the Mayflower if you wish to have money taken off you for a dirty room, dirty towels, dirty pillows and hairs (from someone else) in your bed and the management/supervisory staff not being interested in the least in anything you have to say. They have an attitude that you should be grateful that they let you in and you should not complain about anything.	
Mar 1 2009 	Very Good	We stayed in one of the apartments and was pleasently surprised. The apartments are right next to the Earls Court tube station and opposite the Earls Court itself. The decor was modern, it was clean and the kitchenette was good. The only downside was that it was quite a walk from the main hotel - about 5-10 mins. So when you check in, you then have to walk to the apartment; don't wear heels like I did!	
Feb 21 2009 	Noisy Room - Unprofessional Reception Staff	Don't go there or at least - Don't accept room no. 33! When we arrived at the hotel on Friday evening we were told we could profit from an upgrade to an &quot;executive suite&quot; for the same price. Strangely enough my girlfriend had to pay for our room (no. 33) in advance by credit card. We were soon to know why...On Saturday morning (7.30am) we both awoke from a disturbing and continuous loud humming noise which lasted about 15min - enough to be fully awake! When complaining to the reception staff they told us they would check what the problem was. They said it was the first time ever someone complained about this noise. On Sunday Morning we were again woken up at 04.45am by the same noise. From the regularity of the noise we finally guessed it must be a warm water pump which was installed directly above our bathroom. Every time some other hotel guest took a shower this noise made sleeping impossible. After complaining the reception staff gave us finally another room for our third night. However when we asked for an appropriate refund for not being able to sleep (one might think undisturbed sleep would be one main purpose of a hotel room) the staff showed absolutely no comprehension and told us only the hotel manager Faisaal Saloojee could decide on refunds, but he was back on Monday only (of course long after our scheduled departure)...Our written request for a refund was then denied with the following arguments (extracts) by Frank Davis, Customer Services:&quot;Every room of the hotel has a water pump... unfortunately we have no control over the humming noise... Unfortunately, as your first complaint was about a noise in general we were trying to locate the source of the noise but to no avail... some guests might be light sleepers... Unfortunately, we are unable to honour your request for a refund as all refunds for a guest's stay must be made during guest's stay&quot; (NICE ONE, huh?) &quot;You have fully used the accomodation supplied without attempting to cancel your booking. Only on these occasions we would have been able to offer you a refund&quot;.No further comment...	
Jan 21 2009 	never again	On arrival was told they had no record of my confirmed booking, took ages to sort and I was due to go on a company Christmas party so was stressed. Room was tiny even for one night. Bathroom was not clean and there was too much noise at night as windows not double glazed.Arrived for breakfast at 8.30 next day and was told they had run out. Rude staff who would not help out. Hope this is not representative of London hotels, have travelled extensively and can say hotels in India and Eastern Europe at this grade were far superior.	
Nov 14 2008	Disgusting place	I booked a single room for 4 nights. They have me a room on the top floor. It was the smallest hotel room I've ever seen, smaller than an EastHotel room.It was impossible to put a bag anywhere. There was constantly noise from the railway. In November, the room was extremely hot even when the window was open. Instead of a duvet, there was a dirty blanket. The walls are paper thin.I had to cancel my booking after a sleepless night but had to pay for 2 extra nights due to the booking conditions.In the end I paid £10 more and stayed in a Hilton. Their single rooms are about 4 times bigger than what [--] hotel offers.	
Oct 31 2008 	Small Rooms Dirty Noisy Very Rude Staff	I visited London for a funeral, unfortunately for me I had to travel sleepless and when I arrived I realised that the Hotel was under recostruction, especially the front area . I have to inform you that my travel agent was never informed therefore I wasn't informed about that specific detail. Not taht will have made any difference because noise wasn't the only problem I faced staying at Mayflower Hotel &amp; Appartments, as you will see below.My room was facing at the front and the constructors could even see me inside my room. Also this wasn't the room I prepaid in my booking. I asked for a single room with a double bed, but my room and bed was so small that only a midget (no offence to the midgets they are addorable) could happily sleap over, and if you are suffering from claustrophobia this room was the ideal to give you a panic attack. The bathroom was dirty and moulded and dirty in several corners.So I kindly asked to be moved to another bigger and quiter room, but they said that they didn't have other available rooms except another midget room in the &quot;basement&quot;. I am also reffering to the elevator which could fit only one normal person and my suitcase barely could fit in it.Dead tired and emotionally exhausted Iand hoping to find some peace and rest in a quiet room, I moved to that room which what a suprise was similar to the other one, but this time that room was next to the train rails and next to the breakfast area.(Also the breakfast that is included and cost me another 10 pounds for each night was a laught. The food that our church gives to the homeless is gourmet compare to what this hotel serves for breakfast. I know because my mother is the one who organises it!!!)With no alternative I stayed one night and I informed the duty manager in the reception( who by the way with no condolence for my situation - being there for a funeral- was the rudest person I ve ever faced in my life), that I ll be cheking out the next morning staying one night instead of two.I was a flying attendant for nine years and believe me I cannot even recall the number of the hotels I ve stayed.This was a lifetime exprerience and I must admit one of the worst. As a closure I must inform the readers and hopefully the owner of the hotel, of this review that the prepaid amount for the second night was never refunded as it supposed to be since I had no intentions in leaving the hotel but I didn't have any other choice.Thank you	
Oct 27 2008 	Great stay at the Mayfloowe 10/10	This is a really sweet well furnished 'bijoux' hotel, next door to earls court tube and easily accessible to lots of top attractions. The room was really nicely decorated, small but everything was a good standard (We did get a free upgrad from a standard to an executive room though) the lounge and breakfast room were really nice, the inclusive continental was good, lots of choice. Friendly service, good value for money would really really recommed it,	
Oct 21 2008 	Small Room	I stayed at the Mayflower Hotel because they offered a very good rate to a meeting planner and someone else was paying for my stay. On arrival I was given a room on the top floor which overlooked the rail tracks and was extremely warm/hot. The room was also extremely small. I went down to reception and asked for and received a different room facing away from the tracks. It was equally small. So small that I had to place my 21inch roller bag on the bed to open it, and had to store the bag closed in an upright position. There was a built-in desk but the bed was so close to it that I could not move the chair back to sit in it. I had to stand in front of the desk and move the chair sideways till it was behind me, then sit and reverse to get up. The bathroom was equally small. Water was hot but pressure in shower was low.I had to unplug something to get a free outlet for my laptop. The Hotel has an elevator which is also very small and very slow. One person and one roller bag can fit in it at once.Free WiFi is offered in the lobby but I received a signal in my room too. Continental Breakfast included cold cereals, some whole fruit in a bowl, rolls and bread, and sliced cheese, tomatoes and cucumbers along with juices and coffee and tea. Full cooked to order breakfast was offered at additional charge but I didn't try it. The hotel staff were nice, the hotel was very clean, the location was convenient but the rooms are too small.	
Oct 20 2008 	Don't believe the Internet Page	We booked a Mayflower Apartment as an alternative to staying five nights in a small hotel room. We were taken from the Hotel to an under street &quot;cave&quot; on Warwick Road by a surly staff member, who thankfully, I did not have to deal with again. The room,(“apartment”) which had one small window and was accessed through 3 locked doors was cramped and hot. A noisy fan was the only form of ventilation. The double bed was squeezed into an alcove and a large amount of space was taken up by a &quot;cupboard&quot; housing the hot water cylinder. Pots and pans were provided but no stove top ??The bathroom was at least, clean and modern.Location only a couple of doors away from the entrance to Earls Court tube station was a bonus.A disappointing welcome to London and I would recommend that travellers request some details of the apartment before confirming a booking.	
Sep 30 2008 	Great Hotel	I stayed at this hotel with my husband for four nights to do some sightseeing in London. I booked the Mayflower because I had read a review in the Telegraph which said it was good value for money. We found it to be excellent in every respect.We had a friendly welcome from the receptionists and were told we had been upgraded to an executive room at no extra cost. The room was quite spacious with a very nice bathroom which included a good size corner shower. We could not work out how the safe worked and without any quibbles the receptionist sent a porter to show us. The room was spotlessly clean and the bed comfortable. The self service buffet continental breakfast was plentiful and excellent.The proximity to Earls Court tube station makes the Mayflower a good choice for exploring London and we will definitely stay there again.	
Sep 20 2008 	Very Disappointing	We booked our stay at the Mayflower for George Michael's final concert. When making the reservation we were told that we had booked a luxury suite, and looking at the website we were impressed by the hotels offered qualities.On arrival, we were a little early, we were told our room was not yet available. Not an issue as we were in London. However, when we finally checked in we found we were not in the main hotel but an associated apartment block on Warwick Road. This is where things started to go wrong. The apartment was sparcely furnished (other than the kitchen area for which we had no use for) the bedroom had no room either side of the bed to get in or out of, the chair was broken an worst of all there was no way of shutting out the incredible noise of Warwick Road out of either the lounge or bedroom areas.Needless to say our stay, thankfully only one night, was much disturbed.The website desribes the very best fittings within the bathrooms and walk in american type showers. These turn out to be overhead appliances at the end of a small bath! Furthermore, no luxury bathsheets here just 2 small towels and a bath mat.Do not be drawn in by the wonder pictures on the website as these are not trully representative of the reality (in our case anyway). I do believe if you are lucky enough to get the room you have booked and are in the hotel, things are much better. Sadly we were not and did not enjoy our stay despite confirming the Luxury Suite booking twice prior to checking in.We did email the hotel and were responded to very quickly. A small refund was promptly offered too, which compensated the difference in price between apartment and luxury suite. However, if you are looking for luxury make sure you are not in Warwick Road and request your stay to be in the main hotel only.	
Aug 19 2008	Great hotel in a great location...	I stayed here during my first visit to the UK in 2003. At the time the hotel seemed to be going through some upgrades. I stayed in a double room and found it to be small but adequate. The decor was modern and comfortable. The bathrooms were beautifully done and modern. The location is just a stones throw to the Earls Court tube station. I would stay here again. It is in a safe area and the rooms were comfortable.	
Aug 12 2008	Mayflower Magnificent	The Mayflower Hotel and Apartments in London are magnificent.I booked my family of 5, 2 adults and 3 children in to an apartment via another website. What a surprise I got when we arrived. The reception is absolutely gorgeous and under my breath I was saying to my husband there must have been a mistake because this couldn't be where we were staying for the price I was quoted. Well in a way I was right although free to use the hotels facilities our apartment was just across the street.Another terrific surprise. Penthouse living at it's best. My family were overjoyed. The place was immaculate and kept that way by an excellent maid service the whole week.We were in London to do the whole tourist experience and th Mayflower is an excellent base for just that. Situated 1 street away from Earl's Court tube station we had easy access to all of London's top attractions. If we felt like an evening in we had everything in the neighbourhood.We wouldn't consider staying anywhere else.	
Jul 27 2008 	Please consider carefully before staying here	I chose this hotel to stay the night before a vital exam in Earls Court. I had read reviews on Trip Advisor and contacted the hotel directly to make a booking specifically identifying my need for a quiet room in preparation for the exam. I was confirmed a double room for single occupancy.On my arrival late in the evening, I was informed that I in fact was not booked into a room, but was in an 'apartment'. This apartment I found to be in a basement flat, away from the hotel, adjacent to Earls Court Station. There was a constant noise of trains. The room was clean. There was no phone in the room which presented increased difficulty due to poor mobile reception in a basement room. At around midnight the occupants of the adjacent flat came and thin walls meant all the noise from their flat kept me awake until 4.30 am. In addition to the trains and the adjacent occupants, at around 1am there were people ringing the doorbell which sounded in both flats. The lack of a room phone meant I could not communicate with the hotel reception.The most disturbing aspect was the response of the hotel management who instead of an apology for misleading me about what it was that I was booking into, said all they could have done is to refund my money if I'd checked out at 1am. I explained that nowhere to stay, at 1am, on the streets around Earls Court, with an exam marking the end of my surgical training in the morning was the absolute worse of all situations. However there was not even the slightest of empathy. I was most upset by the attitude of the management, I feel with good justification. More than anything else, it is this that would make me urge anyone thinking about staying here, to reconsider	
Jul 11 2008 	Mice	I think this hotel was pretty decent for 3 budget travelers at 99GBP/night - breakfast inc.; except there were mice in the rooms. I believe, mice were everywhere in London so for an old building like the Mayflower, having the critters running around was no surprise. We especially liked the convenient location to almost every business that we could think of........ restaurants, 7/11, fish &amp; chips, photo studio (you need 2 photos to purchase the underground pass), travel agencies, even a couple of mini casinos, etc &amp; etc. Hotel clerks were friendly and helpful. Unfortunately, most of the waitpersons serving our breakfast couldn't speak English. They were international exchange students and one came from as far as Mongolia!	
Jul 1 2008	The REAL Mayflower Hotel! Don’t believe their web site	Where is this hole of a room on the web site for the Mayflower Hotel (--) ? I certainly couldn’t find it. Imagine trying to get to that bed having arrived with a large suitcase - thank God I travel very light. Oh, and that chair was fun trying to get into and out of. The alternative they offered me was an equally small basement room (hmmm, surprise, also not on their web site) with a window mostly facing a wall ie with no light at all. When I asked for a refund after seeing this miserable room – they called the Police because I was recording their ‘quality of service’ on my Nokia N95. I will certainly never forget this place.To see the video of the room:(--)	
Jun 29 2008 	scary small	While this may be a typical hotel style in London (I usually stay at high-end hotels) I was not only surprised but scared at times. I should probably mention here that it was our first trip to London. We were greeted by 3 very quiet, somber middle-eastern gentlemen complete with turbans. It was obvious we interrupted a conversation of sorts when we checked in. Needless to say it was uncomfortable to say the least. Once we checked in we attempted to take our luggage up to our room. Operatiave word here is &quot;attempted&quot;. The elevators (lifts) were the size of a vertical coffin (for 2). Yup - that's it. Seeing as we were traveling throughout the UK for 2 weeks, we had some luggage, so it took 2 trips EACH up the lift to our 2nd coffin - the large closet with a bed - yea, that was our room. The mattress was all of 3 inches thick, minimal closet space (not a biggie for me, but may be for some of you). I'll spare you the rest of the details, but you can imagine. The room was clean, I do have to admit that. The bath, also, was clean. And, breakfast (complimentary) was served in the basement level. It really wasn't bad.Upon leaving the hotel, we asked the front desk to call us a cab. A large Mercedes pulled up, (aparently a private hire car) a man speaking broken English (perhaps a nephew of the owner?) got out of the car and started putting our luggage in the trunk. We followed (again, we were green!), got in the car and told him to take us to Charring Cross train station. That was the longest ride of my life (all of 4 miles!). I actually caught the driver glaring at me via the rear-view window. Stupidly (isn't hind-sight 20/20?) I &quot;glared&quot; right back. It's a wonder I'm alive.Mind you, I'm the last one to consider myself biased or prejudice, but this was a true test amongst extreme cultures. If this doesn't type of trave doesn't bother you, feel free to stay - the place was clean - just made me very uncomfortable.	
Jun 18 2008 	a pleasant surprise	We booked one night at this hotel fairly last minute. On arrival at Earls Court tube sation we realised we had stayed in another hotel in the area a couple of years ago and it was dreafully, o it was some sense of foreboding that we made our way to The Mayflower. The street gave no clues to how good the hotel is. The location is central and its easy to get around on the tube system, there are also plenty of fair-good eating places in easy walking distance. The hotel reception was clean and modernan d the receptio staff welcoming. Our room was on the first floor at the front of the hotel so it had a small balcony. The lift was remarkably small, only or 4 persons and once upstairs it is a maze of small the corridors, some extra signage would be helpful. Our double room was small but had everything we needed.It was beautifully clean, well decorated and furnished and we were exceptionaly comfortable. The bathrom was just the right size with a walk in and efficient shower. Overall we were very impressed and would not hesitate to stay at the Mayflower again.	
Jun 14 2008 	Great Location!	The location was fantastic!!!! My husband, myself and our 2 daughters (ages 19 &amp; 24) stayed at the Mayflower for 9 days in June. It was extremely difficult to find a room in London that would hold 4 adults for a resonable price. My husband and I had traveled in England before and knew that the hotel rooms are notoriously small as compared to the US so I was a little concerned about the amount of space we would have. We had a room in the main hotel, in the basement just down the hall from the breakfast room. The room was fairly quiet and much larger that we had expected. We had 2 double beds and there was plenty of closet space. There was a desk and 2 chairs in the room and we still had sufficient room to move around. The bath was unusually large with double sinks. The only anoyance was that the bathroom exhaust fan was poor and when more that 2 people took a shower the room became humid and muggy. The room did have a stand fan supplied that helped with that problem. We were at the front of the hotel and since we were in the basement our windows where below street level. They were frosted so that nobody could see in but that meant the we could not see out to check the weather until we left the room. We spent so little time in the room that this was not that big of a deal. Being in the front of the hotel also meant the we didn't have the annoyance of hearing the underground as other reviewers have mentioned. We also had a computer and took advantage of the wireless internet. We had no trouble getting connected and communicating with people back home.The complimentary breakfast became a little boring after the 4th day but it was filling and it was one less meal you had to buy. They had cereal, yoguart, fruit, cheese, crossaints, rolls, toast, juice, coffee and tea. You could order extra (eggs, etc) for an extra fee.The very best thing about the Mayflower was the proximity to the Earl's Court Underground station!!! It is litteraly around the corner! At the other end of the street was Earl's Court Road with a couple of grocery stores that were a good place to buy snacks and many eating places including Subway and some cute taverns. There is a great pizza place called Snappy Pizza, the pizza was really good. While I can't really call the prices a bargin (nothing in London is a bargin with the currency exchange as it is now) our experience with the Mayflower hotel was very good and I would stay there again.	
Apr 29 2008	Scam -- beware!!	We booked a night in this hotel using the property website. As we checked-in, we were asked to pay for the night in advance, which seemed weird (as other hotels bill you when you check-out). After we paid, we were told we had been assigned a studio in a property next door, because the hotel was full. We were told the studios were more spacious and luxurious than regular rooms (?). A hotel employee showed us the way, to a building on the street in front of the hotel. As soon as he opened the door of the building we could see we were in for a disaster: The building was old, not well maintained and with poor light. We were shown our studio, which was just TERRIBLE -- the furniture was old, the carpet was dirty and smelly, the bed was oddly positioned on a split level, etc, etc, etc. I knew I was not going to be able to sleep there so we went back to the reception and asked for another room, preferably in the hotel. We were told there were no other rooms and that the one we've seen was the only one available. We decided to leave and ask for refund to try our luck and go to another hotel and to our SHOCK, we were told that they could not give us a refund (of the money we had juts paid 10 minutes ago) because they had offered us a room. Unbelievable. We argue with one of the ungraceful employees in the reception desk but he said we will had to go back next day to discuss that with the manager as he was not authorized to give us a refund. We could not believe that was happening in London, and we felt were part of a SCAM. In a nutshell, we left the hotel and spent the night at another one. We are still waiting for our 135 pounds refund. LESSON: DON&quot;T EVEN DARE TO GET CLOSE TO THIS HOTEL.	
Apr 20 2008 	Lovely hotel great location.	We arrived at the Mayflower Hotel on a freezing cold December morning (two hours earlier than the official check in time) and were warmly greeted by the helpful reception staff. Even though we had arrived earlier than expected, our room was already ready and we were able to have the keys so that we could drop off our bags and head out for the day. The room was lovely, and although fairly small, it had everything you needed and plenty of storage and hanging space. The bathroom, again, although small was clean and tidy and the shower was lovely! The radiator had obviously been left on prior to our arrival and consequently, the room was lovely and warm-just what we needed! Little tip though-turn the radiator down or off before going to bed-we woke up in the early hours and it was like an oven! The dining room is lovely too- really modern and contemporary; the food simple but enough to fill up on and even though we arrived towards the end of breakfast, there was plenty left! Overall, the staff were friendly and helpful, location perfect, (literally a 2min walk to Earls Court Station) and our room was lovely! Would definitely return and would recommend to friends and family!	
Apr 6 2008 	Small but still perfect!	The hotel location is perfect - it is literally just around the corner from the Earl's Court tube station and Earl's court exhibition halls. It is really handy for the Piccadilly line to and from Heathrow, and easy to get into the town centre.The staff were very friendly and welcoming. Our room was quite small, though it didn't matter as we were barely there! However, the room was cleaned and the beds changed daily, so it was very clean. A newspaper was left in the room each day too, and there were some lovely toiletries in the bathroom.Would stay here again no problems.	
Mar 30 2008 	Pokey Bedrooms	Have just spent a night at the Mayflower - We got moved there as there were problems at their sister hotel. The hotel looks nice from the outside and the receiption was ok but our room was small and dark with no room, outside of the wardrobe, to put anything on. The bed was very hard and uncomfortable and the room was not particularly warm. The bathroom was tiny and when sitting on the loo it was almost impossible not to knock the toilet roll on the floor (or bruise your elbow) as it was so close to the wall. Saying all that, it was a very clean room. We were under the impression that we were staying in a 4* hotel but when we asked for a newspaper for the following morning we were looked at with amazement and told there was a Daily Mail in the room - not what we wanted and, as it happens, no Mail appeared the next morning anyway!! The breakfast room was a joke. It was so crammed in with tables and chairs it was very difficult to get to the cereals/breads/fruits and beverages that were on offer. We seemed to spend most of our time in a queue edging around the tables - not a leasurely breakfast and we were glad to leave!I feel that there are better 4* hotels in the area and will not be making a return visit.	
Mar 23 2008	Good hotel not the best for couples.	We read the reviews and expected it to be small but were surprised at how the bed was pushed up against the wall making it tougher for the person sleeping on that side (ie. me) to get in and out without disturbing the other. This was made all the more challenging with a wardrobe set right at the foot of the bed. The bed was rock hard, we both had sore backs from it. That duvet weighed a tonne so we had to make do with the thin blanket. We were on the 4th floor looking out over the back so yep, there was noise from the trains and when stopped there was construction that would go on all night. And the walls were paper thin so you got to hear all kinds of activity going on in the adjoining rooms.There is free wi-fi however the signal was very weak. Often we had to hold the laptop towards the middle of the room to get a signal. The television had two remotes and no explanation on how to switch it on. It took a while to get that figured out and then the picture was pink.The bathroom was very small with a laughably tiny sink but the shower was pretty good.The service was good, the people working reception were very friendly and helpful.The breakfast cut off at 9:30 so we didn't get a chance to try it out but thanks to the location there were many great restaurants and pubs in the area. Plus the tube is right there which was great.If it's one person staying here then I totally recommend it. Two, and I would try to get the largest room possible otherwise you're going to have a hard time.	
Mar 22 2008 	Mayflower hotel	Me and my partner booked a standard double room for two nights. Friendly staff, nice warm atmosphere in the reception area. There is only one lift to share with staff and it is very small. There was sacks of laundry in the lift so we had to walk three floors up to our room, but I must warn you there is alot of steps to walk up! Room was pretty standard, quiet small but I was impressed with the cleanliness of the room. The shower room is very luxurious and I must say it is much more impressive than the room itself. The only problem's with the shower room is that there is no shower curtain/doors and floor gets very wet. Also there is no ventilation/air con so the shower room can be very humid. Room walls are quiet thin, my partner had difficulties sleeping because he can hear other room doors slamming, also I was awaken by the trains outside. Loss of power on the first night except for the lights which is strange but was sorted out the following day. A little dissapointed with the breakfast as there wasnt much of a choice. I'd recommend this hotel, but I'd advise you to book an executive suite.	
Mar 20 2008	Just OK	The good thing about the hotel is that it's close to the Tube station and numerous restaurants and pubs. The area around the hotel is relatively safe. Also, the bathrooms are brand new and clean with marble tile.The problem is the room itself. It felt much more like my college dorm than a four-star hotel. I can deal with small rooms. But my room at the Mayflower just felt uncomfortable. The wood floors looked liked they needed to be cleaned. The furniture and wood paneling looked cheap. The old sheet on the bed had a hole in it.The staff was nice for the most part. But, unfortunately, I can't justify the cost of the room with the quality of the room. I probably won't stay here again in the future.	
Mar 17 2008 	Good value and convenient for the tube	This hotel is very convenient for Earls Court tube station and the Exhibition Centre. We have stayed here three times on weekend breaks to London and have found that, although the rooms are small, they are clean and comfortable. A good breakfast is included in the price of the room which makes the package very good value. Check for special offers in January and February.We have asked for a room at the front of the building as we were told that the trains can make the back rooms rather noisy. You do get some noise from the road but this can be overcome by earplugs. We also suffered from noisy neighbours as the rooms aren't particularly well sound-proofed. Because we live in a very quiet area, we are particularly sensitive to noise!We have always found the staff to be pleasant and helpful. I do not remember seeing a lift so suggest that anyone with walking problems ask if there is one before booking as the stairs are quite steep and narrow.	
Mar 16 2008 	Climbing practice!	It is easy to be disappointed with hotel rooms in London. The Mayflower promises something a little different however, but does disappoint!The furnishings are quite luxurious and oriental but I had two major gripes. Firstly there was little or no room around the bed. It was a good job paid a bit more for the delux room as it was difficult enough getting around. The cheapest rooms must be even more cramped.Secondly the bedding was unusual and uncomfortable. A sheet and a single blanket was topped by a heavy and quite stiff bedcover. A very uncomfortable night followed.I'll not try them again.	
Mar 10 2008 	Never Again	We stayed in this hotel for one night and let me tell you this was enough. Not sure what type of room we stayed in but it it definitly did not deserve to be called a room. It was the smallest room i've ever seen and lets just say if you were any bigger than average size you would have some problems moving around this room.The earls court tube station was directly behind our room. The trains did not stop until approx 12am and started up again at about 5.30am. the bed was really uncomfotable so as you can imagine we got hardly no sleep. It wasn't all bad the hotel was clean and was just around the corner from the tube station but it was not worth the £99 we paid for it.	
Feb 20 2008 	Mayflower Apartments are very nice and good value	Last month (Jan. '08) we stayed in the Mayflower Apartments in a one bedroom flat next door to the hotel. It was clean, nicely designed, comfortable and spacious with very nice beds and a well-equiped kitchen. Because our stay was such a nice experience, we booked in again for February. After we checked in this time, we were surprised to be walked all the way down Trebovir Road, into Warwick Road, and past the tube entrance to flats the hotel also manages. This ground floor flat was also lovely (although smaller - a studio) - nicely designed, wll lit, and comfortable. The double bed was just twins pushed together but very comfortable none-the-less. The full kitchen was nicely equiped and well organized. The bathroom was beautiful and well designed.The only negative aspect of this accommodation was that it was on the front of the building right on Warwick Road, and consequently very noise all night! If you are a light sleeper, you would not have been happy.We will happily book this hotel again but would most likely request a different flat.	
Feb 19 2008 	Lovely hotel	This hotel was good for the price. Although it was smaller rooms compared to other hotels it was worth the money. The room was clean, beds were layed everytime we left the room and had fresh towels for the two days we were there. For £96/per night it was a good deal. The downside to our stay was the beds, although it was big it was two beds pushed together which made it uncomfortable when it came to sleeping at night.Breakfast was served early and had a nice range to suit everyones needs. Our room was on the third floor and hardly heard the noise from the train station round the corner.I would definietly visit Mayflower hotel again.	
Feb 18 2008 	Egg bacon sausage beans mushrooms 	This hotel was fine except the individually themed rooms were as individual as a standard holiday inn room for example (it didn't live up to the pictures on the web site). The bedding was not really appropriate for cold February nights and the one thin extra fleece blanket provided between two beds wasn't enough.Although not stated the breakfast was quite a basic continental.All in all it was clean, bright and modern (if ordinary) and the staff were helpful and friendly. But we could probably have stayed at a comparable hotel and had a good nights sleep in a warm bed followed by a full English for less money.	
Feb 12 2008	Nice hotel	Nice hotel. Good location (2-min walk from the metro)Friendly staff, Buffet breakfast, good quality.Room is newly decorated, a very beautiful. but I saw different rooms have different style, let's see whether you are good luck or not.rate is GBP79 per night. worth for it.	
Jan 12 2008 	Big on the Small Stuff and Handy to Everything!	This hotel is really an amazing deal for London for ?75/per night (booked online). We have stayed here twice and will continue to use and recommend The Mayflower. As in most hotels that are not part of chain in London, the rooms are small, but you can’t beat the price (which includes a continental breakfast) and amnesties. We stayed in the hotel for four nights on a business trip in September 2007 and on a holiday in July 2006 and would recommend it to anyone who is seeking a deal but doesn’t want to sacrifice too much. By American standards, the room and beds were small, but considering the current rate exchange with the pound and the US dollar, it was a bargain! In September, we stayed in one of the front rooms facing Trebovir Road, which had two twin beds and was fairly roomy for the hotel. The room came with an ensuite bathroom (not necessarily available in many of the smaller hotels) and the following amnesties: free wifi, hair toiletries, and kettle. The room we had in July had a single, queen size bed (ensuite bathroom) and was facing the back yard area and the rail lines, although neither the trains or the street were really noisy. You can also hear doors opening and closing in the halls, but hopefully all the hotels’ guests are considerate. (Although not used by me) the hotel can also provide guests with theater tix, secure parking facilities and a temporary membership to a local gym. If you are staying in London for a while, the hotel also offers temporary apartments.The few downsides are that the desk area is quite small and the room lighting needs to be brighter if one is going to work on a computer or have to read. The one major downside is that the rooms do not have air conditioning (again fairly typical in small London hotels) and can get quite steamy. The fan (in both my rooms) and the ability to open the windows helped (although for fair disclosure, when we stayed there in July, it was the hottest day ever in recorded history for London!). Not sure how draft-proof the rooms are either when the weather gets cold.The hallways and the elevator (lift) are tiny, making it difficult to navigate large luggage pieces, but an elevator in these small hotels is quite a luxury! There is lounge room with a small juice bar, a large and airy breakfast room (in the basement), and outdoor seating in the small backyard. If you aren’t carrying a wifi enabled PDA or laptop (consider yourself lucky!), you can access the internet for free on a computer in the lounge for short periods of time. Breakfast is served early, but it’s plentiful with many fruits, yogurt and cereal, breads, and juice (you can view the breakfast menu on the hotel’s website). Eat as much as you like! For a fee, you can get a traditional (cooked) breakfast. Local pub grub and Indian food abound (with the fancier restaurants further afield via cab or tube). At the Trebovir and Earls Court intersection is a Gourmet Burger Kitchen with the original Kiwi flair in food and attitude evident by the burger combos such as beetroot, egg and pineapple, and the Go All Blacks! stickers. There are a couple of small grocers on Earls Court Road to stock your room with snacks, you can visit Marks &amp; Spencer’s Food Hall (113 Kensington High Street), or for a really unique, eating experience go to the Babylon at The Roof Gardens for lunch or dinner (99-121 Kensington High Street, tube for both: Kensington High Street).If you arrive at the crack of dawn from an overnight flight (as many do from NYC), you can check in early if the room is available and/or drop off your luggage if you have other plans. Conversely, they will also hold your luggage if check out but have a late flight. You can easily take the tube or local bus (even walk on Cromwell Road or various sides streets if you just want a stroll) to the posh shopping areas of Knightsbridge (Harrod’s) and Chelsea, or visit the many museums in South Kensington.The hotel is literally around the corner from Earls Court tube station, it is highly accessible to London’s Underground (locally called the tube) system. If you’re coming from Heathrow, you can take the slow Picadilly line train from Heathrow tube station (terminal 4) to Earl’s Court and save yourself a few pounds by purchasing an off-peak 3 day Travelcard for zones 1-6 for £20.00 (which you can also use on London buses by flashing it at the bus driver). The tube is unwieldy and its map in no way reflects the streets of London, so if you are going to be sight seeing or traveling to places outside the normal tourist zones, do yourself a favor and buy an A-Z booklet of street maps (almost every newsstand has one). Even our friends who live in London walk around with one!	
Jan 3 2008	Great location	George and family from ScotlandWe have returned from a very nice trip to the Mayflower.The hotel is well placed for getting the tube from Heathrow.Just round the corner from Earls court tube station, and the tube is not busy from Earls court to Heathrow so no problem if you have a few cases.Tip-: If you have children under 18 pre-book an oyster card for the tube, Send photos of the kids and pick up at Heathrow tube station. It will save you a small fortune.We were never off the tube and for the 6 days it cost around £70 for the 4 of us.We got the family room (B4) 2 adults and 2 children 17 + 14 and it was ideal for our needs, 2 double beds, well decorated with a lovely bathroom great shower. Room cleaned every day with fresh towels, and free shampoo,gel ,body lotion etc.The continental breakfast was ample, the fresh fruit salad went down well with the women.The waitresses were always on hand to restock.Be aware if you want cooked breakfast you pay extra.We were able to leave our luggage in the hotel on the last day as we had a late flight, which enabled us to do an extra days shopping (Husbands beware).I read earlier reviews about some of the staff not being very helpful.Well we stayed there for 5 nights and found all the staff very friendly and always eager to help.I would book here again without any problem.	
Dec 14 2007 	Its very good and I say so	This is my first review and I thought I will write one because it is only right I contribute since I read other people's before I booked my hotel.I stayed in Mayflower Hotel in Earls Court, London. I read reviews about the hotel on the website and I thought some of them are quite negative. I stayed there for 3 nights and I thought the staff were friendly and helpful. The hotel is 1 minute walk from Earls Court tube station. Good thing is that its on the Piccadilly Line so if you are flying to and from Heathrow its on the same tube line, so I didnt even need to change which is helpful. The hotel is at zone 2 so its not actually far from central london. Around the hotel there are quite a few restaurants and supermarkets so its very convenient. I found the room very clean and tidy. The only downside is that the room is small and I think that has been mentioned by some of the reviews but then it is London!! I think people have too high expectation. After all, if you want a big room how about the savoy thats £400 a night. The continental breakfast was good. When I was searching for somewhere to stay in london for the money I was paying to stay at Mayflower it ranged from a 6 bedded hostel to hotel with shared bathroom facilities. So I think this is by far the best location.	
Dec 9 2007 	Convenient location shame about the service.	We were &quot;upgraded&quot; to an apartment, despite the fact that we'd specifically booked a room. On our first night we had no hot water for a shower. Reception informed us that they couldn't reach maintenance and that we should come back in the morning. By the morning we had no running water at all. Reception informed us that we couldn't change rooms but we could use another room to shower. The manager was keen to point out that the whole street had no water, although interestingly the hotel itself (on the same street as the apartment) was unaffected as we were able to shower in the room which they lent us (which they did not clean between the guest vacating and us using). At no point did anybody come up to our apartment to check the water. The hotel itself was nicely decorated, although our apartment entrance was tatty with ripped carpet and missing batteries from smoke alarms. Breakfast was nice but not well stocked and cutlery was at a premium.	
Nov 14 2007	amazing!	Booked through laterooms.com, went for it because it was very well priced and advertised as 4*. From the websites it looked lovely and modern, but feared it wouldnt live up to the pictures. Well, it did, and then some. Its in a nice road, barely a minute from Earls court station, good resturants and a supermarket. You walk into a modern receiption enclosed in a beautiful wooden frame. The staff were friendly and nice and show you to your room. We were down in room 8, which is small, but not too small and very cosy, the only issue was the TV placement which was on the wall but you had to squeeze past it to get to the other side, but that was it; it was modern, clean and comfy. There wasn't a lift to the room, but it was in the basement with only one other room (which was a luxuary room and looked AMAZING! four poster bed, the works...) so a lift there would have been a bit unnessesary i feel, although there did seem to be a lift to other parts of the hotel.The bathroom was awesome, with possibly the biggest and best shower ever, it must have been 4.5 foot square at least, and all marble with massive mirrors, lovely. There was a slight rumble from the tube in the basement, but it was much nicer than traffic and didnt seem to happen much.The rest of the hotel was clean and tidy, free wifi as well as a computer on site to use in the coffee bar, which also had the most comfortable sofa ever in it. The Complementry breakfast was the usual affair, cossiants and jams, cearals, tea and coffee all in a rather nice dining area. It looked as though there was an outside courtyard which im sure would be lovely during the summer but in november it was less appealing, mostly due to the cold and the rain.Possibly my favourite hotel so far.	
Nov 4 2007 	its all about your room location	My partner and I have recently stayed for two nights at the Mayflower Hotel on Trebovir Road in Earls Court.It's literally only three minutes walk from Earls Court Tube station and sits in the beautiful Trebovir Road which is leafy and and very exclusive.Check in/out experiences, friendliness of staff etc aren't really relevant in this type of review in my opinion. Not unless they're rude for any reason which they weren't at all.We booked a 'superior double room' however, the size of the room was very, very small. If this is a superior double then I wouldn't like to be in the non superior. The extremely small bathroom was pretty nice to be fair.Our room had two double beds but they weren't really adequate enough to sleep two adults and were uncomfortable. On the second night we slept in a bed each so we could stretch out a bit. This room is designed to sleep four adults. I'll tell you now I wouldn't like to be in a party of four in that room.Unfortunately our room backed onto Earls Court Tube station which caused constant noise. The tubes run from around 6am to midnight. However, when the tube stops the all night maintenance work starts. This is very noisy and the double glazed slide-able window did a poor job of keeping the noise out.This hotel may have ticked enough boxes to make it a four star, but it certainly didn't meet our expectations of what we would expect from a four star hotel. No amenities, doesn't serve hot food, no room service, health facilities, generally very small.It serves continental breakfast (which isn't included in the £100 per night room fee, £15 extra roughly) because it is obliged to for its star status. There isn't a cooked option and no evening meal dining option (four star hotel?) The continental breakfast is nice, however the orange juice was clearly watered down quite a bit on our second morning at breakfast. That's very poor.We've stayed in five star accommodation in Edinburgh (The Scotsman) for the same price as the mayflower (£100 per night) and that place was a like a palace compared to the Mayflower (Yes, I know its London).The next time my girlfriend and I go to London we're considering just doing a budget hotel and going out for a paid breakfast. The tube service is so good and quick it matters not where you actually stay in Zone 1 or Zone 2.After reading some of the other reviews it seems to me that your experience of staying in the Mayflower will be decided entirely on the room that you stay in and its location within the hotel. That isn't really what you should expect for £100 per night now is it?A two star hotel hiding in a beautiful building, in a beautiful street with a 'lottery' room allocation system. People who have &quot;loved&quot; this &quot;excellent&quot; &quot;value for money&quot; hotel, I'd suggest are very easily pleased indeed.	
Oct 9 2007 	Nice room great location	My friends and I did our homework/research, read reviews, asked questions, etc. Finding out in advance where the better rooms are located within the hotel really helps to prevent disappointment upon arrival. Yeah, you got a cheap room at 54 pounds but where was it? Top floor (hot), overlooking tube station (noisy). You get what you pay for. This is London, after all. For 105 pounds you do get a luxury room (mine had a balcony) on the front of the hotel, first floor. When we checked in, I suppose they only had one of these rooms available so my friends were given the Pasha Suite, just next door, street level, a very spacious suite with kitchen and king sized bed (for the same price as the luxury room). They were very accommodating to us. The rooms were nicely decorated, although I think they could have put a little more money into plusher mattresses and pillows, but we still slept well. The lift was rather amusing due to its tiny size, but at least it worked. The location was excellent. Every day we walked to Earl's Court Road and did our shopping, dining, anything you need is just a short walk away, including the tube station around the corner. We didn't take avantage of the continental breakfast included with the room because we enjoyed sleeping in a bit and it wasn't served after 9:30. But we found several restaurants/pubs nearby which served a very good full cooked breakfast for about 5 pounds. Overall, we enjoyed our stay in Earl's Court and the Mayflower Hotel.	
Sep 12 2007 	Very nice room!	I stayed at the main hotel for three nights this weekend, as did several of my work colleagues whilst attending an exhibition at Earls Court.From the comments of my colleagues, it would seem that I had the best room (maybe because I made the main booking?). My room was on the ground floor and had obviously just been decorated. It had a really nice plasma screen, the bathroom was lovely, the decor was great and the bed really comfortable.On the negative side, you had to shoulder the bedroom door to open and close it (new floor laid and door needed to be adjusted which was done on the second day of my stay without having to say anything), no waste bin in the room and no phone. Not having a phone proved a bit inconvenient on the first morning as I could not get the shower to work and then had to get dressed to go to reception to ask someone to look at it. Which they did and between us, we managed to understand it.My room was at the back of the hotel with the tube station just behind it but I can honestly say that the noise from it wasn't that loud and having such a comfortable bed, it certainly didn't keep me awake.I cannot fault the front of house staff, they were very friendly and extremely courteous. If the breakfast room staff could smile it would be a welcome sight in the morning!	
Sep 6 2007	somewhere you never want to stay.	MAYFLOWER APARTMENTS in 22nd out 24th June 2007We arrived in London on the 22nd June 07. We had booked accommodation with our Travel Agent in New Zealand.What we had booked was described as A Superior Two Bedrooms MAYFLOWER APARTMENTS26-28 Trebovir RoadEarls Court London, ENGLAND. We booked into the Mayflower Apartments at which point they informed us that our accommodation was down the road at their other apartment.We walked about 50 mtrs dragging our luggage down to the apartment. Then up a very narrow staircase with worn carpet some parts had had tape put on them places just holes. Finally at the top (4th floor) we entered the apartment 1st bedroom had a queensized bed in it, then into the lounge were we saw the next bed it was pushed into an alcove with a 45deg attic roof surrounded by three walls. This meant that the person on the far side of the bed had to either get the other person to get out of the bed so they could get out, or roll over the top of the other. This was totally unsuitable for us as two members of the group had medical conditions that would prohibit them from climbing steep staircases or trying to roll over another person in the bed.We went back to the office with luggage in tow, and requested another apartment to which they replied there is none the towns fully booked as there is tennis on. At this point we asked for a refund which was also refused.They then instructed a representative of their business (cleaner they said) to go back to the apartment, two of our group went with her. At this point they discovered that the apartment was inhabited by long term residents which again was not satisfactory.The remaining two in the office retrieved the voucher and asked if they could try and find us some accommodation, again the answer was no.We then asked if they could ring us a taxi again no was the answer.I wonder if we would have had a better reception if we had told her we were in fact Moteliers from New Zealand. This is an appalling way for people in the accommodation business to be treating overseas guests, what a poor opinion we will have of the people of London. If I a asked by anyone I meet where to stay in London I can certainly tell them where not to stay.David &amp; Jillian Griffin53 Meeanee Quay WestshoreNAPIER Phone 64 06 8357566bamboolodge@callplus.net.nz	
Sep 3 2007	good for london	Check in was average, not overly friendly staffWent up to the top floor twin room in the tiny lift.very clean and modern by London standardswent to get a shower but there was no shower gels or soaps, when there should have been. so i rang down to reception and asked for some, and the lady told me that there was some in the room. well i was in the room and there wasn't. so she reluctantly came up to give us the small shampoo and shower gel bottles. On arrival to our room, she just walked in straight to the bathroom to check if there was any. I think she must have thought we had stolen it which i found very offensive and she just barged in and didn't ask if she could have look. The hieght of rudeness if you ask me!!!!!! hotel went seriously down in my estimations after that.As we were on the top floor the heat in our room was some what unbarable! there was no air-con and only a small attic window.Breakfast was very good for a London hotel.Location was just 3 minute walk from Earls Court tube. so good location.Overall,+ve = good location, good breakfast, clean and good value for money we paid £54 altogether for a twin room and breakfast.-ve = poor customer skills from staff,. they need to learn how to smile! no aircon therefore got too hot at nightwould probably stay again and reccommend the hotel as it is nice for london and for the price!!!!!!	
Aug 31 2007 	Loved this Hotel	A great small hotel. We loved this hotel for it's location and ambience. This is a small boutique hotel that is very clean and friendly. Our room was newly remodeled and everything was spotless. The room overlooked the tube station, but the trains do not run at night and it was very quiet. The only complaint I have is that the room was warm and we had to keep the windows open. The breakfast was much better than we expected -- everything you should expect prepared fresh. We will definately stay here again.	
Aug 29 2007 	Very overrated - a 2 star hotel	When we booked we paid the extra to get an executive room, as the hotel told us these were much bigger than the standard room. It was still pitifully small, barely enough room to move, although we did see some much bigger rooms there. We asked could we be moved to one of the bigger rooms, but the staff were simply not interested. The service was non existent, the lift is so small that only one person could get in with their suitcase. We had 3 families staying there for 2 nights, and none of us would go back. The only positive we could give it was the bathrooms, which were very modern by London standards, although quite small. Altogether a very disappointing experience. We later stayed at Victoria Park Plaza near Victoria tube station for the same cost, and the difference was amazing - that is a really nice hotel.	
Aug 15 2007 	Mayflower is great value	Stayed in one of the Maylower apartments actually opposite Earls Court (which was handy as we were there for the Beer Festival within). Apartment was great - especially the bathroom.Only downside was the traffic noise of the main Warwick Road - but nothing earplugs couldn't solve.In all, very good value for money for London.	
Jul 21 2007 	Good location and value	We found the Mayflower via an Australian magazine review and we were looking for a place in London that was affordable and could house 2 adults and 3 children together (vs separate rooms). We were given a separate apartment in a separate building on the 4th floor. It had 2 bedrooms, separate bathroom, kitchen and large lounge room. The quality of finishes and cleanliness was average, but the price excellent for London. You are really only a 4 minute walk to Earls Court Tube station and as a family you can have meals at home and do laundry. For us this outweighed the lack of quality of furnishings and torn carpet. We may sound negative but this is place has a great location and is fantastic value is you need a 2 bedroom place with laundry and kitchen facilities in London. Unless we win lottery we would stay there again.	
Jul 13 2007 	lush bathroom	Stayed at the Mayflower Hotel for the first time for 2 nights earlier this month after booking it via the hotel reception direct. It was £99.00 p room p night with breakfast which was quite reasonable given the location and decor of the hotel. The interior was of a very high standard but I had entered the reception area before and it appeared a lot smaller this time as if they have put a room of some sort behind the reception area. The staff were very friendly and accommadating and always had a smile which for London is RARE!! We were told our room was ready and on the third floor so we waited (&amp; waited) for the very small lift to take us and our luggage up the stairs. The lift is tiny!! Our room was very pleasant with nice &amp; clean decor with two windows facing the main road. There are a few bars/clubs nearby but the noise was tollerable really and you have to expect noise in the middle of London. The shower was very spacious and the bathrooms nice and clean with lovely tiles. Our tv didnt work so all we had for a bit of entertainment was a crackly radio on the teasmade machine but Im not really one for staying in watching the telly anyway!!! Other negative would be the lack of love shown to the rear courtyard/patio area which was looking very sad and some of the plants had died. The courtyard could have been a lovely feature of the hotel. I peered over the fence of the next building and noticed that it had a very grand landscaped garden which then made the hotel's look a lot worse. The breakfast room was very pleasant with lots of cerials, rolls, toast &amp; juices. The cooked breakfast is extra, which is fair enough. We were going to The Ivy for lunch anyway so we didnt want too much at breakfast. On check out the staff once again were very friendly and let us leave our bags there whilst we went and did a bit more shopping. So overall this hotel is very handy and Ive walked past it in the past &amp; often thought about staying and now I have. I would stay again for sure.	
Jul 8 2007 	Good Value for Money	We found the hotel to be far above and beyond our expectations due to some negative reviews we had read beforehand. We found the staff to be very pleasant and accommodating. The room was gorgeous and very nicely furnished, and it perfectly fitted our needs. The bathroom was stunning with the shower properly functioning contrary to reports we had heard. All in all we thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Mayflower and would definitely consider returning there.	
Jul 5 2007	WARNING: Sent to a different hotel	I booked this hotel because it looked nice and reviews were good. I searched and found good prices on a couple of websites.So I showed up, and was very impressed by the appearance of the hotel. Photos seem to have done it proud. Very easy to find from the tube etc.I paid my money and waited for my key.And the guy says &quot;you're not actually staying at this hotel. Your hotel is about 100 yards down the road ...&quot;And I say &quot;Ok ... &quot;, thinking I was going to one of the apartments or something.Turned out to be a dingy 2 star hotel down the road.It seems they overbooked. When I asked at the other hotel they said that they weren't affiliated to the Mayflower, but this kind of thing often happens. In the event of overbookings this 2 star hotel sometimes takes bookings from the Mayflower.After a couple of complaints to both hotels that night, I went to bed as I was exhausted. Next morning, the manager at the Mayflower dealt with my complaint be giving me a voucher for one night's free stay. I would have preferred if my original booking had honoured, but I was satisfied enough with how the manager dealt with it in my case. Now it's up to you to decide if you want to risk it .....	
Jun 30 2007 	Well done mayflower	Myself, my mum and step-stap stayed for four nights at the Mayflower in one of the appartments and we loved it!!! Very spacious and clean, our appartment was cleaned and fresh towels left every day and our beds made. The location was ideal just two minutes from earls court tube station. The only problem we found was the noise from the trains leaving and coming to the station which was located directly behind our room...nothing that ear plugs didn't fix. The staff were friendly and we didnt need to make one complaint. I'd go back.	
Jun 6 2007 	Good Value 	We stayed here for one night and were pleasently suprised as booking in London can be a bit hit or miss. The location is great , just around the corner from the tube station and Earls Court. and handy for a number of cafes, resturants and small supermarket and its on the night buses route. The rooms are very small but have everything you would need for a couple of nights stay. The sound of the tube could be heard every now and again but didn't disturb us and Im a light sleeper. Breakfast is continental but fry up can be provided if you pay extra and if the weather is good you can sit on the terrace. Overall very nice place to stay.	
May 18 2007 	Good value for money	I stayed at the Mayflower Hotel on Monday 14th May for one night. The Mayflower was one of the better hotels in the immediate area. I negotiated a price of £55 for the night with c/breakfast. The rooms were clean albeit quite small. There is a functional small TV in the room with access to Sky news. The bathroom was good and the shower worked efficiently. The staff were very polite. I particularly enjoyed the fruit bowl at breakfast. The hotel is ideallly placed a few hundred metres from the tube station. There are quite a few restaurants and bars in the immediate area. If you can get a room for under £75 then I would suggest that this represents good value for money when compared to some of the hotels in the Earls Court area.	
May 9 2007 	DREADFULL No hot water in morning staff could not care less	When we got to the hotel the staff seemed very unfriendly not at all interested in smiling or making you feel welcome.We made our own way to our room which was suppost to be a luxury room howevwer it was so small we kept bumping into the bed which was rock hard and squeaked and groaned everytime you turned over.Didnt sleep to badly however. The bin men at about 6am turned out to be a very effective wake up call pity realy i quite fancied a lay in.And so for a nice hot shower and some tasty breakfast but no alas no hot water reception was called and we were told how we were obviously incapable of the simplist shower controls and they would send someone up.He tried the controls and also was unable to produce hot or even luke warm water.He went away and we sat waiting for news but none came.I will not go into detail about the breakfast but stale bread and dreadfull coffee kind of summed up our experience in the mayflower .A hotel i would not reccomend to my worst enemy.	
May 7 2007 	Reasonable well priced hotel for London	Have just arrived back from a weekend at the Mayflower hotel. We had a booked a triple room and it had two double beds. The room was very small but how much time do you spend in a London hotel room? The bathroom was bright and spacious with a great shower (once we worked out how to turn it on!). One minor point is that the room can be a little dark as there is no ceiling light. There is some limited noise from the Underground but nothing that would really bother you or keep you awake.The staff were all very friendly and the breakfast was great particularly the fresh fruit salad. The location was perfect. Only a minute from Earls Court station with lots of resturants nearby.I would recommend this hotel if you are looking for a functional, clean, pleasant hotel at a good price. After all, if you're looking for luxury in London, you have to pay for it.	
Apr 29 2007 	A good choice	We just returned from our 3 nights stay in Mayflower Hotel.Although our double room ( Nr.20 ) was rather small, we liked the bright room very much. Everything was spotless clean, wooden floors, enough room for our luggage in two wardrobes, a big mirror, a hair dryer, a desk with chair!It was not as noisy as we expected from the reviews we had read before, we did not use our ear plugs.The bathroom looked very new and nice and there were enough fresh towels every day.The staff was kind and helpful, the continental breakfast with choices of cheese and vegetables, different kinds of bread, cereals, juice, tea and coffee delicious and plenty. The two breakfast rooms look modern and stylish. There is also a pretty small patio garden next door.The location is perfect, two minutes away from Earl`s Court underground station, only 35 minutes to go to Heathrow by tube. There are several restaurants and pubs close by in Earl`s Court Rd with Indian and Italian food at reasonable prices.So I can recommend Mayflower Hotel, we went to London several times and always looked for a new accomodation, but we will come back to this hotel in future, - hopefully next year!HSInnsbruck, Austria	
Apr 21 2007 	Location! Location!	We stayed at the Mayflower hotel in October last year. Our priority was to find a place close to public transport, with kitchen facilities, that wasn't too expensive. The Mayflower is in a great location, only a couple of minutes walk from the Earls Court underground, which services the District and Piccadilly lines (we actually caught the tube from Heathrow to Earls Court). Also, walking distance to many restaurants and a 24 hr supermarket.We had an apartment at the front and it was a reasonable size. The kids (6 &amp; 4yrs) slept on the sofa bed and fold up bed in the main room. Our bedroom was small - only room for a bed (ours was two singles pushed together which was really uncomfortable!). The kitchen was a good size and included a fridge, oven, dishwasher and washing machine. There was free wi-fi access on the ground floor.Apart from the bed, it was a great place to stay and we would definitely recommend it to others.	
Apr 2 2007 	Nice interior helpful staff small rooms	Stayed for 2 nights in March 2007. Very nicely furnished. Clean room. However our triple room was very small - difficult to open and then store suitcases without blocking doors. Good location close to Earls Court tube station.	
Mar 31 2007 	Nice enough place but TINY rooms	We were looking for somewhere to stay that was close-ish to the Royal Albert Hall and fancied something that wasn't going to break the bank and wasn't a Travelodge. We booked a double room for £82 B&amp;B, so not bad at all for that neck of the woods.Anyway, upon arrival the staff were friendly and checked us in fine. We were on the 4th floor, so called the lift, which was the size of a matchbox. Good job I don't mind small spaces. When we arrived at out room we had a bit of a chuckle about the fact that it was so small. don't get me wrong, it has all the stuff you need but you can't really move once you are in there. If the wardrobe door was open, you couldn't walk through the 'room' at all. It was all clean and tidy and the bathroom was attractive and clean. The only thing is that it really is miniscule, I can't stress enough that it is such a small space that you wouldn't want to stay for more than one night unless you were a Borrower. Without exaggeration, the room space was about 7' square. The shower is one of those ones that comes down from above your head and there is no curtain or screen so it does make a bit of a mess of the bathroom.The breakfast room suffers from the same space problem. It is a shame that the hotel has been filled with so many rooms that guests are squashed even when attempting to pull out a chair to sit down in the breakfast room. There is hardly any space around the buffet so it's a queue for breakfast, which is normal, but there is nowhere to queue except right up against some other poor guest trying to eat their cornflakes. The food on offer was fine, standard continental stuff.Our room was on the back of the hotel so you can hear the trains clearly as well as the platform announcements but slept ok.Overall, it's fine but just remember to breathe in everywhere you go.	
Mar 23 2007 	great place will stay there again	Was a little afraid because of the reviews but it really was a lovely stay. Its right around the corner from the tube (which closes at 11pm so no worries about late night trains keeping you up) we slept with the window open every night (the rooms do tend to get a bit stuffy) and it wasn't noisy at all. I went with three friends and the four of us stayed in a family room which was tight, however, all hotels in London are tight. The rooms in the front seemed to be slightly larger. There was a radio alarm clock with a cd player in the room so waking up in the morning was pleasant. We got fresh, clean towels and a change of sheets every day. The breakfast was lovely, with fruit, cereals, yogurts, juice, coffee, tea, etc. The staff was excellent, recommended a great tea place near by called The Muffin Man. The area is fantastic as well, after the pubs of central london closed down, we'd come back to Earl's Court and find it still filled with young people. I also liked that they lock the doors at night at the hotel (not to worry nightcrawlers, if you fancy coming home at 4am, just ring the bell and the concierge on duty will let you in). London real estate is pricey and all rooms are small, don't hold it against the mayflower!	
Mar 23 2007 	Mayflower a good choice	Very nice small hotel that is close to Earls Court tube station. Clean, nice rooms with marble bathrooms. Rooms are small but provided everything I needed. Stayed in two different rooms and the only problem was noise from the tube station and some street noise. Overall a good stay and value. Service is very good.	
Mar 22 2007	Don't Bring Any Luggage!	Good location to Earls Court Tube and lots of places to eat within walking distance. We had an &quot;enhanced&quot; room that was so small we could not open our luggage. There was very limited space to hang anything. The bathroom was very small but adequate. The bed was very hard as was the pillows.The staff was very friendly and helpful. The continental breakfast was above average. We found the hotel clean and service very good. The room was so small that it was hard for two people to share but for the price, we lowered our expectation. As nice as the people were, we would not stay there again although the price is attractive.	
Mar 6 2007 	So lucky to stay here!	I booked a double room directly with the hotel, and we were given a luxury suite appartment as the hotel was fully booked. The appartmenthouse is directly beside the hotel. When I read the previous reviews about the appartments, I was very close to cancelling the reservation, but luckily for us, took the risk! Our appartment was just great! The appartment had more than 50 square metres with a bedroom, big living room with a dining corner, a fully equipped kitchen, a hallway and a bathroom. There was even a washing machine in the appartment! The appartment was in the basement but it had big windows and a backyard of its own. Behind the backyard wall, there was the train station. You could hear the noise of the trains but we had no problems with it when the windows were closed. Continental breakfast was included in the price and consisted of coffee, tea, juice, roles, croissants, toast, jam, cheese, fresh fruit, yoghurt and müsli. The hotel staff was very friendly at all times. We can warmly recommend this hotel, we will return!	
Mar 5 2007 	Apartment great - traffic noise terrible	I was worried about my booking (01/03/07) because I had read so many negative ones on here. However, the apartment was great - one big bedroom / kitchen with a table and chairs plus a really good shower bathroom in an excellent location in London for £99. Really hard to beat that kind of value.The staff couldn't have been more helpful, even letting me use the PC in their lounge to log onto my e-mails because I couldn't get my wireless to work and carrying my luggage all the way to my room (the apartments are in an adjoining street to the hotel).But - London traffic noise let it down. The room was hot but I had to keep the window closed because of the noise and even then it took me 2 hours to get to sleep. Maybe my 4 years in the country have softened me but it was pretty horrible. All in all - excellent price, excellent hospitality and location. Awful London noise.	
Mar 5 2007 	Impressive start disappointing finish	We wanted a hotel in London that wasn't in the main thoroughfare, was reasonably priced and not a big corporate chain. However, we also wanted a decent sized room, cleanliness and value for money. Upon our arrival, the staff were nice enough and the foyer and entrance look really great so we had high exectations. We were directed to our room on the ground floor and quite honestly I felt like I was in a cheap bedsit. The mattress looked old and curved up at the corners, there were stains on the wooden panelling to the side of the bed, the room was smaller than I could ever imagine, the windows were dirty, it was dark, dingy and depressing - added to that was the rumbling of the tube. Its only saving grace was the bathroom - really lovely and clean with contemporary fittings. Anyway, I complained and we were offered another room on the top floor - it was brighter and slightly cleaner but still tiny and had a shoddy feel (also dirty windows with a large crack in one of the panes).This hotel has apparently undergone major improvements but the room sizes are definitely compromised, the paintwork and general finish is poor, the towels provided were clean but threadbare and if you are on the back of the hotel the tube will probably disturb you as the overground station is within spitting distance.To its credit, the staff were friendly, the breakfast room and breakfast was as expected for the price (cold buffet style) and the en-suites were clean and contemporary. Trebovir Road is also a pleasant quite street really well placed for the tube and nearby shops and restaurants (Wagamama, Masala Zone etc). However, I won't be returning and in my opinion there are better hotels in London for the money.For the record, we stayed in room 44.	
Mar 1 2007	Wonderful!	I really enjoyed my stay at the Mayflower. I stay in London quite often and I found it a delight. My room was beautiful, very clean and with balcony. The staff were very helpful and very friendly. I would recommend this place to anyone. Oh, one thing. It is a bit noisy on the front but I had earplugs, which I normally take to London hotels anyway, so wasn't that big of a problem. Very nice!	
Feb 26 2007 	Not worth it!	The best thing about this hotel is that the location is right next to the underground. The hotel itself was dirty, noisy and most importantly the staff were very unaccomodating. The &quot;2 bedroom&quot; apartment was about the size of a large closet. There was very little room to walk around and only one small cupboard to put clothes away.I	
Feb 20 2007	Bad choice for a night of peace	thought an apartment was a great deal boy was i wrong! round the corner on one of the noisiest roads in london with a fire alarm that beeped all night despite several calls to reception. looked so good on paper, got no sleep and no apology from the concierge, just an 'it happens'. never again	
Jan 30 2007 	Superb	Just come back from an excellent stay at the Mayflower. 1.Check in was excellent and swift.2. Room ideal paid £65 for double with continental Breakfast. Not small or noisy as some had stated. 3. Reception staff helpful and able to assist when asked.4. Location ideal, just a 3 minute walk from Tube station and only 10 minute walk to Stamfordbridge (stayed as watched football).5. Numerous restraunts and takeaways for all budgets. 6. Only small negative was Breakfast room not big enough, sat in reception reading paper while waited. By time we had a table there were about 6 groups waiting for a table.Thoroughly recommend, nice place to chill out and near to attractions.	
Jan 22 2007 	Overall OK	Stayed in an apartment in Jan 2007 with wife, baby and toddler. The apartments were in Warick Road round the corner from the Hotel.Despite requesting a parking space none was available and the girl on reception provided poor directions to a car park that was for residents only at weekends, this was on a Saturday. Having found a car park (£30 a day ouch!), we went to the apartment. We were in apartment 4 on the ground floor which was good for pushchair access. We had a tiny shower room (around 7ft by 4ft), the room was generally ok but did gave a loose tile or two around the shower. The kitchen/lounge was copact but ok, with a decent oven and washing machine and LCD TV which only had the five channels.The apartment was described as two bedroomed which was stretching it a bit as you accessed one 'bedroom' through the other. Both of the bedrooms were tiny, one had a double bed (actually two singles pushed together) and you were undable to walk around 3 of the 4 sides, this room also had ineffective underfloor heating (it worked but was just not man enough to heat the room) and a couple of damp patches on the walls. The other bedroom had a wardrobe and two single beds with less than 14 inches between them.The bedroom arrangemnt was fine for us, but if the apertment had been rented by two couples then they'd need to be friendly as the door to the double room was glass and led off the first bedroom (see pics).The overall impression was that the apartments had been 'tarted up' but were not well maintained, for example all of the radiator covers were damaged.We enjoyed our stay in London and found the Mayflower Apartments to be average and just about ok for us, but certainly not the level that thier website tries to portray. Finally there appeared to be no fire evacuation plan displayed anywhere in the apartments!	
Jan 6 2007 	Stunning!!!!!	I booked the hotel for a romantic night direct with the hotel - then I saw all the reviews. I was SO close to cancelling but ended up taking a chance. I'd booked a luxury double room but when we got there, for some reason they'd upgraded us to the luxury suite. I have stayed in hotels all over the world as a traveller and in various touring bands and have been spoilt and ripped off equally over many years. This room took my breath away. The suite is next door to the hotel and in the basement. The front door led straight into the kitchen which was as big as my own and well appointed. But walking into the main room was amazing - HUGE four poster bed, flat screen tv, dining room table and chairs, walk-in dressing room, and absolutely beautiful bathroom with shower space for the entire band, had I still had mine with me! I found the decor stunning and took plenty of photos to try and find various items of furniture for my own home!It is situated less than three minutes from pubs, restaurants, supermarkets and the tube station and ideally placed for plenty of London sights.The bed was intensley comfortable although I was frequently lost in it during the night and I had to pinch myself constantly that we were there at all.The only, and I MEAN only, thing that wasn't perfect, was the fact you can hear people walking past late at night, but it's LONDON - and personally, I would EXPECT that! It certainly didn't detract from the experience! Whoever is upstairs could do with carpeting their floor too, but again, I didn't notice this until quite late into the following morning.I would not hesitate in recommending this hotel to anyone. The staff were friendly and happy, the breakfast room and breakfast were lovely, and checking in/out was a breeze. Easily the best room I have ever stayed in.	
Jan 5 2007	Excellent	what a way to start the new year, A great stay in a fantastic Hotel the facilitties, service and breakfast was excellent. I will strongly recommand this hotel value for money. Great find we will be definitelly return shortly.	
Dec 18 2006	worst hotel experience ever	hotel advertised &quot;climate control&quot; on website, which was very, very, important to our staff, as london is very hot at this time of year,and a cool room was essential.&quot;Climate control&quot; simply meant a radiator that could be switched off!!! and a tiny noisy fan. The manager said the wording was approved by the tourist board.Under no circumstances believe any description on thier web site, as you will be very dissapionted!!!	
Dec 5 2006 	I Liked it.	I stay in a lot of hotels. Too many to be honest. I stayed here whilst overnight on business in this area of London. I stumbled on the hotel through laterooms, and I have to say, its really nice. It’s decorated nicely and has character. All the staff I spoke to were efficient and pleasant. There are some nice restaurants in the area. The room I stayed in was an executive double, costing £99. The quality for that price is just fine. Perhaps I just got a nice room. I stayed in room 11 which is the room with a balcony. The hotel has free wifi (although there seem to be plenty of generous neighbours in the area with unsecured wireless networks anyway) and the tv has a freeview box giving you plenty to watch including film4.I would come back here with my wife, and she can be quite fussy!	
Dec 3 2006 	Oh My God - Daylight Robbery	Booked through Hotel Club - great photos and close to my course in Earls Couth. Room 49 was so small. There was a single bed that covered about 80% of the floor space. Consequently the TV was bolted to the wall and the chair for the &quot;desk&quot; didn't even pull out! Luckily there is wirelass internet so I fired up my lap top and booked somewhere else through Expedia. I left and have complained to Hotelclub.co.uk that they have been completly hoodwinked. I stand to lose £350 for the 4 night stay but would have rather slept in a phone box. Never stay here - I have lived and travelled all over the world and the only word that can describe the room was &quot;shocking&quot;Though the staff were very nice - there were not surprised or interested about the fact that I was leaving within the hour.Please post this on your site and save others from being ripped off.Thanks	
Nov 29 2006	Looks can be deceptive...	but look closer at the details. The Mayfair Hotel was booked by my husband and I when we visited the city for a concert. The location in relation to the Earls Court centre was superb and I can't say that there was very much noise given the closeness of the two. As a previous reviewer mentioned, the reception area is very smart, however, you get the impression that the refurb has been done on a strict budget. The door going into our room had a 2 inch gap on a slant at the bottom. The ventilation in what can only be described as the shower cupboard was appalling. The top sheet on the bed was soiled and when I complained I was told that I could not be provided with another one until the following day - I am still waiting!! The breakfast room is not big enough to accommodate the full compliment of guests as we found out to our embarrassment - we had to hang around on the stairway until there was a table available and at that we had to share with complete strangers. Oh, and if you get the room with the french doors out to the terrace at the front, look out for the guy who arrives on the terrace quite unannounced to clean it!!! This was around 9.45 -we were up but what if we had decided to have a lie in!!!	
Nov 29 2006 	Hideous! Don't even think about it!	Don’t be fooled. The pictures on this hotel’s website bear NO resemblance to the actual rooms – certainly in the case of the shoebox we were given on the top floor. The hotel was booked out when we called, but management offered us one of their apartments at a reduced rate. A quarter of the usual rate would have been too much! In a different street to the hotel and up three steep flights of stairs, this largely unrenovated apartment had had a cheap tart-up, but the plumbing was atrocious (water to the shower routinely cut out) and the kitchen utensils etc. inadequate and in the case of the chopping board, mouldy. Asked to be moved to the hotel at the end of our stay, we were shoehorned into the smallest, most spartan, hotel room we’ve ever seen. At £90-a-night, they had to be kidding. Also beware when asking reception to book a taxi. Relocating (read fleeing, with luggage) to a hotel less than half a mile away, we were picked up by a private service that charged a flat fee of £10. This place was awful, awful, awful.	
Nov 17 2006 	fantastic	Can't understand the bad reviews this hotel has got. Perhaps it's because it's undergoing a refurb and some of the visitors got rooms that hadn't been renovated? Or maybe I just got very lucky, but although I'd booked a double room, I was actually given an apartment room - still just for £89.00 - that only one other person had ever stayed in. It was really comfortable and tastefully furnished and needless to say, very clean. I stay in London regularly, and believe me £89.00 gets you NOTHING so this felt like a real treat. Will definitely stay there again - will happily make it my London base.	
Nov 13 2006 	Loved The Executive Double	I am a returning visitor to London, and I usually stay at Twenty Nevern Square; Mayfowers sister hotel however they were fully booked so Sulai transferred me through to Mayflower Hotel. I booked an executive double and I am shockingly disturbed by the bad press - because as Sulai informed me Mayflower was the same standard so I went with his guidence. I loved the decor and the juice bar was a gem. I enjoyed the breakfast it was lovely. My only regret is because I was on business and I didnt get to spend more time there. With wi-fi accessibility it's great for business. So next summer I'm going to bring my wife and kids for our holiday to London. Great value for money, clean, welcoming staff and the size of rooms are big compared to European standards. One of the nicest hotel's Iv stayed in London. And its a steal at the price.	
Oct 31 2006 	what a joke!!!	after looking at the pictures and hotel discription on their website and in a hotel guide my partner and i deceided the mayflower sounded like the perfect place to spend a couple of nights, we are no strangers to london hotels as we visit my daughter on a regular basis. on arrival the reception area was very smart, even though the receptionist was quick to ask us to pay for our stay in advance, we felt at this point in time we had found a gem of a hotel, we were unaware of the sub-standard accomadation we were to be met with!the first room we were shown in the building next door was filthy, rusting taps and dirty walls and carpets, not a marble bathroom insite, and as for luxury furnishings well!! nothing like the photos on the website or outside the hotel.we were moved to a second room, a few minutes walk from the hotel, the noise during the night was unbelivable, we would have got a better nights sleep on the m25! in the morning tried to have a bath, no hot water. we complained the next morning and even though we were moved again, the room this time was much better, but still had to put up with noise from train station and building work, had no apology and the staff did not seem concerned at all by our compliant, they were more worried about getting £40 from us for the carpark! will NOT be staying here again.	
Oct 19 2006 	Want to Stay in a Sauna ???	We booked this hotel because from past experience we must have air conditioning at that time of year.The hotel stated that each room has &quot;climate control&quot; and ceiling fans.In fact only 1 room out of the 7 we booked had a ceiling fan, and the climate control was the oportunity to switch on or off the radiator !!! Climate control is an upgraded air conditioning a term used widely and especially in the car market,however the hotel said the London tourist board approved of this term,and there was nothing we could do about it.Every room was like a &quot;sauna&quot; and none of my associates had a decent nights sleep !!I would not recomend this hotel to anybody,as they clearly push the limits of reality.	
Oct 14 2006	Mayflower my new favorite London hotel.	I booked this hotel after seeing their lovely website. A week later I read several less than steller reviews on Tripadvisor and was ready to cancel, but decided to give them a chance based on several good reviews I had also read here. It paid off in spades!I had decided to book their executive double as it was bigger than the standard. Since most hotels in London's older buildings have a variety of room sizes I knew better than to book the standard room. The room was perfectly adequate in size and bigger than those of other hotels on the same street that I had stayed in on previous trips. I was also impressed with the cleanliness. I kept looking for flaws and discovered no hairdryer in the bathroom, because it was in the closet. The shower had tepid water for two days, until I discovered the shower had a safety device to prevent scalding. The TV didn't work, until I asked for help with the remote. They didn't provide Kleenex...that's right, it wasn't in a drawer, closet, or cabinet. I could live with that considering they provided a pants press, teapot with coffee &amp; tea supplies, Gilchrist &amp; Soames bath products, and a first class Continental breakfast.The hotel is on the first street on the left as you leave the Earl's Court tube station by the Earl's Court Road exit. There is an Internet cafe just opposite the station on Earl's Court Gardens that gives you unlimited access to their computers for one pound, I spent two hours there. On Hogarth Place again opposite the tube station there is a lovely French restaurant that serves any starter for 4.95 and any entree for 8.95, another great value in this diverse neighborhood. The King's Head Pub on the same street has become a gastropub with excellent food and you can find Italian, Japanese, Indian and Philippino restaurants in the neighborhood, not to mention a fine grocery store with take away by Marks &amp; Spencers to the right of the tube station by a block.For those people concerned about an elevator as I had been, they have one and you can't miss it unless you walk into the lobby backwards! I'll stay here again, gladly.	
Oct 2 2006 	Awful Experience: Don't Go.	I booked a double bedroom to spend a romantic evening with my lovely in what initially looked like a nice hotel, at least according to the pictures that you will find on the advertisements online and at the entrance of the property. We were firstly disappointed by the courtesy of the concierge who did not think that greeting us with a smile was part of his job description, although we saluted him warmly. Secondly, the room was very different to what I believed I had paid for. Instead of a lovely, dimly lit nest, we ended up sleeping in a very standard hotel room that had absolutely nothing special to it. However we were not yet ready to let this put us off. What really did was the concert at dusk… At 7:30am, on a sunny Saturday morning, we were woken up by a symphony of unpleasant noises. The first notes of the concerto were played by the housekeepers who were walking up and down the wooden corridors, closing doors loudly and knocking at ours pointlessly. They were then accompanied by the train station’s manager, announcing the next departures from the nearby train station in his loudspeaker: absolutely delightful... Nevertheless, the most enjoyable part of the morning was certainly the drilling and hammering coming from another bedroom apparently undergoing refurbishment. As we were getting ready and packing our bags, we received two phone calls within less than 10 minutes from the lobby to hurry us out of the room. Before we left the premises, we told the concierge about our disappointing experience. He did not find it appropriate to apologise or did not even try to take a commercial approach to this by offering us some kind of special treatment to settle this issue. All he managed to say to respond to our dissatisfaction was “next time you book a room, make sure you ask for a room at the front of the hotel”: the icing on the cake... There certainly won’t be a next time!	
Sep 29 2006 	Location good Facilities poor	We usually book our apartments on the internet and have never been disappointed however with Mayflower Apartments we were.We had booked an apartment for 3. The kitchen was recently refurbished but rest was simply and literally falling apart.The sofa cum bed was lumpy and the queen size bed was broken.We complained at the reception and they offered to give us another apartment, no doubt much larger but with different problems.There was practically no cutlery. The oven was not working, the washing machine could only be put on with pliers! The boiler leaked in the closet and ruined a shelf of clothes.There was no internet connection as promised and though there was suppose to be an iron and a hairdryer I had to give a 40 pound deposit.We were there for two weeks and required the amenities of a serviced apartment which unfortunately Mayflower Apartments did not live up to.The nearby tube station (never mind its announcements!) was very convenient, the Earl's Court Road with its restaurants (Dragon Palace being one) was useful and above all OUR positive attitude kept us from overlooking the shabbiness.	
Sep 9 2006 	Don't Go!	I do not recommend this hotel, summer or winter because if your at the back of the hotel you will end up with a vast knowledge of train timetables as it is all you can hear at most times!!! The website states climate control and ceiling fan! None of which the room had! The rooms were small and tidy but very warm and they were nothing like the rooms on the website, I would like to know whether they even existed!!!!!! One night would be ok, any longer is tedious. Beware!	
Aug 29 2006 	great hotel	my sister and i stayed here in early august. i thought this was great hotel. we stayed in one of the rooms on the basement floor, it was a little noisy from the street but nothing to crazy and loud. the beds were comfortable and the the bathroom was great. quite spacious compared to other places. the room size was great. we ran into some trouble with our flight because of all the london airport mess that happened the day we got there, but the staff was really great, they didn't charge us for the internet use when we had to find another flight. the hotel was in a good location, right around the corner from the earls court underground. the cont breakfast was very filling and they have extended hours on the weekends.	
Aug 29 2006 	Great looking hotel shame about the room size!	This hotel has obviously undergone a recent complete makeover. As a result it is now very trendy, almost like a boutique hotel. Perhaps it is a little self conscious of its image as this seems to be at the expense of basic things like the size of the rooms. Although I have no complaints at all about the level of comfort, the cleanliness, the standard of service, the breakfast and the location(all of which were excellent), I was very shocked that they could advertise the room we occupied as a double room. I have never stayed in a hotel room (of this standard) anywhere in the world where one of the occupants has to climb over the other to get into bed. Also, because the room was so small there was very little storage space in the bedroom and bathroom. In order to get to the sink in the bathroom we had to keep our elbows in for fear of hitting the very nice marble walls.I feel that the owners of the Mayflower have done a very impressive job in creating a visually stunning hotel, but that they are trying to squeeze (literally) too much out of the space they have to maximise their profits.I would not recommend staying here for a long period if you have lots of luggage, but it is fine for a few days. The location, just a minute or two from Earl's Court Station, is very handy and the road outside is fairly quiet (good job too as there is no double glazing!).	
Jul 26 2006 	Mixed feelings	We stayed 4 nights in June. Before reservation, I had red Tripadvisors reviews and browsed hotels homepages attractive photos. As I have visited London almost 30 times, I would say that I have somewhat to compare. Location was nice. Tube station was close and Earl's Court has gone trough facelift since I visited earlier. There is also very good and affortable restaurant Mazala Zone near by. Hotels staff was ok, but lacking &quot;that warm old english poliness&quot;.The room was clean etc., but there were no space exept for the bed. Really (and I know that to expect from roomsize in London)! If my husband was standing I was forced to lay in the bed. As I have red the reviews I understand now that roomsizes varies a lot. So please, check your room at arrival, if it is possible in your case.	
Jul 18 2006	Don't book the quad room of this hotel	I Booked the quad room because I extended my flight and I had no place to go. We booked the quad room but the girl at the reception sent us to another apartment, located in another part of the street. The condition of the room is worst than University reseidences. It is dirty because no one has stayed there for a while. Since we are 4 ladies...we feel insecured to stay in a such a place. You have to see it by yourself. We pay 130 pounds per night and we expect something clean...not a long term apartment that we have to clean by ourselves...I can't imagine myself using the washroom.It is dirty. I came back to the reception and said to the guy that we were so disaapointed because1. the picture on the internet and the room were totally different. The guy said it was the agent who put the picture, not the hotel.2. There is no elevator and we allocated on the fourth floor (The website shows that they have elevator)3. We want to swap to the room and the guy said he had no room left.After a while we insisted that we worried about about safetyFinally he said he got the room for us....Thx god...finally he put us to another room but still it is not the room for 130 pounds...Becareful, if someone puts you to another buiding, it means they rip you off...flight for your right!!	
Jul 14 2006 	Not for business travelers!!	I thought it might just be cultural distance between the U.S. and Europe to explain the mixed reviews of the Mayflower. Then I heard someone with a pure British accent saying much the same thing that I and another American guest were complaining about to the management. If you have high standards or travel a lot on business, you will find much lacking with this tourist-class hotel. My first night, I was put in a sub-ground level room overlooking junk in the backyard. The noise of the Underground trains going back to the barn kept me awake well after midnight. (The trains come to ground level a station or two before Earl's Court.) After some bitter complaining to the duty manager and to the hotel manager (the female night-staff person I talked to could care less and was entirely unsympathetic), I was moved to a street-front room with good light. But the advertised wireless Internet kept cutting out, and the fan was so loud you couldn't think with it on (important for summer -- note that there is no air conditioning and the windows barely open!) The room was not big enough for me to stretch out on the floor next to the bed, and I could not imagine sharing the room, even with someone I liked a lot. The breakfast was good, but you have to pay extra for eggs and anything cooked. I overheard another American guest telling the management that the apartments were filthy. Don't believe that the standard rooms look anything like the photos on the Internet. I saw three of them and they were all very different.	
May 22 2006	Wonderful Stay	A great stay at one of london's best kept secrets. I can't understand the bad reviews. My family and i thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. We had two rooms one for my wife and I and the other for our kids of 19 and 16. The rooms were beautifully designed. The service was great. Breakfast was lovely. Location is great a few minutes walk to the station. Reccommended.	
May 22 2006	Enjoyable Stay	My wife and I, just got back after a week at the Mayflower Hotel. On entering the hotel the decor was gorgeous. Along with the super-staff and service, you couldnt ask for more. The room was beautifully designed and my wife and I thoroughly enjoyed ourself. The hotel is also really nicely located in the heart of Earls Court, which made excess to shopping and sight-seeing a breeze. Mayflower Hotel, is a luxury hotel at a budget price in a superb location, to go along with the morning breakfast which was superb, it was sad when the week ended and we had to come home. Great Stuff.	
May 21 2006	A good place to stay	Stayed at the Mayflower from 18 - 19 May for our anniversary. The hotel is very well presented with a smart reception area. The staff we met were always polite and helpful.The room we stayed in was a little on the small side but fine for the price we paid. I understand the hotel had recently been refurbished and certainly this seemed to be the case judging from our room which was nicely furnished. It also had digital tv, cd player and radio alarm. The only thing we didn't like about the room was that it was not lit adequately - the dark furnishings and spot lights didn't help here, plus a lot of natural light was cut out by the heavy curtains and wooden blinds. Continental breakfast is included in the price, and very nice it was too. You can pay extra for full English if you wish but what's the point?Location is very good, within a few minutes walk of Earls Court Road tube station, which made it easy for us to get to the theatre to take in a couple of shows.All in all a hotel where I'd happily stay again.	
Apr 20 2006	Do not believe all you read!	May I recommend any Trip Advisor reader to believe in positive reviews of this hotel and probably those written in the last year.My family and I have just visited this hotel and chose the hotel over larger nationally branded chains. It does have its own character. Would recommend rooms 6 and 7 although the bathroom facilities are tight in room 6.The hotel is not perfect by any means, but provides good value for money and recent renovations make many earlier 'poor' reviews redundant.The hotel does not currently provide anything other than B&amp;B so there is a need to identify local restaurants that suit your palate. The location of Earls Court Station is within a few minutes walk and is very convenient with a lift to all platforms on both District &amp; Picadilly Lines. Unfortunately your destination may not be as good.If you choose this hotel I hope that your experience is also positive.	
Apr 17 2006	Poor service	Things were bad form the start. I had pre-booked a parking space at the hotel which was jsut round the corner frm the hotel. The only problem was that when we got there the parking was full. The managers son had taken it upon himself to park in one of the spaces so we had to wait for him to come and move his car. We were staying in one of the apartments accross the road. On first inspection everything seemed fine. Within minutes of arriving there was a knock on the door. It was a local resident who was complaining about our stay there and telling us that the hotel was letting the apartments out illegally and that we would not be covered in the case of a fire. We went accross and spoke to reception at the hotel who denied all of this and said they had never heard of this before. Anyway it was not the sort of situation you expect to face when paying good money.After a few minutes in the apartment it became clear that the place was very shoddy. Furniture was dirty and stained. Some light bulbs were broken and the wiring in gerneral looked pretty poor. On eof the lights even sent a spark of electricity close to my friend. The TV reception was also very poor.Other than that the apartment was not too bad but did not in my opinion represent good value for money.The good point is that Earl's Court station was just a minutes walk away from the apartment. The poor customer service continued on our departure. We went to the reception to hand the keys in and collect the car. The girl on reception said there was already someone at the car park so we could jsut walk down and meet them there. We walked to the car park only to find it locked and no one in sight. So I called the hotel to get them to send someone back to the car park. We waited for ten minutes and still no one so I called again and again they said they would send someone. After a further 5-10 minutes they still had not sent someone so we had to walk al the way back to the hotel to get the keys ourselves.Their porter made Manuel on Fawlty Towers seem like a realistic character.Overall, the accommodation was average, probably a bit overpriced but the poor service was what really let the place down.	
Mar 20 2006	Tiny cramped rooms	&quot;Gullivers Travels&quot; size rooms, tiny tiny cramped room supposed to be an upgrade I would hate to have seen the standard rooms. We stayed here 2 nights did not even bother to unpack as there was no room. The hotel itself was clean the staff were not over friendly but pleasant enough. Breakfast as expected was continental but we left hungrier than when we arrived.The hotel was way too expensive for what it was. Another downside was no bar. There were some round the corner but it was not the best area at night. The shower only had cold water and a trickle at that. Very below average would not stay here again. I rated it as okay as I wouldnt describe as terrible but it definitely is not as it advertises.	
Mar 6 2006	Very good relation of quality-service-price!	The Mayflower hotel is a great option when travelling to London. Friendly staff, good service, my room was clean and correct sized, clean towels each day, self heating in the room, big windows with very good light, good continental breakfast, one minute walk from the Ear’s Court station, very nice neighbourhood. And which is most important talking about London, it has a very good relation of quality-service-price.	
Jan 24 2006	What a surprise	After having read previous reviews which weren't very complimentary my friend and I were a little bit worried, this soon faded on entering the hotel, lovely reception area, friendly staff. Our room was rather small but adequate, clean towels were provided each day. Continental breakfast was delicious, selection of cereals, fresh fruit etc. We would definitely stay there again, if you want luxurious spacious rooms then maybe this isn't the hotel for you, but how long do you spend in them, not long if you want to see the sights of London. We were more than satisfied and can't understand the bad reviews from previous guests.	
Jan 21 2006	A Good Choice in Earl's Court	The Mayflower is a terrific value in a city of expensive hotels. My room was clean and pleasant, the service was excellent, and the staff were friendly and helpful. The continental breakfast was also fine -- I don't know why people are complaining about this: with cereals, fruit, juices, yogurt, cheese, coffee and tea provided, what else do you need? The hotel has a nice visual style to it, which makes it more than just another Earl's Court rooming house. The proximity to the Underground station means you can get to Central London in about 20 minutes. (One thing: the rooms in the back actually overlook the station, so you hear the trains pulling in and out. I came to find the sound soothing, but I can see how it might bother some people.) If you're traveling on a budget but want a pleasant hotel, I would definitely recommend The Mayflower.	
Jan 18 2006	LOVED MY STAY!	Mayflower Hotel has clean, smart and well appointed rooms. Breakfast is wonderful, staff go out of their way to be very helpful. Thanks for such a great and friendly service!	
Dec 17 2005	Cramped and poor value	There is a superficial appearance of luxury but it ended in reception.I booked one of their “executive” rooms and was informed by the receptionist that it was one of their finest. The room itself was tiny with poor lighting and there was literally no space to put a suitcase. The wardrobe had a bulb missing from an integral lighting unit leaving exposed connections and indeed in the hallway there were electrical wires hanging from the ceiling. The bathroom, whilst pleasantly fitted, was also tiny with poor lighting and a loo roll holder which was loosely fitted to the wall and so badly positioned as to obstruct access to the loo. The shower was extremely poor and if turned from a fine spray simply dribbled out in a stream. No tissues were provided and the three small containers of bathroom products were not replenished for our second night. There were no towel rails – hardly surprising I suppose given the size of the room.The walls between the rooms were paper thin resulting in us hearing details of the conversation in the adjacent room (which had obviously been subdivided from the room we had). Breakfast turned out to be an extremely poor “Continental” breakfast which included orange juice which tasted watered down and tea and coffee from flasks. On the second morning the milk provided was sour. The service is “self service” to the point where there is no service at all, as even the cutlery had to be collected with the food. Finally, the hotel advertised itself as having Egyptian cotton sheets and Merino wool blankets. Neither was true – indeed the blankets were made of nylon!!We did not complain at the time as it was apparent that such a complaint would not have been well received and as the hotel was full there would have been no opportunity of changing rooms even supposing some rooms are better. I have stayed at many London hotels which had larger rooms than this at similar prices.Overall this was a highly disappointing experience and despite the convenient location I would not stay again	
Dec 16 2005	A good stay	I had stayed in this hotel back in 2002 when the hotel was been renovated, i was living in London at the time but my flat had some problems. Anyway, our room was amazing, i cant remember on which floor we were though. Needless to say that upon reading the reviews i was quite scared to go back. So i made a call to the hotel. I needed 4 rooms and i told them to check this website....upon arrival, the hotel had a fresh look. It was great. The girl in the reception was nice and polite. She gave us the 4 rooms which i went to check first. They were indeed quite small but decorated with taste. Having lived in London for 4 years and having studying hotel management etc i know that this hotel is above average, in terms of price especially. I did hear a lot of complain for people arriving at the hotel and waiting for their room..But it all turned out for the best, the manager though needs to be more friendly and more polite, as well as the other older man working there.It is very clean as well which is a MUST, especially in London...p.s the girl told me the manager had checked this website there were no comments from him of course...	
Dec 10 2005 	one of the cleanest hotels i have ever been.	the mayflower hotel have a very pretty Reception comparing to others.The staff was very kind and helfull. the room that I stayed-in was very clean and pretty but the size of the room wasn't very big, but i would definitely recomande the hotel.	
Dec 8 2005	Never again	It was not good from the get go. The room was tiny and noticed that instead of an actual double bed, it was just two singles put together. The room had not even been decorated properly because i could still see the seal used on the floor edges. One member of staff lost our key. After reassuring her we didnt still have it, she would'nt admit responsibilty and blamed us. DO NOT waste your money and time!	
Nov 28 2005	Adequate	My 11yr old son and I were booked into Twenty Nevern Sq (sister hotel) but on arrival, were directed to the Mayflower due to 'refurbishment&quot;. It was with some intrepidation we entered, as I was already aware of the unfavourable reviews on here. However, I have to say the room was small but clean and well stocked with toiletries, towels etc. The 2 double beds were like iron and I was disappointed not to have a bath to soak my weary bones in! Nor did I appreciate the noisy neighbour with booming voice at 6am! Otherwise it was average for the money- £89 on laterooms	
Nov 14 2005	Horrible	Tiny, dirty rooms. Noisy street, noisy tube line in rear. Rude staff. It would be cleaner and quieter to sleep on a bench in Hyde Park.	
Oct 20 2005	What a disappointment	Unfortunately England never fails to disappoint and boy were we disappointed with The Mayflower Hotel. We are 4 seasoned lady travellers who take our leisure time very seriously - we pride ourselves on researching our destinations and our places to stay and between us we have been extremely fortunate to have experienced most types of accommodation, from huts on the beach through to 7 star establishments. We are well aware of trick photography and artistic licence with the written word and therefore expect smaller rooms and less sumptuous soft furnishings than advertised - but The Mayflower Hotel really did mis-sell itself this last weekend. We were advised to take an Apartment - this being considered most suited to our needs - so we did. We read Johanssens and other reviews (unfortunately not Trip Advisor)and were looking forward to a new hotel and a new area of London. The Apartment was not connected to the hotel either structurally or by telephone line, it was located in a separate building, 5 minutes walk away - a building that was old, tatty and housing private apartments. The staircases were filthy dirty, stank of urine and littered with childrens toys. The Apartment in no way whatsoever resembled the advertising for The Mayflower Hotel - it was old fashioned, very dirty and a complete shock after having entered the reception of the hotel.Maybe the hotel is not misselling, but actually employing a very clever marketing campaign - our cries of horror were immediately placated by offering us 2 family rooms in the main hotel. Our initial reaction was &quot;wonderful, exactly what we ordered&quot; but unfortunately after a few hours we became aware that the rooms were noisy, grubby (poorly laundered linen) very badly ventilated (1 window that would not stay open) and very, very small to house a family of 4. The lighting was inadequate for anyone wishing to apply make up and the toilet in one of our rooms so small that a large bottom would easily get stuck! Had we entered these rooms first, again we would have complained, but compared to the Apartment, they were wonderful. So, are the hotel aware of this - do they offer you a poor room first, so the replacement always looks better? We heard 3 other sets of guests complain also about their rooms and again, they were immediately placated with replacements - how does a small hotel find so many alternatives?The main hotel and the staff were nice and the breakfast a pleasant surprise (fresh fruit, cheese, salads, etc - although they did run out of bread!)but they should not continue to offer such utterly shoddy accommodation to paying guests who are clearly expecting something very, very different	
Oct 17 2005	Everyone beware!	We returned from our short sojourn at the Mayflower in a state of shock! Foreign visitors take note. We are four ladies who had reserved a luxury apartment for two nights after reading an excellent review in Conde Naste &quot;Traveller&quot; magazine. To say it was disgusting is an understatement, and we believe that the &quot;flats&quot; would be closed by the Environmental Health Agency were they aware how shockingly filthy they were. The flats in question were not next door to the Mayflower Hotel, as some would appear to be, but a good five minute walk away past Earls Court Tube station. The entrance, and four flights of unlit stairs, stunk of stale urine. There were filthy food stained carpets full of cigarette burns in the actual flat. The beds had covers that were fit only for decorators dustsheets. The beds were not full length and resembled &quot;camp beds&quot;. There was no phone, no towels - we didn't hang around longer than a few minutes as the stench was overwhelming. Subsequent to our threatening them with the Public Health Officer we were placed in two &quot;family rooms&quot; (why are there always spare rooms when purportedly, intially, they are full?). These were very noisy, (underground announcers who love the sound of their own voice) cramped and generally not what one would expect in Johannsens guide and recommended by Conde Naste - just Cheap and Nasty would be better. For foreign visitors who may arrive after a long flight the above scenario would be a nightmare. Take some advice from us, unless you have a particular fondness for pungent toilet smells and filth, stay elsewhere.	
Aug 12 2005	Nightmare at the Mayflower Avoid At All Cost	The lobby of the hotel seems clean and modern, but don't be fooled. I booked a room at the Mayflower, in Earls Court, three months in advance. The rooms at the front of the hotel face a busy street that is noisy all night from various clubs and bars. The rooms at the rear are adjacent to the tube line, so a train rattles past every fifteen minutes while you &quot;try&quot; to sleep. The staff is very rude and not the least bit helpful. When I asked the front desk clerk to call me a taxi, she called an unlicensed and illegal cab that charged me 10 GBP ($19) to travel less than a mile. Sheets and towels were not changed for 3 days. The breakfast consited of stale corn flakes and warm milk. Save yourself the misery and stay somewhere else	
Aug 9 2005	Terrible disappointment	Staying this hotel after it was recommended in the famous &quot;Time Out&quot; guide was an awful experience. I am shocked it was listed in that book, and makes me question all their recommendations. Let's start with the noise. then the tiny bathroom and no air conditioning. The fan sounded las loud as a car engine. On the plus side, breakfast was decent. The staff tried hard and were very friendly. But they did not know the neighborhood, had never eaten at the local restaurant on the corner, etc.. The hotel was made up of rooms created by carving up a larger set of rooms. They definately cut them way too small. No amount of design in the small lobby can make the rooms bigger or nicer. And the noise from the street went on 24 hrs a day. A terrible choice in the summer or if you are entering London with jet-lag. I would never stay at this hotel again, and I would never stay in the Earls Court section of London again. A very depressed economic neighborhood with a high density immigrant population. Not my cup of tea for a vacation.	
Aug 3 2005	Oh my!	I reserved this hotel through a reputable website after many sleepless nights reviewing London hotels. As we had visited London previously, we knew their rooms had alot to be desired (unless you wanted to pay $400-500./nt), so after reading what I thought were pretty decent reviews, I booked it. The room (their so-called triple) was to be for 2 adults and a child and for 4-nights. We were told by the Mayflower and the website that the hotel had recently gone through a refurbishment, ie: wood floors, wood blinds, marble bathroom, flat screen cable TV, etc... it was even mentioned in Conde Naste latest international directory. Any normal person would think... Great! Needless to say, what I was told, was not what I received. Upon check-in we were greeted with - &quot;We have upgraded you to a suite.&quot; Wow, we thought... but after seeing their idea of a suite, we clearly were on the wrong page. My 12-yr old was appalled and made my first day in London absolutely awful by complaining constantly. The suite was on of their apartments next door. Clearly just a flat. The woodwork was filthy, the curtains wrinkled, a dinky 13&quot; TV, and a shower that didn't work, unless you sat in the tub holding the handle. My son slept, not in a twin bed, but in an end table in which the top flipped up and the bed rolled out. YUK!! I woke up the next morning at 4:00am and went outside and rang the doorbell to reception to vent - and got absolutely nowhere. Since this was during Live 8, our choice was to tough it out or pay oodles - we decided to tough it out, since we were not staying long (thank G-d!!) I did though email the website from the hotel lobby complaining and they did say they would look into it, and they have. The pisser is that the Mayflower said that they offered me a room in the hotel and that I chose the apartment. We just received our photos of this room and am now sending them to the websites London office to use as fuel.Thank goodness this was our last trip to London.	
Jul 13 2005	Lovely hotel	My husband and I really didn't know what to expect when we arrived at the Mayflower Hotel in London after reading the widely contrasting reviews on TripAdvisor. Since we were a bit paranoid, we asked to see our room BEFORE we paid (the woman at the desk was quite happy to show it to us). It was very nicely decorated and spotlessly clean. Yes, the hotel backs onto the Earl's Court Tube Station. But the Tube doesn't run in the middle of the night. The only noise that bothered us came from inconsiderate guests who thought it was okay to stand outside our room and chat at 11:30 pm. Yes, the rooms are not exactly spacious by North-American-Chain-Hotel standards, but if you're travelling light, there's more than enough room for a couple of small suitcases and the other assorted stuff you accumulate when you're travelling. Plus, how much time are you planning to spend in your hotel room? It's really only a place to sleep. The bathroom was on the small side, but the shower had excellent water pressure, with soap and shampoo provided.Breakfast was wonderful. After a week of greasy, luke-warm Scottish Breakfasts in Edinburgh, we were so happy to find fresh fruit, cereal, yogurt, fresh rolls, cheese and vegetables in the beautifully-decorated Breakfast Room. The desk staff were very pleasant and helpful, every time we went to ask them something. If I am ever in London again, I will stay at the Mayflower, and would not hesitate to recommend it.	
Jun 7 2005	Mixed Feelings	My wife and i stayed at the Mayflower for 8 nights and all in all it was okay. The apartment that we rented was good value for money and had been newly renovated. For the amount that we saved in dining out it was well worth it. The bathroom was clean and had all new fixtures, yet small. Strangely though, the shower had no shower curtain hence, water onto to the bathroom floor. I asked the staff about a curtain and they replied nicely that it was how the shower was meant to be????? The appliances in the kitchen was new and very modern. The bedroom was extremely small but again it is London! One big complaint that we had though was the quality of mattress they gave to us which was actually two single matresses pushed together making one queen size bed. One of the mattrasses was very worn and lower then the other. Despite this, the apartment is very neatly decorated and we enjoyed ourselves. Anyway who spends all of their time in an apartment whilst in London????????Make sure to check out the chinese restaurant on Earl's Court road called the &quot;Red Dragon&quot;. It is two minutes from the hotel. They served the best chinese i have ever tasted.	
Jun 6 2005	Great location - TINY room!	I agree with much that has been written already. In its favour the hotel is really close to Earl's Court tube and the reception areas are stylish, BUT - the room was incredibly small. We booked a triple - a double and a single bed for a child. By the time the three of us were in the room with our bags you literally struggled to get around. The beds turned out to be two three-quarter beds - so I had to sleep with our son as there was not enough room for two adults in one bed. I went immediately to reception and asked to be moved but was told the hotel was full - we'd been asked to pay on arrival and so I didn't even have the option of moving to another hotel! The noise of the tube is a problem in rooms at the rear of the hotel and as the air conditioning consists of overhead fans, if it's a warm night, as it was for us, the option is to be cool and lie awake because of the fan noise, or try to sleep in the heat - windows had such a limited opening as to allow little air in. Personally I will not stay at the Mayflower again. Pictures bore little resemblance to the room we were given, but ultimately it was the size of the room that was the main gripe. It's very difficult to get across in a review how difficult it made our stay. Thank goodness we were only there one night! Claustrophobics beware!	
Jun 5 2005	clean but tiny room	The location was very close to the tube station, in fact so close that our room on the ground floor was illuminated by the light from the top of the tube shed. The room was stuffy and warm, and the bathroom tiny. The toilet was wedged in a corner between the shower and the sink. Not the place to stay if you are claustrophobic or larger sized. The two double beds (we stayed in a triple) were pushed up against the walls, so you could only get out on one side. The staff was minimally helpful, in fact it became a joke with our family for me to say &quot;I'll ask at the desk&quot; and then not be able to get an answer, or understand the answer given. Breakfast was okay, but by 8:00 am mostly gone. But they would gladly offer you some toast if everything else was depleted.	
May 30 2005	Such a gorgeous hotel!	I stayed at the Mayflower from the 20th to the 25th April and it was really gorgeous! I can't understand how can people write such crap reviews about it: I had a twin room, which was not so small, nice decoration, every comfort. The bathroom was the most impressive part of the room: it was rather big, with a walk-in shower, completely renovated. This hotel really looked like being of a higher star rate than it has been given. The breakfast room was stylish and cosy, too, and breakfast had a good choice, it was really not necessary to ask for a cooked meal. I would recommend this charming boutique hotel to everybody going to London!	
May 28 2005	Good (not great) Hotel	Let me begin by saying that I am rather easy to please. With that said, I can fully understand both the negative and positive reviews on here. It's all a matter of perception and what we come to expect from a hotel upon check in. The rooms were small, although that is something I've come to expect when traveling in Europe. Other than a coffee stained bed spread the room was very clean and comfortable. I didn't complain about the bed spread because most hotels generally don't wash them very often. It's gross, but unfortunately true. Simply in most cases you are unaware of it. My advice is to remove them whenever you stay in a hotel. The staff was friendly and helpful. The continental breakfast was a delicious way to start the day. The location (right next to the Earls Court Tube Station) was great. Basically, this is a hotel for anyone who plans to spend a lot of time outside of the hotel. As a vacationer it met my needs, but did not exceed them. I would definately return for another stay.	
May 16 2005	Neat but cramped room	Together with my wife and daugther we stayed at the hotel. Our room had two small double beds and little room left to move about. The bathroom was good, except for the lack of hooks/railings for the towels.I expect the rooms at the back to become very hot in summer. There is only a fan on the ceiling to move the air about.Breakfast was continental style (rolls, croissants, coffee, tea, juice, milk, cereals, butter, jam, cheese, etc.) and served in a modern style lounge in the basement. For us it was fine.The staff was friendly and acted adequately when required.If the room had been a little bit larger it would have received a higher rating.	
Apr 30 2005	Was scared after reading reviews but apartment was GREAT!	After reading reviews here I was really nervous about our stay at the Mayflower Apartments. All I can figure is that many of the people offering reviews either visited before the apartments were renovated, or visited during a busy season and ended up in a less desirable apartment.Like you'll read on the Mayflower's website, the apartments are undergoing renovation. Our apartment (a 2 bedroom on the ground floor) looked just like the pictures on the website. The doors were the sliding wood doors with the sqaure windows, the bathroom fixtures were modern and clean. The kitchen had a small refrigerator, oven/range, washer/dryer combo, toaster, coffee maker, utensils and dishes, cups, cooking pans -- all that our group of 5 needed. The apartment we were in had 11 foot ceilings, and a bay window in one bedroom. The apartment was clean, especially the bathrooms.The apartment building is actually about 2 doors down from the front office. You have to have a key (the staff provided our group with 2), or have to be buzzed in from your room to enter the building.There was an issue with one toilet in one bathroom -- it had to be pumped to flush. But this must be a pretty common problem in the UK, because we've seen similar problems in other hotels all over the country. I did read one review that described the couches as too dirty to sit on. I have to admit -- the brown fabric on them really does look scary. But after some inspection, we discovered that the fabric just has some sort of nap that makes it look grungy. The room came with extra bedding, and you could cover them if you are nervous. We slept 5 comfortably in the 2 bedroom apartment (which had 2 folding cots --with real mattresses), 2 per bedroom and one on a cot in the living room. We would have had to move some furniture to get both cots in the living room. One bedroom has a queen bed, and the other room has two twin beds. Mattresses and pillows were below average.The location of this hotel could not be better. It's about 1/2 a block from the Earl's Court tube station. Earls' Court Road has lots of little shops and restaurants, including some little grocery stores where we bought food, paper towels, dish soap, and laundry soap. It's about a 20 minute walk to the High Street Kensington that has tons and tons of fun shops. The hotel and apartment are on a quiet street considering how busy Earl's Court road is, and the nearby park is a good place to get away from the city.The hotel does not have wireless internet access. Uur cell phone plan gets free data (regardless of area), and we were able to get a strong enough signal to use it to access the internet. There are nearby internet cafe's but we didn't use them.The daytime hotel staff were helpful and competent, but the red-eye desk gal should have been working at McDonald's down the street.Our group was not seeking luxury accomodations, as some are that stay in the hotel. The apartment was much better than we expected, especially given the reviews here. The apartment was not luxurious, but it was a darn sight better than tourist class and budget class accomodations. I'd class it as a moderate rating.I am planning to bring my children to London in the future, and we plan to stay at the Mayflower again because of the location and convenience of the apartment and living room for a group. We saved a ton of money on the ridiculously high London dining prices by staying in the apartment and eating in for breakfast and dinner. Staying in an apartment was cheaper for us than staying in a tourist class hotel. I'd recommend this apartment very highly, especially for the budget concious traveller who doesn't want to stay at the bottom of the barrel. We felt the Mayflower was an excellent value ($$-wise and location-wise) for our group.	
Apr 26 2005	Expensive...but poor!	My wife and I stayed here on 23rd April and although the room was nice it was very small and cramped. A single room really with a double bed in it. We were wakened around 5am with a banging thumping noise coming from somewhere in the walls or attic, I think it was a water tank or boiler or something like that, and it lasted for about 30seconds. Then it did this every 20mins or so until about 7.15am.We went down for breakfast at 9.10am (served between 8-10) and were amazed that if you wanted a cooked breakfast you had to pay extra. All that was available was juice,cereal and cheese and tomatoes. There wasn't any croissants left either. And the room was £89 and said inc. breakfast.We made our views known to the management on check-out but were treated to a &quot;better luck next time&quot; answer to which I replied &quot; No there will not be a next time, not at this hotel anyway&quot;.Not Recommended. Mr Gerry Swan, Jersey, Channel Islands.	
Apr 25 2005	Bait and Switch	How can one hotel have such a mix of reviews? Mystery solved - this hotel does a major bait and switch - the photos of rooms on the website are not at all representative of those which we were given. The twin room we were given was in a totally different world from anything on the website. It was so small that we literally took the bedspreads to the front desk since there was not place to put them in the room and have any space left to walk. The beds were so close together that we could not walk between them. Parakeets in the lounge chattered so loudly that we could hear them through two sets of doors. The good news is the location - one short block from the Earls Court underground. The bad news is that the underground trains run directly behind the hotel. It would have been helpful to run the fan in our room to drown out the noises, but the fan switch was broken. Although a new switch was installed, it resulted in running the fan at only one speed and that was such high speed that I feared the fan would come loose from the ceiling. After two nights in this room, I was shown a larger room which I was told was like the one for which we could pay an extra 20 pounds a night. The room was quite lovely and spacious. The one we actually got (only after paying the extra charge in advance) was smaller than the one I had been show. At least it was further away from the parakeets and the trains. The handle for the bathroom door fell off the minute we touched it and the door to the room was so hard to unlock that we had to ask for help from the desk clerk to open it. Those two problems were solved the next morning, but only after being told by the manager that we were the only people who had ever complained. Perhaps trip advisor should send him copies of the other reviews. So if you do decide to take advantage of the convenient location of this hotel, please be forewarned that the website photos are of rooms that are definitely not representative of most in the hotel and definitely do not expect the twin rooms to be suitable for two adults. In fairness, I could not give a rating of terrible because the beds were excellent, the bathrooms spotless, the breakfast room accurately shown in the photos, and most of the staff (manager excepted) pleasant and eager to help.	
Apr 23 2005	Going back to the Mayflower soon	Strange how one hotel can get such varying reviews. I stayed here in January with a group of friends. We stayed in the triple and quadruple rooms, which were large (for London) and stylishly renovated, with lovely bathrooms, nice linens, and a CD player. Our room looked out over the Earls Court Tube station, which made it a little noisy during the day, but nothing unbearable. Staff was very helpful and friendly. Overall it was great value for money, and I'm planning to go back soon. I did see one double room, and it was small, but not unusually so. Sounds like the apartments are to be avoided.	
Mar 13 2005	Mayflower is cramped and service is bad	My husband and I recently stayed at the Mayflower for two nights. We found the room to be very small and stuffy. We also noticed that instead of a marble bathroom, which the Mayflower advertises, the bathroom is tiled with ceramic tiles that have a marble appearance - not that I really care - just odd. On our first day, the breakfast room was so full when we came down at about 8.00 that we had to wait for a table, and then we waited for over 30 minutes for someone to take our order before leaving. We didn't go down to breakfast the second day.	
Mar 3 2005 	To be avoided	Like others I was offered an 'upgrade' to an apartment on my arrival as the rest of the hotel was full.The apartment was a short walk away, no problem. But as soon as I has looked around it I decided not to stay there for various reasonsIt was dirty, sahbby with thread bare capretsThe beds were very narrow, and only 8inches apart, butted up against the wall - something I can't stand, particularly in a narrow single.There was no remote for the 15 year old tellyBut the worst thing was the timer clock in the kitchen kept making a claking sound all the time.I went back to the hotel proper and complained, basicly refused tostay there, eventually they agreed to put me up in their sister hotel, which they claimed was also a AA 4 Diamond, of course when I got there it wasn't.My impression is that the mayflower is quite nice - but only if you get to stay in the main hotel, and that they overbook people into these shabby aparments at willAvoid the lottery - book somewhere else	
Feb 14 2005	Nice time at the Mayflower	We stayed at the Mayflower in June 2004 and found it to be quite charming and our room though small, was clean and overall a fun experience. The staff was a bit surly, but it is a large city and that isn't anything to be surprised about. The price is quite fair and the proximity to the Earl's Court Tube station is suberb.	
Jan 27 2005	Enjoyed Our Stay	We truly enjoyed our stay at the Mayflower Hotel. We found the staff to be very helpful and friendly. The hotel is close to the tube, restaurants, and shops. We always felt safe in the area. Our room was very clean and large with 3 beds, a nice marbled bathroom, and hardwood flooring. We would definitely stay at the Mayflower again.	
Jan 20 2005	The Best!!!	My boyfriend and I stayed in the Mayflower last November and we just loved that sweet little hotel. We stayed in room 37 which wasn't too big but spacious enough for us and our shopping... It was marvellous to lodge in such a clean, newly renovated hotel in such a perfect location.We will return this May when we will be on our HONEYMOON!	
Nov 26 2004	Nightmare	The Mayfower was terrible! We stayed in the apartments and they were discusting and dirty. The floors were dirty the sheets looked like they'd never been cleaned and the bathrooms werre so small you couldn't even turn around in them. On top of that, shower did not work properly and no one came to fix it. The sevice was less than pathetic. I would prefer to sleep at the worst Motel 6 in New Jersey, it would seem like the Ritz, before I return to the Mayflower. AVOID IT at all costs!!!!	
Oct 23 2004	best hotel in london that ive stayed at	this hotel was very nice, and very close to the earls court tube station, right around the corner. yes you can hear the trains but i didnt care about that and it didnt bother me. the room was very very nice, had a full size bed, wood floors and a very nice design inside of the room. had a good fan above the bed and a heater in the room. i like the one touch controls that you were able to operate from the bed. the pillows and bed was super nice as well. i had to admit i got scared when i went into the elevator that can only hold one person and the hallways inside the hotel was very small i thought to myself damn this is gonna suck but when i opened my door to my room i was in 24 by the way i went back downstairs and told the staff i was very happy. ive stayed in hotels in london that cost 200 bucks a night, like the gloucester and bailys and this hotel topped them. only thing the hotel lacked was a mini bar where i could store cold drinks and no ice machine in the hotel like you find in bigger chains or american hotels. but over all this hotel simply rocked and i will stay here again and at 52 pounds a night you cant beat it	
Sep 28 2004	Newly Renovated	My family and I stayed at two different hotels during our trip to London in August and booked through the internet. The first hotel was clean, but sorely in need of a makeover. Then, we stayed at the Mayflower. All's I can say is Wow! Both hotels were equal in price and location (Earls Court), but what a difference! You can take the Tube on one line from Heathrow Airport and not switch lines which was a plus. Once off the Tube, the Mayflower is a short two minute walk literally! We exited the Tube, took a left and the first left to the street the Mayflower was on. We walked into the lobby and immediately knew we found a nice place. There was a small bar/internet area off the Lobby which was nice. My favorite was the flowing contained waterfall in the lobby. Very chic! Our room had two double beds and was tastefully decorated in a modern art deco design. My favorite part of the room was the bathroom with the natural tiled walk in shower with no door. That's how big it was! It reminded me of the outdoor showers you find in the Caribbean only indoors. The tile was gorgeous! The bathroom amenities were all modern and CLEAN!! Breakfast was included in the price and served in a nice room in the basement of the hotel. I was very impressed with this place and the area (Earls Court). Earls Court in general has many quaint restaurants to the right of the Tube. Actually, the area reminds me of Greenwich Village in NYC. If you walk to the right of the Tube station, you see the area is being developed into a really nice upscale area. I would definitely recommend this hotel and area. It's quick to get to the center of town by Tube, and nice to be outside of the hustle and bustle of the city. It's like it's own little &quot;village&quot; inside the city. Highly recommend the Mayflower for the price!!	
Aug 30 2004	Wonderful Experience at the Mayflower	My husband and I stayed at the Mayflower Hotel in October 2003. Our room was large (by London standards), very clean, with hardwood floors and a modern bathroom w/marble flooring and a large shower. The Mayflower Hotel was also reasonably priced, compared to other hotels, and it has a great location (short walk to the Earl's Court Station and an Internet Cafe). We did not experience any of the noise from the Tube station as described in other reviews. We did, however, have a bit of street noise, which is to be expected in a large city. The continental breakfast was nice, but the service was a bit slow. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone who may be visiting London in the future. I know we will be staying there again on our next visit to London.	
Aug 16 2004	Postage Stamp rooms; great service	They tried to put us in the basement, but were kind enough to move us when requested (basement rooms are too warm). Rooms the size of postage stamps- my husband and I (slim people) could not manoeveur around the room without climbing on the bed. However, room was very clean- squeaky clean- and location was terrific- although Earl's Court Station is QUITE loud Monday through Friday. Weekend it is not bad at all. The staff were really terrific- helpful and friendly. When we left, the lady at the front desk gave us her card and told us she'd take care of us &quot;next time.&quot; We'll probably take her up on it.	
Aug 15 2004	Seriously lacking service!	I recently stayed at this hotel and have to rate it the worst for service I've ever received in London. I booked two seperate stays, the first for 2 nights and the second for 4 nights. While at first glance the hotel has the &quot;wow&quot; factor, and the price is reasonable, this is completely offset by the surly and rude mannered staff. The few requests I made were met with indifference and always &quot;No&quot;. No late check out available, No fan available for the room, No early breakfast allowed (15mins before normal start time..).. I give up, if you want service stay some where else.. there are a lot of decent hotels in the area.	
Jul 12 2004	Fine for London	A great experience for our first time in London (but not UK). Rooms are small but clean; but then for the rates you pay in London, I guess its acceptable. Breakfast is also acceptable but the limitation in space and staff resulted in slow service.If you're a light sleeper, I guess you won't be able to go to bed before midnight due to the trains running on the rear of the building.Despite the above, recommended if you're on a tight budget but who isn't if you're in London...	
Jun 15 2004	beware of the apartments	We stayed at the Mayflower hotel for one night in June 2004. We were directed there by the sister hotel (Twenty Nevern Square), which was full that night. We had been promised an &quot;upgrade&quot; to an apartment to make up for the inconvenience, but this turned out to be a downgrade with a capital D. The apartments don't look like anything you see on the hotel's website and our apartment didn't even have a phone, nor a hairdryer, nor two towels per person. A sofa was of dubious cleanliness (I wouldn't have touched it), and all the rooms had elements that were clearly new (the doors) or clearly very worn (the carpets, the curtains, the sofa, the chairs). We did not enjoy our stay at all and were glad it was only for a night. I guess the rooms at the hotel are of much better quality. 	
Jun 14 2004	Enjoyed our stay	The hotel is very centrally located in a nice area just a short walk from Earls Court Tube station which is on the Picadilly line. The hotel is bright and appears to be newly decorated in a contemporary style. The staff are friendly. The rooms are small but adequate if you don't plan on spending alot of time in the room. They are very clean and the bathrooms are very nice. The continental breakfast is good but the service is not great, during our three night stay the tables were never set for us for breakfast and we felt like we were always following the waitress around asking for something that we needed. Overall a very pleasant stay and I would most definitely recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jun 8 2004	Loved our stay!	Last week my brother and I stayed at the Mayflower Hotel in London. The hotel was surprisingly good! Last year we had a complete different expierence visiting an other London hotel.Yes, the Mayflower rooms are quit smal, and you can hear the undergroud, because Earl's Court Station is situated right behind the hotel (which to me is great, you don't have to walk very far carrying your bags and suitcase). But what do you expect? You're staying in a metropole, not in a little village. The service was very good, the rooms were clean, service was excellent. Everything in the hotel (not in the appartment at Warwick Road) was renovated. The continental breakfast was good. I will certainly recommend this hotel to friends who want to visit London!	
Apr 21 2004	good price for London hotel but.....	London is an expensive town to stay in...so I was thrilled when I stumbled across the Mayflower Hotel on the internet. The web site looked great, the photos showed a selection of tastefully decorated, modern rooms, and the rates were perfect. Well as they say, buyer beware. The public rooms at the hotel were fine. And my mom and dad ended up scoring a large, spacious room at the back of the building. But my fiance and I..we weren't so lucky. Our first room was a walk-in closet w/ bathroom. There was hardly enough room for our two suitcases. I've traveled a lot overseas and I know that room sizes are not the same as they are in the states...but this was microscopic. We requested a change of rooms and they offered us an apartment about a block or so down the road. The apartment was not impressive (but it was spacious). Then they offered us another room back at the hotel. We decided to take it although it was not much bigger than our original room and it had zero air circulation. Bottom line, if you do book at the Mayflower and you are travling with more than one person, be sure to specify that you want a large room with a large bed.	
Apr 19 2004	A Great Experience	Our family (2 adults and a 2 year old) stayed in one of Mayflower's 2 bedroom apartments in the townhouse next to the hotel for 3 days. We had a very positive experience. Although I reserved a 1 bedroom apartment, we were given a 2 bedroom, 2 bath at no extra charge. It had been recently renovated with a full kitchen and washer/dryer. The hotel and apartments are located in Earl's Court which is not the most beautiful section of London, but well located, on a quiet street, 3 minute walk to the underground station and a 5 minute walk to the Super Tesco (a large grocery store) which is open 24 hours. Absolutely perfect for a family exploring London. We didn't need much from the staff, but they were personable and attentive when we needed them.	
Apr 10 2004	Excellent Value	Ended up staying here by default as their sister hotel, the New Linden was overbooked. Was a little annoyed at first as we arrived at 10pm to be told we were being transferred and knew nothing about the Mayflower. However, we were very pleasantly surprised, very clean, wooden floors, lovely shower/wc, , nice staff. Just round the corner from Earls Court tube station - slight drawback as we had a room at the back and you can hear the trains quite clearly but not a big problem. Small room but I think this is par for the course for London hotels in this price range and breakfast wasn't luxurious but perfectly adequate. Would definitely stay here again.	
Feb 12 2004	Be warned!		
Jan 30 2004	Awesome Hotel		
Jan 9 2004	Dissapointed		
Dec 19 2003	very small single room		
Oct 22 2003	Super clean just make sure where your room is situated....		
Aug 5 2003	Great Place Great Value		
Jul 21 2003	Modern but Noisey		
Oct 29 2002	Helpful		
Jun 23 2002	Very attractive remodeling . . .		
May 17 2002	Nice Place to Stay		
Oct 27 2009 	größte Frechheit-Preis/Leistung		
Sep 22 2009 	El peor hotel de Londres. Pesimo		
Sep 1 2009 	Un descubrimiento		
Jul 25 2009 	Bello l'appartamento 24 F e tutto l'hotel		
Jul 21 2009 	Zimmer einfach zu klein		
Jul 19 2009 	Klein ist gar kein Ausdruck		
Jul 12 2009 	Bastante bien		
Jun 6 2009 	Hände weg		
May 29 2009	hotel mayflower london(sandra)(españa)		
Jan 22 2009 	super für Städtereisen		
Jan 3 2009 	appartement décevant		
Nov 29 2008 	mediocre ma a due passi dalla metropolitana		
Aug 14 2008 	??????????		
Jun 30 2008 	Da ritornarci...senza dubbi		
Apr 16 2008 	Gutes Mittelklassehotel		
Apr 10 2008 	Excelente relación calidad-precio		
Oct 13 2007	Che camera.......		
