Nov 17 2009 	Great Value for Money BUT...	I have stayed in Crown Plaza for a week in November, Location is perfect (100 meters from bus station, 2 minutes to Liverpool Station’s Underground by bus and 10 minutes walk), Hotel’s rooms was large Equipped as a 5* hotel. Breakfast area was also my favorite, good quality breakfast, average variety. Staff was friendly and helpful but I have better experiences. The only negative was that we had paid an average of 100€ per night per room including breakfast (we had a 6night long stay) and when we ask for an extra night they charge us for 170pounds that’s almost double of our price.Anyway I will recommend that hotel to all type of visitors, business, leisure etc and I will definitely come again. RegardsStefanos	
Nov 15 2009 	Good for meetings in the city	This is an average business hotel, though it's quite new and the rooms are nicely decorated, it is quite uninspiring. It delivers what it promises, if a little overpriced. The service was a little stretched - they seemed a bit understaffed but the staff were coping relatively well and were very courteous. I would stay again at a push for a maximum of one or two nights.	
Nov 10 2009 	Excellent hotel !	We were four couples staying in London for a weekend for pleasure, and we all agreed that this hotel was absolutely great, we loved it. Very nice room, quiet, very comfortable bed, nice bar, the breakfast and breakfast room on 7th floor was delightful. The value for money could not be better.	
Nov 9 2009 	Lovely Hotel	I stayed here for one night with my boyfriend. we stayed in a club room on the 4th floor which was lovely. We were given free water,fruit and chocs which i thought was a nice touch. We also had breakfast at the hotel which was very nice - the resturant was lovely with great views of the city! We went to see ''the ratpack'' and then went out afterwards to a club in covent garden. A black cab to covent garden was about £13 which i thought was very good!Overall a wonderfull stay and i would love to go again!	
Nov 8 2009 	Decent hotel but miserable staff members	I came here last year, and basically had to stay for a whole week while my boyfriend went to work. It was a pretty nice hotel (for London), but it was 4 stars, so that was expected. The size of the rooms are pretty small, but then again, it's London. It was a decent size unless there are more than 2 people in the room. The only gripes I have about this hotel is:1) The hotel staff seem miserable. It's like you killed their cat whenever you ask them a question. I loathed asking him anything, and I didn't unless I really really needed it. They were all foreigners who spoke English decently, but didn't seem 100% fluent. One lady with dark hair seemed to be very annoyed at us for our entire stay there. I'm not sure why, but whenever I needed something, I would try to wait for her shift to end so I can ask someone else. But if you're going to pay this much money for a hotel stay, why do I, as a customer have to walk on eggshells for your staff? That's pretty ridiculous. Get a better staff. Some of the staff members(mostly the men), were a LOT nicer. When I used their laptop (they only have 1 or 2, so you have to wait for ages until someone is done, which is also pretty insane for a 4* hotel), the gentleman was very nice to me, and set everything up and apologized profusely for the wait. 2) Something is weird with the cleaning staff because they continuously charged us for things missing in the mini-fridge/bar. Even though we've never touched anything in that fridge--plus there's a Tesco across the street, why would I ever need to take a Coke?! There's no logical sense to the charges they showed us when we checked out. Naturally, we argued about it for some time, and the guy promised to take it off our credit cards.The pluses to this hotel is that it's in shoreditch, and since we're not stuffy business people (ironic, since this is in fact a business hotel), we liked all the bars, and the farm that's 20 minutes walk away. All the young, hipstery stuff is in this area or walking distance. So that was fun. But seriously, a 4* hotel is rated so because of their service, and the service here was not great.P.S.-- don't bother bringing your laptop, the internet charges here are insane! They are an hourly rate and is completely not worth it.	
Oct 19 2009 	Ruined stay	I stayed at the Crown Plaza Shoreditch recently. I booked the room at a rate of £115 inclusive of VAT. When checking out I was issued with a receipt confirming the rate of £115. When I checked my bank account this morning I have discovered Crowne Plaza have attempted to take £180 instead of £115.Contacted Crowne Plaza direct and was unable to speak to Sales Manager (on leave to 04/11/2009). I explained my predicament to a member of staff who was unable to help me - apparently &quot; the computer system is down &quot;. So I have escalated my complaint to Crowne Plaza headquarters.Based on this experience I will not recommend this hotel.	
Oct 12 2009 	Not bad but could be better.	We stayed here overnight. The hotel is nice and new, rooms are lovely. Even the ones overlooking the busy road at the front of the hotel are quiet for sleeping. My only real problem with this hotel is the staff. The man who checked us in failed to pass over an important letter despite it being written in big letters on the front of our room key sleeve, I had to go back to reception and query it. There is no residents bar, we would have preferred to have had another couple of quiet drinks there instead of having to wander the streets of London. We awoke the next morning at 8.15am to find a maid standing in our room. I mean this is a brand new modern hotel, surely they must know who has or hasn't checked out at that time of the morning. It was fine for the night and it's in a good location, walking distance of the Tower of London, etc but I will be trying somewhere else next time.	
Sep 27 2009 	My favourite business hotel in London	For the past 6 months I have been doing 50+ nights in London due to work.Crowne Plaza Shoreditch have turned out to be my favourite hotel that (usually) never disappoints and as such I have stayed there 25+ nights in the last half year.+ (positive):Nice roomsClean and spaciousBathtubs in all roomsGood breakfast spreadExcellent room from breakfast/dinner restaurantTreadmill in the Gym Facilities (free of charge)- (negative):Breakfast way to expensive (15 pounds +)Only treadmills + 1 rowing machine in the gym (no bike or workout machines)Internet access not included (very expensive per day rate!)	
Sep 18 2009 	Perfect business hotel	Whilst working in the City for 4 days, I stayed at the Crowne Plaza with colleagues. From the first moment of being greeted by friendly staff, I was sure that this would be a great stay. The hotel is well placed for mainline trains, cabs and buses.Rooms are neither large nor small - but they are well designed and very quiet. Everything worked and it was the small things that counted - the free water in the room, the newspaper and free coffee in the morning in reception - I know I paid for it overall but it was there. The inclusive breakfast was superb, but dinner in the evening was expensive and menu poor - although I understand that the menu has now been changed from its nouvelle cuisine style - so cannot comment on the new facilities. It was worth eating there once, if only for the fabulous view.I did not have the energy to try the gym but did manage to get to nearby Brick Lane with its row upon row of curry houses. I've never been offered drinks and a discount to eat in a restaurant (well all of them actually) in the UK. The one we chose was excellent and full - as were all. On the way back we passed the 24 hour bagel shop!!I used Room Service which has an excellent menu at reasonable prices - from baguettes to steak - the service was prompt and as ever, the staff courteous.The only major criticism I have is the armchair in the room was perhaps 15&quot; wide - no one I know could have sat in/on it (which is probably the plan) - so I just dumped clothes or files on it.	
Sep 6 2009 	Great Hotel	I stay here for business regularly.Reception: Fast efficient and friendlyRoom: Spotless and quite big considering its proximity to central London. Free internet access in the room also.Location: It is a 25 GBP Taxi ride from London City Airport. There is a bus service that will take you to Liverpool Street Tube Station or alternatively walk the 1km Journey. This hotel is ideal for tourists as all main attractions are easily accessible.Given its price in comparison to other hotels in the area I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Sep 4 2009 	The St Gregory still shines	Although it's been a Crowne Plaza for a number of years now I still think of the hotel by its original name, it's my hotel of choice when travelling for business in the city and used to be my favourite hotel in London for leisure travel too, although now the recently refurbished Crowne Plaza Kensington has taken that honour.Location: located in Shoreditch it's a simple walk from Liverpool Street station that shouldn't take longer than 10 minutes. If you prefer there's numerous buses that you can jump on that go between Liverpool Street and Shoreditch High Street. Out of memory some of the bus routes that go past the hotel are 78, 242 and 149. I usually travel to London by train that arrives in Kings Cross, this station is just a few stops away from Liverpool Street on the Circle and Metropolitan tube lines. The hotel is ideally located for flyers from Stansted as the Stansted Express runs into Liverpool Street, it's a bit more of a hassle if you're coming from Heathrow. If you're flying into Gatwick then take the train into London Bridge rather than Victoria and then take the 149 bus to the hotel. As well as being cheaper than the Gatwick Express getting the train to London Bridge will save you time if you're staying here.Rooms: comfortable, clean and modern. I've always managed to get a good sleep when staying at this hotel. Most rooms are a fairly standard size, but they also have a number of larger rooms (I think they're the ones that end in 29) which are nice if you get an upgrade. I'm also always given a fruit bowl and very nice chocolates when I stay, I'm not sure if this is because I book a club room or because I'm a platinum member. Main benefits of a club room are better toiletries and access to the club lounge. I'm not sure if the evening turn down service applies to all rooms or just the club rooms.Restaurant: located on the 7th floor you can get a good view of the surrounding area. Breakfast is served in here and offers a reasonable English breakfast selection (although a few items such as black pudding are missing), they seem to have a policy of not putting too much food out at any one time which means you can be sure the items haven't been sitting on the hotplate for hours and will be fresh. The items used for breakfast tend to be a better quality than those used at other hotels and this is particularly notable with the sausages and hash browns.Lunch no longer seems to be available in the hotel restaurant (recession lowering demand?) but the hotel bar has a nice selection of food and can provide a very enjoyable lunch. Dinner is served in the hotel restaurant every day except Sunday and the view from the restaurant is best when the city starts to light up at night.Club lounge: once upon a time the fridges in the lounge would be unlocked 24x7 and you'd be able to enjoy free alcoholic and soft drinks any time of the day and night. However, like all good things it was abused and it wasn't unusual to see people coming in the lounge and emptying the fridges to take free drinks up to their room, therefore the fridges are now locked after 10:30pm.The lounge also offers canapes in the evening, the quality of these can vary, they tend to offer the best canapes when the lounge is popular, sometimes you'll be the only person using the lounge and then the selection they provide is more limited. There's also a continental breakfast in the lounge on weekday mornings, however, if possible go for the breakfast inclusive rate and eat in the restaurant - it's so much nicer. On a weekend there's no breakfast or canapes in the lounge so to make up for it, all club guests get a free breakfast in the restaurant regardless of rate.Gym: very basic with only a few items of equipment but is very rarely used so it's useful if you'd like to keep fit on your travels. The hotel also has a decent sauna, this is usually turned off if no one is using it, if you call reception before you go down they'll switch it on for you. If you want more (such as a swimming pool or equipment that's not provided in the hotel gym) you can make use of a nearby fitness centre which has a special rate for hotel guests.The staff are always friendly and polite and most remember me even though my travel to London for business trips has declined a lot recently. The hotel also has its own car park that seems secure, but I never drive in London so I've not had to use it.	
Sep 1 2009 	Good location friendly staff good value	We stayed here as part of a wedding group. On arrival we had a very friendly greeting from the efficient staff. We were upgraded and our room was excellent. We did have a quiet room at the back so not sure of the noise on Shoreditch High Street - very busy at night. Breakfast was excellent with OUTSTANDING staff - the training given by the exceleent restaurant manager was very evident.Having stayed at the ghastly Barbican Thistle the night before what a contrast.This hotel is now on our corporate list	
Sep 1 2009 	You won't get better value anywhere	Firstly, please ignore any reviews which refer to this hotel as the St. Gregory, that was its former name and the old reviews have no significance to today's hotel. The hotel is modern with lovely rooms and very comfortable beds. Breakfast was self service and whilst the choice on the hotplate could maybe have been a little wider, the food was good and you only had yourself to blame if you didn't get enough. The area around the hotel has several bistro style places which offer superb value for money and Brick Lane with its long row of Indian restaurants is only 5 minutes away. It's a 7 minute walk to Liverpool street station. A taxi into theatreland cost £12. A 25 minute walk takes you to the Tower of London. Buses stop right outside the hotel. If you want to be right in the West End, this hotel isn't for you, but expect to pay more to stay up West! Fantastic value for money and that's what you always have to bear in mind - A clean bill of health here and I will use this hotel again without hesitation.	
Aug 15 2009 	Good value in great location	Stayed here for 2 nights on a special internet rate. Although the area is a bit run-down the hotel is within 5 minutes walk Liverpool St. tube station. We found this very handy base for getting about London. Buffet breakfast was excellent and room was very modern.	
Aug 15 2009 	Nicely located hotel	This hotel may become my next favorite hotel in London. It's quite close to the City, not far from Liverpool St. station.The hotel is only 4 or 5 years old, and you can feel it since the rooms are modern and clean (which is not a given in most, even more expensive hotels in London).The staff was helpul and the service and the food at the restaurant was good. The free Internet service was broken and the staff suggested to use the 12GBP/24h one ! Nice try ;-)	
Aug 5 2009 	Great Place nice location	The hotel is located just north of Liverpool Street station so really good access to central London. There a bus stop just outside the hotel, with the routes running down Bishopsgate to Liverpool street. The area is quite busy in the week, yet quieter at weekends. I stayed over a weekend and had a wander around brick lane market on Sunday. I booked into a club room and was told it included £x of free drinks per night from the bar included in the price. The check-in was really quick and the person was very helpful as I don't drink alcohol they were kind enough to take the money off the bill. The room was large at the front of the hotel yet there was no road noise. They had left a bowl of fruit and a box of chocolates for me. The toiletries in the bathroom were Gilchrist and Soames so very upmarket. The hotel does a turn down service which I hadn't had before, the maid came in turned down the bed and replaced the towels, bottled water and toiletries I had used. The breakfast was included and the restaurant is on the top floor giving a great view across the city. It was a standard English breakfast with freshly made smoothies. I asked for poached eggs and it throw them a bit, yet I got them it did take about 20mins.There is a club lounge, they do canapés in the evenings yet only Monday - Thursday night. The lounge also does continental breakfast on Mondays - FridaysIn the evening I went to the restaurant for my meal I used a voucher that had been left in the room. The manager decided not to honour it only letting me know after I had eaten my meal, so I spoke with the hotel manager on leaving and he honoured it, he told me that they were in the process of changing offers and not all staff knew which was valid. The hotel has a concierge and he was told to summon a taxi for me which was quite handy as it was raining and once the taxi stopped he put an umbrella up and escorted me to the cab which is a nice extra.	
Jul 25 2009 	Fantastic staff and room loved this hotel!!	We stayed at the crowne plaza shoreditch, in late june. As soon as we walked in with our 10 tonne of luggage, 4 staff members approached us straight away and took it out of our hands and straight up to our room without hesitation. Our room was very clean, comfortable, modern and included free wifi. The bed was extremely comfortable!The bathroom was clean, with plenty of space and had a great, warm shower.The restaurant had an amazing view, and the food was likewise, although a bit pricey.The hotel was about an 8 min walk to liverpool street station, or alternatively there was a bus stop right out the front of the hotel which lead you straight to the 'hop on hop off' buses. Overall we were very impressed with the staff, they were very helpful with directions to the main attractions of london and also with the handling of our luggage. Would definitely stay here again!	
Jul 20 2009 	Nice hotel just 10 minutes away from Liverpool Street Station	Just returned from a 3 nights stay at the Crowne Plaza Shoreditch and we liked this hotel a lot. Room was very nice, good bed, nice bathroom, about 10 minutes away from the Liverpool Street Station. From there the train to Harwich leaves and it's also the place to get the subway to travel around London. It's also about 10 minutes from the Spitalfields market (Thu: Antiques &amp; vintage; Fri: Fashion &amp; art; Sat: All shops &amp; no stallsSun: Busiest day - all shops &amp; all stall) and Brick Lane for good Indian food. Only minor negative point was breakfast. The staff needs a good manager who can tell them what to do. Now they walk around like they have no idea what they are doing. For the rest it was a nice place and we hope to be back soon. We used TotalStay.nl and that made it very affordable (345 euro for 3 nights, breakfast included for a twin room).	
Jul 19 2009 	Disappointed with staff food internet and location.	The room was average with an above average bathroom. After traveling so far, I was not dazzled by anything at this hotel. Our room had an outside view of a fuel station. The reason we chose this hotel is that it was advertised as modern and we were looking for conveniences such as a working internet in our room..It did not work for 2 days. I will say that it was very close to the bus stop which was easy for touring. They also charged us for items from the bar that we never used, but were able to give us credit. The biggest mistake was the Concierge sent us to the wrong train station for our next stop, we were angry after paying a lot of money for a taxi to take us there only to find out we were in the wrong place.	
Jul 11 2009 	Comfortable clean and convenient	Spent one night here en route to Heathrow at the end of a long trip. We got a free night with my Priority Club points so we were happy with the value for money!!Nice hotel; helpful staff, friendly and efficient.Room clean and well furnished.Free internet very nice.Not really Crowne Plaza standard, more like Holiday Inn.If you are looking for a decent meal, head out of the hotel, turn left and walk 400m to a little Italian restaurant called &quot;Journal&quot; (23 Shoreditch High St). Great food in a simple setting.	
Jul 10 2009 	OK hotel. Not the most comfortable.	Spent one night here for a conference and it was fine, but definitely not the most comfortable. Reception area was modern and welcoming, and a concierge rushed to help with my bags, which I was grateful for after a horrible tube journey. Fairly quick check in and was told the basics of what and where. Room was OK in size, too hot, as all hotels are but modern and well laid out. I didn't like the bathroom. I'm quite short and the bath was a little too deep to get in and out of easily, and the loo was too high, so I didn't really enjoy the bathroom at all. Chairs were a little too small and not comfy and the desk was cluttered with laptop stands and bottled water and the TV etc. Took a while to get my head around the TV and how to turn it on, as you have several options, including internet at around £5 per hour. There was complimentary water and the toiletries were quite nice. Went along to breakfast and as soon as we'd sat down, we were asked if we wanted to go and join our colleagues in a conference room for breakfast, and although we made it clear we didn't really want to, we were walked through. As soon as we began to serve ourselves, someone else came and told us the food was being taken away now, so we wouldn't have much time. That was at 8.30. Shame we weren't left to have our breakfast in peace in the first place, rather than having staff watching over us rushing our breakfast down.Overall, an totally acceptable hotel, but nothing stood out at all. I honestly think I'd have been more comfy in a Travelodge, sorry.	
Jun 22 2009 	Best hotel for the price I've ever stayed in London	Booked this for one night and went for a superior double which has kingsize bed, slightly larger room than the standard and breakfats included - total price was £133. The area was fine and close to Hackney empire where we were seing a comedy show. The staff were incredibly friendly and helpful, the best service we've had for a long time. When we asked the reception staff about buses, he showed us on a map, looked up the number, and walked us across the road to the bus stop to check the night bus times for coming back.The room was excellent - celan, spacius, very well furnished and nice decor and with a huge big window and great view. the temperature during the night was just right, and the curtains were black out meaning a good nights sleep.The restaurant for breakfast has great views and windows all the way round.Can't think of anything negative to say about this hotel!	
Jun 17 2009 	Great place off the established tourist track	I've stayed at the Crowne Plaza a few times now in recent months after getting it on Hotwire and Priceline respectively. This one is great for those who know London; probably not so great for the tourist who wants to get around easily.Set in Shoreditch, about 15 minutes walk to Old Street underground, it's great for city access. The Hotel itself has a large airy lobby and the staff have been faultless on both visits. The rooms are large for London and very comfortably furnished with great beds. They contain all the standards you'd expect: mini-bar, tea/coffee, hairdryer, iron etc. On both occasions I was upgraded and got quiet corner rooms with bathrooms that had nice glass sink units and powerful showers. There's a restaurant on the top floor with very good city views however I'd recommend taking the 10 minute walk to Brick Lane which is famed for its many and various wonderful Indian restaurants. There's also a Tesco extra on the opposite side of the road for those necessary incidentals like bottled water which always cost the earth in hotels.The only negative I had on the Crowne Plaza after 2 stays was the room service. It was quick and polite but I've got to say that the Pad Thai dish I ordered was almost inedible, having appeared to have been made with bottled sauces which were extremely salty. I don't usually order room service but had got in too late to venture out. I'd definitely stay there again for business.	
Jun 4 2009 	Not sure how to say this...	The hotel its self is quite nice. There was an issue with the booking and they did their best to accommodate us. Free internet in the room was nice but I was bummed to see they put a charge on my card for &quot;incidentals&quot; even though I had paid in advance. It fell off a couple days after we left so no harm, no foul.On the downside I was in the unfortunate position to hear the hotel bartender and a young American tourist talk about their 9/11 conspiracy theories and there were some derogatory remarks about a certain ethnic group made by the bartender at one point and that made me rethink how I would rate this hotel. Like I said, the hotel is nice but I wouldn't stay here again.	
Jun 3 2009 	Great value in London	We booked a room through Hotwire and ended up a the Crowne Plaza Shoreditch. The price was great, but I wasn't sure about the location. It is probably good if you have business in the City Center, but for site seeing it is a bit out of the way. However, the price and the quality make up for the difference. I couldn't find a hotel in Kensington this nice at this price. It is close to bus stops and rail and Underground at Liverpool Station if you don't mind a 10 minute walk. Our room was nice, clean, modern and quiet (we were on the 4th floor). The staff was very friendly and helpful. A great place to relax after a long day.	
Jun 2 2009	Very nice hotel	We were impressed with the hotel and the friendly service. We had a problem initially because I had booked the wrong date through hotwire, but called the hotel and they said they would change the date for me no problem. I got there and they said it wasn't changed, and said I'd have to pay for the room again. The guy went around back and I guess he discussed it with someone, and came back out to tell me it was fine, I could have my room without paying extra. Thank goodness! He was very nice in helping me find a room asap.The room itself was very comfortable. Not a large room but we didn't expect this in London anyways. The bathroom though is amazing! Very bright, spacious, and clean. Very comfortable bedding. Buses come very often (every 3 mins or so it seemed) to the Liverpool station so that was convenient. We walked back to our hotel both nights though, and encountered some not-so-nice scenes. There are quite a few nightclubs in the area so be careful if you're walking back alone at night. Other than that, the hotel seemed safe.	
May 31 2009 	City Hotel with a great view from the restaurant.	In terms of Cowne Plazas it doesn't compare to the one at Blackfriars and is probably more in line to a Holiday Inn. Probably not the place to stay for tourists more a stopover for business people in the City. Its one great feature is the restaurant which has fantastic views over the City and London and is a real joy of an evening as you can sit and enjoy London by night.	
May 27 2009 	Not really a Crowne Plaza	The area immediately South of the hotel is still to be regenerated, so be warned. Upon entering the lobby, it's more like an upmarket travelodge - not what I would expect from this premier brand of ICHG. Staff had varying levels of English and I don't really expect them to be getting 'today' and 'tomorrow' mixed up. No additional security in the lifts which lead to me having to ring reception at 10pm one night as a man lurked dubiously in the corridor. Limited offering in the club lounge - breakfast passable but evening drinks were thin on the ground and no snacks to speak of by the time I got in there well after 9pm. Room was clean and not too small, with fairly well insulated windows. Desk badly designed so powerpoints were unusable with my laptop charger. Shower was OK but could have been more powerful. It falls a long way short of the sister property at Blackfriars and although it's a lot cheaper, I can't help but think it's more of a top notch Holiday Inn rather than a genuine Crowne Plaza...	
May 26 2009 	Favourite London hotel in this price bracket	I have stayed here many times - and have always been pleased with price, quality of rooms and service. My latest stay last week was no exception. In fact, I think this is my favourite 'chain' hotel, certainly in London, and probably worldwide when it comes down to it. I stay in lots of places for business and leisure and this large, modern, quiet, convenient and comfortable hotel has all of what I require. Special word for room service: at 2.45am, my slightly unusual request was met with a friendly and efficient response.	
May 19 2009 	Very Pleasant	Very handy for liverpool street station 910 min walk); which is handy for stansted and central london. Hotel immaculately clean, staff very helpful. bathrooms lovely; could not ask for more.	
May 13 2009 	Nice Hotel	Location is in a trendy part of London, about a mile from the Liverpool Street Tube station. Buses from the Tube to tis hotel are frequent and stop close by. rooms were VERY nice, Staff helpful, and prices typical for London. All in all, a good location.	
May 12 2009 	A really good hotel if a little off the beaten track.	Have completed two stays at the Crowne Plaza Shoreditch lately, and both have been pretty excellent. Staff are pleasant, the hotel is clean, comfortable and luxurious with excellent beds and bathrooms. Location is not too bad and has good bus links, and is a short walk from local Tube stations. I've no reason not to recommend this clean, modern hotel in a vibrant part of London. It's not particularly central, but is away from the tourist throngs also, with lots of local areas to enjoy. I will return again undoubtedly!	
May 12 2009	its gr8	as we love to travel.so itas gr8 to be there in London.this hotel has many features so we enjoyed outside and within the hotel also with lot of activities..........it was fun	
May 6 2009 	Reasonable	Room reasonably nice and large, if a little bit bland. Staff at check-in efficient and helpful. Internet connection in room free, but slow. Breakfast service poor - nice views from restaurant, but selection limited, staff slow, and room packed with people. Recommend breakfast elsewhere if you can.Would stay again, but this hotel is only just above average for hotels of its class in London	
May 3 2009 	Beautiful rooms helpful concierge and 15 minutes from the action of London!	Great hotel. I arrived in London at Heathrow Airport which is about a 30-40 minute drive in taxi. The ride cost about 65 pounds, which will come out to about $100. I arrived at the hotel before check-in and they allowed me to settle into my room. The room was perfect for one person, and the bathroom was lovely. I can appreciate a clean hotel that is easy to get comfortable in. Beware of mini-bar, do not remove anything unless you intend on consuming it. The hotel is ni the financial district and about a 10 minute walk to Liverpool Station (tube, subway that will take you to Central London), and there are buses available right outside the doors of the hotel. The concierge was very helpful, and the food came in large portions. I will definitely be staying here again when I return to London.	
Apr 22 2009 	Good hotel without paying London prices!!	Stayed at the Crown Plaza in Shoreditch London over the Easter wekend with a friend. We booked a twin room many months before we arrived at the hotel only to find on our arrival that they had given us a double room. ON asking what they were going to do they stated they had run out of twin rooms??? So we ended up with a camp bed as a second bed squashed into one room. It was comfy and served a purpose and luckily we werent there to live in the room for two nights / days so it didnt cause much of a problem but more as a warning to anyone booking twin rooms.The hotel is only a 5 minute walk from Liverpool Street station which obviuosly gives you access to the tube and train station and the rest of London.The hotel is clean and decor is very good. Whilst there i didnt use the restaurant but did have a look around it which was very smart. Tip - have a drink in the cocktail bar on the top floor as the large balcony has very good views of the City and in particular the Gherkin!The bar on the ground floor of the hotel is excellent and ideal for a couple of drinks before you head off into the city and also good for watching sport on the large T.v's with surround sound.The bathroom in the hotel was very clean and you are given plenty of towels and robes etcThe room has a t.v. with numerous sky channels with the option of pay per view films etcOn returning back to the hotel in the early hours of Monday morning we were greeted by an easter card and mini easter eggs which i thought was a very nice touch!!The hotel is situated in Shoreditch which isnt anything to write home about but opposite the hotel is an off licence which obviously sells beer, wine and spirits (To use in your room which is cheaper than the mini bar) and food, sandwiches and other essentials you might need.Overall a very good hotel without paying London prices!!	
Apr 14 2009 	Good but not outstanding	Just had an overnight stay and chose this hotel as we needed to be at that end of London. Shoreditch doesnt' have the best travel links to see central London, so not the best choice if you are looking for a base for sightseeing. Having said that, this hotel seems to me more aimed for the business traveller. The hotel itself is quite new and the rooms are of a good standard. On the down side was that all the rooms we booked (3 of them) were not ready at the 2.00 check in time, the pillows are very hard, the bath is very short (like you can just about sit in it) and the health club does not have a pool. Also, we found that housekeeping kept on knocking on the door at odd times, and when you answered the door they were 'just checking' - for what we weren't sure. They also wanted to get into the room quite early on a Sunday morning to clean - surely they must have a log of who has checked out so they can go to those rooms???? But is must be said, the guy on concierge was very helpful and pointed us to where all the best local restaurants were.Overall the stay was comfortable and the hotel is quite good - but I would only choose to stay there if I needed to be in that particular area as it isn't the easiest hotel to get to.	
Mar 30 2009 	excellent hotel and great value	I took advantage of a great value rate for the Crowne Plaza Shoreditch : £109 for two nights. On check in I found a voucher for a free half bottle of wine with dinner in the globe restaurant. And what a nice restaurant: great views and good value too.The club room was very nicely presented, and there was complementary fruit, chocolates and mineral water. As it was the weekend the Club Lounge was closed so, sunday morning's breakfast was served in the restaurant (with stunning views of London on a sunny morning).Other nice details were the heated bathroom mirror and space in the minibar fridge for personsal use.The hotel is very close to Liverpool Street mainline rail station with buses stopping virtually outside the door making it very accessible. Overall a very nice hotel and a thoroughly enjoyable stay.	
Mar 15 2009 	Excellent value for Central London	We found this hotel after an exhaustive search using Tripadvisor and we weren't disappointed. The hotel is of the standard you would expect form a Crowne Plaza. The rooms were clean, spacious and comfortable. We had rooms at the front, overlooking the street. There was some noise but it didn't stop us form sleeping. We had one dinner in the hotel restaurent, which was very good and quite reasonabley priced. The area around the hotel is fine. It's a bit rough around the edges in places, but the gentrifiacation is gradually working it's way up towards the hotel. That being said, we were quite comfortable walking aroung at all times of the day and quite late into the night.We usually breakfasted at Leon's at Spitalfield's market, about a fifteen minute walk away, towards Liverpool Street station. We'll definitely be staying here again, the next time we're in London.	
Mar 8 2009 	Excellent staff Very good hotel	As I find with most Crowne Plaza hotels, the staff are always very helpful. This hotel was very clean and in very good order. Excellent size and standard of rooms was very good. Good variety at breakfast which is served on the top floor where you get excellent views of London.I can't say anything bad about this hotel and for the price, excellent value for money. Would definately come back	
Feb 26 2009 	Nice Surprise	20th to 22nd FebruaryWe managed to get a very good Mystery Hotel deal with Superbreak.com and what a nice mystery hotel it was. The hotel is situated an easy 10 minute walk from Liverpool Street Tube Station. You can get a bus to the station from directly outside the hotel but we found it a pleasant walk.The staff were all very polite and courteous and the rooms are nicely laid out.We decided to have lunch at the top floor Restaurant. We were the only guests at first but it got pretty busy after a while. The Restaurant Manager was lovely and the food was very reasonable and very tasty.I would certainly stay at this hotel again and recommend it to friends and family.	
Feb 2 2009 	Good value in London	Good hotel near financial district. Nice, but small rooms. Friendly staff accomodated my request for quiet room and early check-in. Hotel is all non-smoking. Internet was free in my room. Minor inconvenience that the bathroom counter was too small, even for a guy. Ten minute walk from Old Street (closer) or Liverpool Street tube stations. Hotel was not close to any tourist attractions. At the new, lower rates in London, this hotel has good value.	
Jan 22 2009 	Great Service and Price.....Perfect for Business Trips in the City	Have just returned from three nights at the Crowne Plaza in Shoreditch and I was very impressed!The hotel lobby was a bit dull, but the excellent service from all the staff really made up for it. The food in the main restaurant was fantastic....and what a view of the London skyline! The room was very spacious and clean.....a little bit too warm, but it could be altered by the air con. Overall a great stay and I have already booked myself in to stay there again next week. I paid between £120 - £160 a night.	
Jan 5 2009 	great hotel friendly staff	This Hotel was lovely in every way from the outside to our room.The staff are friendly and helpfull especially the bar staff,our room was a good size the bathroom had a supply of shower, shampoo and body creams,robe and fluffy towels.We did'nt try the restaurant but had a nice meal in the bar .My only gripe was the price of breakfast £16.00 p/p we decided against .Liverpool station is near enough to walk to. For us this Hotel was perfect I would stay there again.There are no smoking rooms for those of us that cant give up ,so for our stay I cut down.Every area of this Hotel was extremely clean.	
Dec 28 2008 	Great experience all round	This was a brilliant hotel for my son &amp; me - we had a Saturday night on the Thames which was an £8 cab fare to get back, straight over London Bridge - and on Sunday we did Brick Lane and Columbia Road markets, both of which are just round the corner.I did get an exceptional deal as a member of my family works for the group, but it's not unusual to be able to get a double room here for £72 at the weekend, which is still an extremely good deal.Breakfast is expensive (£17 a head!) but there are a few cafes/delis within walking distance (check on londontown or aboutlondon ) We ended up at Leilas Shop on Calvert Avenue which was an experience in itself. That cost £16.50 for the two of us - still expensive but was worth every penny. Twenty years ago this was an area that did not have a good reputation at all but I was completely happy with the safety and security aspect. It wasn't gleamingly clean but go up any alleyway in London on a Sunday morning &amp; you'll find the detritus of the night before, I'm afraid. Tucked away down the side streets are some achingly trendy shops and restaurants which cater for the city types who have begun to colonise the area. There are some lovely buildings (old &amp; new) and the Geffrye Museum is just down the road.The staff at the hotel were lovely - we went up to the restaurant to see the views etc &amp; the duty manager insisted on giving my son a smoothie. The reception staff offered us a late check out (2pm) or to keep our bags behind the scenes for the day. The room was a good size, the bed was huge &amp; very comfortable, with lots of extra bits &amp; pieces in the room. I could say that I wished that the bath was full size but that's being a nitpicker so I won't.	
Dec 27 2008 	Beautiful!	This was &quot;secret&quot; accommodation for AUD$210 per night. It was a beautiful hotel with great staff and great rooms. The location isn't the best as it's not near anything but it's only a 10 minute walk to Liverpool tube station. The staff were amazing and let us use their internet and phones when we had a wallet stolen. They also did an internet search for me when I needed some information about my next hotel in order to get my emergency credit card sent there. The rooms were large, bathroom was nice and had a bathrobe! The rooms were clean, contained tea and coffee and hot chocolate supplied. The internet/tv is expensive but since it's optional, it's your choice whether to get it. I loved this hotel. It's much better than normal UK/Europe hotels which are usually small and dingy. This was the best hotel I stayed in while I was overseas. I would stay here again.	
Dec 6 2008 	Very nice room	The crown plaza shoreditch is located in the east part of London very close to the business district. It is a fair walk(about a mile) from the Liverpool tube station with luggage but we made it ok. I booked the hotel on priceline' name your own price and was exepted at $114 plus tax...buyer beware that priceline fees/taxes average 25%/night. This was the fifth place we stayed on a 10 day whirlwind trip and the room at this Crown Plaza was the nicest room we had on our trip. Keep in mind that this is a business hotel and weekend rates are substantially cheaper than weekday rates but this room was easily a $400ish/night room. Comfortable king bed with nice sheets/covers beautiful bathroom with high end fixtures. Very nice. After my bid was exepted on priceline I googled for a review and was somewhat concerned about the area. People complained about sketchy looking people on the streets concerned them but I found the area to have a mix of commerial/residential buildings with pubs and restaurants with young professionals enjoying themselves-did not bother me.	
Nov 16 2008 	Fantastic value 5* stay in central london	We stayed at the Crowne Plaza on Shoreditch High Street for an overnight weekend stay as we had a party to go to in the area. Booked it via Hotelconnect.co.uk, would recommend shopping around on the late booking websites, as we found an excellent deal this way - £108 for the room inc a fantastic buffet breakfast. Hotel stay was lovely, clean, modern hotel, good service, room was excellently kitted out, comfortable and very contemporary. Not a huge room, but not a shoebox either, more than large enough for 2. Lovely restaurant, bar and tarrace on the roof, great views. We didn't eat there, but they did a very nice looking 3 course set menu for £25 inc wine, and the breakfast was lovely, well cooked and served. Very accesible from Liverpool st station, approx 5 min walk down Bishopsgate. some reviews have said its a bit seedy, there are a couple of 'Gentlemens Clubs' along the road (aka lapdancing venues) but walk further down Bishopsgate and turn down Rivington and there's lots of little streets with nice pubs, eateries and clubs, very nice part of London. Have nothing but nice things to say about the hotel and the area and would recommend to my best friend!	
Oct 28 2008 	great all round	welcoming, comfortable, reasonable price, central(ish) location,get the breakfast!!10 minutes walk from Liverpool St station - bus stop right outside though if walkings not your thing. £12 cab fare from the west end after midnight - not too bad. The breakfast is well worth the price on your tariff and the rooftop restaurant is great.	
Oct 25 2008 	Great price for the price I paid	We stayed two nights at the 4* Crowne Plaza London Shoreditch on a $105/night Priceline bid. (Finsbury/Islington area.)Pluses: We arrived over two hours before official check in and our room was not ready for us yet, but they did pre check us in and store our bags while we went for some lunch. No mention of Priceline whatsoever, and we were treated very professionally the entire time. When we returned later in the afternoon our bags were brought up for us, the concierge was quick to offer assistance (cab, suggestions, directions) whenever we were in the lobby, etc. When we came back the second day, the maids had not only cleaned the room but also folded the dirty clothes that I had kinda tossed over on the sofa and organized all my toiletries in the bathroom! Talk about service LOL! Certainly top notch in the customer service department.The hotel was renovated in 2007 and it shows...everything is very modern, clean, and upscale. Our room was fairly spacious and had tons of daylight by European standards, had a huge flat screen TV, desk with internet keyboard to use on the TV (£15/day), sofa bench, and the standard amenities for a 4* (Minibar, coffee maker, trouser press, iron, bathrobes, etc). There was an assortment of current magazines on the coffee table as well. All very nice for the price.While they charge and arm and a leg for in-room internet, there is free wi-fi in both the lobby and in the lounge on the 7th floor which was a bonus.The nuetral: It's a decent walk to the Liverpool Street Station, maybe half a mile or so. However there is a bus stop in front of the hotel which will get you there in a jiffy.Minuses: The neighborhood leaves a bit to be desired...there's just not a lot to do right there. Dining options are quite limited in the area, especially in the evening. The hotel dining is (as to be expected) quite pricey, for example breakfast was £16, etc. There is a 24 hour Tesco Express across the street which is great for grabbing a snack or bottle of wine, but at night (we were there on a weekend) it had a small crowd of misenchanted youth loitering about chugging beer. Combine that with the 'adult' club just up the block it's a tad bit on the seedier side after dark...but I never felt uncomfortable in the slightest and would say this is just something to mention, not to worry about. Unfortunately the room only had views of the buildings behind it, and we kept the drapes closed most of the time... because I was sure if I could see everyone else, they could certainly see me, too which was a bit creepy LOL. But hey, that's par for the course in London, and I imagine other rooms are better.Overall, the Crowne Plaza Shoreditch was ABSOLUTELY worth the Priceline price we paid. All things considered you just can't knock this sort of quality for $105 in London.	
Aug 23 2008 	Great location and hotel	This is a great hotel to choose whether for business or for a holiday.The hotel is convenient for tube stations, and is near some great restaurants which I would recommend over the hotel - all located a sort (safe) walk away in an area called Hoxton - try &quot;Hoxtons&quot; (which is in a nice square area) and &quot;Room&quot; (on a Monday &quot;Room&quot; charges half price for all the main courses etc. - AMAZING value).The rooms are not big, but are comfortable to walk round, are fresh and clean with good showers and comfortable beds. If you have a room on the front, it can be noisy - but hey, you are in london City Centre, and the +'s far outway this issue.The view from the restaurant is great - so defintely worthwhile having breakfast up there! Staff are helpful and polite - they organised a cab for me early hours to London City airport - took only 15 minutes!Would definetly recommend this hotel above any others in the vicinity	
Aug 9 2008 	Great value high class hotel	My wife and I stayed for 2 nights, one for business and one for pleasure. The hotel seems very new and certainly it was spotless and modern. The room, and particularly the bathroom, was larger and better appointed than many more central hotels and at a good price (£254 for two nights).For tourists or those who do not know London, it may be a little out of the way, but Liverpool St station is only a 10 minute walk and of course if, like us, you are coming via Stansted this is very convenient. Liverpool St is only 5 stops on the Tube from Oxford Circus.The restaurant and bar are on the 7th floor and there is a spectacular view across London from the panoramic window. Great to have breakfast with the city laid out in front of you.We would strongly recommend this hotel to anyone who doesn't mind being a little out of the centre, but values quality at a reasonable price.	
Jul 1 2008 	Fantastic hotel friendly staff and spotless!!!	My friend and I stayed at the Crowne Plaza in Shoreditch for the weekend. The hotel is 5 minutes in a taxi from Liverpool Street Train Station, approx cost £5 for the journey.The room was ready even though we were 40 minutes early and we went straight in and un-packed. We had a twin room and it was spotless. It had an iron, ironing board and trouser press all in one wardrobe, a mini bar, Sky TV and internet connection.The buffet breakfast had everything even smoothies!! Every cheese, ham and bread you could think of, as well as a full cooked english breakfast to choose from. If you wanted a fried egg, they would even cook it for you fresh, as it was scrambled egg on the buffet.The view from the restaurant was outstanding, as it is totally all glass and you can see London for miles. They even have a terrace next to the bar where you can sit outside.The staff were so helpful, even took our wine bucket to the room for us as we left the bar!!I booked online with the Crowne Plaza and it was £117.00 per night (twin room) and this included the breakfast.Also just to add, there is a restaurant called The Rivington Bar and Grill just up the road and it is fantastic, but you must book as it is a sister restaurant to The Ivy. We had 2 courses and a bottle of wine £35 each and the food was so tasty, with plenty of it!	
Jun 3 2008 	Loved the Crowne Plaza Shoreditch	Overall very pleasant stay at this hotel. I stayed in a twin room, which was definitely above average size for London standards... very well appointed and comfy beds. Room included a good sized desk where I could work on my laptop, which was a good plus! Very nice bathroom, including bathrobe. Coffee and tea making facilities available, including complimentary daily biscuits... very nice touch, especially for people like me... who have a sweet tooth! Although close to Liverpool Street Station, which gets you everywhere in the city very fast, I would not recommend this to people who want a hotel in London where they can easily walk to the hot tourist spots in the evening. However if you have no problem with a short walk to the tube station, this is an excellent choice! Bus stops are also located close to hotel. Breakfast was included during my stay, which had a nice selection... very nice indeed! Overall had a great stay here, and would visit again.	
May 27 2008 	Great Hotel!	We stayed here for one night on a Saturday and it was fantastic. The hotel was spotless and exactly as described. The staff were very friendly and they even gave us free champagne as we were there to celebrate a birthday! We didn't eat in the restaurant as it was a little pricey for us, but there are plently of restaurants within walking distance. The hotel is about a 10 minute walk from Old Street tube station, and about 15 minutes from Liverpool Street Station.I was a bit concerned about the area before going due to other peoples comments on tripadvisor, but it was absolutely fine! There are lots of bars and clubs close by, so the streets weren't the cleanest when we left Sunday morning but nothing to worry about. We went out for some food on Saturday night and felt perfectly safe walking back after dark.I would definately recommend, and would consider staying here again next time we're in London!	
May 24 2008 	Good for business	I stayed at this hotel due to its relative close distance from the City which I was visiting for work purposes.The hotel room was clean and the bathroom surprisingly large. Reception staff were friendly, professional and (most importantly) quick. That said, I would not recommend the hotel for tourists as it is quite a way from the main attractions of London. The nearest tube (Liverpool Street) is a good ten minutes walk away and the surrounding area is quite run down which may put off some travellers.A must for those staying at the hotel is a trip to the seventh floor restaurant - the views of the City are awesome! The breakfast isn't bad either - a good selection of hot and cold food.	
May 20 2008 	good weekend base	Modern, clean and good location near tube - no problems walking around this area. Also close to Spitalfields market which is great and very near Fifteen (the reason for our stay).Slightly odd bar service on Sunday night - staff seemed more interested in football on TV than service.Overall a good stay and we would return.	
Apr 18 2008 	helpful staff	My daughter and I stayed here the weekend of the London Marathon and were very impressed. We ha d booked a standard room online and knew we were not guaranteed type of room or smoking preference. When we arrived and asked for a twin no smoking room, they could not do this, so offered either a double no smoking or twin smoking. As we really wanted a twin, we asked if the smoking rooms smelled, the receptionist was very honest and said yes, they did a bit, but then offered to show us one to judge for ourselves. The corridor outside the room did smell badly of smoke, but the room itself was fine, smelled like it had just been cleaned, so we took this.The room itself was of good standard, nothing fancy, but then you get what you pay for and this certainly wasn't an expensive hotel. The tea and coffee was well stocked, as was the mini bar, the toiletries were fine, with a note that you could ask for more toiletries from reception and the bathrobe and towels were nice and fluffy!We had a meal in the restaurant which was excellent. My daughter and I are both a bit fussy with what we eat, but found something for both of us, my only criticism was there wasn't much of a choice for vegetarians. The waiter in the restaurant was most attentive without being over the top. The view from the restaurant is spectacular over the city.The room itself was very quiet with no noise from the street below.I flet most welcome and looked after my whole stay, after we checked out the concierge waved down a taxi for us which saved us getting wet waiting for one to come along.On the whole a really good hotel for a couple of nights stay, I would highly recommend it.	
Apr 8 2008 	Perfect For an Overnight Stay	Stayed in the Crown Plaza when going over to see the FA Cup Semi Final at Wembley....found the hotel very clean and the staff to be very helpful....only stayed for one night ( room only rate of £100 ). It is a 10 minute walk along a big main road from Liverpool Street Station...very handy, and then 25 minutes by tube to Wembley. Noted other peoples comments about the area...didn`t seem too bad to me...think they may have been referring to `performing girls` bars which were not too far away, but I`m sure there are much worse areas to stay. Only downfall was the price of food, £14 for a burger and chip!!! breakfast was £17.50. We ate at Liverpool Street station.	
Mar 8 2008 	Lovely Hotel	A really nice hotel.... be prepared to use taxis though if you stay here as, in the immediate area, there is not a lot to see/do. oddly there are loads of shoe shops and the taxi driver told us that it is the best place in london to get a good curry! We flew into London City and it is only about a 20 minute taxi ride to the hotel - cost about £23. Check out the Comedy Cafe , within walking distance of the hotel, it is a fantastic night out (if you are not easily offended by bad language). the hotel is very luxurious if maybe a bit pricey but well worth it. the view from the restaurant (7th floor) is amazing. the breakfast was the best i have had in a hotel. Extremely comfortable room and the staff were superb. I would go back again tomorrow.	
Mar 3 2008 	Best choice for the area	It is spacious in the lobby and quite stylish. The lifts are very fast. The feeling in the corridors are comforting. Thick carpets, tasteful colours and decorations.I had a room with a queen size bed and the room size was just great. Everything was clean and in order, but you could tell that the floor wasn't brand new. Nice bathroom with robe included. Toiletteries are ok, but not luxurios. Tea/coffe/chocolate facilites, safe and minibar exist as well as hairdryer,trouser press, and ironing board. The biggest let down with the room is the TV. It is small and with bad reception. It is through this it also is possible to access the internet with a special keyboard.The room is spacious and nicely designed, but the &quot;art&quot; with images of the London Eye is pathetic and tacky. Given the nice look of the reception and hallway I would have expected something more genuine as wall decoration. Cleaning is good but not perfect. I intentionally left a strand of hair bang on the desk and it was still there when I got back, otherwise nice and tidy. I had a room not facing the high street which is really hullabaloo at night so my room was very quiet and pleasant to sleep in. Staff were, neutral really. Helpful but strict.If this hotel was located in the centre of London I might have chosen another one, but if you want to have a good nights sleep, explore the cool nightlife of Hoxton/Shoreditch without worrying about catching a cab this is the only choice if you want to stay comfortably. Compared to the surroundings it's very luxurious, so if you fancy a little slumming before a good nights sleep this is great.The reviewers complaining about the location surely cannot know and appreciate the special vibe in this part of town. If you want to do the London 101 with seeing Big Ben, Notting Hill and the other well-known classic itineraries, go on a pub or nice restaurant in the evening and then stroll back to the hotel then this location is not for you.	
Jan 21 2008 	Modern	Great location for use of the Barbican. Hotel was brilliantly furnished. The view from the roof top bar is unmissable! The area itsself is a bit rough. Staff were mostly foreign. Lower level parking was a plus but charged at £20 per day.	
Nov 28 2007 	OK at the Crowne	Stayed here for business for two weeks in Nov 2007. The property is ingood condition, rooms are clean and nicely furnished. Food is average.Had a problem with noise in one room - loud banging from the kitchen above. Reception moved me and upgraded my room and were responsive andhelpful. Location is a bit awkward, not very close to any tubes, OK ifyou don't mind walking. Plus point is its right in the middle of trendy Shoreditch, Hoxton Sq is just up the road and Brick Lane 5 minsaway so lots of bars/ restaurants nearby.	
Nov 26 2007 	Nice hotel poor location	This was a really nice hotel, very clean and modern with helpful staff. And they had reasonable prices for London. The downside was the location. Although it was a bit of a walk to even the nearest tourist attraction, I could handle that - it was the run down area that I didn't like. When we first arrived, we second guessed ourselves wondering &quot;Is this a safe area? Should we try to find another place?&quot; but concluded it would probably be fine during the day and we'd take cabs if we went out after dark. Fortunately nothing went wrong but there were definitely some shady characters hanging about after dark so you don't want to be wandering around that area at night. It was very strange for such a nice hotel to be located in such a run down area.Aside from that, my only other complaint is that the size of a standard room is very, very small. It was not a major concern for us since we were only there one night but it might get cramped for anyone staying longer.	
Nov 22 2007 	Great Rooms at the CP in Shoreditch	Without doubt the best thing about this property would be the rooms. Very spacious and decorated in a clean modern style. Bathrooms also large and modern with attraive fittings.By London standards the quality was exceptional. Nothing over the top, but stylish and accesible.Public areas of the hotel are clean and modern, though i never felt the desire to hang around in the small lobby area or try the attached bar.Restaurant on the top floor with a great view of the city (including the 'gurkin') was fine fpr breakfast, but price far to hight for what was on offer. Concierge and porters were all very helpful and knowledgable on the surrounding area.Front desk staff however were more hit and miss. while there were a few friendly and smiling faces there, the majority need to learn at least how to smile. The Eastern European woman on the desk were cold and abrupt and could do with a few sessions at a charm school.I for one, was happy with the area, shoreditch is a lively part of town, with many trendy bars and cafes nearby. Also close to the cuty too, but far enough removed to feel you are in an exciting part of town.True, both liverpool street and old street stations are both about 10mins walk away, but there are constant busses that go up and down Shoreditch hight street, so if the walk is too much get an oyster card (transport card) and jump on the bus it's only a few minutes then.Easy access to get into the west end on the tube too, just stay on the Central line and theres no confussing line changes at all.I'd happily stay at this hotel again.	
Nov 14 2007 	Great Hotel	The only bad thing I can find to say about this hotel is that its a little bit of a walk fom old street tube. The rooms are excellent, the facilities are great also, everything about this hotel is great. I would recommend this to some one who has a bit more than the average budget/on exspenses, I don't think its that cheap, but you won't regret parting with your cash. The area is surrounded buy bars and restaurants, not immediately on the doorstep, but only a short walk away. On the whole I really rate this hotel, its fab. Two minor points, a pint larger is £3.80, and internet access is to be fair exspensive, it should really be free, is around about £20 for a days surfing.	
Oct 22 2007 	Lovely Hotel bad location!!	Me and my boyfirend stayed at the hotel for one night. It was a lovely hotel, the breakfast was lovely - buffet style which included hot food e.g sauasages etc, different cereals, cheeses and cooked meats, fruit and different breads for toast!. The room was lovely too, nice big bed (the pillows were huge though, too big for me as i like thin pillows) Reception on the tv wasn't that good, but there was a good selection of channels.The air con only went down to 19 degrees, which i thought was still a bit warm.The reception staff were a bit rude, felt like we couldn't ask them anything. However the concierge were very helpful when ordering taxis etc. The hotel is about a 15 minute walk to the nearest tube station (Liverpool Street) and if you want to hop on the bus cos of luggage it still costs £2 each which i felt was way too much for a few stops up the road.All in all our stay was good. i wouldn't stay at this hotel again though purely for location reasons. i don't feel this was 4 star either, maybe a nice 3 star.If the hotel was smack bang in the middle of London i would reccomend.	
Aug 29 2007	If you are planning to stay here some good tips about the area...	This hotel is on Shoreditch High Road - a busy street by all accounts and in an up an coming area of London. You'd be forgiven to be surprised to learn that next door to this Hotel, in what looks like an almost unused warehouse block called the Tea Building, houses one of London's most exclusive private members club called Shoreditch House.Travel North on Shoreditch High Road (away from the City), the road turns into Kingsland Road - you can see from here why I call this place up and coming - its almost like Manhattan meets the Bronx... but on this ugly road, lies London BEST vietnamese restaurants. Head for the green painted one in the corner (past all other restaurants along the way) for the best choise in authentic beef noodle soup.If you turn left before Kingsland Road, you are into Old Street and Hoxton square. I'd recommend Shish Restaurant for a bit of modern kebab or the Furnace for best pizza this side of MIlan.Reading from the reviews of this hotel, I am a bit disappointed with Saint Gregory - and I hope they pull their act together. But failing that, there is the Hoxton Hotel and the Grille (our favourite restaurant).The Shoreditch Residents	
Aug 20 2007 	hotel room great shame about everything else	Arrived for a 2 night stay in London for some shopping and sight seeing. Greeted at reception by unfriendly staff. We were told to sit and wait until the male receptionist was ready to speak to us. The rooms in the hotel are very nice, clean and spacious, but this is the only good thing. We booked it because it stated that it was close to the centre of London and plenty of amenities. It was about fifteen mins walk through a very dodgy area to get to a tube station and then about 6 or 7 stops to get to oxford st. We were not told that the gym was undergoing refurbishments when we booked either. A staff member also let herself into our room after just knocking once and coming straight in. Not a hotel I would either recommend or stay in again	
Aug 7 2007 	A luxury bargain !	Perfect for stylish area of Shoreditch/Bethnal Green, the Saint Gregory (soon to be Crowne Plaza London - Shoreditch) provides a fantastic location for the fashion boutiques (beyond retro, tatty devine etc) and buzzing bars around Brick Lane (Ditch Bar comes highly recommended).The hotel has minimally slick decor from the ice-cool lobby through the gorgeous bathrooms with stylish fittings and comfortable beds. The hotel has on the whole very professional staff and a buffet breakfast providing a delicious selection of options.This hotel is perfect for 20 somethings looking for a different side to London than the typical tourist, but similarly is only 4 tube stops from Piccadilly/Oxford Circus.The only complaint I had was with the company policy of charging £100 deposit to your card instantly if paying by debit, as it then takes days to be refunded.For £70 per night for a double including breakfast on hotelbook, myself and my girlfriend enjoyed some luxury london on a budget, definitely a recommendation if you pre-book as opposed to paying the £259+ on the day rate!	
Aug 6 2007 	Second time but never again	It was the second time we had visited the St Gregory this year, this time it was a stop on the way to our holiday in South Africa. We arrived early afternoon and had reservations at a restaurant, which we missed as we couldn't get a cab!After an evening out in town we returned had a couple of drinks (expensive) in the bar and retired to our room. When I pealed back the sheets I noticed that they had been slept in before, my wife pointed out stains on the sheets and blood spots, they also smelt! This was supposed to be a clean room but it was clear that the maid had just tucked the bed back in.We called room service which came promptly and the young porter changed the sheets with our help, it was now after 1 in the morning and we had a flight next day. He promised to report it to the manager.Next day came, we went down for breakfast, which we had a good experience of previously, and again it was to a good standard.I've no problems with the staff being of many nationalities but it is sometimes very hard to understand their basis English, and I noticed that it was a problem between them understanding each other.We checked out, no one knew anything about the problems with the room and we were charged after all for our breakfast, which is a little too pricey for what it is.It is a modern hotel which always appears busy and popular but they need to do something about their service, filthy sheets are not forgivable.	
Aug 4 2007	Exceptional	A simple but exceptionally clean hotel with oversize rooms. Dont expect a luxurious serivice,this isnt the Ritz but its a very difficult place to fault unless one is looking for extravagant luxury. The hotel staff are not too bright but the make up more than enough for it by their deidication to serve. I actually had the front desk staff walk out and hail me a cab one morning. Overall very good value for money.	
Jul 29 2007 	A good experience	Our experience of this hotel was very good. On check-in we were offered a slightly smaller room at the back of the hotel which would be quieter, or a larger room at the front. We chose the larger room, and although it was on a main road, this really wasn't a problem. The only real noise was from the inevitable sirens on a Satrurday night!The room was very nicely decorated and the bathroom was modern, clean and well equipped.I did read a previous review which mentioned a theft from a room, and this did alarm me a little, obviously this is a horrible thing to happen.However, each room does have a free safe, so this should not prove to be a problem.Every member of staff that we met was pleasant and helpful, well above what we have come to expect in London!Our room rate (£112 -Hotels direct) included breakfast. This is served in a room on the 7th floor with great views of the city. The breakfast was plentiful and good quality. The hotel is about 10mins walk from Liverpool St station. We found the buses were the best way to get around, and several go from directly outside the hotel.Apparently this hotel is soon to become a Crown Plaza, so there is some renovation going on, this did not affect us in any way.In summary, we would certainly use this hotel again, if we could get a room for the same price. The only negative ould be the bar prices- nearly £12 for 2 drinks and a packet of crisps!	
Jul 28 2007 	OK	I use this hotel when seeing my friends in Shoreditch. Its OK for a room for the night. Its clean but soulless and is already looking worn. Personally I would like to stay in other Hotels but its cheap for the area and if all you need is a bed then its perfect. Go for a high room or one at the back if you fancy actually getting to sleep	
Jul 12 2007 	Modern hotel close to the City	The Saint Gregory is located in Shoreditch High Street, a 10-15 minutes walk from Liverpool Street station (the closest tube station) and the City. There are only few pubs in the immediate neighborhood of the hotel which is otherwise not so nice. The hotel itself is very modern. My room was facing the inner courtyard. It was quiet, rather large for London standards, nicely decorated and clean, although the armchair at the desk was not very comfortable for working. The bathroom was nice and clean.Breakfast is served in the restaurant on the top floor of the hotel with a nice view over the City. It was included in my rate and ok, although the selection was not great. Overall the Saint Gregory is a good choice if you want to stay close to the City.	
Jul 11 2007 	Handy for Liverpool Street Station and Stansted	We stayed here for one night in March. I wanted to be in the vicinity of Liverpool Street station as we had to go from there to Stansted the next day. Used the hotel as a base and had very little interaction with staff so i can't comment on them or the dining experience. However the room was very comfortable and spotlessly clean. I booked through Last Minute and was very disappointed with the 'city views' (see attached photos). I will treat Last Minute's descriptions with a huge pinch of salt next time! However we paid £70 for a deluxe double (room only) which i thought was good value. The hotel is in a bit of a no man's land. I felt safe during the day but was happier that my boyfriend was with me when walking around at night. It takes about 10 minutes to walk to Liverpool St.If you are looking for a modern contemporary hotel close to Liverpool St, St Gregory's is a good choice. I would stay here again for that reason.	
Jul 8 2007	Hated the Saint Gregory	I stayed in Saint Gregory hotel for 7 nights late June 2007. The room and the bathroom were big compared to London hotels, there is a bus stop 1 min walk from the hotel ,the good things about the hotel ends here though.The hotel is about 12 mins walk to Liverpool Underground, breakfast was mediocre at most, they have some problems with replenishing the breakfast, most things are about 10 min walk away like TESCO and other fastfood chains like Mac and KFC. I did not feel secure walking to/from Liverpool station to the hotel. Service and housekeeping was fine. Most barley speak English and takes ages to get what you want to them.The room was fine except some noise that I kept hearing all my stay, before checking out I discovered that it came from the upper restaurant they have and its source was a high heel walking on hard floors it was bad. When I called reception about that they told me that it was from the people above me, I went up to check. The room was empty!!!Really detest the SG.	
Jun 6 2007 	Robbers	Staying one night in St Gregory's Hotel it all looked very nice and we were happy with the choice. However we went down to breakfast in the morning and service wasn't the best, only to return to our room which had a do not disturb sign on the handle, to find it had been cleaned. We then discoverd our digital camera and a pair of sunglasses were missing. I will not go into all the details but it was quite obvious it was the cleaner and the hotel did nothing to help us they took an hour and a half to even call the police which meant we spent the best part of the day sat in the hotel reception. The cleaner is probably still there so be careful she did not speak a word of english and had only worked for them for a week. No compensation nothing, so watch your possessions if you dare stay at this hotel.	
May 24 2007 	Decent hotel - location so and so	Arrived at the hotel at around 9.30 pm on a weekday night. There was only one person at the check in addition to myself so the check-in process took only a moment.I had booked the room via travel agent so I had a voucher but they wanted to take the credit card info for their system in case I used room service. My room was on the 6th floor, facing inner courtyard. A good-sized standard room I would say. Nothing fancy but clean and cozy in a way.Bathroom was nice. Nicely lit - light colors. They had their own shampoo, body lotion and shower gel available (+shower caps). I would have hoped for a bigger tube of lotion + conditioner. The amenities were of standard bulk quality. What was of minor inconvenience in my room was that I assume there was a conference room above mine. So the staff reshuffled furniture until late evening (11pm). As I am not a light sleeper I was not really that bothered but if someone has trouble sleeping I would recommend a room on the lower floors.A nice touch in the room was a selection of magazines: timeout, homes &amp; antiques and national geographic.Lobby in the hotel was uninviting. It looked more like an office lobby than a hotel lobby.Services in the immediate vicinity to the hotel are scarce and the area is seedy-looking. I felt actually quite uncomfortable going outside and walking towards Liverpool Street.Walk to the Liverpool street station took little less than 10 minutes and on the way there I saw 2 bars that were open, one budget Italian restaurant that was open and a lot of graffiti. Only the bar/restaurant called Light looked nice... and seemed to be full of people. But still there were not that many people walking there so I hurried back to the hotel.Overall a good place to crash if you get a good rate, and want to stay close to the City to avoid commuting in the morning, and are not interested in going anywhere once you have arrived at the hotel. Personally I would have liked to have had more restaurants and people in the immediate area around the hotel. And as descibed. the neighbourhood was not inviting to take an evening stroll.	
May 24 2007 	A great place if you get a cheap room	I paid 70 pounds for a double room via the ratestogo website. I think the published full rate for the hotel is about 250 pounds. The hotel itself is nice, large rooms and a pretty good location (10-15 minutes walk from Liverpool street station). Hotel staff didn't seem the smartest people when we checked in. They had some trouble finding my booking which may have just been a reflection on the intelligence of the people on the desk at that time. It took a good 15 minutes for them to sort things out and give us our room. The room itself was great. Spacious and comfortable. Nice to have a full-sized bath in the bathroom too. All the things one could expect from a four-star hotel I guess.The location was okay, close enough to the City of London, walking distance to Monument and London bridge. Not the most exciting area of the city perhaps, but enough pubs and shops to provide everything we needed. I'd certainly stay there again for the same price.	
May 4 2007 	Lovely rooms shame about the service	Beautiful rooms. Staff was disorganised and didn't speak English verywell. Room was to be charged to my company as per an agreement with their management but they charged me instead. They did this on a second occasion with me as well, so I've now asked the company not tobook me in here any more. Food at the restaurant was just OK. Order was wrong, slow and staff were difficult to track down. Would recommend against it.	
Apr 29 2007 	Excellent new hotel contemporary and luxury clean and pleasant	Excellent, new hotel, contemporary, clean and pleasant.It is a business style hotel, very complete, very cheap in relation to the quality.My opinion : I recommend it to you.	
Apr 25 2007 	Lovely hotel but don't ask for porridge!	This is a lovely clean modern hotel in a reasonable location if you dont mind a short bus ride or a 10 minute walk to the tube station.  Our only major problem: we went to London to participate in the Flora London marathon and upon check in we asked if we could have porridge for breakfast on the day of the marathon. The receptionist said yes and to write it on the breakfast form or to telephone housekeeping from our room and to let them know. We did both of these ( the person on the phone said they could do porridge for us) but on the morning of the marathon at 6:50 am they phoned our room and informed us they could not serve us porridge. This may seem a really trivial problem to most but if you are a runner I'm sure you will understand it was unbelievably annoying after they had told us it was no problem. We cancelled our breakfast order ( which is expensive anyway at £13.95 for a continental breakfast) and ran the 26.2 miles on some pitta bread we had taken with us. Other than that we enjoyed our stay, the staff are pretty miserable but that didn't bother us too much as we were not there to visit them. Watch out for the £100 deposit you have to pay on check in to cover for any items you may take from the minibar (but this is only if you are paying on a debit card).I would definately stay again but not when running the marathon!	
Apr 10 2007 	Great Hotel Offbeat Location	The St. Gregory is a great hotel, but the location is off the beaten path in Hoxton/Shoreditch. Personally I didn't mind the chance to explore a different part of London, but some might be put off by the bus or tube ride to the typical tourist sites. (there is a bus stop right out front).Check-in was fine, though typically the Eastern European staff aren't exactly a bundle of warmth. The first room faced the rear, and was quite small (I think it was numbered _05). Try to get one with a sofa which is much larger. The decor is smart and up to date, and the bathrooms were very modern, though I pity the staff having to clean the glass vanity. Speaking of glasses, the bar glasses in the room were dirty when we first checked in, that was the only housekeeping glitch.	
Mar 28 2007 	Would stay again...	I booked this hotel as part of an Xmas present for my partner. I had booked us in to see the Nutcracker Ballet in Central London on New Years Eve. I had left booking the hotel very late and expected to have to pay through the roof as it was NYE. I found the Saint Gregory trough a hotels website and paid a very reasonable price (between £60-£100, can't remember). The price included breakfast which was a buffet style meal and included everything you could really need.The rooms were very clean and modern. I am very particular when it comes to bathrooms when staying in hotels and I like them to be 'new' and kept spotless. This hotel definately lived up to our expectations and we had no problems at all with our stay.There are better locations to stay in London but if you plan on buying a travelcard for the tubes then I would definately recommend staying here!	
Mar 19 2007 	lovely hotel	We booked into this hotel last minute after reading reviews and i am pleased to say we are glad we did.The location is as stated a little out of the way but still within zone 1. There is a bus stop outside the hotel, which saves a walk to the tube if you have a travel card. The area isn't great, but we had no problems and never felt unsafe.We have stayed in hotels all over the world and this was a very, very clean room which was comfortable, with modern decor. The restaurant had great views over London, with a good breakfast served every day.The hotel is french based, with french staff, and all were helpful.Overall a good base to visit London and would stay here again.	
Mar 17 2007 	Don't miss out on the Saint Gregory	Spent 5 nights last week with my husband in the Saint Gregory.Those people who ignore this hotel because it is in the East End are very foolish.It is an immaculately clean , modern hotel with very efficient, accommodating staff.Buses into the city centre run from a short distance to the left of the hotel , giving you access to Liverpool St. station and the tube.Our excellent value deal included breakfast , which presented us with a wonderful election of continental &amp; English type foods.Make sure you read the rules for use of the minibar in your room.The bottles are weight sensitive and you will be charged if you move them for longer than 30 secs.We explained to the receptionist that we had not consumed anything , having merely wanted to put some items of our own in the fridge and the charge was removed without a fuss.On our last day our cases were stored for us until we were ready to head back to Liverpool St. to catch our coach to the airport.I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to anyone.	
Mar 12 2007 	Great facilities	St. Gregory's is a fair way from the West End, however, if you have a travelcard for trains and buses, it is only a few stops from Oxford Street to Liverpool Street on the tube and then two or three stops by bus to the hotel. It is a very well equipped four star hotel - very comfortable and well thought out and such a hotel closer to the centre would cost much more than you will pay here. Service was very good, although I didn't get the newspaper in the morning which I had ordered and I didn't really appreciate the chambermaid knocking on my door at 9.30am and again at 10am on the Sunday morning to check when I would be leaving! Breakfast was really good and served in a very pleasant restaurant. Well recommended, but please, hotel, let your guests sleep in if they wish!	
Mar 8 2007	Steer well clear	We stayed one night at the St Gregory last month, I list below the awful experience we encountered whilst staying there.The hotel was booked through hotelsdirect a few weeks before hand. Upon arriving to a very rude and foreign reception staff, we were told we needed to pay for the room up front and swipe a credit card, as we do not own a credit card we were then told that we would not be allowed an account with the hotel, this is the first time I have been told this &quot;arrangement&quot; and have stayed at hotels all over the world.The room was ok, similar to a travel-lodge to be honest, bathroom clean and tidy.I asked for chocolates and flowers to be put in the room as we were celerbrating, there was nothing in the room at all. We had only been in the room 5 minutes, when there was a knock at the door and one of the cleaning staff just walked in and said &quot;sorry I left my pint of milk in the fridge&quot;, no appology nothing.After a night out in London, we returned to the hotel for a quiet night in, We purchased a movie on the interactive television and then I called reception for a glass of wine. The wine arrived a few moments later and the guy at the door said &quot;thats £3.65 please, and I shall also have the £6.95 for the film whilst I am here!&quot;I gave him a £20 and asked for the change to which he said he didnt have any and I would have to get it in the morning, its funny how the hotel doesnt give me credit facilitys but they expect it from their guests!I made my problems clear to the polish staff downstairs the next morning, for which they said &quot;thats the way this hotel is run&quot;Overpriced hotel in a dog rough area of London, with rude staff and travel-lodge style rooms - AVOID	
Mar 6 2007 	Just lovely	I've stayed in the St. Gregory a few times now, and it's just lovely. The rooms are spacious, airy with excellent air conditioning and comfy beds. The staff are polite, friendly and helpful. The restaraunt on the roof it top class: buffet breakfast with views over the square mile and, what's that i hear in the background? Yep Jazz. The only downside is the location. If you're a tourist the attractions are by no means in walking distance. Liverpool St. Underground is a 10 -15 min walk south, and Old Street is a 10 min walk north. If you're on business, the City is in easy walking distance and you can walk from the St Gregory to London bridge in around 20-25 mins.	
Feb 28 2007 	Lovely hotel near Liverpool Street	Stayed at the hotel for one night on a business trip. 15 minutes walk from Liverpool Street. From the time I was greeted by the hotel receptionist to when I left, I could not fault this hotel at all. The reception was bright and welcoming, and after I checked in, was given a room on the first floor. Considering just outside was a main room I could not hear any traffic at all. The room was very clean with all amenities provided. The heating you could tailor made for yourself. I had room service for dinner, and that was delicious - well presented and hot. I had a good nights rest, and enjoyed breakfast. The restaurant was on the top floor of the restaurant. and you could see views over London, although unfortunately when I stayed it was very a grey day. Breakfast was very good. I could not fault this hotel at all, and would love to stay in it again, if I had the opportunity.	
Feb 20 2007 	fantastic hotel	I came to London with my mum for a few days as she had not yet experienced London. We stayed at the Saint Gregory hotel from 8th to 10th January, 2007. We booked this hotel through the Easy Jet website for only £150 including breakfast whch was a great price and flights with Air Berlin for only £75 return. We flew to Stansted Airport and there we bought our tickets for the stansted express which is the train that travels from the airport and goes directly to Liverpool Street Station. The tickets are £25 return pp and as far as i'm aware its the easiest and cheapest way to travel to the hotel or Central London. (Note for first time visitors to London-there is also a Heathrow express-incase you are unable to get flights to Stanstead)After arriving at Liverpool street station-it took us a few minutes to find the correct exit-this is the exit on the top floor of the station next to the Wetherspoons restaurant-and then turn left!Now it does take about 10/15 minutes to walk to the hotel. It is a straight road that is well lit and always busy-even at midnight-so nothing to worry about. Upon arriving at the hotel i found the reception area to be very modern, clean and well decorated. Check in was quick and the staff were very helpfull and pleasant.We requested a non-smoking room-which is what we got. The room was really very nice. It was very spacious-2 single beds, a table and chair-a tv and a futon and with plenty of space to walk around. It was very clean and bright and modern. The beds were very comfy with crisp white sheets and the bathroom was also very modern and clean with a great power shower and complimentary toiletries. I have high standards of cleanliness especially when staying at hotels and the room certainly met those standards.The room has complimentary tea, coffee and hot chocolate facilities. It also has a fridge which is a big bonus-of course the beer, wine, water etc are rediculously over priced-but aren't they always. The fridge does have a shelf for your own personal use-which my mum and i easily used for our own bottles of wine and water. The room service is quiet expensive also-eg: £7/8 for sandwhiches-however there is a little shop accross the road which stays open late and sells sandwhiches crisps etc and there is a 24 hour cafe about 10 mins from hotel for anyone who may feel peckish a liitle later on in the night.The breakfast-we both thought this was extremley good. They had absolutley everything you could imagine from cereals, fresh fruit, yougarts, pastries, different kinds of bread and rolls to the usual fried foods-which were very good. The coffee was also suprisingly great and we were able to eat our breakfast with nice views over London as it is on the top floor. The cost of the breakfast to book seperate is £15 pp per day. As i mentioned our room rate included breakfast. Although it was very good im not sure if i would have paid £60 just for breakfast for us for the 2 days.The hotel also has 2 bars. One is a cocktail bar which leads out on to a balcony. The balcony was locked up when we were there due to the weather i presume, but i imagine this would be very pleasant to sit out in and have a cocktail in the summer.There is also a coffe bar at reception.As previously mentioned the hotel is about 15 minutes from the station but i personally don't see why this should be a problem as its far enough away from all the noise and close enough to the LSS. I must have read tons and tons of hotel reviews in order to choose the best one and came accross countless ones complaining how small and cramped a lot of the city centre hotels were. Therefore i think the hotels location is a good one.Liverpool Street Station is basically as central as you can get. If you go on the underground you can get to most places in london for example, the shops at oxford street, covent gardens, Harrods, the london eye etc. The different lines are all colour coordinated-it can be a bit daunting at first but once you get the hang of it its really easy. Pick up one of the sub way maps from the hotel it makes things very clear. A zone pass which you can buy at the station wil cost you about £5/6 for a full day. This means you can use it as much times as you like which is very good value for money as my mum and i were on and off the subway about 12 times in the one day.Overall i thought the hotel was clean, modern and great value for money. The staff were very helpfull and friendly and the hotel had great facilities and the breakfast were lovely. overall an extremley enjoyable stay-when i go back to London i will certainly be staying at the Saint Gregory.NOTE: if booking a theatre show-try blood brothers-its fantastic-one of the best iv'e seen. Try DiscountTheatre.com website as it seemed to be the cheapest website for theatre tickets. Our tickets were for an evening show and cost only £22.50 pp and we were ab out 5 rows from the front whcih is great value considering they usually cost double.hope this review has been helpfull-don't hesitate to book the hotel-you wouldn't be dissapointed.	
Feb 20 2007	Impressed	We had a brilliant two night stay at St Gregory. Comfortable room, great staff and a fantastic restaurant with views all over London. I would difinitely come again - especially if the price stays as low as it was	
Feb 19 2007 	Great hotel ok location	We booked this hotel from one of the companies on the hotelscomparison site and got a rate of 70 pounds a night including breakfast. We drove in on a Saturday and left on Monday morning, so we were able to park free on the street behind the hotel, since some of the spaces were free on Sat/Sun, and Monday until 8:30. The hotel also let us park in their parking for free for an hour monday morning so we could enjoy our breakfast.The hotel was a 12 minute walk from Liverpool tube stop for us, and we are average-to-tall sized people walking with a stroller and a baby. There's also a bus that goes from right in front of the hotel to Liverpool, so there's that option if you don't want to walk.The room itself was lovely. We were given a king room on the second floor facing the street. There was the usual street noise of cars and a couple of sirens, but nothing where we felt we needed to change rooms, even with the baby in the room. The room was large with a desk and a couch, and the shower had good water pressure. The room was also very clean and the linens were obviously new; the bed was extremely comfortable. The only downside was that the wireless internet signal was too weak in the room, so we only used it in the lobby. There are about 6 different types of magazines available free at the front desk. Breakfast was good (sauasage, ham, cheese, fruit, toast, croissants, cereal, yogurt); we always were there by nine so there was never a line. The view over the city is nice.When you check-in, if you want to use the mini-bar to put your own stuff in, you'll need to give them your credit card; otherwise, I think they keep it locked. There's a small place you can fit a couple of your own bottles, but if you move anything, it will automoatically charge to the room, but just put it back and explain at reception; there shouldn't be a charge.The neighborhood was fine. I would not walk around as a female by myself very late if I had a choice, but we never had any trouble. It is a really happnening place for Londoners, so if you want to go out to bars/restaurants that arent's overrun by tourists, this is the place to go. This is our fourth trip to London, and this is the only area we've been able to stop and ask for directions and not ended up talking to other tourists who didn't know where they were either. There are some excellent Vietnamese restaurants if you turn right out of the hotel and just keep walking for 5 or 10 minutes. Reception staff were fine, some were a little more distant than others, but all were polite and we never had any language issues.I recommend this hotel if having a decent sized room is more important to you than being in the center of it all.	
Feb 14 2007	Great location and great price	We booked this hotel because it had a great rate for a 4 star and we weren't disappointed. It is about 10 mins walk from Liverpool St. Station or £3.50 in a taxi if its raining! Its also very close to Spitalfields where there are great restaurants and shops and a trader and food market. (We would recommend dinner in Canteen).The newspapers and magazines provided in reception are a nice touch and our room was stylish and spotlessly clean. Breakfast was served in the 7th floor restaurant. The food was on the cool side but I guess this happens with a buffet. It was tasty nonetheless.We would definitely recommend the Saint Gregory and will be staying again.	
Feb 4 2007	First class	Superb hotel. Good sized rooms, very clean, modern and well furnished and comfortable. Good sized well fitted bathroom. Staff friendly and helpful. Very good soundproofing between rooms and very quiet if in a side or back room. Superb breakfast choices. Only drawback, the rooms overlooking the main road which has heavy constant traffic and is therefore noisy for non city dwellers like me.Why then did they build it in such a shabby area with no local attractions? If used to walking it is about 6 minutes from Liverpool St or Old St. tubes as stated. If not, or a fat tourist then 15 is more like it!I would certainly stay there again.	
Feb 2 2007 	a really great hotel!!!!	This is a great hotel, no doubt about it. The room was nice and clean, 4 pillows on the very comfortable bed, and a desk area. I did not have much need for contact with the staff, but they were pleasant and helped when I asked.The location is a slight issue, I would rather be on a bus where I can see scenery, rather than on the tube, but from the hotel it was nearly an hour ride to Tottenham Court Road station. On the tube it was about 20 minutes, so unless you have time to waste, it is a better bet underground.You are able to adjust the heating and a/c yourself, so there are no temperature issues, but the window was screwed shut.I would GLADLY stay here again.	
Jan 29 2007 	Fantastic Value	Opinion is divided on this hotel isn't it? I wanted to add my views because I found it to be exceptional considering it's in London. The location was not a problem for us. It's 5-10 minutes walk from Liverpool Street Station and that's the station we found ourselves at because we flew into Stansted. Yes the area's a bit grubby, but most of London is apart from the exclusive areas. I thought it was perfectly safe and pretty quiet.We arrived on a Friday night (late) and got good directions from reception to Brick Lane for Indian food (turn left out of the hotel, left again at the lights and walk until you hit the street that runs parallel to the one the hotel's on.) Brick lane is full of Indian restaurants and we had a good meal there.The room we had was on the fourth floor and was very spacious with a big bathroom. The facilities were excellent and the room spotless. The bed was incredibly comfortable and we had the best night's sleep for months!I checked out and paid and went to find an internet cafe (no service in the hotel if you have no laptop) while my girlfriend finished getting ready. When I returned and sat in the lobby I was questioned twice and had to provide proof that I was a guest. You could see this as a bit of a cheek but I saw it as them just being careful about security. We left bags with the hotel all day and collected them before moving on.It's true the staff could probably be more efficient and personable but I certainly wouldn't complain. Some people seem to want to be saluted and grovelled to. I was perfectly happy that they just got on with the job. The most important thing for me was that I paid £60 for a hotel in London where the room was extremely clean, modern and incredibly comfortable. For that price, who needs a view or anything else? I've paid twice that price for an inferior room outside of London many times.This is the 1st 5* rating I've given on Trip Advisor. I'd stay here again like a shot!	
Jan 28 2007 	Not stay here Again!	1st It's interesting to note this Hotel has dropped in Popularity from 20's when I booked - to 60's. Here's probably why..............We (4 ladies from late 20's to mid 40's) traveled to London for a weekend. I trust Tripadvisor and I'm sorry to say this is the 1st time the reviews were way off (recently more accurate).1. Website said 6 mins from Liverpool st station.... Didn't state that was IN A TAXI !!! Told the taxi driver this and he burst out laughing and said it was much closer to 15 mins walking.2. On arrival we found both our twin rooms were doubles with a camp bed that was unsuitable for anyone over 10yrs. We were told this was 'an upgrade'. They failed to explain how swaping my single bed for a camp bed was an upgrade!!! I said this wasn't what I booked and would not take the room. I was shown two 'non smoking' rooms that smelt of smoke so badly we felt sick within a couple of minutes. The 4th room I was offered was fine. A non smoking twin - which as this was what we'd booked made me ask why we weren't given this in the 1st place!3. Sat morning we needed a taxi and called down to reception to book one for 10 mins later. We were told no problem. We went down to lobby and waited in full view of staff for a taxi that didn't appear. When we enquired where it was we were finally told the Consierge hails them and he wouldn't be around for another 10 mins. Now decidedly late we had to start walking and hail our own. This wasn't a problem but being told this on the initial call to reception would have been helpful! Just more poor service...4. The staff were less than friendly or helpful5. We went walking on the Sunday morning and felt unsafe. There were a number of people looking 'worse for wear' and it wasn't due to alcohol! Really not a great area. Taking into account the good price we paid and the room we finally got being clean and suitable I asked each of the girls would they use this Hotel again...... The answer was a unanimous NO.... NEVER AGAIN. Too far from the tube, unsafe area and poor service.	
Jan 18 2007 	Wonderful	This was a wonderful modern hotel. We were so suprised that our ajoining room was actaully 2 rooms. We thought we only had one room with one bathroom but were surprised when we got 2 connecting rooms for the price of one! We loved out stay. It was so clean and so modern. The only part we didn't like was that we were only staying one night. Location was okay, kind of away from city centre, however, public transportation was very easy. Underground was a short walk away and the bus stop was right out the door. Would stay here again if I am back in London.	
Jan 18 2007 	Loved the Saint Gregory	My boyfriend and I stayed here for the weekend of 12-14 January this year. The hotel is v handy if you are flying into Stanstead as it is a 10-minute walk from Liverpool St station, which is where the Stanstead Express drops you off. I had read some reviews on this where people were giving out about the walk from the underground station to the hotel - but come on!!!! It is 10 minutes at the very most and what we found was every time we walked to it, it seemed to get quicker!!! It is not a problem in the slightest. The hotel itself was v clean and modern. It is located in a financial district in London so the area was quiet at the weekend. We thought the location was great, there are lovely markets down at Spittalfields which is v close by and it is really close to Brick Lane. Also, Liverpool St is on one of the main underground lines so it takes no time at all if you want to do the tourist sites. Our room was a large double with a v nice king-size bed and lovely bathroom. Can't comment on the food at all as we never ate there, our deal didn't include breakfast and we ate out both nights so never had dinner in the restaurant. Only slightly negative thing I'd say is I think we may have been dealing with the receptionist that was mentioned in the last review here - v impatient, frowning, not in the slightest bit friendly..think she was Spanish or Portuguese and she didn't have v good English. But then we also dealt with a v nice Chinese guy on reception who left directions to a football ground we were going to outside our room for us. And all of the other staff seemed nice and friendly. Overall I thought this was a great value, really good hotel. We got our deal for GBP£120 for 2 nights for 2 people, which was unbelievable value for a hotel of this class. Would definitely stay here again and have been recommending it to anyone I hear of visiting London!	
Jan 17 2007	GReat Hotel - Terrible Service	Second Time i have stayed at this hotel, and as before the property itself is truly great, good location, comfortable rooms, all ameneties provided for. Food in the restaurant and room service was great, Good Rate of £99 on Friday night as well. I had not experienced any problems with the hotel until the time of Check in. The woman at reception was UTTERLY useless. Didnt have a good enough grasp of English to be working in a 4 star hotel, unfortunately her colleagues at reception were no better as well. She spent minutes trying to find my name on the system, it was only when i wrote it down for her could she find it. When she finally did find my booking in the computer, she took a pre authorisation from my credit card - which was fine- She then asked the concierge to take my bags to the room, but again he was having difficulty understanding me. When i tried to speak to the house manager, i was told she was on a break. TERRIBLE SERVICE FOR A 4 STAR! The only bright spark in terms of service was housekeeping - very polite and efficient and the bar staff.. again very jovial - great drinks and atmosphere as well. In all honesty i would stay here again, but wud not recommend my american counterparts to stay due to the apparent lack of communication skills or management. R.Trudy	
Jan 16 2007 	Good price Location nor great for tourists	I stayed at the Saint Gregory for one night (Friday) in January 2007 and overall was happy and would return again. I paid 60 (pounds sterling) for a twin room and were located on 5th floor, street side. We didn’t spend munch time in hotel and interacted little with staff, but they seems polite and helpful.When we checked in (3pm Friday) there was a queue of 10+ people to checkin, with only 2 staff at the desk. It was a slow process and I couldn’t help feel they (staff) were not equipped to cope with a large volume of people. But, this is only a small point, and I would be happy to book there again – but only because I want to be in this area and the price is good.Positive things------------------Very clean, comfortable and reasonably stylish Tea / coffee / minibar / safeHotel is close (walking distance) to Liverpool street station and spittlefield marketsLocation is good IF you want to be in this area. Best not for tourists, more for working in this area. Otherwise, you have a walk &amp; tube to get anywhere. Negative things------------------The location (Shoreditch High Street) is far from the major attractionNoise at night from street (people, cars, police sirens) is an issue. Even 5th floor with double glazed windows. Suggest a back of house room	
Jan 13 2007 	If you value your sanity do not stay here	Where do I start? I rue the day I ever came across this hotel with its glowing reviews on Tripadvisor (which, I might add is the first time I have ever had problems with anything recommended by Tripadvisor). A group of us decided in September that we would travel from Dublin to London in December for a weekend. In mid-September I booked two double rooms directly through the hotel website. The next day I found a better offer through another website findlondonrooms.net(same price but included breakfast). I cancelled the first booking with no penalty and received a confimation email that my first booking had been cancelled. My second booking was through findlondonrooms.net and I paid an inital deposit through them. I paid the balance for the booking for the two double rooms to findlondonrooms.net in October which meant I had paid in total for a booking of two double rooms well in advance of our stay. A few days before we were due to travel I received an email from the St Gregory hotel saying that they were cancelling our booking due to the fact that the rooms would not be available because they were having their fire safety system updated and the floor we would be staying on was out of bounds for 2 weeks (coming up to Christmas!). I also received an email from findlondonrooms.net saying the hotel had contacted them to say that we had contacted the hotel to cancel our booking. What ensued was an endless exchange of emails and phonecalls from Dublin to London to try and sort out the matter as it was completely unacceptable for them to treat us this way, considering we had made the booking 3 months beforehand AND PAID IN FULL!! Not only that, but they kept mentioning the other booking which I had cancelled as if I hadn't actually cancelled it. This was a whole other issue in itself. I cannot begin to describe how frustrating, time-consuming and expensive the whole thing was. The hotel was utterly inept and ultimately turned a simple transaction into a complete fiasco.Eventually they agreed to honour our booking. Up to this point I had been considering writing a report of our experience on Tripadvisor but decided I would give the hotel a chance to prove themselves. My brother was checking in on his own as he had arrived separately and it took them half an hour to find his booking. The rooms were clean and fine, if a bit on the small side. The breakfast was pretty good and the price was good. No more and no less. I feel I must point out that we had a look around the hotel and there were no rooms out of bounds and no fire safety updates being carried out. Interestingly, what was going on was some type of Christmas black tie 2 night conference/ball and we were the few guests not involved. You can draw your own conclusions from this.Notwithstanding the fact that we had obviously been lied to and messed around I decided to let it go and that as we were perhaps unlucky, I would not write a negative review on tripadvisor. However, today my husband's credit card bill arrived and guess what? We've been charged AGAIN directly by the St Gregory hotel for our 2 night stay in December, except at a higher rate. I have tried calling the hotel and they are not even answering their phones. At this stage I feel like I am facing into the same thing I went through before Christmas ie. endless phonecalls and emails and wondering if we'll be refunded the money taken off off my husband's credit card (without his authorisation I might add - when we checked in we were told they needed a credit card swiped so they could charge for incidentals such as the mini bar etc). I must add at this point that findlondonrooms.net were very helpful and their customer service was excellent. They were the only good thing in this whole sorry mess.On the basis of my truly AWFUL experience at this hotel, I would gravely warn anyone against making a booking there. Any saving we might have made through the prices being reasonable has been well and truly wiped out by double-charging and headaches. Save yourself the grief and go elsewhere.	
Jan 4 2007 	Lovely hotel.	Stayed here with a few of my friends for a girly weekend away in November.The hotel was lovely. It was very modern and clean. The rooms were a good size and nicely decorated.Service from staff was also very good.Only minor was the location. There didnt seem to be much around and it seemed to take at least half hour to get anywhere (by tube).	
Jan 4 2007 	A gem in the City!	I have stayed here many times on business and absolutely love this hotel.It's a nice 4 star hotel within walking distance (5 mins max) of the City of London, and it's excellent value for the area.The rooms are great, in a contemporary design, (some) with a settee/couch, a desk, a great bathroom, and a mini-bar you can use to put your own stuff in, and all well maintaned, great!!There is a small gym in the basement with treadmills, steppers etc, which is great if you like to keep fit.The restaurant has great view and the food is very nice. There's never many people in there, which I can't quite understand.The only problems I've had has been with Room Service, either they can't understand what you're saying, don't answer the phone or the food isn't that good from them. However, don't let that put you off staying here, this Hotel really is a Gem in the City!	
Jan 3 2007 	Convenient modern hotel	Stayed in this hotel for New Year's Eve with my boyfriend. Hotel is about a 10 minute walk from Liverpool Street Station. It isn't in the most appealing of areas but it's safe and I walked with my boyfriend from the tube station to the hotel at around 4am, no problem. There is a shop across the road and also a Texaco garage nearby. We arrived early to the hotel and didn't expect the room to be ready, but it was, we were delira. Our room was a standard room, it was lovely and clean. Best part of the room was the shower it was so powerful. Only thing that was annoying was the noise we heard when we got back to the hotel at about 4am, I could hear music until about 5am which kept me up. This was probably due to it being New Year's Eve though. We had spent the previous night in the Hilton hotel which personally was much nicer at the same price. Saying that I would stay at this hotel again.	
Jan 3 2007 	Lovely hotel - to be recommended	Got a good deal on the web for this hotel, and delighted that I did.Location is very close to Liverpool Street station, so as with lots of place, whether the location is good or not depends on what you're up to. For me it was great. The hotel is walking distance from Brick Lane, so went for a lovely Indian meal there.The room was large and comfortable. The bed was especially comfy! The bathroom was a good size and shower had very nice water pressure.The bar was fairly quite, but fine. The breakfast was good &amp; plentiful. Great room too on the 7th floor.The staff were friendly &amp; helpful - with the girl who checked us in being especially friendly.So - overall a very good experience.	
Dec 31 2006 	A great find	Location: not bad. Five mins walk from Liverpool St station, so convenient for all tube and rail. Route goes past warehouses, and just a couple of prostitutes visible in the late evening - but it is well lit, no hassle, no groups of yobs or drunks, and I felt quite safe walking with my partner. Slightly surprising location for what is quite a smart hotel, but as other reviewers have noted, this seems to be an up and coming area - maybe they've just got in early to beat the rush!Hotel (general): easy to find, big neon sign outside, easy access with ramp for wheelchairs/suitcases, big airy lobby, comfy bar, great views from the restaurant on top floor. Check-in and checkout very quick. Lifts smallish but fast. Most noticeable thing was how clean it all felt - the hotel is obviously newish, but even so, cleaning staff seemed very efficient. No corridor noise from other guests - you'd have thought we were the only ones there.Staff: very helpful in reception, got room upgrade since hotel was not full, we also saw them making the effort to find maps and leaflets for other guests. They were also fine about leaving luggage for later collection. Bar staff also lovely. Breakfast staff slightly surly and a bit confused - three different waiters tried to allocate three different couples to the same table. Otherwise, efficient. Room: surprisingly large (for London), although wardrobe was small. Bed comfortable, sheets clean, everything worked. Some street noise, but not as much as in other hotels, and it was mostly cars, which died down around 11pm, no drunks shouting, which was nice - earplugs not required, and I'm quite a light sleeper. Bathroom spotless, nice range of toiletries, extremely fluffy white towels which smelt fresh, standard bath with excellent thermostatic shower over. Food: breakfast good value - large range of food, reasonable quality, eat as much as you can buffet style. Cereal and toast/cheese and ham/full english inc. black pudding - all this and more. Quite a small dining room, but with good views. We walked in at 9am and had a choice of tables, others arriving at 9.30 had to wait to be seated, but I don't think it's a big problem (there are more seats round the back, it's just that everyone wants to sit next to the window and admire the view). Dinner menu seemed expensive, and the food we saw being served in the bar looked like all hotel food - stodgy and dull. There are loads of places near Spitalfields market (5 mins away) or near the station, so I'd recommend going out instead. Price: we booked via checkin2, and got a double room for £65 per night inc. breakfast (many thanks to a previous reviewer for recommending the website!) - other sites were offering anywhere from £95 to £155 for the same, so it pays to shop around.Summary: excellent for the price. We'd use it again.	
Dec 4 2006 	excellent clean modern hotel in good location	Me and my Husband stayed at this hotel for two nights on the 1st of December. We found the room to be clean, comfortable and well equipped. The breakfast was also good, a buffet service offering full English, or Continental. Although we found the room where breakfast was served to be quite small, due to this at busy times you could expect a wait of 10-15 mins for a table. The hotel is about a 10 minute walk from Liverpool St, making central London easily accessible.I would certainly recommend this hotel and not hesitate to stay here again, you won't be disappointed.	
Nov 23 2006 	I don't want to rate it too highly...	I don't want to rate it too highly because then i might have trouble getting a room next time!Much nicer than your usual London mid-price, very clean, spacious and friendly. I will definitely return. The little walk to the nearest tube will do you good!Loads to do around this area too - great bars and restaurants.	
Nov 23 2006 	First class experience	I stayed here on business and found it the best I have stayed at in London. Nothing was a problem to the staff. Clean room, fantastic full english buffet on top floor with spectacular view, room service the best I have experienced. Usually room service is just a microwaved stodgy meal - at the Saint Gregory it arrives as it would in the restaurant - superb. It is a 10-15 minute walk to Liverpool Street Station down the main road but even late at night it was well lit and seemed safe enough even for a lone female like myself. Even if I was coming back on a leisure break I would stay here as there is no noise at night and the first hotel I have ever stayed at where you don't here people banging doors or any noise whatsoever in the corridor. I am really fussy when it comes to hotels but I can honestly say there wasn't one thing wrong that I could find with this hotel.	
Nov 12 2006 	Fab!	Fantastic hotel. Absolutely gorgeous and sparkling clean rooms. The only draw back are that it is not in the best location (approx. 15 minutes walk from liverpool street station) and being in the financial disctrict most of the resturants/bars and shops are closed on the weekend.Food and drink at the resturant are expensive, however there is a gem of a resturat (la bella napoli) about five minutes walk from the hotel (towards liverpool street station) that is a must if you stay in the hotel.	
Nov 7 2006 	Luxury I could afford.....	All I can say about any negative reviews about the Saint Greogry is that their expectations re-hotels in London are very different from mine. Yes, it is a 10 min walk from the station and not bang in the hub of the city.....where noise and crowds pervade. But Liverpool St Station is on the Circle line, easily accessible and gateway to the Stanstead Express. It's not the bonniest of streets, but then it is a city street and we can't all have St Pauls at our doorstep. There is still plenty of life about and felt more than happy walking back and forth with young son.No criticism of the staff at the hotel. Courteous and polite from the offset and eager to help. The room was huge, by past London standards!...and very well set out, equipped and comfortable.The bathroom was a delight. I have stayed in some very pokey, dirty, overpriced rooms before in London and it was heaven to come back to this hotel after a hard day &quot;doing London&quot;. I booked through checkin2 and got a very good rate,incl b'fast. Go for this all inclusive, if you can ,as it is wonderful to start the day relaxing over b'fast with a view on the 7th floor. The buffet is good and varied and, again, I found the staff very helpful.I wouldn't pay the £14 that others have mentioned but when you are all inclusive ...go for it!When you check out they will look after your luggage to allow you to return later and pick it up. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay and will be recommending it to others and will return myself...hopefully soon. Shop around for a good deal...they are out there ...and then sit back and enjoy. A hotel in London, within my price range, where you don't just think in terms of a bed for the night....luxury I can afford!	
Nov 2 2006 	Highly Recommended!	This is quite a good hotel. Though it is a little further away (but anywhere in London is accessible anyway), the rooms are very well done, classic, staff friendly and really helpful. Generous english breakfast served at a nice cafe at the top floor of the hotel, bright setting. Value for money indeed.	
Oct 29 2006 	Very Impressed	I have stayed in a few hotels in london on business and pleasure but this is the best yet.Whilst its location might not be perfect for evryone (10 min walk from Liverpool St) it is close to our offices in London.The area aroubd the hotel is in need or some development but the hotel is on a main room so it is safe to walk to it after dark.The room was huge! A large desk and sofa plus TV and table still couldnt fill all the floor spacee. I really liked the modern decor of the room, in fact I wanted to take the art work home with me it was that good. The bathroom was large too, with a very good shower. The heated mirror was a good touch too.Breakfast is served on the top floor so you get view over London whilst you eat. There arnt too many places of note that you can see but it is still a bit different. The food was good and service was very attentive.Whenever I stay in London I will look to see if this hotel is available. It is listed on here as 3 star but that is very harsh, i would put it as a good 4 star (not sure what the official rating is)	
Oct 23 2006 	very comfortable hotel	This is a very modern and comfortable hotel with goodsized rooms. The location is not central , however, but there is a Tube station at Old Street (about 10 minutes walk) or at Liverpool Street station plus lots of buses. On the other hand it is handy for visiting Brick Lane and trying one of the many Bangladeshi curry restaurants and also the Whitechapel Art Gallery, Freedom Bookshop etc. Breakfast is quite pricy so instead we went for a bagel with creamcheese on Brick Lane (two shops next to each other at the Bethnal Green end) and then for a coffee nearby. Lots of bars and clubs in the Shoreditch area but our room (302 ) was quiet. The Barbican arts centre is nearby with many cultural events on all the time. A taxi back to the hotel from there cost £7. Probably a good idea to book in advance and surf the net for a good deal.	
Oct 20 2006 	Clean	Overall the hotel is OK, but we had this problem:We booked the St. Gregory because to the specific question made by email (they replied to the fourth email) they told us that they had WIRED internet access available in all the guest rooms (not freem it costs £12.90 per 24 hour period).We arrived to the room (extra-clean) and when trying to connect to the ADSL plug in the wall, it didn't work. After 4 o 5 calls, we finally could connect. The next morning, we tried to connect and again it didn't worked. Called and I was given about 3 or 4 different answers: a problem with the TV, the wall plug was not working, it was a problem in all the hotel, then a problem only in our room, we'll get it fixed by tomorrow morning...We were starting to consider the possibility of changing hotels when the manager arrived and authorized the transfer to another room (bigger) in which finally, we got a decent wired internet access.	
Oct 11 2006 	LOVELY HOTEL - NO ENGLISH WORKERS THOUGH!	Visited London for the first time in October and have to say was a fantastic experience! Saint Gregory is well out of the city, however if you manage to pay £3.50 on the buses - it takes approx 40 minutes on the bus off-peak to get to picadilly circus. the £3.50 per day is valid for nearly 24 hours. A bargain!The room iteself was clean and when we requested more tea, we managed to get it within seconds! We requested a twin and got a twin - there were more pillows available as well.It is about a 15 minute walk from Liverpool Street Station.Overall, I woud return!	
Sep 18 2006 	Good hotel but not too convenience	Saint Gregory is a good hotel in London Liverpool street. However, it's not too convenience as it takes around 10 mins walk to reach both nearest Metro stations (Liverpool Street Station and Old Street Station). But with no doubt, the hotel itself is clean and tidy. The room is far larger than I expect and the breafast is defintiely great compared with other typical expensive 'continential breakfast'.	
Aug 29 2006 	Great time	Me and my boyfriend stayed at the hotel for 2 nights over the bank holiday weekend. We had a fantastic stay in London. The hotel was stunning and the best i have stayed in, ever. Our room was massive and we got it very cheap at about £60 per night booked on lastminute.com. We did not buy the breakfast as we thought it was a bit of a rip off at about £14 each, and was a continential breakfast. The hotel is about 10-15 minutes walk from Liverpool Station, which we walked to and from about 2-3 times a day, so that was fine. You can jump on the bus just outside, this costs around £1.50.We had a great stay at the hotel. There are some bars on the main street, but we headed down to Brick Lane, and went to a club there. (seems to feel a bit studenty) but were only young so enjoyed it very much. i would definatley go back again.	
Aug 20 2006 	I like the Saint Gregory very much!	I like the Saint Gregory very much. This is the second time we have stayed here; it is usually possble to get a good deal. On this occasion, we paid 135 GBP for 2 nights (Fri/Sat) bed and breakfast (reserveahotelonline.com) - I believe that this is remarkably good value for a quality 4 star hotel in London.The room is a decent size, very clean and well appointed. It is quiet and air conditioned. Facilities include tea/coffee/chocolate, in-room safe, and complimentary newspaper at breakfast. The breakfast is very good - super cooked breakfast, cereals, yogurts and fruit, although a somewhat limited selection of bread, cheese and meat. Great view from the restaurant overlooking the City.There is one drawback of the Saint Gregory - it is not centrally placed for the 'centre' of London, although the value it represents easily offsets this. Since we travel into London by train and arrive at Liverpool Street station, it is convenient in this regard (the Stansted Express trains arrive at Liverpool Street station). There is a bus stop just outside the hotel, and buses take between 20 and 30 minutes to reach central London (London traffic permitting!). Alternatively, Liverpool Street station is about a 10-15 minute walk, from where you can catch the tube.The Saint Gregory is definitely at the top of my list next time I visit London!	
Aug 18 2006 	Wow!!!!	This hotel is absolutely beautiful! We were amazed that we could find something so lovely at such a fabulous price.Reception was excellent, and very friendly staff!Room was outstanding! I would have classed it as a five star withough hesitation.We ate in the bar as it was late, and the food was beautiful and service fairly quick.I will definately stay here again.	
Aug 14 2006 	I stay here every time I come to London	Being in the financial industry, I travel to London often. Every time I have stayed here, the service and staff have been, friendly and attentive. While the rooms have that &quot;modern&quot; look, it is not the antiseptic, can't-get-comfortable feel of many of the more modern facilities out there. Easy access to the Tubes and a good centralized location in the City. I enjoy this place and will continue to come back.	
Aug 11 2006 	A GREAT FIND	I stayed here 9th August 2006 for 1 night (98.00gbp inc Breakfast)First Impression: Very Elegant and First ClassLocation:Located on the (A10) the main high street (Shoreditch) with lots of shops/bars/restauraunts within 5 mins walk.Several minutes walk to the train/tube stations and approx 20 mins walk to tower bridge.There is a bus stop direcly outside the hotels doors if you wish to venture into other parts of LondoStaff: Very Helpful and when we checked in the receptionist asked if we preferred a room overlooking the high street or a room at the back of the hotel which was quieter. A nice gesture considering he could have plonked us anywhere.Food: We only ate breakfast in the hotel, which was very nice and the service was excellent. The breakfast restaurant is on the 7th floor. It has floor to ceiling windows which give you a great view overlooking the city of London, a great feature.Car Park - Very secure, under the hotel, slightly annoyed there is a £20.00 gbp charge per day but got the room cheap so it evened itself out.Rooms:We stayed in room 307 (3rd floor at the rear of the hotel)The room was immaculate..............and so was the decor.The bed was very comfortable, there is a mini-bar which has reserved space for your own beverages to keep cool. The room was equipped with a mini-safe and also has air con (with individual settings) which is ideal in the summer months.The televison has several satelite channels (music/news) along with the standard channels (bbc1,bbc2/itv/ch4/cha5) .The bathroom was hugh and the shower/bath has several heat settings, which took a few minutes to work out.The hotel was either empty or it is so well sound proofed as we never heard anyone else whilst we we in our rooms.Summary:This is the best hotel i have stayed it to date.Very clean / Elegant and would definatly reccomend it to others.If you need any further info - mail me - paulb1983@hotmail.co.uk	
Aug 6 2006 	Great find in London	I came across this hotel by accident, the room was really great, comfy bed, big bathroom. The breakfast was nice too. Whilst the neighbourhood was further out of town than I wanted to go, it was worthwhile, I would highly recommend it.	
Aug 4 2006 	A true Gem in the heart of London	This has too be one of the most amazing hotels in london. A supremely decorated and new hotel, located in the heart of the City, within close proximity to Liverpool st, Old St and Hoxton. Disregard the reviews about the area, This is THE Place to be. I am a single woman and i walked at 3 am on my own without any problems at all. The hotel has an amazing restaurant and bar with really good food. The breakfast was very good, there was a large variety and ofcourse was the Full English type. This place is very refreshing to the dull old hotels you tend to find in London. The lounge/Lobby is spacious and bright, the rooftop restaurant has floor to ceiling windows, with spectacular views of the Gherkin and Canary Wharf. My room (i stayed in 229) was one of the biggest ones i have stayed in in London. They are doing some really good offers for summer as well I would definately recommend this to everyone!	
Jul 28 2006 	Heaven on Earth	The hotel was excellent even on first impressions. It was extremley clean and the reception staff was exceptionally helpful ensuring a swift check-in. When we arrived in our room number 604 we were overcome by how excellent it was. The hotel was centrally located about 20 minutes walk from The Bullet. The Head Conseiarge Alan was exceptionally helpful. We were looking for a Chinese resteraunt and he came over to us and recommended the Little Hunhoi which was located about 5 minutes away on Curtain Road. The food was imaculate. The breakfasts were also very good. I would definately stay here again. Overall well worth the money and a very enjoyable stay.Shaun and Steven Murray, St. Helens Merseyside.	
Jul 5 2006	Great hotel	Awesome hotel in East London - about a 15 minute walk from the Liverpool Street station. A little off the beaten path, but in a very interesting neighborhood with great restaurants and shopping, including Spittalfields Market, Brick Lane and Hoxton Square. Hotel is very quiet despite this being a busy neighborhood for bar hoppers on the weekends. Had a slight problem receiving messages sent by my colleagues, which doesn't bode well for a business hotel, but I eventually got the messages (a day late). Otherwise, hotel was great - very modern with beautiful rooms. Breakfast is quite pricy, though, so plan on eating elsewhere. Also, the cafe in the lobby is rarely staffed.It was a wonderful stay for the great internet deal we received (including one free night).	
Jul 1 2006	good hotel	we stayed here a couple of weeks ago, on the 16th of June i think it was. we wer eonly here for one night.the check-in was pretty easy.the room was small but above average with a lovely duvet (not sheets and blankets) and nice bed. the decor was really nice too. there was a really great tea and coffee making facilities which had hot chocolate too. the bathroom was nice and the shower was very good with lots of hot water.it was 29 degrees celcius the day we arrived so the air conditioning was much appreciated.the only downside was the 15-20 minute (you cant walk fast in the heat!)walk from the tube station. but there are buses right outside and you get a transfer ticket if you go on another bus within the hour. we were lucky that there was a bus (number eight) that went from outside the hotel to victoria station which is where our train of the airport left from.all in all a lovely hotel.	
Jun 24 2006	Excellent find	Excellent hotel, well maintained and good decor.Some of the reception staff could do with checking the room type you requested prior to putting you into the wrong room and ensureing they unlock the minibar when they have already swiped your card, this is the only area where this hotel fails	
Jun 21 2006	Lovely	Really enjoyed my stay - was a business trip but would stay there for pleasure too.Lovely decor and very modern.Staff a bit inexperienced tho and this would have got on my nerves had I paid for the accomodation myself!	
Jun 11 2006	great price and comfort. Shame about the restaurant	I stayed in this hotel in May 2006 on a city break with my mother.Location is close to Liverpool Street Station, though it is about a 10 minute walk if you're carrying heavy bags. Buses do run straight past the hotel, so if you have mobility problems, hop on one of these.The hotel is smart, clean, and professionally run.Our room was a twin, a very good size, with a decent sized bathroom too. Couldn't fault it.We didn't have breakfast in the hotel, but we did eat in the bar one evening, where service and food were very good.My only disappointment was that the restaurant was closed for the duration of our stay. Despite posters in the lifts advertizing the great food and view, there was no notice that it was not open. We had to ask at reception after trying to get in through the locked door.I would recommend this hotel to all travellers	
Jun 7 2006 	A welcome retreat	I stayed in this hotel last weekend and I was very impressed from the moment I entered the lobby until a porter held open a cab door for me the next day, having hailed it for me.I arrived at the end of a very stressful day and was greeting with warmth and kindness. I had asked for a quiet smoking room when booking and that is what I got. The room was really nice, clean and fresh. The bathroom was great and had lots of towels and toiletries for my well earned soak in the bath. The bed was really comfy too. It was a nice surprise to get internet access via the TV - pricey at £5.99 per hour - but well worth it when on your own and you want to check up on things back home.For the warmth of its welcome, its attention to what I had booked and for great room facilities, I will be back again and again.	
May 24 2006	Great location for nightlife!	While the St. Gregory hotel functions primarily as a business hotel, it happens to be in one of London best nighlife areas, Shoreditch and Hoxton. I spent a long weekend there and booked an unbeatable weekend rate through their own website. The discounted rates were so much lower than any similar hotels in Soho I felt like I found the hotel bargin of the century. Even better was being able to walk (stumble!) back home from a great night out without having to pay for an expensive taxi. One note, the hotel likes to keep the windows closed and locked. I prefer to get some fresh air even if the road outside is a bit noisy. I called to the front desk and they promptly sent someone up to unlock the windows. I know that Shoreditch is a bit gritty so the area isn't for everyone but for someone looking to take advantage of one of the world's most unique nightlife areas, St. Gregory can't be beat.	
May 5 2006 	Good Choice for Reasonable City Hotel	I have stayed at this hotel many times now when having to stay in London for work purposes, and have always found the hotel to be excellent value for money. Breakfast with views over the city is very good, and the staff are very friendly. The rooms themselves are very trendy, and comfortable. Tourists be warned, this hotel is in Shoreditch which is not excatly the most salubrious part of London (basically, don't wander around late at night, drunk with your wallet hanging out!), but you are only a 5min walk from Liverpool Street which is much more tourist friendly.All in all, an excellent value for money hotel.	
Apr 28 2006 	Excellent London Hotel	I stayed here with work for one night mid week. Check-in was quick and the service was friendly. The room was large and comfortable and the bathroom was excellent with a really good shower. Breakfast was spot on with fabulous views over London. Nearby Brick Lane was good for a curry too. I would definitely stay here again and will recommend it to family and friends.	
Apr 18 2006	Excellent Hotel	Stopped here for a night last September. We didn't spend much time in the hotel but the rooms were excellent (nice and cool on a very hot day) and it's in a great location, not far from Brick Lane and Spitalfields. Staff weren't overly friendly but that's par for the course in a Central London hotel! Worth it if only for the view across the city whilst eating breakfast.Mike, Liverpool	
Apr 17 2006	Good value for money	I stayed for one night (room only) and was impressed with both staff and room facilities. Reception and room service staff were very polite and helpful. The room at the online weekend rate of 69GBP was great value for money. It was very clean, comfortable (especially the bed) and tastefully decorated. The hotel is in the heart of trendy Shoreditch and is a short walk away from Liverpool Street station and also very near Old Street, Great Eastern Street and Brick Lane - all buzzing with great bars, clubs and restaurants. Although it is primarily a business hotel I would recommend this hotel for short stays in London and would definetly use it again.	
Mar 20 2006	Good but needed a robe	I stayed at this hotel on Saturday night. I requested a quiet room via Lastminute and they actually listened to my request and put me in a room at the back of the building as the hotel is on a main road. That was a very good start, and the room was very clean and quiet. Receptionist who greeted me in the evening was lovely. My only pointer is that I thought they could of done with a robe and the towels seemed to be of poor quality also they could of improved the bathroom products. Other than that, I would recommend staying at this hotel as it is very clean, fresh and bed very comfortable.	
Mar 17 2006 	OK - nothing less nothing more	Stayed here for a couple of nights with my boyfriend who had been sent on a course in the nearby business district. It is basically a business hotel and I would be disappointed if I had booked it for a weekend break or something as there are much more interesting places you can stay for less money. It had all the facilities you need but I think the service could be improved. The staff seemed a little odd - not overly unpleasant as such, just quite distant &amp; a bit dazed! It was quite hard to get anything done as they are all different nationalities and there are lots of communication problems between staff and customers and amongst the staff themselves.The location is good for business travellers and you are only minutes from Liverpool Street Station. There are lots of pubs in the area but most of these were very busy and business orientated (lots of drunken &quot;suits&quot;, especially on a Thursday night) and wouldn't be much fun if you just wanted a quiet drink.A couple of the pubs were just awful - tacky, sterile, sub-wetherspoons type places - but we did find a bar nearby (think it was called Prague maybe??) which was really small, intimate and funky. Not a huge choice of restaurants considering the location, but a few really cool places stood out and if you wander around for a while you will find somewhere you fancy eventually. The room was very pleasant - clean, spacious, nicely decorated, lovely bathroom, tv, mini-bar etc in short - all the facilities you need/expect from a business type hotel. As neither of us was paying, we can't complain too much and the hotel is pleasant and more than serves its purpose as somwewhere to sleep &amp; shower, but I personally prefer places with a bit of character and in a more interesting location.	
Feb 27 2006	ok but horrible service	the interior was nice and modern. i agree with the bed. the bed was indeed comfortable and fluffy. the location..i still can't determine if i liked the location or not. a 5-10 minute walk to the nearest tube, but surroundings were not that great. however, the service was horrible. very distant, cold and just very bad. i had to jump around and wave my hands dramatically to get someones attention. Restaurant was a rip off. don't eat there!	
Feb 13 2006 	Second time around and very pleased	I have just stayed at St Gregory's for the second time in the last twelve months. Check in was a little slow since the women I was dealing with was a trainee. However apart from that the whole stay was great. I agree that you should shop around on the internet for a competitive rate - I booked at short notice through HotelsRus[-] and paid £90 inc breakfast.I have just booked up for my third stay in May 2006 - let's hope that it will be business as usual.	
Feb 6 2006 	Excellent City choice	The St. Gregory is relatively new, and the room was impeccably clean, bathrooms were modern, with Villeroy &amp; Boch fittings. Shower controls confusing for those not familiar with the European style. Room had safe, trouser press, coffee maker &amp; minbar. Rooms extremely quiet - mine was on the first floor overlooking the road, but very little noise; never heard the neighbours.Public areas very bright, modern artwork. The 7th floor restaurant is great, with terrific views. Buffet breakfast perfectly acceptable. Staff are very pleasant - mostly all from somewhere in Europe. Strongly recommend that you research rates before booking - I had the bizarre experience of getting a room for a visiting friend and being told at the front desk that the rate was 112pds while I had seen the hotel's website advertise at 69pounds. So, a 10-minute trip back to the room and onto the Internet saved me 40+ pounds. This is not customer service. The location is great for City access and Liverpool St, and the hotel is much better than the nearby Thistle Barbican and the Holiday Inn. Area is very up-and-coming around Hoxton, with excellent retaurants like The Apprentice. To Londoners, this area is fashionable, to others, it's still a bit &quot;edgy&quot;.	
Jan 27 2006	Good city option	Stayed for the second time at the St Gregory this week. The rates are competitive (from £98) and there is parking on site (additional charge). From the outside the hotel looks overlit and not particularly welcoming. Once inside the rooms are pretty good, reasonably large, modern contemporary with nice bathrooms. At weekends I would advise that you stay on the upper floors as it can get noisy.Lots of choice of bars and restaurants within a few minutes of the hotel. We had some great wine and platters in a very relaxed bar and restaurant called Cru. Great way to wind down after a hard day.Only downsides with the Gregory seems to be the rather steep internet rates (minimum charge of £7) and the rather poor breakfasts. To be fair they put some effort into the food but the melon balls tasted like radishes, the cold meats and cheeses were curling at the edges and the hot dishes had been sitting too long under the lamps. Oh, a word of warning, if you're feeling a little fragile in the morning take your sunglasses to breakfast, the views are great but the windows can make breakfast a very bright affair!	
Jan 24 2006	Good hotel in a great area	A more than adequate hotel in a great part of town. Whilst Shoreditch may not be ideal for those of a certain age and nationality with big trousers and lurid knitwear, it's the beating heart of young London, with excellent bars, restaurants and the world famous Owl and Pussycat pub just 3 minutes walk around the corner in Redchurch Street.There are some terrific galleries too and Brick Lane Market is about 5 minutes away. However, if your idea of culture is Starlight Express and a visit to Leicester Square then perhaps this is not for you.	
Jan 12 2006 	Nice clean hotel with good rooms and a comfortable bed...	I recently stayed at the Saint Gregory and was surprised by the pleasant change it offers as compared to a lot of other London hotels. A nice, bright and airy lobby with very neutral colors and the trendy bar next to it made a good first impression. Upon reaching the room once the check in was done i was once again pleasantly surprised with the room - good sized for a London hotel, sensibly furnished in a very practical style that worked for me. Didnt have a chance to visit the restaurant though I understand the view from there is amazing!!All in all I felt it was good value for money for the 125 quid I paid for my room. Would definitely come back...	
Dec 3 2005 	Nice place OK location	I stayed here last night, a one night stay, so didnt have the opportunity to see and review all the hotels facilities. But i was pleased with what i did see and sampled.I booked the hotel thru the easyJet(-) website and got a very good deal (i thought) at £73 per room (double) inc Breakfast. I got a taxi to the hotel from Liverpool Street which was £5 exactly. We walked back to Liverpool Street on departure, took us 12 mins, and an easy walk. My colleague travelled to the Hotel from Central London (Covent Gardern) and the cab fare was £13.The hotel itself is modern. Rooms adequate for size, ok storage space, decor modern. Air Con, nice clean modern bath/shwr, Sat TV. Used room service, and they were very efficient. Hotel was full Friday night, but we didnt hear a sound to disturb us from any of the the other rooms. The location of the Hotel (Shoreditch Hight Street) is not exactly what i would call a touristy area, nor is it off the beaten track, as such. Thought some of the adjacent buildings and surrounding are a run down and inner city-esque. The area could be a bit intimidating for some foreign travellers of a certain age and disposition. It seems to be a an arera frequented by a young studenty type popultation of many mixed races. We walked upto Old Street and turned left (Westbound) and found some nice trendy cafe/bars and restaurants, and had a nice meal &quot;Shish&quot;. Which i recommend. Good for a night out if staying over in the city. Not ideal if you are looking for place in a salubrious part of London, all the same i recommend the place.	
Nov 29 2005	Nice Place to Come Home to	After a long day hoofing around London, The St. Greg. was a nice place to come home to. Mattress was so comfy, and though we faced Shoreditch High St, we thought the room was exceptionally quiet. Largely expat staff was very courteous and accommodating. Rooms sparkled, including bathrooms. Fluffy towels were so nice. Great bathtub/shower. Many people in this forum said the neighborhood was &quot;seedy&quot; but I can only presume they weren't urbanites. If you live in a large city, you'll think the 'hood is just fine. It has a real edge and energy and it's convenient--only a few blocks from the curry houses and vintage shops of Brick Road and from Spitalfields and Petticoat Lane markets. Also near restaurants and some shops. Liverpool St. tube IS a COLD 10-15 min. walk--but it's worth it, since several lines (central, district, circle) run through.Breakfast is so-so. Standard buffet fare: toast, rolls, danish, meats, cheeses, yogurts, cereals, juices, eggs, etc. Staff was very friendly, if not somewhat oblivious--but their smiles and politeness made up for everything.Husband (TV aficionado) was somewhat disappointed with the cable. (I thought it was OK.)Hints: DO keep your &quot;DO Not Disturb&quot; sign on the door at all times. A staff member came in after only a brief knock--without giving me time to ask &quot;who is it?&quot;If you need a wake up call and it's urgent, DO let the front desk know. (We did not get one wake-up call one morning--so when we informed the staff of this, the next day when we were flying home, we got a wake-up call AND a follow-up phone call, just in case.)DON'T buy Time Out London, Newsweek or InStyle magazine before you go, b/c they offer them at the reception for free!DON'T wait for the breakfast staff to pour your coffee or tea--just get up and pour your own.	
Nov 29 2005	Great!	I spent a extended weekend at the Saint-Gregory in November 2005. Considering the reasonable deal we got (150 Swiss Francs/night for a double room, approx. 100€ or 115$) we were extremely satisfied with the hotel: very modern, absolutely clean, perfect confort, rooms of good size compared with London standards, friendly staff... The only drawback is the location, walking there from Liverpool Street station is indeed a bit too long, but there are at least 5 bus lines departing from the station and stopping on the hotel doorstep.I read many complaints from Tripadvisor users about the slow service at the breakfast buffet: on weekdays, with a limited staff, service could be a bit faster indeed, but on weekends, we found the service impeccable and friendly.I definietely recommend this hotel for those who would like to spend some quality time in London for a reasonable price, avoiding the city's famous &quot;flea-pits&quot;!	
Nov 20 2005	Apalling!	Booked through Travelocity considerably in advance of stay. On arrival after more than 20 hour trip was advised that hotel had sustained flooding in certain rooms and that they were going to accomodate me in a considerably inferior hotel, remote from the location I had specifically requested. Other guests arriving simultaneously were checked in and when this was queried, I was advised that they had booked earlier than me!!Attempts to discuss with manager were obstructed. Will certainly not be staying at the Saint Gregory in future!!!	
Nov 19 2005	Loved the saint gregory	Just come back from a nights stay at the Saint Gregory. I took my 15 year old nephew to this hotel and we were really imprssed. We paid £73.00 for the two of us and this included full English breakfast. The room was very large and very well equipped. Just 10 minutes walk from Liverpool Street station- which wasnt a hassle at all. The hotel restaurant was excellent and the food reasobably priced. Plenty of choice for breakfast from cooked to continental. The saint bar was really good and fairly reasonably priced. No moans at all.	
Oct 18 2005	Nice little hotel perhaps ahead of the times	First of all, if you can walk from the Liverpool station to the Gregory in 10minutes, you are ready to break the 4 minute mile. It is a brisk 15 minute hike,but it looks as if they are building an underground stop, just a few blocks away.The neighborhood is a little seedy, but that, too, is a work in progress. Thingsare changing, and the St Gregory will be well-positioned in a couple of years.Great internet rates, breakfast included. Lovely views from the 7th floor Globe restaurant, food in the morning was OK, service non-existent,(I was not therecipient of the coffee pot on the table, and our cups usually empty) All inall, very clean and nice, and stay here while the rates are reasonable, Itsonly a year old.	
Oct 3 2005	a gem of hotel	We stayed in this hotel for one night and i was pleasantly surprised by it. the location is not exactly central as it is near liverpool street station, BUT the underground trains run all the time into the centre of london so quickly that before you know it, you are on oxford street. the hotel itself is about a 10 minute walk for the station but if you are not sure of the location., there are lots of taxis to take you there.The hotel itself is bright, new and airy. i had no problems with check in. we arrived brfore the check in time, but they happily checked us in and also gave us an option of the front or back of the building. The back is very quiet. The rooms themselves are a good size, the bathrooms are large and very spacious, with a great shower! The beds are comfortable and in all, the rooms are great for the price. There is also a safety deposit box in the room to keep those valuables in.I booked it through easyjet and it was great as the breakfast was included in the price(around £70 a night). you get to eat on the 7th floor, looking out over the sight of east london and the choice of breakfast is extensive. There is fruit, cooked breakfast and also bread/croissants for the continental breakfeast eater. All in all, good, clean hotel at a good price for London! i would go back there again	
Oct 2 2005	Good deal on double room with breakfast	This rather new 4-star is oddly located in the middle of a very scruffy east London neighbourhood at 100 Shoreditch High Street, but its charms should NOT be overlooked (Tube: Liverpool Street, then it's a good 10-minute hike to the hotel.) We booked a twin room for 3 nights through Direct Hotels in April 2005 for our September arrival. Breakfast was included. Price: £324.00 ($752.72 Canadian). Rooms are modern without being cold (creams, browns and cinnabar), with a most elegant marble and glass bathroom. Extra points for the super shower; it was like standing in a gentle rain. Our room was at the back so there was lovely quiet and minimal views. The jewel in its crown is The Globe Restaurant on the 7th floor. Two walls of glass face west and south. Over your all-you-can-eat hot-and-cold buffet breakfast with fresh-squeezed orange juice (for which walk-ins pay a steep £14.50), you can see St. Paul's and the 'gherkin' down the road. They get further extra points for leaving the pot of delicious coffee on the table. We returned to the restaurant for a delicious dinner for two with 3 glasses of house wine each. Price: An astonishing, jaw-dropping £46. I had sumptuous pasta carbonara, luscious with cream and Parmesan, while my guest had a perfectly-grilled steak. We both had a calorie-rich chocolate dessert. The menu is short but good, and the wine list is quite compehensive. The night view of twinkly London is absolutely superb, as is the service. Most of the waiters are Spanish Don't miss it for dinner as prices are sure to go up.Watch out for the hotel's taxi service. They will try to pawn you off onto their own illegal drivers. Flag down a cheaper black cab instead.Would I return? Yes. Staff are pleasant and helpful and the bed was extremely comfy. There is a general air of cleanliness and care that works for me.	
Oct 2 2005 	excellent value but staff need training in manners!	I was booked int the St Gregory for two nights. On arrival check in was quick and the reception staff were very pleasant.The room was very comfortable and spotlessly clean. The hotel bar had a pleasant ambience.The view over London whilst having breakfast almost made up for the rudeness of a particular member of staff.My main issue is the hotels complaints procedure. I made a serious complaint whilst there and was asked to make a statement regarding that complaint, by the hotels Operations Manager.I am still waiting for them to get back to me almost two weeks later.Unfortunately my experience has put me off ever staying there again, even though the hotel has a lot of plus points.	
Sep 30 2005 	Not bad but expensive	Stayed at the St Gregory for a couple of nights recently whilst on a training course. Chose the hotel due to its general location close to Liverpool Street tube (about 10 mins walk) as I needed the Central Line.In a nutshell the hotel is quite nice. My room was an Executive Double so cant comment on other rooms but found this room to be fairly spacious and very well decorated / maintained.The bathroom was quite luxurious and very clean but was let down by a poor shower (is a glass screen too much to ask for instead of a curtain) that had very little water pressure. This may seem picky but when I am paying over 100 a night I would expect to be able to have a nice shower after a sweaty journey on the tube.I didnt eat at the hotel as the food prices are outrageous. £14 for a breakfast!!!! Unacceptable even for a hotel.The general area around the hotel is not very nice. There are no nice places to eat and the area is pretty run down. I would suggest eating in the centre of London and then coming out to the hotel to sleep. Also there is a LOT of noise that comes from Shoreditch High Street even with the windows closed (they wouldnt open) so again if prime sleep is a key factor you may well be better off going elsewhere.Summary .. nice clean hotel, spacious room, food overpriced, local area could be better.	
Sep 25 2005 	Ok if getting a good internet deal	In a nutshell Very slow check in and check out (mine was 30 minutes). Pay when you arrive if you can then just give your room key card to any member of staff and not have to queue when checking out.Lots of foreign staff (english not great if you have a problem that needs sorting)Bum fight for breakfast (slow clearing tables and replenishing the self service food) Housekeeping came into my room without knockingIf booking though an internet company ring Saint Gregory the night before to make sure the hotel have your booking on the hotel computer to aid your check in as I saw many guests have the same problem I did, which seems to be the hotels fault every time.The shared areas i.e lounge section is not very welcoming more of a check in and taxi waiting area.Good pointsGood if you get a cheap internet rate My bathroom was lovely 5 min walk to Hoxton Square in Shoreditchfor trendy bars.	
Aug 8 2005	Thumbs Up for the Saint Gregory	Ok, so it's a while since I stayed here but I literally only discovered this website yesterday. What can I say about this hotel? My friend booked it through lastminute[-] and having never booked anything online before I was a bit wary. Nevertheless the website looked fairly encouraging. We arrived at about midday on the Friday afternoon and were able to park the car in the underground car park and leave our luggage until we returned that evening. Other reviewers are right to mention the fairly expensive cost of parking here although I would rather pay it than leave it to chance on some of the side roads. It's true to say that this hotel is not in a very desirable area and in fact looks totally out of keeping with its surroundings but both from the outside and inside it's an impressive building. The whole decor was minimalist and the lobby was clean, bright and uncluttered. The staff were helpful at all times and the concierge could not have been more accommodating. We'd ordered a twin room which was clean and large and the bathroom was immaculate. We also had a bucket of champagne on ice waiting for us (but I assume that must have been a website deal!). During the day we felt perfectly safe walking the 15 or 20 minutes to Liverpool Street Station - at night we caught a cab. To be honest, I would do that in any major city late at night as it's common sense at the end of the day. Neither my friend nor I are big eaters although we both had more than enough at breakfast time - my one gripe was that the staff in the dining area weren't always particularly quick off the mark. They weren't unpleasant though - I just took it to mean they were a bit rushed off their feet. The views from the dining area were impressive - you get a great view of the 'Gherkin' building! For the weekend we were at the hotel we were literally only there first thing in the morning and last thing at night but we were there long enough for me to immediately decide that if ever I need to stay in London again the Saint Gregory will be top of my list. I really couldn't fault it as it was a most enjoyable stay, made all the better by the helpful and friendly nature of all the staff we encountered. A definite 10 out of 10!!	
Aug 4 2005 	Nice room for great (online) price	Getting 4 days for the price of 3 online (using TripAdvisor's quickchek) made this one of the best values in London. Rooms are well-appointed, bathrooms compare to the best of those in boutique hotels in the US, and staff are friendly. Venture out for food; the restaurant is overpriced, and more importantly, the food was disappointing. A high-priced in-room high-speed internet connection is advertised, when free wireless internet is easily available in the room as well. Walk to the &quot;Drunken Monkey&quot; for excellent dim sum, and around the corner to a great little breakfast spot.	
Aug 1 2005	Little things can make a big difference	Facilities at the St. Gregory were marvellous and although our room was on the first floor it wasn't too noisy with street noise most of the time. Soft and warm finishes to the interiors and everything worked well. The included breakfasts were excellent although at 14 pounds definitely not worth it to buy on one's own. Neighbourhood is a bit run down although its only 3.20 for a cab from Liverpool Stn. and the frequent 26 Aldgate bus stops a 1/2 block from the door. Facilities are gorgeous and the room is lovely.However surprises do exist here. The attitude of the check in staff and the dining room staff was a bit snotty. We wanted to use our comp breakfast on our first day of arrival as we were having an early exit on the last day. It took some time to get this across. We rearranged things in our mini bar in order to accommodate our bottle of wine. This resulted in a 14 pound charge (which was later removed) as this is automatically entered into their system when we took things out and put them back. The final issue was that when the bell boy offered to call a cab for us we discovered he had called a shuttle taxi which normally runs business types to the air ports. When we declined to pay his inflated fare he gave us the ride for nothing. It left a bit of a bitter taste.All in all a great place to stay. A bit off the beaten track being east end and all but staff issues and there policies need a bit of attention.	
Jul 6 2005	Good Value for money	On arriving at the St Gregory hotel we found it very easy to locate, good location to avoid the congestion charges and very close to tube stations / bus stops. Hotel parking was expensive £20.00 per day! The car park directly accross the road offers parking for £12.50 per day (24hrs) - but please be warned it`s not the safest as our car was broken into. The Hotel itself is very clean, the standard room which we stayed in could have done with being a bit bigger - but on the whole very well equiped. On the down side - the Mini bar / fridge is electronically controlled - therfore if you remove any of the items - the charge is automatic - so forget storing your own goods. The beds were nice and comfy - bathroom nice but again very small. The breakfast was of a high standard (in comparison to some other 4 star hotels which we have stayed in). Room service leaves a lot to be desired for.....we rang and rang and rang - with no answer at all, Found it much easier to contact reception - who then instructed room service to contact us - so please be prepared to wait approx 30 mins just to place your order (this happened daily and we stayed for 3 nights). I ordered the Goats cheese salad with chargrilled peppers (stater) - with I must say for £5.50 was very good value. The main courses are a bit on the pricey side so expect to pay around £17.00.Out and about - there is a bus stop directly outside the hotel (buses very regular, particulary london bridge). Tube - Liverpool street approx 5 mins walk away with very easy access to most of Londons major tourist attractions. And various other tube stations also around. 10 min walk to a selection of shops, and 20 min walk to St Pauls.On the whole a very good location if you want to drive and park for the duration - great for avoiding congestion charges.	
Jun 21 2005	Good value - nice standard	A very nice, new and trendy hotel. The deluxe room as we had was small, but well equipped and nice. Service at the reception was OK, but some of the receptionists should learn how to smile. The concergierge was however very serviceminded and helpful. The breakfeast (not included to our great surprise) was not good value, as the selection of food was limited and the price was stiff.The location was OK, and we really found everthing we needed within a short distance. We also found that walking down Shoreditch high street, over London bridge, and down to the city center (Trafalger square etc.) by the south bank was a really nice trip. Much to look at (Tower bridge, st. pauls cathedral etc.), and lots of nice cafe´s and pubs by the river bank. Alternatively, buses from oxford street and picadilly stop just down the road from the hotel.Overall the stay was a very nice experience, and we recommend hotel saint gregory	
Jun 8 2005 	Business Trip to Saint Gregory	The hotel was very modern in its design which made a welcome change as the area around was contrasting to say the least. No problems to report with the hotel. The hotel was clean and staff were friendly. Rooms were of good standard, again very modern in design. Bathroom was clean and in good working order. Bed was comfortable and the Air Con seems to work fine too ....There is a restaurant on the top floor with nice views of the city. Food was average, menu was a little dull lacking variety, however this was made up as the service by the staff there was great. This hotel was only really let down by the surrounding area, which appears to be run down. I had a short walk to the LS TubeStation (10-15mins). Would stay here again, but only on business trips. Would make a nice weekend break hotel if you got stuck..	
Jun 6 2005 	Convenient for the city and well priced	Modern minimalist with a few splashes of colour. Good sized rooms with space to work. View from the breakfast room is great, the breakfast isn’t. I’d sleep at Saint Gregory and breakfast at Terminus at the Great Eastern Hotel down the road. Very convenient parking for City of London and reasonably priced.	
Jun 3 2005	great room not great location	my husband and i stayed in london on our honeymoon, having booked in at st. gregory when we purchased our eurostar tickets. the hotel room and all of the staff were superb -- it's just that it's location left a bit to be desired. inclusive breakfast was not clear with our electronic booking but was thrown in (perhaps because we were there for 5 nights?). fun to sit in their restaurant on the 7th floor. the main reason we selected st. gregory was because it said it was within walking distance of the British Museum (shame on me for not doing my homework better) --- this was not the case. from what we could assess this lovely hotel is used for business folks, and it sits several blocks from the encroaching financial district (where liverpool street tube stop is). st. gregory still, however, is surrounded by shakey-town, complete with massage parlors, topless bars and boarded up buildings and dodgy folks walking about. we opted to take cabs when we'd return in the evenings simply because it was not worth the risk of walking the .5 miles from the tube stop. i suspect that in the next 5 to 10 years the burgeoning financial district will be at st. gregory's doorstep (and prime hotel real estate), and in the meantime this is just the way it is.i did thoroughly enjoy the hotel, our room (which was cleaned every day even when we asked for it not to be), the bar in the hotel, and the Indian restaurant next door (cheap and decent, but basically empty every time we went -- wonder if it is new?). our bathroom was amazing. EXCELLENT matress. i slept great in the room. the corner shop across the street was a bit upmarket and even sold organic bread (i kept food in the room and can use the minibar frig). seems st. gregory hotel is less than 2 years old &amp; out to make a good name for itself.	
Jun 1 2005 	Great for Financial District...	Picked the St. Gregory as it was closest hotel to Liverpool St. underground in my price range. Undoubtedly, the area is a bit unsavoury - but the fact that it was only a swift 7 minute walk to Liverpool St., and the Stansted Express, compensated for this.Also, hotel is 7 min's from Brick Lane.. excellent Indian Restaurants.Hotel is immaculate. Rooms exceptionally clean and well maintained. Staff were not overly friendly or attentive - but very little to need assistance with.Breakfast is pricey... £10!Try and book through a website that includes breakfast as standard.Hotel is highly recommended for business travellers.. just don't judge it on location.	
Apr 29 2005 	Good hotel poor location	Stayed here twice in April as it is very handy if you are working in the financial district. If you can, request a King room as these are more spacious, with leather sofa, table , long mirror and chest of drawers. The double room I stayed in had none of these. The bathrooms are spacious with good showers but poor quality toiletries, only shampoo &amp; shower gel. If you are a light sleeper, request a quiet room not overlooking the high street. There is a small gym with cardiovascular equipment. I did not eat at the restaurant. The minibar has a handy space for your own purchases and there are tea/coffee facilities. The worst thing about the hotel is the location. It is 10 minutes north of Liverpool St and is very run down.	
Apr 28 2005	Fine	I just needed a bed for the night, close to Liverpool Street Station, and did not really want to pay the price of the Great Western Hotel or Threadneedles, which is why I picked the St Gregory (£120 per night inc tax - I booked direct via their website). This is quite a new hotel, modern and fairly stylish - but located at the bottom of Shoreditch High Street, so the location is not great and might intimidate some people who think that London is all about Buckingham Palace and Beefeaters. I have no complaint and would stay there again if I need a hotel in that area.	
Feb 27 2005	Pleasant and cool		
Feb 11 2005	harrassed		
Jan 27 2005	Excellent value with a few teething problems!		
Dec 7 2004	Beautiful Hotel Bad Location		
Dec 5 2004	A so fine hotel should be more correct.......		
Nov 28 2004	okay but ...		
Nov 23 2004	Pleasantly surprised		
Nov 15 2004	super value for price		
Oct 27 2004	Great Room		
Jun 18 2004	Big thumbs-up		
Oct 29 2009 	Hotel für London Insider		
Oct 23 2009 	Muy bien		
Oct 14 2009 	Increible en Londres		
Oct 11 2009 	Excellent séjours dans un hôtel agréable avec un personnel acceuillant !		
May 6 2009 	Bon hôtel		
Jun 12 2007 	Hotel correct pour voyage d'affaire		
Mar 20 2007	Parfait!		
Aug 12 2006 	Magnífico Hotel		
