	Love the thistle!	I recently visited the Thistle Westminster as part of a group which was organised through my work. It was very cheap due to the amount of people we were travelling with and only cost £150 bed and breakfast and coach travel for myself and my boyfriend. So for me the hotel was very good for it's price.However regardless of the amount I spent, I still feel this hotel is a lovely place to stay. It is the second time I have stayed here and found it just as pleasant as last year. Upon arrival I checked in where I was told all the relevant information (breakfast times etc) and then took my luggage to a room with two double beds in!! (for just me and my boyfriend!) There was also a sofa and facilities to make a tea or coffee which was well needed after a hard days shopping! I do admit the hotel room was very warm however as it was extremely cold outside it wasn't a problem when we stayed there.The bathrooms do seem a bit old and tired however were very clean which is the most important thing when you are only there for a short time.We then walked to the nearest tube station (Victoria) which was approx 5 minutes from the hotel. Victoria is a very central station and any of the key places you would want to visit are minutes on the tube (It was fantastic!).After having a lovely evening at the Tiffany ice rink at Somerset House, we went back to the hotel very tired and ready for a good nights sleep. At about 11:45 we were both woken up by an alarm that had gone off. I was very concerned as it half sounded like a car alarm and half sounded like a fire alarm. I rung down to reception and asked if there was a problem, my mind was put at rest by the deputy manager and after about 15 minutes the alarm went off. About 10 minutes after I rung down we had a knock at our door from the deputy manger who had come to check out the situation and see if everything was okay! (Fantastic service and a lovely man who made us feel our concerns were dealt with appropriately!) The breakfast was fine, not much variety but good quality and the staff pleasant.Overall the hotel has a great location, lovely staff and big rooms. I would definitely return again!	
Nov 23 2009 	Most disappointing Thistle Hotel in Central London	I used to work for The Thistle group and have stayed at nearly all of the Thistle/Guoman properties across the UK and I must say that my recent stay at The Thistle Westminster has been disappointing. Here's a diary of my one-night stay.....I chose to stay at The Thistle Westminster primarily because it is conveniently located within a couple minutes walk from Victoria Station. This is excellent for business travellers such as myself. For leisure travellers, it is walking distance from Westminster Abbey and Buckingham Palace. It is not an ideal location for shopping and dining- you should try Thistle Piccadilly, Trafalgar or Marble Arch if you want to be near Oxford Street shopping and Soho. Easy enough to check-in but there were no personal touches....It was like checkin-in for a flight using a self-service machine. The receptionist could have mentioned what time breakfast was; if we needed any newspapers in the morning or offered a wake-up call.I booked a twin room on the second floor, room 253. I thought it was great that it had two queen bed but was not impressed with the layout- I could hardly open the wardrobe door because there was lack of space between this and the foot of the bed. It was nice to have a couch in the room along with tea/coffee making facilities and an iron. I called both reception and the concierge 3 times in the space of 30 minutes to requesta bath robe. No one answered. I went downstairs to have a cigarette and saw three members in reception gossiping to each other. I gave up on my request. Before I went out for the evening, the concierge was helpful enough to help me locate my destination. I realised my two biggest problem with the hotel later in the evening. The first is the state of the bathroom: the tiles were cracking, the paint job around the shower was poor and the ceiling when you step in to the bathtub is too low for anyone over 5ft10. The shower is old and disgusting.....the latch is very loose and I'm sure this goes against their health and safety policy. My second major problem was the temperature of the room. I'm glad it's wasn't my stupidity that I can't work the air conditioning because another traveller has mentioned this. I turned the air conditioning on and no matter what I did, it offset hot air. I opened the window and opened the window and still it was boiling hot in the room. I must say I'm a sort of person who much prefers a heated room but this was a nightmare for my friend who told me in the morning he had no sleep because of it. On both issues I must admit I should have informed the duty manager. In regards to the shower, I only noticed at 2:30am and thought it wasn't worth the hassle. Regarding the temperature in the room, it was only my friend who had the problem and had he woke me up to inform me of the severity of the problem, I would have demanded to change rooms. In the morning we had our full English breakfast. The staff were friendly and attentive. However there was not much selection in the continental option....like they do at other Thistles. Hardly any selection of fresh fruits. I wouldn't be paying for breakfast here again....it just isn't value for money.If you must go with a Thistle then try the Thistle Grosvenor (which is a 5 minute away) or the Thistle Marble Arch or any of the Guoman properties. The standards in terms of quality and service at The Westminster really isn't worth it.	
Nov 22 2009 	Never Again - Simpy not worth it and a real disappointment	We stayed at the Thistle Westminster this November at the start a holiday to the UK. When checking in we could not get the safe to work so we asked and asked and asked and asked everyday for it to be fixed and everyday we were told that it had been - I suspect that noone ever looked at it. The girl at the front desk looked so confused when I asked her to help - like it was strange to want it to actually work....The room was so HOT! You were forced to sleep with the window open so a very disturbed sleep given the noise outside.The iron fell off the wall when we went to use it.The internet did not work the whole time we were there - you shouldn't advertise something you don't provide.I must admit that we would have moved hotels had it not been for the concierge - he is really good. A very pleasant and professional guy who made the stay bearable.I would never recommend this hotel to a friend - there is much better options out there! It needs a revamp, it needs facilities that actually work and it needs reception staff who care (the concierge is excused from this comment).	
Nov 10 2009 	RE : Unbelievable could it get any worse?	I travelled with my wife to London for a short relaxing break at the start of October 2009. We were staying at the Thistle Westminister and attending a private function on Monday 6th October. Before leaving the Hotel (just before 7pm) that night, I needed an iron and the hotel safe open for our valuables. From our hotel room I rang and rang, then rang some more! but there was no answer from both the hotel reception and housekeeping! I even phoned the main hotel number from my mobile!!! Still no answer. Because the safe was locked and after having been frustrated spending 15 mins+ trying to speak to a hotel member of staff, I decided that a safe place for our passports was under the phone, instead of taking them with us that evening. We had a truly wonderful evening at our function, returning later that night to the Thistle.The following day we checked out at 1pm. Did the usually sightseeing and shopping (when in London) and returned to the hotel at 6 pm to pick up our bags and catch the express from Victoria to Gatwick for our flight home to Belfast at 9.20pm that night. Then I remembered the passports! I told the concierge and hotel Manageress who checked the room, they were gone! The hotel had nothing listed in the housekeepers book! A couple had just checked in, they happened to be in the room and asked me if I would like to check myself, I did, but nothing! Panic!!! REAL PANIC. I then explained that the only person that could have them was the hotel housekeeper! The Manageress tried to get in touch with housekeeping but couldn't! And told me that she didn't want to upset her!? I thought I was hearing things! Did she not understand what I was saying? Unbelievable! I then phoned Easyjet to see if we could travel home without passports?, unfortunately under BAA legislation you need photographic identification! I then contacted the Police and reported both passports stolen. After about two hours and while speaking to the Police they mysteriously appeared, although there was no previous record of them anywhere!!!? The Manageress stipulated that anything found in a guests room is always logged, maybe that excludes British passports! Consequently, we grabbed our luggage and the passports and rushed to catch the Gatwick express! On the Express my wife rang the hotel Manageress at the Thistle who then informed her only after that they were found in the head housekeepers drawer! Passports are very important documents, so why was there no record? The Manageress could not answer this question!Because of the complete mess that only concluded when I spoke to the Police. We missed the earlier Express to Gatwick and consequently our flight back home (to Belfast), for both days that we visited London we had arranged a babysitter for our 4 year old son, the babysitter had to stay another night (having work the next day!). Unfortunately there was no other flights from London to Belfast from any of the London Airports. We then had the extra expense of two more flights home and another nights accommodation, plus transfers two and from the hotel to Gatwick, not to mention the unnecessary stress and annoyance. I felt so strongly about the unfortunate situation I asked my solicitor to forward a letter. The reply was that the Thistle Westminister believed they followed all the correct procedures. Unbelievable! And adding insult to injury the Manager from the Thistle Westminister refused to compensate, or even reimbursing our expenses! As you can imagine, I was angry before this and my anger has been elevated to a much higher level! due to customer service that simple does not exist! Quite simply, appalling! If the Thistle had been sympathetic to this unfortunate incident and covered our extra costs I would not feel so hurt. There is a funny side to this highly unfortunate incident, that I now find amusing and simply had to share with everyone! That is on the Thistle headed paper. the strapline reads, 'the way it should be' .The Thistle may need to reconsider their brand! They obviously don't practice what they PRINT! This irony I feel may have been lost on the Hotel Manager. If this is how they treat customers! I would suggest that anyone traveling to London for business or pleasure simply avoid the Thistle if this is 'the way it is!'	
Nov 8 2009 	ok but been to better for less money	We stayed here for 1 night. Checked in with no problems and cheeky enough to ask for free upgrade for girlfriend's 40th. The room they gave us was very spacious with everything you needed also something we've not had before, a round bed (see photos) quite usual. I do think the rooms need revamping as a little dated. Room was quiet and nice and dark with blackout curtains, always good for us. Breakfast was ok but expensive at £14.95 each. Staff were very helpful and concierge seemed very happy to help. Hotel was convenient to Victoria station, 5 minute walk. Overall hotel was ok but we do think it was overpriced for a hotel that needed updating. Stayed in room 228. Room was quite warm as AC didn't seem to work.	
Nov 7 2009 	Just what you would expect	I stayed here as part of a party to deliver an event to colleagues. The facilities for the event were quite good and staff were helpful enough but needed to be prompted through our needs. There was the occasional 'jobsworth' moment and when asked for some milk for our coffee whilst setting up we were told to visit a local shop!Fortunately this was isolated and on the whole everything went well.The rooms are large but bathrooms are small and a bit 'tired'. This was slightly out of character for the rest of the hotel and hopefully the management will address this before too long. The hotel was quiet but there was significant noise through the wall of my room from what was a service area(?). This happened at least twice (once at 06:30 am) and I was hardly in the room except to sleep. (Room 125).. Not too good.Breakfast was good with food freshly reasonably freshly prepared with traditional choices.	
Oct 30 2009 	Great Location	The rooms in this hotel are quite big by London standards and clean. We were at the end of a corridor so there was little or no noise from other guests, however the room was so very hot even in October (airconditioning was blowing out more heat) that we had to sleep with the window open and consequently a lot of noise from the road outside. The bathroom was also quite tired and most certainly not 4* standard. The cold tap did not work in the bath and there were reported sightings of silverfish in the bathroom by youngest duaghter which were subsequently killed by &quot;daddy&quot;, flaking paint, broken ceiling tiles and mould were also in evidence. On the plus side again the staff were great and the location brilliant.	
Oct 26 2009 	Really BAD service	I ran out of dish washing liquid which they provided so i called reception and the guy said buy it yourself so i had a fight with him so we called room service and they gave us a fresh bottle. then we needed the bed to be changed which they do every 3 days but they thought it would be good to change it to every 5 days. EVERY THING WAS BAD, BAD SERVICE, HOUSEKEEPING, RECEPTION AND ROOMS WERE DAFT.	
Oct 25 2009 	Good location what about the breakfast offer?	I stayed at this hotel last week for one night and chose it for the location as it was convenient for my meetings and for the Gatwick Express - on that front, I couldn't fault it. The welcome was warm and my room was clean and reasonably spacious. Late in the evening I found the TV remote control wasn't working and though I had to leave the phone ringing for several minutes before getting an answer, when reception finally picked up, they were charming and someone from housekeeping came up immediately with batteries - and ont he plus side it was a woman, as I had requested, being already in my pyjamas.This hotel makes quite a point - on at least one website - of offering a full English breakfast free for all stays on Thursday (and other) nights, which doesn't show on the booking and is supposed to be offered at the hotel. Well guess what, not a word was said and I had nothing in my booking to confirm the offer, so I went out for breakfast and have to mark them down on value as a result.	
Oct 10 2009 	nice place but watch the bathroom	the hotel was in a great location. the 2 concierges were a great help'.the bedroom was always clean. we had no problem at breakfast. it is just that the bathroom had a molded plastic towel holder which was screwed to the wall. you could see black mold growing on the wall behind the plastic. having some knowledge of mold from my profession i suggest another type of towel holder and a good scrub with bleach all over the walls.	
Sep 28 2009 	Excellent - Had a fantastic time!	Stayed at the Thistle for 1 night stay when visiting London! The concierge was great and nothing was to much trouble, as i did pester him alot as this was my first time in London!You should never judge a book by its cover, the outside of the hotel I'll admit looks abit shabby, but when inside is excellent!!Rooms were lovely, clean and spacious, and the breakfast was great. The hotel is central to pretty much everything &amp; Buckingham palace took about 15minutes to walk to, and there is a bus stop just around the corner. The only 1 thing i can say was the plug hole, was so clogged up with hair, i refused to use it, this can easily be solved!	
Sep 19 2009 	Room cleaning service terrible; breakfast quality and service very good	My sister and I stayed three nights recently and had booked a twin room, prepaid through our travel agent. On arrival we were shown to a single room, then moved to a twin when we produced our booking confirmation. This room smelled of smoke and was musty. On the first day the room cleaning service was poor and on the second day the room was not cleaned at all and left without toilet paper. When we asked for this and mentionned the lack of cleaning, we were told that &quot;well we're very busy&quot; ! The breakfast, on the other hand, was good and the staff in the breakfast restaurant were very efficient and friendly.	
Sep 14 2009 	Ideal tourist location	I booked a one night stay for myself and a long lost cousin from Canada with this hotel purely because of a special deal in the Daily Mail and it was after I booked that I read the reports on Trip Advisor. It appears people either love it or hate it - I personally found it a perfectly adequate hotel in an excellent location for tourists with friendly and helpful reception staff. Special mention to the friendly and approachable concierge who bent over backwards to help us out.We arrived at Kings Cross, used the underground link from there and got to Victoria underground station very quickly with a 5 minute walk to the hotel on Buckingham Palace Road. You wouldn't see the hotel if you didn't know to look for it but I was more interested in the inside than the outside. A nice clean hotel and we had booked two double rooms which were large, practical and comfortable but not luxurious (see photo's). Each room had two large beds in, with a seating area, plenty of mirors, tea and coffee facilities, a hair dryer, internet conectivity (if you have a lap-top and had to be paid for) and whilst the rooms looked out onto a busy main road, the traffic was minimal on an evening so we weren't disturbed. There were lifts to all floors and experienced no noise problems during the evening from returning guests etc.The bathroom was clean with bath towels, hand towel and a bath mat, the shower was good (didn't try the bath). The ceiling was a bit past it's best but everything was clean and tidy.On a Saturday I think breakfast is served between 7 -11 and we went down around 8ish. We were allocated a table immediately and there was a full range of cereals, fruit, yoghurt, cold meats, fruit juices, full English Breakfast and toast. Tea &amp; Coffee was served at the table. About 8.30ish more people appeared and seating was a bit slower but more than adequate. We both felt the quality, quantity and range of foods avaiable was good value for money.The &quot;Big Bus&quot; open bus tour stops right outside the hotel and the fee (£25 on the day or £21 in advance on internet) is well worth it. The concierge sorted this for us and we boarded about 4ish on Friday and we were covered for use until 4pm on Saturday. You can get on and off at each site as you wish and it included a river boat trip too. We wouldn't have covered half the sights we did, if it hadn't been for this service and we got door to door delivery!Having said that, the back entrance of Buckingham Palace (the Mews) is only 5 minutes walk from the hotel or 10 minutes to the front entrance. On the other hand Westminster is only 10-15 minutes walk away too. If you want a theatre trip, Wicked and Billy Elliot are only 5 minutes walk. But the Big Red Bus can link you to most areas if you are not in a hurry - so again worth its money. I felt perfectly safe walking around the area at night although I had the feeling that all the people in the pubs/restaurants were tourists and not locals.Upon my return I re-read the reviews and noticed that a previous traveller had experienced bed bugs etc in room 239 ....guess which room I was in! Well I think I would have been as annoyed as him had it happened to me but I am happy to report there was no such problem during my visit - obviously they heeded his comments and had it seen to.I was there as a tourist and wanted a safe, convenient location as a base and as I expected to spend minimum time in the hotel - I wanted comfort, cleanliness and an edible breakfast to start the day - all of these I felt I got at this hotel. If I was expecting to spend more time in there then maybe a few more luxuries would have been applicable but on the whole Thistle provided just what we needed for our break and we were more than happy with our bargain break.	
Aug 18 2009 	Good location if travelling to or from Victoria	This hotel is good location if travelling to or from Victoria. Hotel is clean and comfortable with good sized bedrooms which have tea and coffee facilities. There is a good bistro in the hotel and many nearby restaurants. Staff friendly and helpful	
Aug 16 2009 	Comfortable stay; location can't be beat	My family and I spent six nights here, and we found it to be very comfortable -- and the location near Victoria Station (Tube and lots of buses), Victoria Street shopping and Buckingham Palace was perfect for our needs. Not the newest property, but clean and well maintained. Smallish bedroom, but everything was in good working order. Full English breakfast (included) was fairly decent. We felt pretty comfortable walking around the neighborhood after dark. Wireless internet connection (cost: 6 pounds per hour) was intermittent in our room, which was maybe a little too far from the hotel's router. Concierges were very knowledgeable and accommodating, as were members of the housekeeping staff. Nearest launderette was a 15- to 20-minute walk away (we took the bus back). Medium-size grocery store (Sainsbury's) was about a 7- to 10-minute walk away on Victoria Street -- great for inexpensive picnic suppers. Hotel had one computer for public use (for a fee), but it did not seem to have a printer attached. We were unable to get early check in (before 2 p.m.) the day we arrived, but overall it was a very good stay and we'd stay there again in a heartbeat.	
Aug 6 2009 	Grotty looking outside and in!	Only good point of this hotel is the location - Buck Palace just round corner, and just a short taxi ride from River Thames, Leicester Square and theatreland.Stayed in Room 232 - a family room of 2 double beds. Room overlooked very busy main road so was extremely noisy - we had to have window open as was very warm in room.Bed sheets and pillow cases looked grubby and there was what looked like a blood stain on the overblanket. One pillow only each - and they were very flat. Tried to ring housekeeping for extra pillows, but phone didn't work - so took 3 separate trips down to reception before any were brought up! Extra pillows duely taken by maid next morning - so had whole same ritual again for next night. Water in bathroom only warm, and on second night - no warm water even, had to shower in cold water - couldn't ring down to complain as phone still not working. Also, toilet was stained - everything needed a thorough clean!Breakfast was OK, but staff very slow to refill hot buffet. My daughter also found a hair in the hashbrowns, yak!After complaining to a blank looking receptionist at checkout, we were offered 15% discount. We enjoyed our short stay in this busy, bustling city, but would recommend giving this hotel a wide berth!	
Jul 30 2009 	Bed bugs - worst night ever	I stayed in Room 239, and was woken at 3.00am by the awareness that I was sharing the bed with other creatures. These were bed bugs, plus some other bugs which I have not yet identified, but could possibly have been lice. I phoned reception in a state of some distress and a helpful young man named Ali came to inspect the bugs. He apologised and offered to move me and my belongings to an apartment. I turned this down as I had to rise at 6.00am and it was already well past 3.00am; I said I would simply get dressed and give up on trying to get any sleep. Eventually he was able to move me to another room on the same floor so that I could try to get some rest. As you can imagine I did not sleep at all well and returned to my own room at 6.00. I had hoped a hot bath would make me feel better, but unfortunately the hot tap on the bath produced nothing at all. Pausing to take a few photographs, including a delightful view of my own blood spattered across the sheet where I had killed one of the bed bugs, I got out of there as quickly as possible. Clearly this was a horrible night – and having stayed in hotels of all classes around the world, easily the worst I had ever experienced. When I went to check out at 7.30am I expected to be met with profuse apologies and a waiving of the bill, at the very least. In fact I received no apology and was simply told my bill had been reduced by 25%. I offered instead to pay for my meal the previous evening and to pursue the matter of the main bill separately. It took at least 2 weeks before the hotel confirmed that I would not be charged for the night. I now realise (having spent some time looking at hotel review websites over the weekend) that bed bugs are a growing problem in London hotels. The remedies appear to include fumigation of the affected room and indeed rooms above, below and on either side. I would be most interested to know what action they have taken to rectify the situation in room 239. They've never been in touch since, nor apologised.	
Jul 22 2009 	Good location but be prepared to wait for breakfast!	Excellent location, a short walk to Victoria station for rail, coach and underground, easily achievable with a suitcase. Five minutes walk the other direction and you’re outside Buckingham Palace. Hotel staff very friendly, hotel itself looks a little shabby in places but what it lacks in splendour it certainly makes up for in location! But be prepared to wait for a table for breakfast and for food items to be replenished, could have been faster and smoother service.	
Jul 14 2009 	Good Location Good Service	I recently spent a week in the Thistle Westminster, and it was a good experience. The service was good, the room satisfactory, and the location well suited for my needs. The staff was extremely helpful in suggestion restaurants and arranging transportation. As for location, there are a number of great restaurants and good pubs within easy walking distance of the hotel; too, there are a number of tourist attractions in close proximity, and the Victoria Station is only a couple of blocks away. In addition, the food in the restaurant was good. I would return to this hotel.	
Jun 22 2009	Thistle Hotel Westminister London	Mr Hudson from Bedfordshire England. Taking a short break Booked the Thistle from a Offer in the Daily Mail newspaper, The Hotel is clean and comfortable, The room was small but acceptable, and was clean, but be aware that the Hotel is situated on a major cross roads, and the noise could be a problem for light sleepers, suggest you ask for a room at the rear off the hotel this should solve the problem, during my stay the Water in the room was never more than warm on both days off our stay. I contacted Reception with a view to getting re- allocated to another room, i was told it would be looked into, however some time later my complaint was still not addressed, so i returned to Reception and was told that their was indeed a problem with the Boilers and had been for some time so therefore it would make no difference which room i was in. Not being to pleased with the answer i received, i complained again this time to the Reception Manager who said the problem with the Boilers was rectified, clearly this in my opinion is not the case, however it was agreed to reduce the bill by 20%.	
May 11 2009 	Brilliant Location and Top Service	Went to London to see Sister Act and wanted cheap place to stay. Found deal on this hotel and despite other reviews booked it! Found staff all very pleasant and obliging. Breakfast was ample and a huge variety. Room and hotel dated but spacious and clean.Ideall location for touring around London as behind Buckingham Palace.Overall ideal for an activity break like ours as focus on activities not hotel room. But was very cheap and perfect for our needs.	
May 6 2009 	3* hotel masquerading as 4* - Abysmal dining	As part of our Ruby wedding celebrations my wife took me to see Oliver and arranged an overnight accommodation to make it a special event. Oliver was just that - it was fantastic and absolutely worth seeing and a decent 4* hotel would be great - oh dear! Read on. The Thistle Westminster hotel as part of the package let us down horribly. The reception clean but rather shabby and tired. Lack of staff on reception and so took longer to check in than am used to. Room fairly small with very peculiar layout and very tired decoration. Windows filthy. Bathroom OK but just very old stock. Having read the hotels blurb decided to book the restaurant for a special evening meal after our matinee show. This is the first and only time that I have ever had to send food back to the kitchen on 3 separate occasions. Ist time Chicken Satay with sweet chili sauce! 2nd time Chicken Satay with sea food sauce! - gave up. Haddock Risotto cooked with cream! - tasted like a rice pudding - inedible. My wife's chips - not cooked and the hamburger pretty disgusting. Only 3 of the 5 mini puddings were OK. All in all a pretty disgusting meal.On return to the room decided to have a long luxurious bath - No hot water.All this in a 4* Hotel - come off it who sets the standards! I should have read the &quot;Trip advisor&quot; beforehand because this seems pretty much like others comments. Once bitten twice shy.The only really + point was the location - 30 mins walk to Charring X and theatre.	
May 3 2009 	4 Star? I don't think so...	Booked a superior double, had to stay in a standard twin. Not conducive to a romantic break. Staff knocked 20% of the bill as they were unable to re-room us. Still pretty expensive though. Staff were apologetic but were very quick to blame the third party website I booked through.Room was fairly grubby (particularly the bathroom - toilet had definitely not been cleaned) and the windows were so dirty they let in very little light. The decor was in a fairly poor state of repair and very dated. Mould on bathroom ceiling and the hot tap in the bath didn't work. Felt like I needed another shower after I'd had a shower.I have travelled extensively throughout the world and stayed in many hotels from two star to five star. Frankly, I would have prefered to stay in a Travelodge than stay here - at least you know what you're letting yourself in for.	
May 1 2009	Shabby and dated with lack lustre staff	Good location, near underground and in walking distance of Palace and Parliament. Disappointing hotel which is obviously cutting corners. Lack of staff on reception and when phoned from the room was never answered. Bathroom was grubby around tiles and shower curtain, water was only luke warm. No air con working and road too noisy to keep window open. Breakfast very disappointing. There are 2 double beds in room and this would make it a cheap option for 4 people sharing. But for a lone person or couple it's not value for money	
Apr 24 2009 	Overpriced and Underwhelming	I recently stayed at the Thistle Westminster for one night on a business trip. The hotel is well situated, close to Victoria Station and for those on a vacation, it's close to some of the major tourist attractions including Buckingham Palace. It also has the advantage of affording an opportunity for time travel back to the eighties. The decor hasn't changed much since then, something I can confirm as I can vaguely remember visiting the hotel back in 1989 with my family. With VAT, the &quot;deluxe&quot; room was close to £200, an obscene price for a room which had one of the worst bathrooms I have ever seen. I wasn't expecting luxury but basic cleanliness and functionality is not too much to ask. The shower wouldn't stay up and was stone cold despite repeated attempts at adjustment. The ceiling was covered in mold. The bath had a mysterious lingering hair. The shower curtain was filthy and the plug socket partially broken and rusting. The &quot;luxury toiletries&quot; consisted of a bar of basic Thistle brand white soap and a small bottle of shower gel and shampoo. The room size was excellent but the decor was clearly exhausted, with stains and torn wallpaper. The staff, particularly at reception, were pleasant and courteous. The breakfast however was simply inedible. The egg was pure rubber and the bacon was the strangest colour I have ever seen. Thistle urgently need to show this hotel some major TLC and it's customers, some respect.	
Apr 22 2009 	Not nice don't go	I stayed at the Thistle for one night, for business travel. I found it tired looking and dirty, particularly the bathroom which had dirt around the bath tiles and an antiquated shower that took several minutes to warm up. The ceiling tiles were broken and the seal around the sink had been clumsily re-applied and was peeling away. There were hairs on the floor in the bathroom and no bath mat but a greying towel. Dinner was really horrible and I left most of it, despite being quite hungry. There was not much choice and so I decided on a simple burger, which was burnt yet still cold in the middle. I had a pesto and goats cheese tart for starter and this had been microwaved and the cheese had become plasticy. I was seated at a dirty table and service was slow. Breakfast was not any better, very basic range and no tea or coffee offered, no toast offered and there was no machine to make your own toast. The deadlock on the door was broken and this is important to me as a female travelling alone. However, I had already changed rooms once and by this time all I wanted to do was to sleep and then leave, also there was no air conditioning but I had to keep the window closed because the road outside was noisy.I stay in a range of hotels for business and leisure and would have been happy with a basic, yet clean, Novotel or Travelodge (and I suspect it would have been cheaper.) This hotel probably makes its money from tourists that will only stay once, I cannot imagine that it would get repeat business. I shall never stay in a Thistle hotel again.	
Apr 11 2009 	Great location; smallish room; service hiccups	I stayed here with a friend 6 through 9 April '09. I The hotel is nicely located, about 10 minutes' walk from Victoria Station (Circle, District and Victoria line underground lines, coaches) with a good number of restaurants within walking distance. The hotel's rear side was very quiet, being situated on a dead-end street (Warwick Row as I recall). The other side faced busy Buckingham Palace Road, where many tour buses parked outside and traffic was heavy.Rate through londontown.com was £125 per night including VAT. Our room, no. 112, measured about 9 feet by 12 feet, and though on the first (i.e., U. S. &quot;second&quot;) floor, was at the equivalent of ground level, facing into a small courtyard that the sun never entered, rather cheerless with a rather overgrown garden and stacked lawn furniture. The overall impression of the room was rather like a cabin on an ocean liner. At one point there's less than 6&quot; of clearance between a bed and a closet, necessitating hefting of luggage over the bed to get it out the door. The room's size was also compromised somewhat by the presence of a rollaway air conditioning unit, roughly two feet square by three feet high, that exhausted through a hole cut into the window (thereby cracking the window, allowing cold air into the room at night, and blocking easy access to the room's desk.) The heating was rather noisy and seemed to overheat the room so we left it off most of the time.There was a good high-definition television with about 10 channels to choose from. Internet access was pricey, at £6 for an hour if booked at the desk (but £5.88 for 90 minutes if you book online directly with btinternet, their internet service provider.) One had to use these minutes within 24 hours, I had frequent difficulties with the wi-fi connection -- dropped signals, slow reactions, etc. and it was difficult to find the internet service provider's &quot;log out&quot; button, meaning that your remaining time would erode away if you weren't careful.During our stay, there were several long waits at reception, usually with only one person behind the counter. One wakeup call was botched -- One night I asked for an 8 a.m. wakeup and the clerk repeated that time back to me. The call came at 8:30. I said to the operator, &quot;You're about a half-hour late,&quot; to which she took exception, saying, &quot;It's noted here as 8:30 sir.&quot; Her attitude seemed to be, &quot;Well, it's not MY fault,&quot; rather than, &quot;I'm so sorry, sir, for the mixup.&quot; A note to the housekeeper for face cloths and replacement of a light bulb over my bed was ignored.Breakfast was the traditional &quot;full English&quot; type -- eggs, sausage, tomatoes, mushrooms, etc. offered buffet style. There's also a &quot;Brasserie&quot; restaurant (entrees typically £15+) and the breakfast room also serves several &quot;prix fixe&quot; meals at about £10 each.This hotel is well located, clean and functional. It offers a fairly good value given its location.	
Apr 5 2009 	Thistle provides a great central location and adequate room.	Adult female traveling with three teen girls-two daughters, one friend. We had two rooms.-as we arrived on Saturday night at midnight, rooms weren't together-or even on same floor (even though we had requested adjoining.) On first night, I stayed in room116 with one daughter while other two stayed in room232. Our room was huge-three telephones, two hairdryers, couch, table,spacious area for lounging and even a dressing room with a dresser and hairdryer--only clock was on television. We had a space heater and a fan--which was wonderful due to the traffic noise and the fact that airconditioning hadn't been turned on yet. Other room had one hairdryer, two telephones, no dressing room, no fan, same clock, and not enough space to roll suitcase between beds and wall. We were unable to call room 232 so I called front desk. Someone went to the room to check telephone. Girls told them they could call out but couldn't receive calls. Service man picked phone up, called front desk, said phone worked. Girls repeated they could call out but couldn't receive. AGain, service person called out, said phone worked. Their way of fixing situation was to move us from room116 too room 233, next door. This was done at 10:30 p.m. Our room, disappointingly, was just like room 232--except no clock even on television. Room was about 1/4 smaller in size and extremely hot. UPon request, we were given a fan for each room. Here are my tips: bring your own washcloth, your own soap and shampoo (theirs are very small and don't suds well,) Internet is ten pounds for 24 hours. Free breakfasts was good--two types of eggs, sausage, canadian bacon, hashbrowns, baked beans, mushrooms, various cereals, sliced fruit, rolls, and lunch meats. I was disappointed in the coffee--it taste instant and the lack of refills on coffee and tea. Later I realized this was the case throughout London.There are two elevators-both worked well, no gift shop, and a nice sized foyer. The location was very close to Victoria Station and several pubs but we didn't find any really nice restaurants close. I would stay here again but would try to get a room like room 116. :)	
Apr 2 2009 	Very disappointing - avoid this hotel!	My boyfriend booked this hotel as part of a birthday present trip to London. On arriving at the hotel I thought it seemed fine...not attractive on the outside, but pleasant on the inside. Our room had two double beds and was a reasonable size. I thought the decor was a little dated however, and not worth the exepsnive price tag.We discovered soon after arriving that the hot water was not working. We went out and came back a little later to find a note under our door explaining that the boiler had broken, but would be fixed witihin 2 hours. We also found that our air conditioning and heating was not working and it was a freezing day. We went down to the reception and said the heating was not working. We were told someone would go and see to it. We were also told the boiler had been fixed and hot water would be back on. After coming back from dinner much later on, my boyfriend and I were both looking forward to a hot bath or shower. I was really disappointed to find that the water was still freezing cold. We also found that a small fan heater had been placed in our room to provide heating. I had a terrible night in the hotel. We could not have a wash and the room was still so cold as a tiny fan heater could not warm it, even when we left it on all night.In the morning, I was really hoping to finally have a shower, but no, the water was still cold. We went down to reception again, and they seemed to view it as some kind of joke, with no apology. The breakfast was badly organised. There was supposed to be a member of staff to allocate tables, but they weren't there half the time, so people were pushing in and sitting at tables instead of waiting in the queue. The breakfast was buffet style and not great, but edible.	
Apr 1 2009 	Pretty Good !!!!	Stayed at hotel for 2 nights in room 111. Check in was easy, just a little waiting. Room was a reasonable size with LCD TV. Nice double bed, nice pillows. Bathroom was clean, but a little dated. Good location just around the corner from Victoria Station. Room was quiet. Had a air-con unit in room ( free-standing), which looked a bit odd, but worked a treat. Had wireless internet, which I was able to use free as I was a BT Broadband user.Breakfast was excellent. Buffett style, with plenty of choice for full English or Continental. Used the resturant on Saturday night, we was the only people in there. Food was OK, but not much atmosphere. A little inpersonal, but who care's? All in all not a bad hotel to be based at. Would recommend the resturant across the road, Noodle Noodle. Nice staff, good prices for the special, and great food. Only gripe about the area, is drinking in the local pubs is VERY exspensive. Might be me though, as I live 'UP' North.	
Mar 27 2009 	Avoid like the plague	Awful. Honestly the worst hotel I've every stayed in, we paid upwards of £120 for a night in a supposedly non-smoking room which stank of smoke, and had no hot water. Complained to the staff who couldn't have cared less, nothing was done about the hot water. The corridors to the rooms are clad with brick (think Vera Duckworths house on Corrie and you're nearly there) - so decor is nothing to shout about either! Generally appalling place.	
Feb 17 2009 	Disgraceful	I booked 2 nights for Xmas shopping in London and wanted a hotel close to Victoria Station (where the Gatwick Express terminates). The room (101) was well below the standard I expect from a 4 star hotel, too cramped, outdated decor and the bed was hard and uncomfortable. The bathroom was simply filthy, the back of the shower head leaked and the hot water was practically absent.At around 6am I was awoken by a frightening wailing fire alarm in the room and the hotel was evacuated, well loads of screaming families running round the poor layout trying to find the fire exit with no help from any staff! We had to wait in the freezing cold street for 45 minutes whilst the fire brigade went in with a hose.When we were allowed back in, the corridors stank of smoke and visibility was quite poor, and to top it all off the fire alarms kept sounding on and off. After this I decided to check out and go to the Hespiria Hotel (which was right next door to the station) and book a room there which was a lot better and ensured that Thistle did not charge me for night number 2.This experience has put me off all Thistle Hotels regardless of what they may be like. Hotel chains must ensure that all their properties are up to the same standard.	
Feb 2 2009 	Great staff good hotel despite the hassle	I have just come back from a weekend at this Hotel with my mother and sister. The first impression was very good and we got a big, deluxe room with 2 double beds and also a sofa bed. However, the room was only set up for two people not three and we had to ring housekeeping for extra towels and toiletries, which arrived promptly. The main problem we encountered was that there was no hot water available for Friday night and all day Saturday. Seemingly road works outside the hotel had burst a pipe and this resulted in the hotel's boiler going out of action. We found out this by talking to the workmen, in the hotel corridor, although the hotel manager did send around a letter explaining that there was a problem. The hotel also has apartments next door and they provided a key for the apartments and you could use the shower there. This was inconvenient but did provide a solution. Water was back up and running on Sunday morning but it was not too hot. I must praise the receptionist Helena, who was at all times very polite, very helpful with directions and suggestions as to where to eat, despite being at the front line for all the complaints. We managed to get a discount on the price and although we requested to speak to the Manager he never appeared. Breakfast was ok, and the usual hot and cold selection. We ate one night in the hotel restaurant, because we were short of time before we went to a show, and we would not eat there again. The chef should learn how to cook a steak, medium rare as opposed to well done. There are some very good restaurants, Italian, Spanish and Mexican within a minutes walk of the hotel and I would suggest eating there. Despite the water issue, (which was not the fault of the hotel) I would stay in this hotel again, (althought not eat in the restaurant) it was very centrally located, really near Victoria train station, and near the Theatres for Billy Elliot and Wicked. It would be possible to walk to House of Parliament within 20 mins. Also the rooms were comfortable and the front line staff very helpful.	
Jan 20 2009 	Modern Budget Hotel	I would say the Thistle Westminster could be compared to like a Days Inn, maybe a little better. I stayed here Jan 14th-17th with 2 of my freinds and we got a room with 2 double beds and a pull out sofa. The room and bathroom were very big, especially for London. We got breakfast included in our room rate and it was well worth it. Breakfast was a buffet of hot and cold items. The hot items were everything that constitued an english breakfast and the cold items were pastries, fruit, cereal and yogurt. This hotel also had a restaurant and pub attached to it. The location was great, about 2 blocks to the Victoria tube station and about a 15min walk to Buckingham Palace, Westminster Abbey and the Houses of Parliment. The concierge was extremely nice and helpful. They also have a luggage room if you come early or check out and want to do sightseeing.I guess my only complaint about this hotel is they charge for wifi, 4gbp for an hour or 10gbp for a 24 hour period	
Jan 19 2009 	Modern hotel	I stayed at the Thistle with 2 of my friends for approx 3 nights. The hotel seems very modern and it's very nice looking inside. Our hotel room had 2 double beds, and a couch that also pulled out into a bed. The layout of the room was a bit weird, as it had a long faux cabinet with mirrors (that were tinted so you couldn't really use them) that took up the majority of the walk way from the door to the beds.The beds were comfortable, and the bathroom was a good size. This hotel also had a shower that you had to step up to get into it, so I wouldn't recommend this if you are older or have any type of physical aliments that would allow you to not be able to get into the shower. The hotel does not have free wifi, it costs 4 pounds for an hour or 10 pounds for 24 hours, and you can buy a card from the front desk. The concierge was very helpful and assisted us when one of our day tours got canceled - he was able to book a new trip right there and then for us.The continental breakfast was good and consisted of your usual &quot;English breakfast&quot; items, in addition to cereal, yogurt, fruit and pastries. The hotel is also about 2 blocks away from the Victoria tube and Coach station, which was convenient. There were also a couple pubs in the area.Overall, I would recommend this to anyone - the hotel is also in walking distance of Buckingham Palace and other attractions.	
Dec 28 2008 	Chaotic	My wife and I stayed here after a trip to the theatre for her 30th. We found the hotel staff pleasant at check-in, and the reception area was clean and well presented which gave an excellent first impression.Our room was very spacious, with freeview TV, very good value for money especially for Central LondonOne thing that spoilt the whole experience was that we discovered in the early hours of the morning that our room was opposite the maids' staffroom - consequently the last few hours of our sleep was constantly interrupted by chatter and maids shouting down the corridor in various European languages. Obviously this isn't a problem with every room but be warned, you may be unlucky like us!The other aspect that wasn't up to standard was at breakfast time. The food was generally good apart from my croissant - rock hard and difficult to cut into! Also we observed that some parties were being given a rack of toast on their table as they arrived but some weren't, including us. So we asked for one, along with a refill of my coffee, but only the toast arrivedOverall, the hotel is clean, spacious and presentable, and as good a hotel as you will find for the price. Most visitors will enjoy their stay, but a handful each night will have their stay ruined by the situation of their room, and for this reason I could not recommend the Thistle Westminster	
Sep 8 2008 	Loved the Thistle Westminster	My husband and I stayed at the Thistle Westminster for 3 nights, during the last weekend in August. Our room was super nice (see photos). The location is perfect: It's right across the street from Buckingham Palace and a 3-4 minute walk to Victoria station. There is a hop-on-hop-off bus stop at the corner.The hotel staff treated us very well, and even let us check-in early.	
Aug 23 2008 	Thistle Westminster	We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in August 2008 having booked through &quot;PriceBreaker&quot;. When we arrived the hotel had had a flood and everything was covered over in the foyer - however it was all sorted and open again within a few hours. For an extra £20 per night we took an upgrade to a deluxe room which had 2 queen sized beds and a sitting area. The room was clean and had all the usual facilities. The iron didn't work but this was okay as a second one had been put inside the wardrobe. The bathroom was in need of updating and we had a problem with the bath. This was attended to quickly and efficiently by some very pleasant staff. In fact we found all the staff to be very friendly, polite and efficient. The location of the hotel is great for anyone wanting to visit the sights of central London. Victoria underground one block away, Buckingham Palace at the end of a short street, and Westminster, Traffalgar, the Strand and Knightsbridge are all within walking distance. The hop on hop off &quot;Big Bus Co&quot; tour is directly outside the door. Local eating included very good Sri-Lanka &amp;Indian and an Italian within about 50 yards. I can honestly say that this hotel added to what was a great holiday. I would certainly return and recommend it to whomever reads this.	
Aug 21 2008 	A bit of a lottery	I've stayed in this hotel a number of times as a business traveller over the last few years and have found that room allocation is a bit of a lottery. Sometimes the rooms have been nice and relatively spacious, other times not. Sometimes there have been cleanliness issues but apart from the very tired bathroom (a couple of broken tiles, a very rusty plughole in the bath, very poor water pressure, a non-adjustable showerhead and a toilet that wouldn't stop flushing unless the handle was pushed back up), this time was fine! It's not a huge problem, just something to be aware of. On one occasion the TV didn't work and could not be fixed and I was given a twin room instead the double that was booked. No one was interested in resolving the problem until I traipsed down to reception to complain to the duty manager. I felt that they only exchanged the room because there were people checking in at the time and I emphasised that they would lose business if my company decided not to use this hotel in the future. Refurbishment is definitely well overdue but it's still not a bad choice. London hotels are generally overpriced and rooms are small compared with US standards but fairly average for European hotels. One improvement that has been made recently is the individual air conditioning units in the rooms - although they are portable units and clearly a temporary measure they do work effectively which is welcome (and necessary) in the summer. They have attempted to cover up the bathroom issues in part with some new grouting but they do need a complete overhaul to come up to the four star rating. The bathrooms are also quite cramped but I guess there is little that can be done about the layout.Check in and out can be slow as there are too few staff on reception - not a major problem but something that can be improved. Breakfast is average and adequate. There is a reasonable choice but service is slow - some times are busier than others but you need to ask for toast and tea/coffee. I do think that the majority of staff try their best but there simply aren't enough of them.	
Aug 21 2008	Not Great! SO-SO!	Rooms are dark and musty! Moldy shower curtain! Staff was nice though.	
Aug 15 2008 	Good location good staff. Stay here again no problem	Stayed at the Thistle Westminster for 3 nights in August. Short break for the family and very happy with the room. The location is perfect for access to all attractions and a short taxi drive to theatre land. Staff were all very pleasant and attentive - special thanks to Taran in the bar who remembered and took time to congratulate my younger daughter on her birthday which was a nice personal touch. Breakfast was decent fayre and served by a well turned out, attentive staff. Would stay at this hotel again with absolutely no issues. Some of these posts comment on the decor etc - but this is a popular hotel with a high turnover of visitors so you guys get a grip ! You could an awful lot worse than stay at this hotel.	
Jul 29 2008 	4 Star?????	Spending one night in London I wanted it to be special so assuming 4 * meant luxury booked with this hotel. Initially quite pleased however after returning to the hotel from an exhausting day went for a bath to disover hot tap not working. No iron in the room (even though supposed to be one), mini bar was empty, no access to &quot;latest movies&quot;, no music in bathroom (broken?), dirty grouting in the bathroom. Dissapointed as fully expected this to be a 4*. I would not stay there again.	
Jul 1 2008	Decent service dated rooms	There's much to recommend about this hotel. The staff were good, breakfast was better than many other places. Its location is handy for Victoria.But the place is long overdue a revamp. My room was dated and tired. There was precious little natural light and the place felt over-furnished and claustrophobic. On a warm day the aircon was rattly and old. As the rating suggests - okay, but some problems.	
Apr 26 2008 	Staff is fabulous......rooms are fine	I moved to the Thistle Westminster after a disappointing try at another 5 star down the street. The reception staff member took my phone call , arranged for a better rate via the reservations toll free number and made sure I had a quiet room away from lifts.Staff is fabulous. Busy hotels usually have impersonal staff but this is the exception. The Thistle Westminster could not take me for the total 8 days that I needed so they assisted me in staying at the nearby Grosvenor at Victoria Station (their sister hotel). Way beyond what I would expect in busy London. Rooms are larger than a standard room. I stayed in Room 117 at the end of the hall. Bathrooms have tubs, window opens onto a quiet street with nice breeze, coffee/tea, safe, and ample toiletries.Beds were comfortable but I think they may need to add more pillows for the Americans like me. Clean clean clean.Yes I quess that they may want to change the decor a little. But in the defense of the Westminster the room I stayed in was so quiet that I slept soundly every night.Internet cafe and lots of restaurants around the corner by Victoria Station.The front reception and conceirge staff was so helpful that I will stay at Westminster again.	
Apr 22 2008 	Nice Room But Service Issues	We stayed here just one night the week on April 14th. When we arrived, the front desk offered us an upgrade for 20 GBP. We decided to take it and were pleasantly surprised at the spaciousness of our rooms. The promised free mineral water, bathrobes and slippers however were no where to be found. After calling the front desk, they brought a small bottle of water and bathrobes up. Be sure and pin down what the upgrade includes before you spend the money. Our daughter's room we soon learned had no heat so space heaters were brought up and set about the room. When I made the reservation with Thistle the clerk told me all of the Thistle group hotels were being refurbished with the Grosvenor next and then this hotel. It probably will not be so affordable after that. We also never received a requested wake up call. Our upgraded room was 150 GBP a night so I'd probably stay here again if only for the location.	
Apr 16 2008 	Great location-awful conditions and sevice!	We stayed in this hotel last week while we visited London. When we checked in to the room, various lights in the room including the bathroom were not functioning, the toilet was not flushing properly and worse, the bathtub had not been cleaned and was filthy. I could not believe they gave us a room in this condition. They did send maintenance and housekeeping immediately to correct the problems. Sadly, the problems did not end there, on our final stay we booked a car to the airport and a wake-up call. They never called us, had no records of the request for the call and never came to our room to notify us when the driver arrived and just turned him away. We almost missed our flight out of Heathrow had we not woken up on our own. This is by far the worst service we have ever received. On a positive note, it is within walking distance to just about everything, the breakfast was very good and the size and layout of the rooms were spacious. Maybe we were just unfortunate but I will warn you, if you need a wake-up call, make your own arrangements and do not count on them.	
Apr 13 2008 	Good location good staff but serious weaknesses	Stayed two nights over a weekend at this hotel located between Victoria station and Buckingham Palace. Good reception run by very pleasant staff and spacious, well maintained public spaces. Breakfast, which was included, was standard buffet fare, but we've had a lot worse. However, our room (on the second floor)suffered from three serious weaknesses. First one was the temperature. The room was like an oven the entire time we were there. The staff were concerned but could only advise us to turn off the heating/cooling system altogether, since it would not cool at all. They did however bring a fan to the room. Even leaving the room window open all night didn't help much, and London streets can be noisy at night! Bafflingly, this was in the middle of a particularly cold snap for April. The shower suffered from the same design fault - it was probably adjustable at one time in its life, but at its great age it was completely unpredictable in temperature, varying wildy from scalding to cold. Finally the bed - the mattress must have been years old. Springs gone and the wooden structural supports all too evident when you sat on it or lay on it. The worst I have experienced. If Thistle have some sort of quality control, surely they can do better than this.	
Apr 11 2008 	great location friendly staff	I stayed at this hotel on a short sight seeing trip with my family. Like other reviewers I booked through Superbreak as it was one of the very few hotels in London that could accomodate a family of 4 (or 5) in one room. The location is excellent, you are round the corner from Buckingham Palace (I teased my children that I could see the queen brushing her teeth!) and just 2 minutes from the Victoria train and tube station. There are lots of eating places and shops nearby and you can walk to a number of the major tourist attractions from the hotel. The room was clean, pleasant and comfortable. The staff where very friendly and helpful, we asked housekeeping for extra pillows and they arrived almost immediately. Reception rang to check our room was ok and arranged for extra hot chocolate as the children had drank it all. I needed to print of my London eye tickets and reception directed me to a nearby internet cafe rather that the business centre which had a minimum charge. There is just one drawback to this hotel and that is the heat. The public areas are far too warm and the rooms are not much better. As stated in other reviews the air conditioning does not work. If you cannot sleep in a warm room this is not the hotel for you. Otherwise I would highly recommend the Thistle Westminster, particularly for families.	
Jan 18 2008 	quite good	We stayed at this hotel between Christmas and New Year and were quite happy with it. It does not look very pretty on the outside but inside it is warm and the staff are welcoming. The reason I booked it was we could get five of us in one room - it was probably the only one on the Superbreak website to have a room for five. The room was large with two double beds and a double sofa bed so was perfect for myself, husband and three teenage children. The location is excellent and we were able to walk almost everywhere. It is very close to Buckingham Palace and it is a nice walk through St James' s Park to Trafalgar Square and Regent Street. We also walked to the Houses of Parliament and the Thames quite easily from there. The street is a bit noisy if you have the window open.The breakfast was quite nice and plentiful. No problem with hot water. Beds were comfortable.	
Nov 27 2007 	Disappointed with hotel	I stayed at this hotel for 3 nghts and I was very disappointed, the food was good but it was let down by the staff who took ages and didn't always understand you and brought out something different to what you ordered, the staff on reception were no better, I got overcharged and explained each day I was there and they still got it wrong, I was charged for Dinner, Bed and Breakfast and then charged Dinner again for each night. The rooms are ok, if you want a shower in the evening don't expect hot water, the only time the water was hot enough was first thing in the morning. Would I recommend this hotel to anyone else probably not.	
Nov 26 2007 	Good Hotel very nice staff	Just come back from a 3 night stay at Thistle westminster with husband and 3 children. main reason for booking was it was one of the few places that could accommodate all of us in one room. Room was an 'Executive Double' with 2 double beds and sofa bed - was a bit cramped with sofa extended but fine with it up. The room was fine but probably now in need of some upgrading , bathroom especially. Unlike some other reviewers we had no problem with hot water, lack of aircon not a problem as was very cold outside ! Location is excellent - walking distance Buckingham Palace, Big ben etc . NIce buffet breakfast and all staff lovely which we really appreciated - Would recommend for family breaks etc - perhaps couples wanting a romantic weekend away would do better somewhere plusher !	
Sep 22 2007 	In desperate need of mattress replacements	The location of this hotel is excellent and as many individuals mentioned it is close to Buckingham Palace, Victoria Tube and Victoria Coach Station. Our room was small as expected and faced the side street; which made it quiet. We found out that the AC is being upgraded and 80% of the rooms were finished. Fortunately for us we got a room with AC as it made the air in the room fresher. Our included breakfast was broad and delicious.Our biggest drawback was the condition of the beds. We got two twin beds in our room and in both mattresses you could feel the coils sticking out. In one of the pictures I uploaded, you can see the bed sinking in the middle of the mattress. This is why I'm giving a low score for comfort. This made it difficult to sleep during our four night stay.Most of the staff was friendly, especially the concierge. We noticed that the early morning and evening receptionists seemed inexperience and were not of great assistance to people trying to check-in after their long fights.Overall, I would not stay here again since I feel we paid too much for what we got.	
Sep 13 2007 	Pleased with the Thistle Westminster	After researching alot of hotels and preparing for a small room with an even smaller bathroom, we were pleasantly surprised with the Thistle Westminster. The room was big enough to accomodate our family of 4 with 2 twin beds (which were more like doubles) and and sofa. The bathroom was fine. Everything was clean and the service was above what we expected. We had a corner room and it was a bit noisy from the street traffic, but we expected that due to the location. The AC was broken yet our room was comfortable. The windows did open. It was close to Buckingham Palace, Victoria Station, bus stations and there were plenty of places to eat. All within walking distance. A good price for a good place.	
Sep 4 2007 	same as the rest	have to agree with everyone else. great location..would stay again just for that. Across the street from buckingham palace.They could not give us two rooms together although it had been requested months ago, one room was very small, one was ok.As everyone has said they have done nothing to fix the cooling sysytem so very hot(or noisy) in the rooms at night. English breakfast was fine and included in the L99 rate. The concierge was very helpful.Gave great bus directions.All in all a wonderful trip(but very expensive)	
Jul 26 2007 	Worst Hotel Ever	The worst Hotel I have ever had the displeasure of staying at.While we were out some body used our bath room and left it in a real mess , complained and in the end had to clean it up my self.The Air con in the whole building is broken and has been for quite along time and the rooms are that hot and air less my fammily could not sleep in it. Thistles answer is to put a portible air con unit in the bed rooms, its to noisey to sleep with it on and to hot to sleep with it off. IF YOU WANT A 4 STAR IN LONDON THIS IS NOT THE HOTEL FOR YOU, ITS NOT FIT FOR HABITATION. A TOTAL DISCRACE, THANK YOU THISTLE FOR SPOILING MY DAUGHTERS BIRTHDAY.	
Jul 24 2007 	Couldn't Fault It	What a brilliant hotel - we paid £99 for the double room which included breakfast. The hotel was clean, comfortable and very nicely furnished - our room had tea making facilities, complimentary toiletries and its own iron and ironing board! The staff were very friendly and most helpful. If we had required a meal in our room there was a quite comprehensive menu available. We decided to eat in the hotel restaurant and the food and service was very good, prices may seem a little high but not for a hotel in London (we paid £66 for a two course meal for two people with a bottle of wine). Breakfast was superb - I have never seen so much food - the selection ranged from melons &amp; grapefruit through yogurts and cereals to a full English breakfast. The food was well presented and the hot food was very hot!Our only fault with the hotel was a problem with the air conditioning as it did not seem to be working, the rooms were very hot and stuffy, however, almost as soon as we'd got to our room a member of the hotel staff turned up with a large floor standing fan! The location for us could not have been better - we were in London to go to Buckingham Palace and were delighted to find we were within a couple of minutes walk from there. There were also plenty of bars and restaurants nearby and for sightseeing purposes 'The Big Bus Company' had a stop right outside.All in all an excellent experience and one I'd like to repeat.	
Jul 20 2007 	Not a bad hotel Great Location but no air conditioning!	I had read both good and bad reviews but decided to try the hotel since I only needed it for one night and the location was really good. Additionally, for Central London the price was really suprisingly affordable and included breakfast. Upon arrival, we were greated by really nice staff who found our reservation with no problem at all. The trouble started when we reached the second floor and stepped out of the elevator----and were greeted with a very warm blast of warm, musty air. As we walked down the hall, and saw the housekeeping staff carrying fans we immediately knew we were in for a very warm afternoon and evening. After some inquiry--we were told the AC was out but they were working on it. I guess my major complaint is that I kind of wish I was told that when I was checking in and maybe had been offered another room at another close by Thistle hotel. I know London is not the warmest of cities and an open window can do wonders but this was really quite unbearable.......I actually had to take a Sominex to be able to sleep. The pillows were also really hard. I could have lived with the outdated 1973 decor, because the room was really clean, the staff was really nice, and you could tell they were trying to do their best. But I think management should have done something a bit more for the guests who all came out of their rooms beet red and perspiriing! I would suggest that you call ahead and make sure the AC is functioning before you commit to the Thistle Westminster.	
Jun 27 2007	Not the best	Disgraceful, We stayed here recently. Room was a joke, hardly any toliet roll. Shower thermostat was either roasting hot or freezing cold.Double bed was more like single and half. The chamber maid could not read a simple sign of &quot;do not disturb&quot; and woke us at 8.30am after only getting in at 4.30am. No air con and the room was so stuffy.No drinking water in the room or bottled water supplied my partner does not do hot drinks either.On a positive note the hotel is 2 minutes away from Victoria and without the maid, staff were fantastic. A credit to the hotel.	
Jun 20 2007 	Room barely OK; staff great	My mother &amp; I stayed here for 4 nights in May. The beds were the worse thing - they obviously sagged and you could feel the springs. Bathroom had mold in the shower, no washcloths on several days. Rugs very old. Luggage hold broken - I called and requested another - it never came - had to keep our luggage on the floor. Stuffy and hot - cooling system dials didn't work - was able to turn the fan on and that was it. It was in the 70s and it was as hot as we could stand it to sleep. I would never stay there if it was in the 80s. Consierge very helpful and saved us from missing a tour. Restaurant staff just barely polite - not friendly at all. Smoking is allowed in one public area off the bar and tends to go into the lobby. Location is great.	
Jun 18 2007 	great hotel	My wife and I were in London for the first time. We flew into Gatwick and wanted a hotel that was easy to get to and was near the main attractions. Got the Gatwick Express train into Victoria. The hotel was less than 5 minutes walk. Had read reviews on Tripadvisor and the hotel seemed like a good choice. We were not disappointed. Yes the outside is a bit drab but our room was a good size and was well appointed although the air conditioning could have been better, but that said, couldn`t find and other fault. The reception and lobby were very nice, breakfast very good and we had an evening meal which again was very good. We were only a 5 minute walk from Buckingham Palace. Plenty of restaurants, pubs etc in vicinity. Tour bus stops right outside the hotel. Would definitely stay here again. D &amp; S Northern Ireland	
Jun 14 2007 	fairly good..	Was with my wife at this Hotel early May. Very convenient location and anmenties fairly good (interesting biscuits and coffee). Morning call was timely. However was having problem with the access card quite frequently. Also no minibar..The recept was courteous and the conceirge especially helpful with our selection of tour package. Definitely a plus.Generally we still expect more value for the price it is charging.J&amp;S_Singapore	
Apr 23 2007 	Excellent	Staff were wonderful, friendly and very helpful. Room was clean and very tastefully decorated. Only complaint was that there was no mini bar in our room it had been removed and as my husband was doing the marathon and it was a very hot weekend it would have been handy, but it didn't spoil our stay. It is in such a convenient locaton you can't go wrong.	
Apr 19 2007 	Lost in the 80s	Hotel in a very poor condition, some places have this advertised as a 4* hotel but I think it would struggle to get a 2* rating now. Some of the problems with my room:* Hot water tap would not turn off in first room allocated* Only single beds available* No ventilation in room other than to open window to busy street* Extractor in bathroom did not work* Mould growing in bathroom* Mini bar removed from room. Water only available from room service at £3.60 per bottle* Exposed screw heads around room where it appeared fixtures and fittings had been removed or broken off* Curtains only stayed closed with chair wedged against window* Bathroom had only 2 hand towels and 2 face cloths, had to request towels from room service* housekeeping knocking on door at 08.00 on day of check out The Thistle website calls the hotel &quot;modern deluxe hotel&quot;, looking at the rooms it looks like they have not been touched since the 80s.	
Mar 29 2007 	So-so but not good for business travel	Whilst the hotel itself was average &amp; I am sure is quite fine for tourists, etc., I am not sure if I was going to London for work again, I would use this hotel.A few colleagues checked in before I did; they were allocated smoking rooms. Our company policy is that we only ever book non-smoking rooms, so this was the first problem. After many phone calls - things were finally resolved.When I went to my room, there were two twin beds. Again, our company always books us a double bedded room. It was like being 6 years old again having to sleep on such a narrow bed. Next was trying to set up a wake up call. I know I have an alarm on my mobile, but I always worry my battery will go on me, so I like to have a back-up plan. Trying to set the wake up call was a nightmare. You have to go through a very complex process that also sets up the rooms voicemail; but if all you want to do is set a wake up call, it takes forever to get to that option. This robbed me of 5 minutes of valuable time when I could have been working. This may sound petty, but the next morning the call actually came at 06:50, when I requested 07:00. This may sound picky, but if I had wanted to get up at 06:50, I would have set that as the wake up time. 07:00 means 07:00 in my book.Althought there were many lights in the room, it was still very dark. Not sure why this was - at one point I put on every single light and it still was not enough light to see by. Especially in the bathroom - not good for ladies trying to apply make-up.Earlier reviews have mentioned the fact that there is one sheet between you and the mattress, with no mattress cover. I found this very creepy, so I put on another sheet (from the spare bed!) Surely they should have mattress covers that can be laundered.The voile panels covering the window were nearly black with grime from the busy street below. It wouldn't go amiss for the hotel to launder them occasionally. This brings up the point about street noise. Yes the hotel is in a very busy part of town and there was a mild amount of noise, but after 23:00, it was significantly reduced (keep in mind I was there on a weekday - might be worse on a weeknight).Having said all that, I am sure if you are a tourist and need a hotel with the usual ammenities in a good location, you could do worse. I didn't have the breakfast - but I am told it was fine. And it is within walking distance of Buckingham Palace.	
Mar 8 2007	Not that good really	We had a number of issues right from the start of the booking. The hot water... well there was none. The room was adequate but is definitely in need of refurbishment. Like other London hotels, some of the staff seemed put out with the simplist of requests which is a shame really. It ranged from unhelpful to completely ignoring us There are some positives though. The main reception is nice and the restaurant serves one of the nicest breakfasts that I've ever had. The Head Receptionist was extremely helpful... when she was around but seemed to have 101 other jobs to do (unsurprisingly). The hotel does have a lot of potential but I think Thistle need to spend some time training in customer service techniques.	
Feb 25 2007 	Don't be put off by the exterior	The exterior of the hotel is not very attractive but don't be put off by this.We travelled with our two children aged 6 and 9 and our room was excellent. Plenty of room with two king size beds.The breakfast was very good and the staff helpful and friendly.Location was really good, very close to Buckingham Palace and five mins walk froim Victoria Tube/train/bus station.Would definetely stay again.	
Feb 14 2007 	Just OK	The room was ok, the location was great but the there was some issues. We stayed on a Saturday night after a night at the theatre, the hotel was quite noisy with doors banging and loud tv's. The worst was the chambermaid knocking on the door at 8.30am Sunday morning when checkout was not until 12pm.	
Jan 6 2007 	Wonderful Courteous Service Helped Make Our Trip The Best!	We stayed here December 28th through December 31st 2006. The room was very neat, clean and comfortable. The TV had some nice BBC channels to relax with at night. We really enjoyed the breakfast which was included with our stay. The food was good and there was a fantastic variety. The concierge was absolutely the best. He consistently helped us with any need we had such as directions, getting a cab, hooking up with a tour and getting our airport connection. The location is second to none with many London attractions within easy walking distance. If there was anything not within walking distance Victoria Station was very close by.	
Jan 4 2007 	Great location friendly staff	This hotel is in a great location (close to Victoria Station) and within walking distance of most sightseeing. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The concierge service was great with helping book tours, marking routes on maps, hailing cabs and got us three tickets (fabulous seats) to a sold-out &quot;Mary Poppins&quot;.The hotel was clean and the maids came to our room everyday. I did have to request extra towels and face cloths, but they were delivered without delay. The room was small, but not cramped with two adults and one child. The only thing that was disappointing to me was the breakfast. I did not eat breakfast at the hotel, but the buffet did not look overly appetizing. Service in the bar area was good.I was happy with this property and I got what I expected for the price and would stay there again.	
Jan 3 2007 	Really disappointing service	We booked the Thistle Westminster for one night to rest between our flight from LAX and our Eurostar to Paris the next day. first the booking confirmation showed the property on the wrong street and Thistle has another property - so the cab driver was confused. We discovered the mistake after the cab had left so after our 10 hour flight we were wandering around trying to find the place. We arrived. left the bags at the bottom of the steps and confirmed we were in the right place. several staff stood by while we lugged our bags up the stairs - no one offered to help. The lobby is nice. Exiting the elevator the hallways reminded us of a jail - very depressing faux brick, narrow and dark. The room was okay - adequate. At one point in our 15 hours there our card key didn't work. We asked one staff person if he could help - he looked us in the eye, said nothing and walked away. another staff person was agitated and raised her voice. The moral of the story is that one can accept a less than spacious room, the travails of travel - if the service people are friendly and helpful. I won't try another Thistle hotel again and I am in London once or twice a year.	
Dec 27 2006 	Excellent hotel	We have just spent a night at this hotel on Christmas Eve, from the moment we walked into the hotel all the staff were excellent and helpful as well as being very courteous to our party. We wre very impressed with the improvements made to the ground floor area, especially the Brasserie which has been refurbished recently and stylish colours to its decor. The Restaurant menu is much improved on our last visit earlier in the year, with excellent chefs cooking up some good dishes, also the breakfast buffet has a large selection of hot and cold items, not many 3 star hotels offer such a variety. We would strongly advise anyone wishing to stay near Buckingham Palace that this hotel has spacious very clean rooms with customer service a high priority from all its staff, and will definely stay at the hotel at Easter 2007.	
Nov 26 2006 	A Great Hotel in London!	Just back from 3 nights at the Thistle Westminster. I realize everyone has their varying opinions...but I seriously have no idea what people were talking about with all the negative comments about this hotel. We are a family of four with two of us being a 5 and 7 yr old. We had what they bill as a quad room. It was really large and very nice overall. The location can't be beat...it is a few minutes walk from Victoria station and just a few blocks from Buckingham Palace. The breakfast buffet was very good with a wide variety of choices. My only word of advice would be if booking a room with a pullout couch (like the quad) make sure it's going to be used for kids. There is no way I would have wanted to sleep on that thing...it's fine for little ones, but would have been uncomfortable for adults. All in all a great hotel in a great location.	
Nov 20 2006	good qulaity for good price	I booked this hotel as it was one of the few that would allow me to book 3 adults in one room and I was staying with my mum and my sister.Check in was quick and efficient and the room was small but very clean and perfectly adequate for one night. There were two queen size beds and I was on a put U up sofa bed that was absolutely fine. Nice bathroom and plenty of hot water.Drinks and food were reasonably priced. The hotel's location is great - very close to Buckingham Palace and the main tour buses (The Big Bus Tour and the Original Bus Company) stop outside. Its also only a short walk to Victoria coach and train stations.	
Oct 29 2006 	Awful	This hotel gives London hotels a bad name. If you want a good night's sleep look somewhere else. We booked a theatre break with an agent who recommended this hotel - although he did admit he had never stayed there himself. It is rated 4 star but really should not be more than a 3 star and thats being generous! The rooms are small but that in itself is not the issue. The problem with with the beds - they are small and the mattresses are old. After the worst night's sleep ever in a hotel we stripped the bed to find the mattress dated September 1999. The springs were coming through, there was no protective cover on the mattress only a thin sheet between you and whatever else might be on/in the mattress. The pillows were also shocking. Old, flat and hard with again, only a thin pillowcase to protect and cover. Our complaint to the management was not dealt with satisfaction and as they had taken a swipe of our credit card on arrival we seem to have little choice without a lot of aggrevation, to get our money back. Furthermore, we found a rusty sewing needle on the carpet by the desk which housekeeping had missed. Anyway, you get the picture - from previous experience not all Thistle hotels are like this, but we won't be choosing Thistle again - ever.	
Oct 27 2006 	Horror	I arrived at Thistle Buckingham in september, for a 3 night stand. A very bad hotel, with awful receptionists. Had a small credit card problem at the check-in (the room was paid but it was a problem with that credit card deposit) and they kept me for TWO hours in the lobby, instead of solving it immediately. Tha attitude was bad, it was like I had to thank them that I was booking that hotel!After that, I had the most horrible hotel room of my life. Number 109, as I remember. There was a permanent noise (24 of 24 hrs) coming from the ceiling or something which kept me awake.Conclusion: choose another one!	
Sep 18 2006 	Air Cooling not Air Conditioning !!	The hotel I had tried to book was full, so my company booked this one instead. I read the reviews and was slightly concerned. The hotel itself is in a great location for visitors to Buckingham Palace. Booked in and received no advice re lift positions/ breakfast etc. The room was acceptable although no information about TV channels etc was available.On returning to room after meetings, it was very warm and uncomfortable...although it was early September, it was a hot day.I phoned reception and asked if there was a problem with the Hotel air conditioning, I was informed that they didn't have air conditioning but ' Air cooling which was similar '. I was then asked if I wished a fan for the room, which an hour and a further call later was delivered. I would suggest a visit in midsummer would be particularly unpleasant in these smallish rooms.Breakfast was above average with a good selection of hot and cold items. Overall not a particularly enjoyable experience.	
Sep 11 2006	This hotel is not ready for guests	On the plus side, the hotel is close to Victoria Station. Otherwise, there is no reason to recommend it. It's an older hotel and the hallways smell stale. I stayed in a non-smoking room, which had no odor thankfully, but was long and narrow and lacked good lighting. Also, the water temperature in the shower never went beyond warm and the blow dryer was by the desk, but no mirror was there so I had to use the TV to try to see what I was doing with my hair. One evening I called the front desk looking for an adapter. I was told to call back in the morning and talk to the concierge, who would be arriving at 8 a.m. When I phoned the next morning the concierge told me they had adapters for 110V, not 120V and therefore if I wanted to use one I would have to purchase a converter and &quot;those can be really expensive&quot;. For a hotel that one would think wants international business travelers, you would think they would keep adapters available at all times.I left as soon as I could and moved to the Holiday Inn in Kensington, which was a much better experience.	
Sep 6 2006 	A Great Stay	We stayed at this hotel because they were able to accomodate 5 people (2 adults, 3 teens) in one room. Our room was huge and spotlessly clean. The front desk staff were very helpful especially the concierge who arranged our tours and the breakfasts were great. We would definitely stay here again. It is centrally located to everything (Victoria Station, Buckingham Palace, etc).	
Aug 22 2006	Don't believe all the bad reviews	Overnight stay at The Thistle, Westminster was a pleasant suprise, after reading all the dreadful reviews. Fast and efficient check in and check out. Staff were friendly and helpful, room was spotlessly clean. Good breakfast catering for all different tastes. Smallish but comfortable lounge area and only downside was a makeshift bar area. Everything you could want to drink apart from anything on draft, just a bit dissapointed to see it set up on a table covered with a white tablecloth. Hopefully a temporary arrangement. Otherwise a very pleasant stay with no complaints whatsover. Excellent location, try Bumbles restaurant round the corner. Doesn't look anything special from outside, but try it, you wont be dissapointed.	
Jul 28 2006 	Not a good hotel	I stayed at this hotel for one night for work. The whole experience was terrible. The first room I was sent to was so hot I could barely breath (no air con, and the windows are fixed so they only open a little) and was a smoking room when I'd specifically asked for non-smoking. The whole of the UK has been having a heatwave, but this hotel is supposed to be air conditioned. I went down to the front desk - they confirmed the air conditioning was broken, but claimed they had no cooler rooms initially. Since the whole point of me staying in a hotel was to go to an early meeting in London the next morning I said that there was no point me staying there if I couldn't sleep, as I'd be useless in the meeting - and I was sure my company would want me to go home and simply miss the meeting if they couldn't accomodate me in a room which was habitable - or book me into a different hotel. At this point they miraculously found me another room. This room had a little cold air coming from a vent but was still really hot. I barely got any sleep at all, and wished I had gone home as the first thing I was told upon attending my meeting was 'you look terrible - really tired'. I was shocked that given the fact the windows don't open properly (there are metal fixtures so they only open a crack), they were continuing to book people into the hotel. The temperature in the first room I was in was so high that it would have been a health hazard for anyone with a medical condition. I stayed at the end of July - well into a very hot summer - it isn't as if this was the first day that temperatures went above 30C. They'd had plenty of time to either fix the problem, or to book their guests somewhere else (or simply inform travellers of the problem so they could make their own decision).Do not stay here. There are better places in London for less money.	
Jul 24 2006 	Worst hotel ever stayed in	Stayed here for 4 nights in May. Looks good initially but rapidly becomes clear that this place is a shambles underneath. No aircon, no decent internet access in the rooms, practically impossible to get on the phone outside 9 - 5, which isnt good if people are trying to contact you from US, even basic things like getting an iron and ironing board are a lottery. They also appear to have a somewhat cavaliar attitude to charging items to your credit card - despite having paid for the room in advance, they almost charged me twice. Complaining about the place to head office doesnt seem to do any good. Would suggest that people strongly avoid.	
Jul 16 2006	Great Location - Character!	We stayed at the Thistle Westminster for 4 nights for vacation (in the middle of the heat wave) in July. It is located in a fantastic place for tourists. Right across the street from the Victoria Station which takes you anywhere you want to go in London, just two blocks from Buckingham Palace, and within walking distance of Westminster, the London Eye, and so much more. We loved our room as it had a lot of character with the barrell rounded ceilings, couch, two chairs, two beds, a desk, and a nice closet with an in-room safe. The only down-fall was that the hotel does claim to have an air coolin system but the heat was way to much for it and we really boiled in our room all four of the days and nights. We would not even feel it circulating the air. Fortunately, we did get a little airflow during the night which wasn't much, but enough to lower it a degree or two. Overall, we really like the hotel and enjoyed our stay. Again, it is a GREAT location for tourists and we would definitely stay there again!	
Jul 5 2006 	Tired no aircon needs a good clean	Advert stated: airconditioning, modern 4star deluxe hotel.well, the word hotel is correct!aircon - essential in a rare London heatwave. Sadly on arrival it proved to be what the reception described as &quot;aircooling&quot; - which translates as small airvent in the wall that has no effect on room temperature.First room I checked into had a dirty bath (marks all up the sides). Second room was the same - I ended up taking a washcloth and cleaning it myself.Overall impression of somewhat tired furnishings in need of an update.On a positive note, the room was a very good size for London, and very convenient for the parks for a run!Won't be back here!	
Jun 5 2006	decent hotel	I stayed at Thistle westminster hotel along with my family in May 2006.We had a nice time,Hotel rooms are decent compared to other london room sizes.Hotel rooms are clean and housekeeping staff does a good job.Very close to victoria station and Buckingham Palace.Staff is friendly and helpfull.Compared to other hotels i have stayed across the world,this hotel seems understaffed,The guy who manages the retaurant also doubles up as room service .......Also everytime you ask for room service they charge you 2 pounds as service charge,even for empty plates .But overall its a decent hotel and worth staying for a few days as tourist as well as on business.	
Jun 4 2006	Hotel needs attention.	We stayed 2 nights at this hotel in early May and though the staff was very friendly the rooms were uncomfortable. We arrived at Heathrow airport and decided to take the bus to Victoria Station to see some of the city as we were only there for 2 days, not realizing that the bus station was quite a bit of walking distance from the hotel, especially for a group of six with luggage in tow. We had reserved 2 - triple rooms and upon our arrival (close to 2:00 PM), luckily our rooms were ready. But we walked into hot, stuffy room with stale cigarette odor. We were told they were sorry, but they were having some unseasonably warm weather (75) and that they hadn't turned on the A/C system for the hotel yet and offered each room a small fan, which we accepted. We opened the window as much as possible, which wasn't much, and dealt with the outside noise of a busy street. Our beds were less than comfortable, especially the pull out and everything looked drab, not like the bright airy picture you see on the internet. Though it was nice to have a wall attached iron w/board to use. We didn't eat at the hotel, so have no comments about the food. But we did eat breakfast at the &quot;Panini&quot; place across the street which was very good. Walking around the hotel's neighborhood at night was a little uncomfortable, but seemed to be safe. We probably wouldn't stay at this &quot;Thistle&quot; location again without it being renovated.	
May 15 2006	Convenient location but choose somewhere else.	Got a deal to stay here in October 2005 through Virgin Vacations. The hotel is in a decent location just about two blocks from Victoria Station where you'll find easy access to all the central tube lines, bus lines, and express trains to Gatwick. Its also close to Buckingham (about a ten minute walk). The general area around the train station seemed a little sketchy at times, but was always safe. However the hotel was very dated and worn inside. The lobby furniture was worn threadbare and the room looked as though it hadnt been updated since at least the late 70's - early 80's. The mattress was the worst I've ever had in a hotel -- about 5&quot; thick and felt as though it was stuffed with straw. The room overlooked the street with two bus stops right below our window. Nice sounds of the city, but not good if you're trying to sleep. I'd compare the room to a dated and worn Motel 6, except the walls here were brick and Motel 6 would have more comfortable beds. Would try not to stay here again even though the area is very convenient to Victoria station.	
May 14 2006 	Great location!	I thought that this was an excellent hotel in a very good location - within 2 minutes walk of Victoria station. The area also felt safe and was always busy - a bonus for lone female traveller.The rooms were spacious and comfortable with nice toiletries in the bathroom along with a decent power shower!! - it certainly woke you up in a morning!!I would have no hesitation staying here again. The buffet breakfast was excellent - and every single member of staff that i encountered were always helpful and very pleasant.	
Apr 21 2006	Great Location - Very Helpful Staff - Large Rooms	Myself, my wife and our 12 year old daughter vacationed in London and Paris in April 2006 and spent three nights at the Thistle Westminster. I chose this hotel based on reviews here, its location and the price. I was not dissapointed.I was surprised by how large the room was. We booked a triple (a REAL double bed and a fold out couch) with an ensuite bath/shower. The room itself was very much like a Radisson or Mariott in the states. Large main room with a desk and seating area (where the fold-out couch was and a decent sized bathroom in which everything worked (amazing water pressure, by the way!). The only complaints I have is that the fold out was not very comfortable, you could feel the frame beneath the matress - but this is fairly normal for a fold out bed so it wasn't a deal-breaker or anything.The location was fantastic! Literally less than a 5 minute walk from Victoria station. Since we flew into Gatwick, we just jumped on the Gatwick Express train (approx 30 min from the airport to Victoria) and walked to the hotel. Our room was not ready early - but they did secure our bags.The proximiity to Victoria Station puts literally all of London at your doorstep and the hotel is, literally, a 5 minute walk from Buckingham Palace.All the staff were extremely helpful, one in particular - Michael - was a real gem. He helped us with tickets to attractions, neighborhood information, and even helped us find a good Indian restaurant and a REAL English Pub (as opposed to the &quot;tourist&quot; pubs that surround the hotel.I can't speak to the hotel breakfast or room service since we didn't partake. Our room was cleaned daily and fresh towles were provided.We paid £120 for a triple through londontown.com - it was the best rate I found for a triple, since we were staying over a weekend. Granted, that was a little more than I had intended on spending, but it was the cheapest rate I could find after an exttensive search. I would stay at this place again - however the next time I go to London I might try a different neighborhood...there are Thistle hotels everywhere	
Mar 17 2006	London Calling	This hotel is one that I sell alot through my job as a travel agent and have always recommended due to its great central location. So I decided to put my money where my mouth is and book myself there on my trip to England last week. I can definitely say I wasn't let down. It's a pretty typical English hotel and deserves the four star rating it gets. Our room had all the amenities needed and room service was prompt and pleasant. The front desk were helpful and always nice. They wouldnt let me check in early, which I requested proir to leaving the states, but they were kind enough to hold my belongings. The breakfast was a full english breakfast, it was ok, nothing to write home about. The best part of the hotel is it's location. Right at Victoria station you can take the tube anywhere not to mention you can walk to most of the major sites. Would definitely stay here again.Curtis Williams	
Feb 13 2006	Worst hotel I've been to	My partner and I just spent valentines weekend there and were totally let down by this hotel, which is actually a FOUR STAR not three!! You wouldnt believe it though:-From the outside it looks like a run down office block.-When inside the hotel it is obvious that Thistle have left this hotel in the 80's.- There was no central heating in the room, leaving us with 1x electric heater and a freezing cold bathroom.- The bathroom lacked any sort of 4* luxury.- The breakfast when it arrived LATE was of average standard and there was no cutlery or salt/pepper/suger. When these eventually turned up upon request the food was cold.- I have stayed at many 3* which put this hotel to shame!!!	
Jan 23 2006	Great value for money	Stopped for one night only January 14. Checked in early and room was not ready,but check in was quick and efficient and luggage left until later on.When arriving back after an afternoon sightseeing we was pleasantly surprised by our immaculate room, a good size and nice bathroom.Tea and coffee and biscuits also available.The corridor leading to the bedrooms was also very pleasant.The lounge/bar area was fine.Location was good for underground and bus station if required.Check out was as good as the check in.We paid £75 for one night with Last Minute.An excellent deal.	
Jan 12 2006	Excellent base in London	PROs:-very close to Victoria station &amp; Buckingham Palace-helpful and friendly staff (we arrived in London around 7:30am and were allowed to check-in without any problem-complimentary coffee/tea/biscuits-good central heating in winterCONS:-no fridge-no internet access	
Jan 10 2006	Excellent value	Great location in Central London and just one minute from London Victoria Train Station. Was a little hard to find in the beginning as it was not very visible from the main street but being THAT close to the Train and the Underground, you can zip to anywhere in London city as you wish. Excellent value for the price we paid for the room and the staff are very helpful, especially Mr David at the concierge desk.	
Nov 3 2005	Great Location	We stayed at Thistle Westminster in October 2005 for two nights free as part of a British Airways promotion. The location was excellent for a tourist wanting to see the sights...A block from the underground, about 2 blocks from Victoria Station and walking distance from Buckinham Palace. &quot;The Big Bus&quot; London tour bus has a stop right in front of the Thistle Westminster. Other excursion tour bus companies picked us up right at the Thistle Westminster. Very safe area to walk around at night. The concierge was excellent - we were very pleased with all his recommendations. Our room was not ready for us to check in early when we arrived at 9:00am. At 11:30am, a room was available, so they upgraded our room to an executive room and let us check in early at no charge. The executive room was very roomy, with two twin beds, a couch, 2 desks, plenty of drawer and closet space. There was air conditioning in our room, which we were not expecting from reading other reviews. The internet access in the room was dial-up, but they had a computer with high-speed access in the lobby, for a charge. Although we read that the hotel needs updating, it wasn't bad at all. A lobby couch was a little worn on the arm, but overall, it was fine. Along the lines of a nice marriot. We met someone staying at nearby Rubens, which other trip advisor reviewers said was better to stay at. Rubens looked very posh, but the people we met said the rooms were so tiny they could hardly walk around in it. We would definately stay at Thistle Westminster again.	
Oct 28 2005	a good but not great hotel	This is your standard three star London hotel with very little pretense of being anything else. Because of London prices, it seems fairly expensive for what you get. The room was more than adequate, with twin beds and a sleep sofa. The layout was a rather long, narrow room, maybe 11' by 25'. The room included a mini-fridge, an ironing board built into a wall unit, and several other nice touches. Overall it is more functional than charming, but still was appealingly tasteful. The location is excellent, just a couple blocks from Buckingham Palace and Victoria Station. The breakfast that came with the room included a hot buffet and was fine. Service was fine but nothing exceptional. This is a nice, good hotel, but I wouldn't want to pay too much for it. We got the room for free as part of a British Air package, and were well satisfied with it, but if we were choosing a room from scratch, we might have searched for something that offered a bit more for the price. We saw prices on the internet of around $200/night and that's too much for this hotel. You can do significantly better for that kind of money.	
Jul 17 2005	Do Not Stay Here	This property has been neglected for a long time. We paid $400.00USD a night for a triple room that for 1 1/2 days had no hot water. Air conditioning did not work at all for our 4 night stay. The garden view was full of weeds and appeared to be ignored. The continental breakfast is horrible, the hot breakfast is worse. Furniture in the lobby/sitting room is worn and faded with dated decor.The best compensation we were offered after having to negotiate with the manager was a complimentary dinner at the hotel. No Thank You.$400.00 a night would have given us a room at the Ritz in a United States property. The Thistle Westminster is a consumer ripoff. Do not book a reservation here under any circumstance.	
Apr 29 2005	Nice Stay Convenient Location	The location of this hotel is great!!! Easy access to anything by tube, two streets away from Victoria Station. The rooms are very comfortable and clean. The Big Bus Tour has a pick/up drop off right in front of the hotel. Many good pubs and eaterys are in the area. The location is almost directly behind Buckingham Palace - the Royal Mews are nearly across the street. The concierge was great! Very helpful in all of our questions. We booked our hotel with Virgin Vacations, it was a great stay at a great price.	
Apr 23 2005	Good bargain great location	I read some reviews of the Thistle Westminster prior to booking our trip through Virgin Vacations, and the information was right on. The location of this hotel is great -- easy access to anything by tube (Victoria Station is within easy walking distance) and even better many of London's attractions in the Westminster area (London Eye, Westminster Abbey, Parliament, Buckingham Palace) are within walking distance. We even walked to Trafalgar Square one evening. The exterior of the hotel is not much to look at, but the inside is clean and the rooms are comfortable. The only downside to the hotel itself is the climate control. It was far too hot to sleep and you couldn't adjust the temperature in the rooms. Opening the windows was an option but the noise from the street made it very difficult to sleep. After an uncomfortable first night, I called to ask about moving to a different room hoping for some relief from either the noise or the heat, but there were none open. They did bring us a fan, which helped a lot. I wish they had offered this when I called on the first day to ask how to turn the heat down. The concierge was a big help, and booked us for the London Eye and the Big Bus Tour. The Big Bus actually stops right outside the hotel!The only big disappointment was the restaurant. We had a continental breakfast included with our stay, but it was not clearly marked in the restaurant what was continental fare and what was the English breakfast, and none of the wait staff clarified the difference. Generally speaking the food was less than appetizing, and the &quot;upgrade&quot; to an English breakfast was NOT worth the extra money. Overall it was a good experience and I would recommend this to anyone wanting a good bargain.	
Apr 20 2005	Pleasant 2 Night Stay	Five Seniors from Florida spent 2 nights at Thistle and found it quite acceptable despite reading some negative reviews from others. Our rooms were clean and comfortable, bathrooms could use some updating but were OK. Breakfast was plentiful with a good assortment with a pleasant staff to serve you. If you add hot food (eggs, bacon, etc.) they will charge you an additional 6 pounds, much to choose from if you stay with the Continental.Front Desk Staff were friendly and helpful, with special thanks to David who was most helpful with information, tickets, and luggage handling. The Cafe for Lunch and Dinner was priced a bit high for that which was offered but the Staff worked very hard to please. In time, perhaps they will change their menu. All things considered, we have no complaints.	
Mar 31 2005	Great Location Hotel Run down	I stayed here for twelve nights in December. Staff is great, knowledgable and very helpful. Hotel was obviously once very nice. It really needs a make over. The location is fabulous. Near Victoria Station, all buses, walking distance to Westminster and Picadilly. Restaurant is fair, breakfast just OK. Coffee maker etc in room was very good. (coffee,tea, even soup and nice cookies.)Room was a good size, bathroom was nice, TV had all the stations I wanted. But, room could just need some sprucing up. I like the area, but, would stay at Rubens across the street next time.	
Mar 24 2005	Nice but hot	There is something wrong with the heat there. The common hallways are always hot but thankfully the windows can open and you can sleep in relative comfort, however you become subject to the city traffic that stays fairly constant until 3:00 am. The front desk claims that the heat is timed with the seasons and that the shut off date was a couple of weeks ahead and they then would switch to cooling mode. I just spent 5 days there in March of this year, 2005. The Brits say that it has been unseasonally warm this year but I think it has to do with their tolerance for cool weather. Everywhere we went I was quite comfortable in a long sleeve shirt and no jacket, practically every Brit was bundled up with a coat on. I dwelled on the heat because that was the only negative we found. We decided to go on a Jack the Ripper tour one night on a whim and went down to talk to the concierge about some information. We were able to book it through the hotel at the tour operators price within 5 minutes. The continental breakfast is similar to what you get in the USA but not all the staff offered us toast with our breakfast. We were able to get it upon request. My wife tried the hot breakfast and was dissapointed. There is a magazine shop down the street that sells telephone calling cards. Definetly use this option over the hotel telephone line, they charge your room 1 pound each time you make a call. There are two telephone booths directly in front of the hotel. Start with a 10 pound calling card and see how it goes, we came home with a lot of unused minutes. There is HSBC bank currency changer by Victoria undergound that does not charge a commission. There are many currency conversion centers but you have to negotiate to get the best rate. You can also change currency at a post office for no charge. Bring lots of money or be prepared to charge because London is an expensive city. The tube station is close by and convenient to all sites also there are two doubledecker bus tour operators close by. We went with the &quot;Original bus &quot; because they also offer a free Thames cruise with your ticket. I am not inclined to revisit London soon but would reccomend the Westminster Thistle to my friends.	
Mar 12 2005	What A Dump!	Stayed here the evening of March 5th. As I would only be in London one evening and needed to be close to Victoria Station, I thought that this would be a great hotel - especially based on previous reviews. I guess I should have realized that you certainly get what you pay for and a 77 pound rate in London should have been the tip off! Mold in the shower, the veneer missing in chunks off of the doors, knobs missing off of light switches and heating, only 5 channels of free TV (and no CNN or BBC News Channels). stained carpeting in the halls, hair in the tub.....the list goes on. The worst part is I had to leave the hotel by 6:30am to catch the Gatwick Express and the restaurant didn't open until 7:30am on my departure day. So much for booking a rate that included breakfast! I had the option of having coffee and a croissant delivered to my room at 6:15am but there would be a 3 pound surcharge. Decided to spend the 3 pounds at Victoria instead of wasting any more of my money at this hole in the wall! The only plus to this hotel was that it is only three blocks to the train. I considered staying in Kennsington, but the Circle and District Lines were not operating that weekend so at least I didn't have to shell out for a cab.	
Mar 7 2005	dont stay here	My partner and i stayed here for our anniversary this year. We have always been pleased with the Thistle hotels after staying at the Barbican for his birthday last year, the Tower for another anniversary and the marble arch for work and we have always been really pleased with the brand and the quality of facilities. So imagine our dissappointment when we stayed here and discovered the bed in the first room we were given was broken beyond repair so we had to report it and get another room and was promised keys would be up in a minute. Half an hour later the keys arrived and we were told the delay was due to poor heating in the room and they were waiting for a stand alone heater to warm up. When we got in the room we heard a buzzing noise, my partner is an electrician so decided to look at the heater and said it was a health hazard and couldnt use it. We also discovered the tissue holder in the bathroom was falling off the wall, the pedastall bin had no foot pedal on and didnt work as we closed the curtains the tie back hook came out of the wall. I've never felt so let down and being a special occasion i decided to complain to the duty manager in the morning but thought we would wait till after breakfast. The food was cold and hard. We had to send coffee back twice, we asked for fresh toast and it was cold and there were stains on the chairs. Reading reviews of this and as it cost more than the previous hotels we stayed at, we hoped it would be the perfect theatre break we were looking for but there was nothing modern about this hotel and nothing good to speak of either. We complained to the duty manager and she offered us a free upgrade on our next stay here but as i explained, i wouldnt stay there again if they offered me a free night.	
Mar 6 2005	nice furnishing	My daughter and I spent 1 night in two single rooms in February 2005. The rooms were nicely decorated and quite large. Staff was very unhelpful. Location not great. Stayed there because we were flying out of Gatwick on early flight and wanted to be close to the train. Although the rooms were nice, because of the staff, I would stay here again only if I had to make a train connection.	
Nov 18 2004	Perfect hotel in London	We stayed a week at the Thistle Westminster Nov.10-18 and found it wonderful in every way. We had a twin room and our daughter stayed in a single. Our room was much larger than expected with a small sitting area with a sofa,chair and table. The beds were quite comfortable and the bathroom in great condition. Our daughter's room was larger than usual also. The staff were excellent from the desk clerks to the concierege,the restaurant staff and housekeeping. I had actually left my wallet one day on the floor of the room with credit cards and cash and thankfully found it on the desk when I returned that night. The breakfast served is plentiful with the contiental included for us but extras in a full breakfast buffet if desired. The location was excellent ..two blocks from Victoria station,yet quiet at the hotel area with a bank on the next corner and the Big Bus Tour Office down the street. Would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 18 2004	Better than the victoria thistle!	If you have to stay in a Thistle Hotel in this part of town, then choose this one over the Victoria Thistle. Thistle Westminster reception was welcoming, room was better than expected, but some minor niggles. Heating didn't work, no room service breakfast and the shower pipe sprung a leak soaking the bathroom. Surely the cleaner would have noticed the problem with the shower if they used it to rinse the bath?Breakfast was so-so. I must have had the same salt cellar as another reviewer - no salt, no stopper in the bottom - and I wasn't the only one at breakfast to ask for salt for the same reason! Bizarre!Bed was comfortable &amp; room was clean. it was 100 times better than the abysmal rooms I've had at the Victoria Thistle.	
Nov 2 2004	Please with our Stay	We spent a week in London (from September 15-September 22) and stayed at the Thistle Westminster. The hotel was nice and our room was small by American standards, but I would guess similar in size to other London hotels. The staff was very helpful, we were able to control the room tempature and best of all, the beds came with down comforters. The one thing I would not recommend is the food at the hotel restaurant (especially lunch and dinner menu). On the other hand, the bar, and staff were very nice. Honestly though, we didn't go to London to spend all of our time in a hotel room and the location of the Thistle Westminster is outstanding! It is within walking distance of the Victoria Station, literally across the street from the Royal Mews, and it is very easy to catch a cab in front of the hotel. We got a great rate for our room and the location trumped many of the other more expensive hotels.	
Oct 21 2004	OK - but going downhill		
Oct 13 2004	Convenient but worn		
Oct 13 2004	Very Pleasant Stay		
Oct 1 2004	Good moderate airport hotel.		
Jun 8 2004	Thistle Westminster - Absolutely Fabulous!		
May 1 2004	Not a bad place to stay for the price		
Apr 28 2004	A dump		
Apr 7 2004	Great Hotel		
Mar 22 2004	Don't let looks deceive		
Dec 5 2003	Very decent hotel		
Nov 13 2009 	hotel perfectomagnifica ubicacionbuena relacion calidad-precio		
Sep 23 2009	Achtung Bettwanzen!		
Aug 20 2009 	très déçu - ne vaut pas le prix		
Apr 8 2009 	????????????		
Apr 2 2009 	ottimo		
Oct 15 2008 	ravis de notre séjour!!!!!!!!!!		
Sep 8 2008 	buen hotel		
Apr 2 2008 	Hotel confortable à Westminster		
Feb 5 2008 	Bon hotel + Bon emplacement + EXECELLENT accueil		
Jan 1 2008 	Pessima esperienza-mai più		
