Nov 22 2009 	average corporate hotel: nothing bad nothing very special	stayed 2 nights for a meeting at Excel centre. position is perfect for this. hotel is standard 'executive' style, let down in my view by rather hard bed, minimal and uncomfortable pillows and worn polycotton duvet cover . I paid a reduced rate and would certainly not think it worth the full rate of over £200 a night. Slow checkout but friendly staff.	
Nov 9 2009 	Very good value for a London hotel	After staying in London numerous times before, the Novotel London Excel has been one of the better experiences I have had (and also one of the cheapest - buy one night get one free on a B&amp;B basis was excellent). The hotel is centrally located, directly opposite the Excel Centre on the riverside. As the immediately surrounding area is predominantly for pedestrian use only the rooms are quieter than many in London. The room was large, clean and comfortable. Although the beds have been criticized on one of the lower reviews, these actually appeared to be of quite high quality (as many foam mattresses are now...). However, the bathroom arrangements at this hotel are slightly strange, although clean and offering separate bath and shower facilities. The main bathroom is separated from the bedroom by a split door mirrored on one side, with a large gap between the two sections which may present a privacy issue for some visitors (although I wasn't personally too concerned). The toilet is located in a small separate room from the main bathroom. This may have proven a useful facility however, as the small toilet room lacks a sink this feature is pointless for anyone with a basic level of personal hygiene. Very expensive internet connection for a hotel otherwise well suited to business travellers. Breakfast is buffet style, with continental options of a high standard. Hot options are of mixed quality, eggs microwaved etc. but not bad generally. Evening food services mediocre. The hotel has some food safety issue with serving rare meats...I don't really see the point in asking how you would like food cooked if everything ends up medium anyway. Desert of very poor quality, completely inedible. Overall a good London hotel for a B&amp;B stay, just look elsewhere for an evening meal wherever possible.	
Nov 6 2009 	Really nice hotel which is excellent location for 02!	Me and my boyfriend stayed at this hotel as we were going to see Michael Mcintyre live at the 02. This hotel was excellent value for money and staff were extremely helpful! Room was v.nice [nicest hotel room we've ever stayed in] and queen size bed was soo comfy! As our rate included breakfast we had it both mornings- so much variety at breakfast and it was really nice. Excellent location from 02 arena as only 1 stop on the dlr to Canning town then u can get a jubilee line underground to North Grenwich. All in all we would both reccomend this hotel to family &amp; friends. Only downside has to be your so close to London City airport you get alot of noise from the planes but we wore earplugs when sleeping and it didnt bother us- plus last flights are about 9pm anyway.	
Nov 3 2009 	Thank you tesco vouchers	This is the only Novotel I could get for whitsun weekend that would accept Tesco clubcard vouchers in full payment for 2 nights. We had Chessington Adventure tickets also though tesco clubcard vouchers so although a bit of a drive 45 mins, was still a cheap break. The car park is underneath hotel and is guarded by cage doors, I stood there ages trying to work out how to open the cage, in the end it was just a button to press. The reception is 2 flights of stairs up, lift available. The reception staff are polite but not friendly , all foreign and left check in very in personal. The room was 1 double bed and a pull out sofa bed for 2 kids which made the small room even smaller. I dont know if a larger family room is available but it was not offered to us. Consequently used just as a place to sleep. A dockland location on the doorstep of excel building with all manner or takeaway outlets, noodle bars etc. Lots of strangely dressed teenagers in extremely high spirits made our stay 'interesting' including a fire alarm for smoking in bedroom which evacuated the hotel for 1 hour. Had a drink on the bar outside terrace overlooking the dockland which was very pleasant. A little shop over the road sells choc, crisps, pop, sandwiches and alchohol which was great for an impromtu picnic. Close enough to walk to nearest tube 10 mins, and 1 tube stop away from 02. Went to 02 cinema at aprpox 2pm and only 1 other family in there, a very strange experience, like we'd hired it for ourselves !!	
Oct 22 2009	Europe highlight 18 days	greats location n view, near docklands (outside London), luxury n modern hotel with friendly staff, nice n comfort bedrooms.	
Oct 20 2009 	Friendly Staff - Rooms need to be better especially the bed	I stayed at this hotel 16-18th for a weekend away in London. I did the booking through Lastminute.com and paid £158 for the two nights, breakfast not included. It is in Docklands and some people would find it too far from the centre of London but it is situated between two DLR stops and the service is frequent so not an issue for myself.The lobby area is very nice and the reception staff were very helpful and friendly on each occasion I had contact with them.The room itself was disappointing. I guess that I was expecting a little too much for a 4 star classification, but my first impressions on entering the room was little different from a Holiday Inn Express.The toilet is in a seperate room from the bathroom, which is a nice touch. But the two problems that soon become evident is that you have to squeeze to the side of the toilet to shut the door and there is not much room to squeeze, and that there is no washbasin in the toilet.My main complaint about the room was the bed. It was my 2nd most uncomfortable hotel bed in recent times (my worst was at the Manchester Airport Hilton). I checked the mattress the morning after my first night and found that it was not even a mattress! It was a foam slab on slats - this is certainly not what I would have expected for a 4 star hotel or really any hotel. I have attached a photo of the foam slab.The other point that some may find difficult is that the hotel is in the take off path for London City Airport. With the window closed it did not disturb me. The flights did stop at night and I remember hearing the first flight in the morning at about 06:30.Inside the hotel on the room floors it did seem very quiet. I heard no noise coming from adjacent rooms which was nice.Overall I feel that the hotel was not worth the discounted price that I paid let alone the standard price that you might have to pay.	
Oct 16 2009 	A great base if working at the EXCEL	This modern hotel is perfect when working at the excel (which is next door). It has onsite secure parking, good bar food, an excellent breakfast, and clean, tidy and quiet rooms which is amazing as the City airport is in eyeshot if you venture outside.	
Oct 14 2009 	If you are not lucky..	you might get a call on the day of check-inn and found yourself booked in a lower class hotel 20 minutes away from excel.	
Oct 8 2009 	Nice hotel lovely service	A great find. The hotel is well positioned for the DLR, comfortable, with good sized, clean and well equipped rooms. I liked the separate bathroom/lavatory, and the fact there was both a bath and shower cubicle. The toiletries supplied were nice and tea/coffee plentiful.Check in was a pleasure - the lady on the desk, Laura, was friendly and helpful. Nothing bad to say about this hotel, it was great (particularly at the price I got at short notice!). Recommended.	
Oct 2 2009 	Football dominating the Lobby Area	My decision to choose this hotel to stay in while in London was not a good one as it is much further away from central London than I expected. That may have coloured my feelings about the hotel which at best were indifferent. However, one good thing about it is it's closeness to Custom House DLR &quot;tube&quot; station and it couldn't be closer to Excel if that is your ultimate destination. I was not impressed by the carpet in the room as it was stained in various places (Room 647). I asked for a room with a view and I got one which overlooked Excel and the Royal Dock (I believe it was). I remain very curious about the view from the rooms on the opposite side of the corridor as as far as I see, this hotel abutted the Ibis Hotel which is part of the same structure and thus must have had no windows. The hotel is directly under the flight path of incoming flights to London City Airport and these flights start at around 6.30am. I was surprised at how many flights appear to land there. I noted airline staff stay at the hotel. The reception staff are nice and friendly. However, they are of various nationalities and one or two do not appear to have a good command of English. As there appeared to be many nationalities staying at the hotel (probably due to it's location close to London City Airport) and the fact that airline staff (not sure what nationality but European) stay there, then perhaps the reception staff specialise in other languages rather than English. Or, it may have been my Irish accent.But the one major criticism that I have about this hotel is the fact that it appears to be customary for the bar and thus the whole reception area and most probably the restaurant also, to be dominated by the screening of (presumably major) soccer games at top volume. Thus anyone who wished to have a quiet drink is obliged to either sit outside on the decked area (too cold to do that while I was there) or to sit in the restaurant to have a meal and thus be restricted to the restaurant menu or, stay in ones room or go elsewhere. I asked about this and was told it is expected and there were people there who presumably were there because of these football matches. However, I noticed other people were there who did not appear to be taking an interest in the football. I may be out of touch but I find it extraordinary that a 4 star hotel should be reducing itself to the level of a regular pub by this take over of the whole lobby area by football on a regular basis. For that reason alone, I wouldn't stay there again.	
Sep 27 2009 	Nice Hotel in Docklands	September 2009 – we stayed at this hotel as part of a Concert (at the O2) package.The hotel is easy to get to (Custom House on the DLR) - 5 minute walk from the station, most of it covered.It is in a very quiet area and you can have drinks on the terrace overlooking the water – very relaxing.As mentioned this was part of a package including a concert at the O2. We did assume that it would be closer to the O2. (Our fault – we should have looked at the map.) The O2 is the other side of the river. So it involves either a Taxi ride or the DLR. We chose taxi – the traffic was a nightmare, both going and returning. (I would suspect the DLR would be very busy after a concert also.) So we would recommend finding a closer hotel for the O2.All that said we enjoyed the hotel – the room was on the small side, but we didn’t go for spacious rooms. There was plenty of storage space and a safe – always useful.The toilet was separate to the bathroom and it is only a toilet, no hand basin, so it was a walk to the bathroom to wash hands. (Note, though, that the toilet was so small that it would be difficult to get a basin in.) The bathroom was compact – the shower door was large in relation to the size of the bathroom so was difficult to negotiate. Breakfast was good – a buffet with most things – although, strangely, no fried eggs. (An irritant was that the menu specified the calories of each item, useful if you are on a diet, I suppose, but when on a holiday so you really want this information?)The hotel is out in the docklands, so if you are visiting London for the main sites and/or the West End then a more central hotel would be more convenient.All in all a nice hotel.	
Sep 25 2009 	Stylish quiet and close to City Airport	Having stayed at two Sofitels in London, the Novotel ExCel was an attempt to keep my expenses within budget. I was worried that it would be a soulless 'chain' hotel. No worries required there.The best way to get to the hotel is by DLR rail: choose 'Custom House' stop and the train drops you about 5 minutes' walk away. You go up from the railway as if to enter the ExCel exhibition centre, and then down right onto the open plaza which surrounds the hotel.The setting was lovely for a London hotel; no traffic noise, plenty of open space to walk about, a riverside frontage and a sense of safety. It's been built in what was reclaimed dockland, and is surrounded by prestige loft developments.There were no conferences at ExCel when I stayed, which probably made things a lot easier. The hotel itself is a combination of post-modern boutique and upmarket chain. Little things have been squeezed in to make it a really good experience: 30 minutes' free, fast Internet access on large Apple machines in the lobby; a full-length mirror in the bathroom; a shower as well as a bath; a really large, really comfortable bed. I really couldn't fault the facilities and I only paid £99 for bed and breakfast on a special offer. There's not much to buy, see or do close by - but I was there on business and not out for entertainment.There is aircraft noise from City Airport which is only 15 minutes' cheap ride away by DLR train; but you only hear the noise if you open your room window (yes, it opens!) The staff were young, polite, helpful and the usual selection of French/Russian/European that Accor seem to employ. My only criticism is that the bar was a bit 'blokey' - nice if you are a man or a (soccer) football fan - the bar plays constant sports matches on big-screen TVs.	
Sep 15 2009 	Value for money	My husband and I stayed at this hotel during august 08 and managed to get a great deal- possibly because there was nothing going on in the Excel at the time- 89 GBP per night including breakfast. It is conveniently located 2 mins from the DLR which runs very frequently to canary wharf and easily connects to central London. Meanwhile, being situated next to the river it offers magnificent views, especially for the breakfast hall.	
Sep 6 2009 	excellent service really enjoyable experience	Was a little bit worried about the location but needn,t have worried ,it took about 30 minutes to get into london by rail and tube. really easy to get to and i am useless with maps and directions dont let the location put you off it is well worth it the hotel is relaxing, it has a calm and relaxing atmosphere and the staff cant do enough for you nothing is a problem we booked through superbreak, rail tickets hotel bed and breakfast all included in the price the food was lovely. well worth a look .we had a great time harrods and a show fab weekend thanks for a great stay definately go back x the only negative the drinks at the bar were a little expensive 2 wines and a lager £16 . Ill get over it.	
Aug 30 2009 	cannot fault this hotel	Stayed as a family of 4 for 2 nights over bank holiday weekend.From parking our car in their own secure carpark, £12 per night, right down to checking out, the staff went out of their way to give excellent service and were very friendly, polite, gave good tourist information and nothing was too much trouble ( we asked for an extra spoon at breakfast and were brought 3 by 3 seperate waiters). The breakfast was very good, from cereals right through to danish pastries, fresh fruit , continental and full english breakfast, and juice/water options alone meant that one could try a different juice every day for a week! We had the good fortune of sunshine and were able to take our breakfast on the upper deck terrace overlooking the docks and the O2. We were sightseeing mainly in the west end so travelled by DLR and tube usually which was all part of the fun. This is a perfect place to stay for the O2 and the Excel Centre is only 100 metres away. I would say the best rooms with views would be overlooking the docks and O2 although we were the opposite side, but didnt exactly have much time to be looking out of windows. We liked the bath and the shower was very good, i thought it was good having the toilet away from the sleeping area, by the entrance door to the room, but would have liked to see a small handbasin rather than have to walk round to the bathroom, however, on balance, i think the layout was well thought out. XBox 360 in reception and few bricks and toys for younger ones, and two internet stations, all free. All in all, an excellent stay and would like to return again, would not hesitate to book here if we wanted to be in this area, as I think it was in a really good situation too, as a lot of the other hotels are back to back, whereas there was lots of open space by Novotel. Nearly forgot to mention, we were checking out on the sunday, and wanted to squeeze in more sightseeing that day so were able to book late 4pm checkout at no extra charge to us which enabled us to see a little more of the local area. I understand that you are able to do this on a sunday if you request on booking and the hotel is not overly busy.	
Aug 29 2009 	Good Hotel except no air conditioning!	My partner and I stopped at the Novotel London Excel for 2 nights during August 2009. We were staying in London for 2 nights to visit friends and family in London and chose the Novotel due to the location and ease of access from the motorway.We arrived at 2pm to be advised our room was not yet ready, but were offered an upgrade to an executive room for £10 per night. This provided free wired internet access, coffee making machine and bath robes. We both felt that it was worth the extra £20 as most hotels we've stopped at recent charged some extortionate rate for wifi!The breakfast was a buffet breakfast and provided a wide selection of cereals, cold meat and cheeses and the usual english breakfast. The breakfast was of a very high standard and the service very good from the staff.The car park is very narrow and difficult to get your car in and out of if you have anything other than a hatch back (we have an SUV). This was a little tricky for us but wouldn't put us off staying again.The only major issue we had was the air conditioning, or lack of. The hotel clearly advertises on their website and marketing literature that their rooms are air conditioned. This is not the case and the hotel state this is not the case when you complain. The rooms are fitted with 'air cooling' systems which only work when the outside temperature gets to a certain level. When we stayed there the temperature outside was 26 oC which was obviously pretty hot and left us with an uncomfortable nights sleep.Overall, we thought this was a good hotel and provided good value for money, albeit the rooms are hot due to the lack of air con.	
Aug 23 2009 	Fantastic	Stayed here for a 2 night weekend with friends. We booked with super break and got the trip including rail travel for £130 per couple.On arrival we were greeted by friendly helpful staff who couldn't do enough for us.Our rooms were on the 5th floor with views over the docks. The rooms were spotless and roomy, with both bath and shower.Breakfast was included in the package which was served between 6am and 12.. This was an excellent buffet style breakfast.When booking out, our train was only 7:30pm, The staff were helpful and allowed us to leave our luggage at the hotel enabling us to spend the rest of the day in London luggage free.All in all this is an excellent hotel with staff who are well mannered friendly and very very helpful.	
Aug 18 2009 	Friendly staff and value for money choice	I manage to book for 6 nights at 79 pounds/night (with breakfast), and stayed in early Aug 09. It's a special promotion that must be confirmed at least 21 days in advance and thereafter no cancellation/amendment allowed. So you need to plan every itinerary nicely.The staff were friendly and helpful always. The breakfast menu excellent, and replenished almost quite immediately even during peak hours around 9am. The location is good if you are planning most of your visits to east/southeast of London (or if you are coming from London City Airport). A train journey to central london can about 25-30 minutes.The hotel is somewhat situated between 2 DLR stations, Royal Victoria and Custom House, though officially they will ask you to use the latter due to proper covered-walkways elected along the way. If you do not wish to lunch/dine at the hotel restaurant (it's quite expensive), there are a few eating establishments nearby - Oriental and Western, as well as Japanese food available. Also, a convenience store about 2 minutes walk.The hotel's family-friendly policy always welcomed. You can have 2 children below 16 staying in the same room as parents, thereby taking pressure off your wallet. Breakfast for the children inclusive, if you (adults) opt for the room package with breakfast included.Nice view of the docklands area, my room had a view that oversees the London Excel, and a peek of the London City Airport runway from afar. My family had no problems with noise when the airplanes took off, I guess it's a personal threshold thing.Will stay here again for future holiday plan to London.	
Aug 15 2009 	Good hotel close enough to London	Located next to the conference center, so you might only have availability when there's nothing going on in the area.The hotel is modern and clean, the rooms could be a bit larger. Haven't tried breakfast nor dinner there (was a short overnight stay).It's a good alternative when hotels in the center are full (on the DLR line, but taxi starts to become expensive).	
Aug 3 2009 	Absolutely Fantastic	My friend and I booked a one night stay in this hotel through lastminute.com and paid £89 for bed and breakfast. It turned out that our room was a suite on the top floor of the hotel. It was absolutely fabulous. Top of the range sound system in the room, 2 LCD tvs, beautiful, clean beds, bathroom etc, everything you would expect from a great hotel. Staff were friendly and helpful. Breakfast was delicious, there was a fabulous choice. I would love to stay here again. The location is not perfect but the train station is only a 2 minute walk and it's maybe 25 mins to travel to the city centre. We originally booked because we were due to see Michael Jackson at the o2, for which this hotel would have been perfect. However, we went to the Thriller Live stage show (also wonderful) and travelling to and from the city centre was no problem. Highly recommended, I am one very happy customer!!	
Jul 29 2009 	nice hotel would use again	stayed at this hotel for a short break in London, after reading all the other reviews i was confident it would be OK.Checked in at 13.30 on the Friday and had a short (15 min) wait for the room to be ready so went into the bar and had a drink while we waited, the receptionist came over to us with our room card while in the bar which i thought was a nice touch.Our room was on the 6th floor and was well appointed with a well stocked mini bar and a nice bathroom with both bath and shower and also a separate toilet (need a sink in there).The beds proved to be very comfortable and the room was nice and cool, the noise from city airport stops at 22.00 hrs and didnt hear a thing after that.Breakfast was really nice with all tastes catered for didn't have an evening meal in the hotel but had a sandwich from the bar which was very good although £7.50 a bit pricey.	
Jul 24 2009 	Excellent hotel friendly staff peaceful location	I booked 2 nights in this hotel for me, husband &amp; 2 young sons through Superbreaks &amp; couldn't believe the deal. I paid approx £100 for 2 nights incl breakfast! (Cheaper than staying at a Premier Inn). Family room was modern &amp; had enough room for our needs. Great view of the Thames from our window. Location was about 30-45 mins out of central London so not a good choice if you are impatient to be at all the London attractions asap. We didn't mind as the DLR train travel was all part of the fun ( our 4 yr old enjoyed pretending to drive the DLR train as you can sit right at the front; no drivers onboard). I would recommend this hotel because the staff were really friendly, the food excellent, especially the breakfast was one of the best I've had as there was a huge hot &amp; cold buffet choice. There is also an X-Box in Reception, free for anyone to use which proved popular with our 2 sons. A very spacious contemporary hotel. Peaceful location &amp; gives you some relief from the London fumes after a day of sightseeing!	
Jul 13 2009 	can't be better!	I travelled from the northwest down to London for leisure. I got an excellent last minute deal at this hotel. I arrived late at night staff were very nice and friendly. I got my room which I did not like cause it has no view. They changed it straight away to me when I requested.room was very nice and very clean. the area was very quiet. car parking was very easy unlike hotels in central London. I was driving everyday to central London which wasn't a problem to me. On departure I over slept so I was late for check out more than 3 hours. staff were very friendly in their approach. I will stay in it again when i visit London next time.	
Jul 10 2009 	Excellent Hotel great value comfortable quiet with good links into London	Another stay for three nights at this very good hotel. Rooms are spacious, well furnished with quality bed linen. Hotel provides a shuttle to Canary Wharf which has several ggod eateries as well as the Jubilee underground line to Central London. The DLR line is five minutes walk fro the hotel as an alternative route into town. Friendly staff and excellent buffet breakfasts mean that this is always our hotel of choice for London.	
Jul 2 2009 	No Aircon/More like a 3 star hotel	I stayed here for one night and it was the most uncomfortable nights sleep i have ever had. My room was like a sauna, far far to hot to sleep in, the so called air conditioning was on maximum however was recyling warm air back into the room. I presumed there was a fault with the system so I reported this to reception. The receptionist informed me the hotel did not have air conditioning it was an air cooling system which could only cool the room 3c below the temp outside, so while the outside temp was in the region of 30+ my hotel bedroom wasnt far off this unpleasent heat. Please Novotel dont advertise your rooms as air conditioned when they are not.	
Jul 2 2009 	fine for overnight stay after 02 concert	We stayed at this hotel for one night, after a conert at the 02. The hotel was clean and breaskfast had a good selection. Our only gripe was that we had a room on the 3rd floor overlooking the Excel. It was quite a hot night so had the window open and we were not amused that we could hear people messing about on the seating area outside below are rooms untill about 2am.	
Jun 29 2009 	Perfect for ExCel ... high quality hotel experience	We had a conference to attend on the Saturday so stayed in the Novotel Friday night . The location could not be better, a short 2 minute walk to the ExCel. There are a number of restaurants aound the area but we opted for room service which was great, there is a good variety of things to choose! The style of our room was very unique. The toilet was seperate from the bathroom which was different to usual! The Japanese style bathroom was great though! If looking for a hotel near the Excel or even O2 arena, this would be a good choice! It is also about a 20 minute walk to the Thames Barrier ... an interesting walk if you are looking for something to do on a sunny day! There is a great little park area near by.	
Jun 22 2009 	Rather nice but cot beds aren't optional items	We had a weekend stay at this hotel. We had no problem with parking in the hotel carpark but were not happy that despite reassurance before we booked that two cots could be provided (we have twins) - the receptionist seem to almost take delight in telling us that they didn't have any and although he would try and locate one (no, one wouldn't do with twins), that cots are not guaranteed. Husband had to step in and say we'd had confirmation of two cots and they did eventually appear but why did he feel the need to worry us. Other than that, the hotel was rather lovely. We ate in the restaurant and the staff were always friendly and helpful (food was slightly overpriced but it is a hotel.) The room was fine (although the toilet being separate to the bathroom was odd and the bathroom was a tad small) but the room was clean. Teas and coffees were replenished but not the milks or sugars! Overall, we liked the hotel.	
Jun 18 2009 	Excellent Hotel	Staff are excellent, the hotel is excellent for excel arena and o2 arena, excellent transport links to outer and central london Drink prices are on the higher side but local cafe and supermarkets down the road make up for thisRooms are very nice, only thing i didnt like was the toilet being separate.	
Jun 15 2009 	Nice hotel friendly staff good location for excel	I stayed here prior to a conference at the ExCel centre. The hotel is clean, the bed was really comfy, the decor was nice, the food in the bar was good (although slightly pricy but hey it's a hotel). The staff on reception were very friendly and helpful. I would stay here again for the ExCel although it's a bit of a trek into the centre of London. really nice views of Canary Wharf and the O2 and quite close to Greenwich.	
Jun 8 2009 	The staff make this place great	I stayed at the Novotel the night before an exam at the Excel Centre. Good points: The location cannot be beat-- less than a minute's walk from the center.I had room service dinner and breakfast, and both were excellentDesign of the room was innovative, I like the separate toilet and the sleek sink and bathI was really impressed by the warm welcome I received from the staff and the genuine friendliness and helpfulness of everyone I encountered while staying at the hotel. The warmest welcome I've had at a London hotel!Bad points:Noise-- the hotel is under the City Airport flight path. I arrived at around 5pm and asked to change my initial room (facing the courtyard) because the noise of jets taking off was really loud. My new room was on the same side as the hotel's main entrance, so had some traffic noise from coaches/deliveries, but the aircraft noise was not as bad. As far as I can tell the flights stop at around 10pm so this would probably not disturb your sleep, but if you're hoping to study or work in peace before 10pm I would advise choosing your room carefully.	
May 25 2009 	Bad service!	We stayed at this hotel on the 23rd May for a concert at the 02. we booked the hotel via last minute. We called the hotel the day before the booking to request a Smoking room we were assured this had been done and a smoking room had been allocated. Once we got into the room we realised it was not a smoking room so we went to reception and asked for a smoking room like we were allocated we were told that there were none available and she was very rude and unhelpful. we also asked to change the room as the smell in the room was disgusting. we were given another room may I add not a smoking room. we were told that we would be called to let us know if a smoking room became available but we did not hear anything. The customer service as this hotel was awful and I would not recommend this hotel as it does not represent good hotels in london well. The lift in the hotel is so slow i had to wait around ten minutes for the lift to arrive at my floor to get down and the stairs are not signed.To add the hotel room was bland and not at the standard I expected from the hotels website photos or a 4 star hotel. I have stayed in much nicer hotels for a cheaper price. The Hotel was very loud, we arrived back to our room at around 11.30 pm there was alot of banging from the rooms above and next door.	
May 9 2009 	Really good for money	This was the first time that I had booked into a hotel with a boyfriend and thought instantly that it was a good choice. Although the location is a bit of a pain being in the 3rd zone, I found that it eventually became not a problem. The staff are friendly and the hotel was very clean, though I must say that I found it strange that the toilet was separate from the bathroom, without a sink and that the bath plug wouldn't unblock. I liked the fact that the internet was free and had a limit of 20 minutes per person so I wouldn't have to wait for long to check my emails, the weather etc. Another negative would be that we paid for the buffet breakfast but felt that we didn't eat £10's worth as we could only eat so much.But all in all, I think this hotel is really great and my boyfriend agreed. We've even rebooked another stay for the summer.	
May 8 2009 	Always welcoming and friendly	The level of service is what distinguishes this hotel from many other that I have stayed in. I have always found the staff at the Novotel to be very friendly, helpful and efficient. It is ideally situated for ExCel and the O2. The rooms are a good size, modern and very clean, and the separate toilet is a good design feature. The reception area is light and airy with wonderful modern floral plantings. It flows naturally into a welcoming bar overlooking the dockside. The food is of good quality and my only gripe is that if you order anything other than the buffet breakfast eg a poached egg rather than the scrambled eggs that were available, it takes rather a long time to arrive. A small complaint amongst the many good things I could say. I always look forward to going there.	
May 6 2009 	Pleasant stay good quality hotel few things they should fix	I've stayed in many hotels. This is a good standard hotel, location is great for Excel, O2 or even sightseeing, its not hard to make your way into London with the DLR right on your doorstep.Something that they should make clear on their web site is about parking. They do indeed have parking, it is good value at £12 per day if you can get a space. They have only 75 spaces I think, which are shared between both the Novotel and Ibis hotels. When we arrived after a long journey with two children, there were no spaces. We were advised there was more parking just down the road in the NCP but when I aked about the cost, I was informed it didn't have preferential rates, it was £25 per day. A huge increase! After a long conversation with the duty manager, who I didn't find to be particularly helpful, we managed to negotiate a free days parking to compensate. As it turned out, my partner was able to get a space after speaking to the nice men who looked after the car park who saved us a space that became available. The even moved their van for us so that we could park and unload whilst we checked in. I have no problem with paying to park but it should be made clear on the website / when you book that parking is very limited and the additional costs when parking elsewhere. It allows you to then make an informed decision about whether to drive or not.Setting is really nice, with terraces overlooking the water.The rooms, are lovely, very modern, spacious even with two children! The sofabed was a good size for the kids and they slept well on it. The bathroom is nice, strong shower. The seperate toilet is a little bizarre, nover come across this before in a hotel room. You have to go from the toilet to the bathroom to wash your hands as there is no sink in there! Doesn't sound too bad, but not great when you are staying there.. It also needed some more amenities in it, like a bin and a toilet brush.... This is one of the quietest hotels I've stayed in, the noise from other guests was not noticeable at all. Yes, you can hear the planes but it wasn't an issue.Breakfast was lovely, and I felt excellent value at £15, plus the kids ate for free with us which was great.The gentleman who checked us out was really nice and restored my faith in the front desk.Overall, a great stay, I would go back, good quality, not over priced. Good location. Sorry for the long review, but wanted to include things that I'd like to know.	
May 1 2009 	Great for the O2	We booked the hotel as one of the Secret hotels on last minute, so got a great room at a fairly cheap rate, considering this is London. It was cheaper than staying in a local pub!We loved our room which was spacious, had a seperate loo and great views of the Thames. We really enjoyed one or two evening drinks at the bar, as you can sit outside on the terrace and admire the O2 and the Thames by night. It made a very relaxing evening. One small complaint would be that the staff at the bar are not very friendly and could do with smiling if they want to cash in more tips.	
Apr 24 2009 	Another comfortable and reliable stay at a Novotel	The hotel is a 2 min walk from Excel and 5 min walk from Custom House DLR. The journey from my office nr Bank took 45-50 minutes, changing at Westferry and again at Canning Town. First impression of hotel was good - its very modern, light and large lobby area with lounge area, bar, restaurant and outside seating over the dock. Then taking the lift up to our room on 7th floor - the hotel seem to go back in time 20 years to dark, brown, old fashioned corridors. Lets the rest of hotel down. Fortunately the room was much nicer - and will be familiar to anyone who has stayed in a Novotel before - the room was idential to our room at the Novotel in Lille ! Room was clean, well stocked mini-bar, and very comfortable bed. There was a nasty smell of drains everytime we ran the sink tap which was very unpleasant. Breakfast was good, not a great choice on the fruit / cereal front, but nice hot selection, and a lovely setting overlooking the docks.Other than the smelly sink, a good stay, and would stay again if needed to be near Excel.	
Mar 24 2009 	Excellent value for weekend trip	We stayed one Friday night but would have happily stayed for more. The hotel was clean, ultra modern and our room had everything you could wish for including a lovely view of the waterside surrounding the Excel Centre. All the staff we encountered were very friendly, especially the reception staff. Breakfast was included and was the best we have had for a while (and we travel quite a bit) - the choice was very good and everything looked fresh and the hot food was beautifully cooked. Although the hotel is about half an hour out on the DLR, it is worth the trip (treat it as part of the fun if you are a stranger in town) as the planes to London City stop at night and it's lovely and quiet, and surrounding area very clean and pleasant. We got a train back after the theatre at around midnight so no problem there. We got a great deal and only paid £69 for this super 4* hotel - fantastic!	
Mar 8 2009 	Great	Have just come back from a 2 night weekend stay. Me and husband and 1 year old son. Location was great near to DLR station although it was a bit of a way from central london if you just want to do tourist things. Cleanliness was excellent (no dust at all and I look for it trust me!) When we arrived was a bit concerned about the planes but they are not every 10 minutes as a previous reviewer has said they seemed to stop during the night and the first one on saturday morning was 7am.Our room was big enough for a travel cot and i m sure you could have the sofa bed and travel cot out as well although it would be a squeeze. We eat and drank in bar bothe good service and quality of food. Breakfast was excellent, however on Sunday a little busy - why do hotels never have enough glasses for juice ? Would definately stay here again and if you were going to something in excel it would be perfect	
Feb 22 2009 	will never stay here again	I stayed for four nights at the Novotel Docklands and I will never stay there again.The room ws clean and pretty spacious. The bed was a nice big size but a bit hard, while the bathroom facilities are of a decent standard.But the hotel room suffered from two problems which acted in concert: It was very warm, and the hotel is right under the flight path for London City Airport. So my first night was spent alternating between sweltering and then, when i opened the window to cool the room, listening to planes landing every ten minutes.So my first night passed with no sleep. Then i discovered the thermometer on the wall and also the air condition swtich. Having palyed with these, i was able to add &quot;shivering cold&quot; to my list of activities for the evening. The temperature control in the rooms is up the wall. I say 'rooms' plural because i asked to be moved to a different room halfway through my stay, only to meet with the same problems.The staff are generally lovely but one fellow on the reception at night was surly to the point that I had to ask him what his problem was, to which i got a grunted 'Nothin''. But thats not really a big deal, I dont think i would enjoy his job and it looks like he wasnt either. Anyway, by the third day of my stay i had come down with something thanks to the constantly altering room temperature and lack of sleep. By the time I left I felt as rough as I ever have in my life. My last trip to the area, i stayed in a nearby Travelodge. The only difference between that place and the Novotel that i could readily establish was price. The Novotel charges for EVERYTHING, and at ridiculous rates. There are no frills and very few compliamentaries, so if you forget your toothbrush expect to pay for one from the desk (almost everywhere else i ever stayed has free ones)Oh, and its £14.50 for a full English breakfast, £17.50 if you want it in your room. What is that about? That is just taking the proverbial. Fourteen and a half pounds is outrageous. I suggest riding the DLR one stop to Canning Town station and going to the cafe over the road, where you will get the same if not better for £3.50.Never again.	
Feb 17 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location Good Value.	Myself and some friends spent one night here as we were visiting the Excel Centre. I was very pleased with the hotel as it cost approx £100 for the night and i believed that i got my value for money. The hotel has its own carpark which is situated underneath the building, it is good value for money, it was £12 for 24 hours when i stayed there. They have their own bar and restaurant, the service in the bar is fantastic, the prices are good aswell. The food in the restaurant is just delicious. The rooms are really spacious in the room that i was in there was two double beds. In each room there is a HD flat screen tv with a choice of channels, mini bar with resonably priced items. You can also get room service which is very efficient. This hotel is by far one of the best that i have stayed in whislt in London. I would highly recommend the Novotel.	
Jan 10 2009 	Good location for the city	We got a deal for this hotel and paid far less than it would have actually cost. Arrived at 10:30 am and they still checked us in without complaining. Very professional staff and they spoke many languages. Room was a good size and spotless. Breakfast buffet was great and the views from the terrace are excellent. There is nothing around in that area unless there is an event at Excel Center. But that doesn't matter because you can catch the DLR (train) into London from Custom House (train station) which is a 5 min walk from the hotel. Overall a very good modern hotel.	
Jan 2 2009 	Excellent value for money!!!	When at first I learned that the hotel was in fact situated out in the Docklands area I was concerned about having to travel miles to get into the city each day. This however presented no problem for us as the DLR and Tube made getting to and from the hotel a breeze.From the time we checked in until we left, we were well cared for by every single member of the staff we had contact with.The hotel itself seems to be relatively new and modern and caters well for young and old.I can hightly recomend this hotel to anyone wanting quality accommodation at really affordable rates. We were 3 sharing a room double bed and sleeper couch and it cost us ZAR 8000 +- USD800 for 5 nights	
Jan 1 2009 	perfect base but expect no frills	We have just returned from a new year break at the Notel with my husband and 7 year old son, which is our second stay at this hotel. We use it as a base to spend our time in London as we can drive directly there, leave all our luggage and then take the DLR into London which takes about 45 minutes. For this it is perfect. Main hotel areas are nicely decorated and rooms clean. However, I would not recommend using this hotel for any more than that. The hotel is souless lacking any personality or frills. This time we stayed , breakfast was included but I would have asked for a refund if I have had had to pay. Service was slow, taking 10 minutes to get my tea, a futher 5 minutes for milk to go with it and then another 10 minutes for a spoon to stir it with and no apology was given. The self serve breakfast ran out very quickly and staff took a long time to replenish it.I would use this hotel again as it is modern, comfortable, clean and convenient but I would ensure that I would not use any of its other services but to choose to dine in the many places London has to offer.	
Dec 4 2008 	Ghost town	I stayed here after being allocated the hotel by my company wjilst visiting offices in Canary Wharf. If there's no event going on at the Excel, then the area is souless. That said, the bar / terrace area is good, but being winter I did not make full use of it.ffIt's a shame it's not on the actual Jubilee line, as you have to get the DLR in order to link to the tube network, but one thing that's not made clear is that they lay on a free shuttle bus to / from Canary Wharf every 20 mins in the morning and evening. The bus is a luxury van that only seats 7. This makes things a bit easier. A cab fare would cost around £7	
Nov 24 2008 	Great if you are working at Excel...	Excellent hotel - modern and clean with good views of Docklands. Not a central location for London so dont choose if you want to be in the middle of everything.However - good daily buffet style food so lots of lovely choices.Very friendly and charming staff - however my colleague and i had hysterics one evening - during the evening meal we were asked on EIGHT seperate occasions if we were enjoying our meal!Fab for ExCel - you literally walk out the door and you are there.Rather expensive mini bar items - £2.50 for a mars bar!!!	
Nov 23 2008 	Good Novotel and (obviously) handy for Excel	Very close to Excel (2 mins walk) and the same again from the DLR station. Friendly reception staff, nice reception area and bar (closes reasonably early for a hotel). reception area has Macs you can use. Hot and cold buffet breakfast was good. Rooms - standard Novotel but clean and bed was very comfortable. All in all a good choice if you are visiting/exhibiting at the Excel.	
Oct 8 2008	Cramped and Stuffy	I requested when making my booking a triple room. When we finally got to the hotel at 22.30 - (as the booking confirmation stated the hotel was called the novotel excel, however the taxi driver could not find a hotel by this name and after many phone calls the taxi driver was advised that the hotel was in fact called the novotel - not novotel excel) was given a room with a double bed and a fold out sofa of which my 19 year old daughter had to sleep on for four nights. The bathroom was directly off the room and when having showers the room steamed up and got very muggy. Food was very expensive upon arrival we were very hungry however this was very quickly dampened when we saw that that the price of a sandwich was 9 pounds!. The hotel was definately not worth the nightly tariff and as I had paid upfront was not in the position to negotiate a better room.	
Oct 7 2008	Very high on hotel but low on Location	We really enjoyed our stay at the Novotel Excel, the staff were freindly and polite, room was excellent with bathroom (toilet seperate from bathroom), double bed and sofa-bed, bed was comfortable, lift in the hotel was large, not like those tiny lifts you get in some hotels, the breakfast was top (Full English), with sausages, beans, bacon, eggs, toast, etc etc. However you may not want to stay here if you aren't on buisness as it is a bit far from the main attractions of Central London, you will have to take the DLR trains into Tower Gateway ( not direct to Bank, from Custom House station, a few minutes walk from the hotel), you have to change trains at least 2 times if you want to get to the West End. But if you need to go to the Excel centre then stay here because the hotel is right opposite the centre.Other than that it was a great 1 night stay, from 9th March 2007 to 10th.	
Oct 6 2008 	Excellent Stay	Me and my girlfriend used this hotel for a nights stay after seeing a show at the O2.Access was superb with the journey via the underground very easy.We didnt use any of the hotels facilities, but everything looked very very nice, clean and well looked after. The staff were helpful and professional, and the room was perfect upon arrival. Great stay.	
Aug 5 2008 	Perfect Hotel for Excel Centre and more ....	We chose this hotel as we were visiting the Motor Show at the Excel Centre. Couldn't have chosen better ..... We asked for a room as high as possible - which is what we got on the 9th floor - great views over the river/docklands.The hotel is v. clean and modern - rooms a good size, with separate shower and bath - the bed was the most comfortable hotel bed we have ever had. Buffet breakfast included in the price - which was continental and cooked - good strong coffee ....We had drinks in the bar which were v. reasonably priced for London - you can sit outside on the large terrace looking at the river ... v. nice on a sunny day! The DLR (Custom House) is only a 5 min maximum walk - all in all a great place to stay and we would do so again if we were at the Excel or the O2 arena for another event. Highly recommended!	
Jul 19 2008 	Nice but a long way out of London	Our reason for staying near Excel was that we were working on a film at a location nearby - otherwise, I wouldn't choose to stay this far out of central London. It's ideal for Excel but you have to allow a good hour to get into the West End on the DLR (which is as much time as it takes for me to get to London from my home!). The nearest DLR station also doesn't offer a direct service to Bank - you have to change at Canning Town or Poplar.The hotel is fairly luxurious compared to other Novotels I've stayed in and we got a great deal on their website - £79 including the buffet breakfast. There were a couple of niggles - the toilet is separate from the bathroom with no washbasin and the plug in the basin didn't work and we had to ask for more teabags as there was only one in the room! The biggest problem was we were kept awake for a couple of hours by some drunk yobs outside the hotel, they were quite a way from the hotel but the windows are obviously not at all sound proofed. We ended up calling reception who sent their security guard out to get rid of them. But the bar was good, the decor was very plush and the whole experience was pleasant overall. Just allow plenty of time to travel on the DLR.	
Jul 4 2008 	Good hotel bad location for tourists	This Novotel hotel is nice and modern. The lobby is very beautiful and airy, and wireless internet is available throughout the public areas. I found the staff to be quite aloof, but they were very efficient. The rooms are furnished in Novotel's new interior 'novation' design, and features a good size bed and sofa. The bathroom is very clean and modern (speakers are incorporated in the bathroom). Drink and food was dreadfully overpriced, and presents something of a problem if you're looking for a cheaper option as there are no shops nearby. The hotel is in a great location if you have business at the London Docklands areas or East London, or obviously visiting the London ExCel for events; however, it is not so great if you're visiting London as a tourist. In the latter case, you'll need to take the train (Docklands Light Railway) or a taxi into central London (this costs 10-15 pounds). Also there is very little to do at night in the immediate area and I would not recommend walking around alone after dark.	
Jun 12 2008 	Fantastic Hotel with Great Bar Terrace and Restaurant	I write this review for completeness.I have stayed at this Novotel 3 times and always use its bar and restaurant when staying around the London ExCel Conference and Exhibition Centre.I stay in hotels in the close vicinity of the London ExCel Exhibition and Conference centre at least twice a year. I refer you to my user name for reviews of the other hotels I have stayed in at the ExCel location. To get the full feel for this hotel I direct you to my reviews of the Novotel sister 2* hotel IBIS which is in what looks like the same building just split into Novotel 4* and IBIS 2* (both part of the ACCOR group of hotels).This is my favourite hotel and if the price is right I will stay here. If not I stay right next door at the Novotels 2* sister hotel the IBIS and use the Novotel for bar and restaurant facilities. I only stay at the other local hotels if when booking these hotels are already fully booked. The rooms are good but I do not like the bathroom and toilet facilities. These spoil the Novotel for me. The toilet room is too small and cramed and the bath too small for me. The shower is great and the bedroom is spacious with a good desk and chair for doing preparations and paper work etc. Point the TV towards the bath and a speaker in the bathroom comes on so you can hear the TV sound clearly in the bathroom.The hotel bar is fantastic and they have floor walkers so if you are a lone traveller you do not have to loose your seat when going to the bar, just ask a floor walker to take your order and they will serve you at your seat even on the outside terrace. Drinks prices are very reasonable for a hotel bar in a 4* setting. I use this bar in summer and the terrace is fantastic, you can sit outside with uninterupted views of Canary Wharf and watch the planes landing and taking off from London City Airport. At night on a warm summers evening the Canary Wharf skyline all lit up has to be experienced; it is breathtaking.The upper deck restaurant is not cheap but the food is excellent. The bar and restaurant are open to the public so you do not have to be staying here to enjoy the Novotel bar and restaurant experience.This is my number 1 hotel of the 7 hotels right outside the London ExCel.	
May 26 2008	Excellent Excel	Just returned from a weekend stay at the Excel with my 16 year old daughter. Hotel room was spacious and very clean.Excellent amenities. Staff very helpful and friendly. Breakfast was great.Stayed here so we could attend Expo at the Excel which was fantastic. Couldn't have chosen a better hotel as because this was an all day event, we were able to go to our room to freshen up and have a cup of coffee when we felt like having a break.Journey into city was no problem as the station was adjacent to the hotel also. Another thing that i really appreciated was that although we had checked out at 12, the staff kept our cases until we returned from a trip into the city at 5pm which really let us get the most out of our last day without having to cart luggage around with us.So thanks to everyone at Excel, we will be making a return trip, one of many i imagine.	
Apr 18 2008 	Excellent!	What a smashing hotel. The check in was fast and efficient. The room was spacious, clean, with a comfortable bed and good facilities. The staff were friendly and very helpful. The hotel facilities are excellent with a great sauna, steam room and gym. Location wise, the hotel is a five min walk from the adjacent Custom House DLR station. The bar was open until 1am. The restaurant was bright and airy with a great view over the dock; the food was a bit of a let-down at dinner as I felt that it was overpriced and it was far from piping hot when it was served.Overall, highly recommended. The best hotel in London I have stayed at.	
Apr 10 2008 	Great hotel in a great location!	I'd never been to London before, so I was rather skeptical on what my hotel experience would be like, based on the multitude of reviews of many of the hotels on TripAdvisor. I found the Novotel Excel through a third party travel agent, and seeing the positive reviews, decided to take a chance on it.I was SO glad I did!The hotel is very modern and very posh. A great bar is located just off reception with a magnificent view of Royal Victoria Dock. As others have stated, they have a breakfast buffet in the restaurant that's pretty impressive - including a huge assortment of hot and cold foods (a myriad of pastries, smoked salmon, several sausages, eggs, fresh fruit, cereal, etc). The only downside to the breakfast buffet is that it is a little pricey if you're a US traveler (and it's not included in you meal), coming in at around $25USD per person.We stayed in a a twin room, which was just as spacious as other hotels I've stayed in, in the States (think Omni and Westin brands). I was rather surprised at how new the whole room seemed. Very clean, very well kept, and the bathroom featured all modern fixtures. As others have stated, the actual toilet having its own room off the bath was a little odd, but it was a very minor annoyance when taking into account the rest of the hotel. We did have two twin beds in the room, which were larger than what I would have expected, so that was a nice surprise.The air temp in the rooms was always a little too warm for us, so we tended to sleep with the window open. My only word of caution: the hotel sits right on the flight path of final approach for the London City Airport. If you're a light sleeper, the planes landing WILL wake you up every time. But that's only with the window open, otherwise, it's so quiet, you'd never be none the wiser.The area the hotel sits in is pretty quiet with not a whole lot around it, but the view across the water is beautiful. It's conveniently located right next to a DLR station, making getting into central London easy. The ride into the city center is about 15 minutes, but it's worth it considering the quality of the hotel for half the cost of other London area hotels. Overall, getting around central London from this hotel was a snap. Everything is easily reached via the tube.The charge for internet is pretty steep, and it's something that I would expect to be covered in the cost of the room. But for a leisure traveler, you don't go to London to sit in your room and surf the internet, so it'd really only be a factor for business travelers.We had a great experience with this hotel, and would definitely stay here again. The price is right, it's clean, well-kept, friendly, and conveniently close to the tube!And on a final note, the shortbread cookies they leave in your room everyday are DELICIOUS! Don't forget to take them with you!	
Mar 30 2008 	Many amenities at a nice price	I was sent to the London Triathlon as part of my company's triathlon team. They set us up at Novotel Excel. The rooms were small but clean and well appointed. The front desk was the always polite and helpful. Once Americans get over the exchange rate, they will learn that the Novotel is a great value for the money and a really nice place to stay. The in-house bar and restaurant are wonderful. The breakfast buffet with tea, rashers, black pudding, croissants and every variety of jam imaginable, is just what anyone would go to London for.You can work it off in the gym on the top floor. The Novotel sits within a complex, which will serve as an Olympic venue in 2012. The entire area is spectacular and growing.Take care on the smooth floors in the bath. You can easily fall. If you are a late sleeper don't get a room on the east side of the building or you will wake at 6:00 am. The sunrise over the Royal Victoria Dock is brilliant.	
Mar 25 2008 	Good and bad	I recently stayed at this hotel with my girlfriend as we were in London for the theatre. The location is good while being some way from the centre of London its right next to a DLR station and obviously well connected by road as its next to the ExCel.Our problems started when we were checking in, we arrived just after 2pm, as the website and confirmation stated this was check in time, to be told this was actually 3pm. Not a problem we sat in the bar and had a relax after the journey, by 3pm there was a large queue waiting to check in so we joined this and waited some time but not too long.Check in was quick and easy with no problems and we made our way up to the room, as soon as we got on the corridor it stank of smoke and on entering the room it was obvious we had been given a smoking room which we did not book. I returned to the desk and after queueing again said there must have been a mistake only to be informed they had no Non Smoking rooms and we had been given a smoking room.This is where it started going down hill, I was told when we booked non smoking this was only a &quot;request&quot; and not guaranteed on check in and they would only give what was available. I could not believe this but the receptionist was very unhelpful and said there was nothing she could do as there were only smoking rooms left!After some arguments and my refusing to move the manager came and promptly sorted the situation by putting us in an available non smoking suite at which point the receptionist continued to glare at us and did not seem at all happyOverall though the stay was pleasant, the room was clean and while modern was a little tired. The bar staff were superb and made you feel very welcome and it was also reasonably cheap compared to the usual hotel bar prices!The prices advertised at the reception seem far too high but if booking online in advance a much better price can be obtained	
Mar 10 2008	Modern Clean Stay	We stayed here while on a trip to see Billy Elliot. The hotel was very modern throughout. The lobby area was clean and had nice decor and check in was easy and staff were friendly.Our room was nice with a view out into London although the people that came with us were on the opposite side and had a view of another hotel. The room was well equiped with a TV, kettle, iron &amp; board, mini fridge, shower gel, bubble bath etc and a great touch for us was a wire which you can plug into your iPod and listen to it through the TV speakers.The bathroom was very clean with no faults at all the shower was very powerful too.At the back of the hotel there was a patio area coming from the bar/restaurant area which was overlooking the docks, we would have spent more time out here if the weather wasn't so bad!Breakfast was good, a large choice of english, continental and if something you wanted wasn't out all you had to do was ask and a waiter would bring it out to your table.We would stay here again although it was not really close enough to the centre for our trip, if you are going to Excel it is right next door and the O2 arena is very close too.	
Feb 7 2008	First Novotel Experience	This was my first stay at a Novotel and I was not disappointed. Well placed for City Airport and Excel Centre. I was given a room with an excellent view of the river. The room was small but compact. Nice bathroom products (but no robes), small but compact bathroom. Only two grips about the room - a separate loo (with no handbasin) and small very obvious hole in carpet.Breakfast was fine - particularly good carrot smoothie, good croissants.Staff are pleasant - recommended	
Jan 24 2008 	very good value for families	For a London hotel to offer value for money is rare but this one did and not only that, they helped me to pick the best value rate which was less than 50% the rack rate.The staff were very helpfull , the room was very clean with aircon that actually worked.The restaurant staff were friendly and very efficient and made a big fuss over our little boy ,of course he enjoyed all the attention.Only 2 minor moans.1/ We had to ask a manager to get help with our bags as the car park is a bit of a distance from reception and we had a lot of bags.2/ The parking spaces were marked out for mini owners as they were narrow and short. Oh and pricey.	
Dec 19 2007 	Best Hotel ever !!	Incedible experience!The whole building seems to be not just clean but sterilised.The best experience i ve ever had in a hotel. Staff friendly took care every single &quot;problem&quot; i had with great professionalism. I would like to thank the staff member who spent a great deal of time trying to find me matches to light my cigarette (outside the building of course).Breakfast beyond criticism, crystal clean toiletts and all the guarantees a visitor could have for a pleasant and problem proof staying.Absolutely reccomended, a hotel that should be used as an example to most of european hotels.	
Oct 30 2007 	Excellent Stay	We were down in London to take in the American football at WembleyAlthough location is not perfect for central London, it does have great transport links via the DLR and tube, we knew this before we booked (8/10).Everything else about our stay at this hotel was 10/10. Rooms were clean and a decent size (twin room we stayed in) and had everything you'd expect.Breakfast, which was included in our rate (booked directly with hotel) was brilliant, full cooked plus continental offerings plus usual pastries.The staff were all very helpful and pleasant, checking out an hour later at 1pm was not an issue either.Overall a great stay and will definately consider going back again.	
Sep 23 2007 	relax and unwind	Was amazing! the staff were lovely and the rooms immaculately clean. This hotel was a breath of fresh air. We just relaxed and let it happen! Really modern throughout and the rooms were basic, comfortable and really inviting. The bathroom.... not even a water mark! I check for everything that might be lurking and there were no nasty suprises!No hidden charges, all extras were explained so again no misunderstandings.Bar staff were great and roof top area overlooked Victoria docks which was very relaxing. Few planes over head but once inside we didn't notice this.Breakfast was vast. Loads of choice and lots of it.DLR station a very short walk. Everything was made so easy and stress free. Would go back tomorrow.Worth every penny.Well done Novotel.	
Sep 2 2007	Great value	A double room with breakfast, and parking for a total of les than £100 a night; This is an excellent value choice for a stay in London, if you are OK being being in Docklands about 30 minutes from the centre. Rooms are standard modern Novotel design. Good view. Breakfasts are good, with eggs freshly cooked to order on request.Massive queue at check-in however, and a request for help with bagage was met by a blunt 'no'. In addition, the so-called fitness suite is a bit of a joke.	
Aug 28 2007	Great for City Airport Ok for Central London	Lobby is nice and modern, staff efficient and friendly, room was great. It's first time I've been in a hotel room with a seperate toilet and bathroom. I paid £89 per night which I thought offered value for money. The hotel is only 10 minutes by taxi from London City Airport, would stay here again if planning to hang out around the Docklands.	
Aug 11 2007 	Great location for Dome events	Lovely large rooms with double bed and sofa bed. Got a great deal for a weekend at this hotel for the Red Bull Air Race. Ideal hotel for both business travellers (within reasonable DLR/tube service of the city) or for leisure only short distance to the O2 Dome.All staff were pleasant and helpful.Breakfast was included in price of deal and you could not complain about the vast selection of breakfast items for even the fussiest of eaters.Would definately stay here again without doubt.	
Jun 5 2007	Pleasant Surprise	The travel company that booked this hotel for us isn't noted for their excellent choice of hotels, so this was a nice surprise. The Novotel ExCel is nicely appointed, clean, has bathrooms with separate tubs and showers, all the inroom necessaries, and when asked for 4 clean towels (to help with some hand washing near the end of a three week trip) provided them quickly and cheerfully. It is 15 minutes down the DLR from downtown, but the docklands area is nice - a small grocery near is open from 7AM to 9:30 PM. The breakfast on site is good - with plenty of variety, but they were slow to refill during the rush. Inroom internet is not free, which I found odd for a business hotel. The outdoor bar/restaurant was very pleasant as a wind down spot after a late day in the city.	
Feb 24 2007	Fantastic Modern Quiet Large Rooms	What a treat,... £70 with breakfast, 20 mins on the Docklands Light Railway into London,... lovely quiet setting by the docks,.. very modern,.. lively rooms and bathrooms were supurb,.. great buffet breakfast - why stay in a london central hotel when you can have luxury for 1/2 the cost a few miles out,.. Novotel always pleases me,.. they really know how to do it !!!	
Jan 4 2007 	Very Nice Stay	Stayed for one night on Business. Superb room, quite small but very nice. Extremely clean great views for 8th floor room. Staff pleasant and Lobby / Bar / Reataurant area very nice. Really enjoyed my stay.	
Dec 18 2006 	great weekend deal	stayed at Novotel the weekend before christmas, it was awesome, good breakfast buffet, very nice staff, extremely nice room at a quite good rate for the weekend.Since this is a hotel for business travels (Trade shows, etc.. at ExCel), it offers reasonable rates on the weekend and there not so many people. It is really close to Customshouse Station and getting into the city takes about 15 min. The amenities are pretty nice too: Sauna and steambath, relaxation room and gym are free of charge... I did enjoy our stay there very much and can only recommend this hotel	
Nov 27 2006 	Clean and functional for a short stay	Stayed at the Novotel for one Saturday night on a weekend shopping break. This hotel is in the business district hence its distance from the city centre, but the weekend rates are cheap so you can't have it all ! The hotel is out of the centre of London, and as previously noted the dockland setting is lovely and very quiet compared to the city centre. The docklands railway is quick and efficient, and I didn't find the journey into the centre too much effort, although I can see that it could become a drag for a longer stay. The rooms were clean, although there are obviously different styles of room, ours had a very comfortable bed, but there certainly wasn't any room for swimming in the bath ! The breakfast room was relaxed, and the choice of food available was good. The staff were all very polite and efficient, and I would stay there again.	
Sep 28 2006 	Too cramped	The Novotel London Excel is modern and clean. The outlook is pleasant and the breakfasts are generous. It's just that the rooms are small and cramped. Cupboard space is limited; you practically fall on the bed when you enter the room; it's hard to access the bathroom and close the door; and even two is a crowd. The rooms are obviously designed for the business traveller and I'm sure they would suit a person travelling alone very well. Public transport (DLR) is next door -- although the hotel is quite far out of central London, it doesn't really matter as it is quite easy and efficient to get around. My other gripe concerns the amenities provided in the bathroom. The bars of soap are of poor quality and don't lather well; glasses are plastic disposables; and there are no shower caps. Surely the fairly high prices charged are sufficient to cover the cost of such items. On the other hand, there is plenty of coffee, tea and milk, as well as shortbread biscuits.Staff are friendly but not always helpful if a problem is encountered. On our first night, we requested a sheet as only eiderdowns are provided and it was quite hot, only to be met with the response that the staffmember didn't know where the sheets were kept and we should remove the quilt from its cover and make do with that. At breakfast one morning, they had run out of decaf coffee -- at 8am.All in all, not a bad experience overall but one which I am in no hurry to repeat.	
Aug 29 2006 	nice enough but service needs some attention	Modern and sylish hotel easily reach by car or public transport.The receptionist was overly familiar (I do not appreciate being called by my first name by a complete stranger), but otherwise very efficient. The room was good, everything one would expect from an Ibis property and the bathroom was spectacular as well as being spotlessly clean. My only gripe about this hotel is the lamentable food service at the bar. During the 25 minute wait to have my order taken staff came and went, paying no attention to waiting customers. None of the young staff appeared to have English as their first language and, as pleasant as they were, completely lacked direction. When I finally managed to obtain a second rate sandwich and a glass of third rate wine the bill came to nearly £13 - apalling value. I have stayed in Ibis hotels all over France and Belgium where food and beverage service is integral to the overall cutomer experience but sadly this does not seem to be the case in England.	
Aug 27 2006 	overnight stay	Stayed one night for a wedding in August. On arrival my booking had not been registered. Eventually found me a room at inflated price, refused this and given another room at original price. Reception desk staff not very helpful.Room very clean and spacious. Breakfast not very nice, cooked food tasted odd, but good choice. Friendly waitresses.Car park charge a rip off!	
May 18 2006	Porridge and telepathic lifts!	The Novotel Excel was our base as my other half was running the Flora London Marathon. With registration at the Excel building just200 yards away the location was ideal. Travel on race day into London using the DLR was fantastic. Very few passengers and we were able to have a seat into Greenwich. There is very little else to do in the area other than a few bars and resturants and can be deadly quiet at night.The room was very modern and clean. The carpet was a little worn and rippled in places but other than that was fine. The toilet didn't have a wash hand basin, you had to use the separate bathroom to wash your hands. The bathroom sink was a curved design that was pretty useless but looked great. And like the previous reviewer had to ask to have the mini bar unlocked to gain access to the milk cartons. Having said that they came very quickly to unlock.The TV reception we found to be rather poor but wasn't a problem especially as we had an early night. Which bought about my biggest gripe being that the mattress was very hard and the foam filled pillows. Not a great way to start the day and my back did ache.Breakfast was super. I being the unfit supporter, cheerer and bag carrying partner had full cooked breakfast whilst hero other half had porridge. This was a great touch as we didn't expect porridge would be on the menu just for that one day I presume.I wasn't too keen on the pre-authorised charge of £300 being placed against my debit card but checkout was not a problem and all costs were correct. Never come across that before in previous travels.My partner posting a great time of 4hours 49 minutes and 29 seconds and walking like John Wayne were very greatful for those telepathic lifts.All in all a great stay and great location if your running or supporting the Flora London Marathon.	
May 14 2006	Clean and comfortable Novotel	This is the second time that we have stayed at this location and we found it enjoyable again.The hotel is well located for a trip into Central London on the Docklands Light Railway though finding a route through to the station isn't obvious from the hotel. If you haven't got a ticket you'll need some time to work out how to pay for a travel card with a credit card!Staff were welcoming and very friendly. As a previous reviewer mentioned, the lifts are amazingly telepathic.Our room was of a good size and clean. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom was pleasant with separate bath and walk-in shower. The toilet was separate without a washbasin. My only quibble was that we had to have the mini-bar opened by a member of staff to liberate the cartons of milk for a cup of tea.TV and radio channels were limited (though they did include a Chinese radio station!)Breakfast was good with a wide range of cold and hot food. Staff were efficient and attentive.The restaurant has an interesting view of Royal Victoria dock and its now defunct cranes.Car parking is available on site and costs £10 for the overnight stop which seemed a bit steep.Booking direct with Novotel resulted in a rate better than that with the usual late booking sites on this occasion.	
Apr 11 2006 	like sleeping on the floor	Lovely rooms, but beds were hard as a rock. Close to the ExCel venue, clean and attractive hotel. If you like very firm mattresses and pillows, then this is your place. I hated it.	
Jan 24 2006	Unbeatable service received	We stayed for 3 nights in Jan 06. This hotel is geared up for the business visitor, its steps away from the Excel exhibition centre, but we went when there were no shows on and we received 5* service.To start with, the hotel was spotless, there was always someone cleaning something and we didn't see a thing out of place throughout our stay. The reception staff made a fuss of our baby and gave her a balloon. The room was huge and comfortable, the bathrooms are seriously funky, we could have taught the baby to swim in the bath if we had a bit more time! The lifts seemed to know when it was wanted - spooky that it was always there the second you pushed the button! Breakfast buffet was spot on, absolutely everything you could want and more, plates were always warm, staff seriously attentive, we saw one of the staff, David, literally run to get us a highchair when he saw us get out of the lift bless him! On our first day the restaurant manager brought our baby some little Novotel toys over and the last day she took her off for a cuddle so we could finish our breakfast before the taxi arrived. The food from the restaurant was to die for, the deserts especially, fabulous cocktails served by very smart and helpful staff (French?), beverage manager Julie buzzing about making sure everyone happy and being served, Wine list great, even the hotel manager Michael came over and asked us if we were enjoying our stay - when has that ever happened at a multinational hotel before?Other great points in short - cot provided and made up daily! Lovely view of the thames, cheery housekeepers, funky design, personal service.	
Dec 22 2005 	New and clean but uncomfortable bath fixtures and expensive net	My wife and I stayed in the Novotel Excel and found the modernistic bathroom fixtures somewhat inconvenient--bathtub so narrow I could hardly get out, but there was a separate shower stall I might have used, and we could not understand why the hopper was in a separate closet from the rest of the toilet requiring us to open a door and walk ten paces and turn several corners to get to the sink to wash our hands afterwards!) Would have preferred a mini-fridge to the mini-bar and the cost of internet use and breakfast was high. Free television channels were minimal. Remoteness from Central London and tourist sites has been noted by previous reviewers, and distance from the two closest Docklands Light Rail stations (which connect to the Underground) also is a drawback--not too far to walk but farther than comfortable with heavy luggage and unmarked. This would be a great place to stay for an early morning flight from London City Airport or for an affair at the ExCel center, but otherwise we would not stay here again. Staff was very pleasant and helpful, though, and the price was reasonable.	
Nov 15 2005	very new very novotel	Upside: very new (only a year and a half old approx.) and therefore in excellent state of repair. Couldn't fault cleanliness. Room decor pleasing - the sofa was a nice touch although remarkably uncomfortable. All the amenities you would expect (including iron and ironing board, minibar, tea and coffee in room). Very impressive reception, bar and restaurant areas and outside deck, and nice views of the river. V. quiet - obviously no traffic and no flights at night. Friendly and efficient receptionists. Decent buffet breakfast. Downside: other reviewers have mentioned the location as being remote. The transport links are not too bad, but the walk from the station is not well lit and there were very few people about in the evening. Ideal though for the Excel exhibition centre. Note sure about value for money - for short stays and a smaller budget, the Ibis next door is probably a better bet, albeit not so stylish.	
Oct 16 2005 	Nice rooms but a bit too far away from London	I stayed 3 nights in the Novotel ExceL to attend an event at the conference centre. As exhibitor, this hotel was really great: 1 minute walk from the ExceL center, possibility to have documents or boxes sent to the hotel, storage availability and very helpful staff. The rooms are really clean and well-organised, spacious and quiet. City Airport is just 10 minutes from the hotel but the planes are not disturbing since the airport closes at night. The only negative point is that the hotel is accessible either by train or by DLR and is quite far away from the center. No shops around the hotel, no restaurant but the reception gave us a booklet with nice restaurants at Canary Wharf. I enjoyed my stay!	
Sep 28 2005 	Not bad for a corporate hotel	The Novetel is situated in a pretty bleak part of London, next to the Excl centre and fairly near to City airport. The hotel itself is ok for a corporate event such as a workshop, with nice conference rooms. The bedrooms are functional and clean, the the separate toilet not having a sink is a bit bad, but a minor gripe. Minibar prices are obscene (£3 for a tiny water), as is the cost of broadband access.Food in the restaurant was passable without being fantastic. Breakfast was ok, although my order of poached egg on toast came in two parts with the egg following the toast after 5 minutes!Reception staff were ok, they forgot to activate anything in my room which was a pain. Overall not bad for a company event for a day, otherwise a bit too impersonal.	
Sep 27 2005	First-rate	In London on my own (to see the Frida Khalo exhibition at the Tate Modern) I wanted to treat myself and was delighted with the Novotel ExCeL. The reception area was gorgeous and filled with the scent of lilies from a huge and very stylish flower arrangement. My room was spotlessly clean, spacious and comfortable with a great view over the river. There is some aircraft noise as a previous reviewer has noted but I got a great kick out of watching the planes taking off (it takes all sorts...).The bar was superb - very well stocked - and the food in both bar and restaurant excellent. If you can get a rate that includes breakfast it's a bargain (the best deal I found was on Novotel's own website). The staff were efficient, pleasant and helpful and the service was good.Getting to the Tate Modern was easy by taking the DLR direct to Bank Station and walking, via the Millenium Bridge (the exhibition was wonderful by the way!). At the end of my stay I travelled on from London City Airport, eight minutes from the hotel by taxi (organised by the reception staff) - wonderfully efficient.My only minor grumble was that although the hotel is just a five minute walk from Royal Victoria Station, it isn't obvious how to reach it. There is currently some building work going on in the surrounding area so to get to the hotel on foot means walking through a carpark which I don't think I'd fancy doing at night.Overall, however, I would rate the Novotel ExCeL as one of the best hotels of its class I have stayed in - and I travel extensively both on business and for leisure.	
Sep 13 2005 	Top Notch Novotel		
Sep 4 2005	Excellent Choice!		
Jul 17 2005	Excellent choice in dockland area		
Jul 6 2005	Great hotel but slightly out of the way		
Jan 3 2005	Very enjoyable		
Dec 30 2004	Awesome hotel		
Aug 23 2004	Above Average Hotel.		
Aug 11 2004	Great hotel		
Jul 22 2004	Best hotel in London EVER!		
May 14 2004	A NEW BREED OF NOVOTEL		
Nov 8 2009 	recommandable		
Oct 13 2009 	Buon servizio e posizione tranquilla		
Oct 8 2009 	Vivi l'atmosfera delle Docklands		
Sep 23 2009 	Favoloso		
May 19 2009 	Buen hotel un poco lejos del centro		
Feb 25 2009 	??????????		
