	Glorious public spaces but worn out rooms	We stayed at Claridge's for a weekend in November in a suite, which we were told had recently been 'refurbished'. The bedroom and living room, although both very large for central London, were rather worn out with vintage curtains and some chipped paint and tired carpets - fine generally, but not at £1,200 per night! The service standards are good, probably amongst the best in town, and the lobby is one of the most glamorous. For us, though, the room was a big let-down. Brown furniture, cheap pictures and very old fashioned lights and so on. It reminded me just how chic The Connaught now is, albeit with rooms which are a fraction of the size.	
Nov 10 2009 	A One Off Experience	A stay at Claridges is like going into another world! Certainly worth pushing the boat out for a one off experience! A real sense of history and glamour. Fabulous service. We were given a mini tour of the hotel on when being shown to our room and offered complimentary glasses of champagne. Where else do you see a sofa in the lift?	
Nov 6 2009 	GREAT STAY	I have been many 5 star Hotels all over especially in europe and can say that Claridges is a very good hotel. The rooms are a little old but they are huge and comfortable. The room service and the food generally at every place at the Hotel is very good. The bar is full every night of the day and all services including wireless internet, tv...etc works perfectly well. The location is also very good esepecially for the good shoppers.	
Nov 4 2009 	Claridges just doesn't cut it compared to other 5* hotels	We recently stayed at Claridges whilst a friend of mine stayed at another local 5* hotel and in comparision I feel we were ripped off! Just the basic things you'd expect from 5* hotel now days like decent tv, internet access, video access weren't working in our room, whilst my friend was enjoying all this and a amazing view over Hyde Park for a fraction of the cost.I also had the problem of been charged £50 a day for parking which I didn't even have a car at the hotel and have not been able to get a refund for.This hotel has had it's day and although the service and decor are still amazing it just doesn't cut it with a modern day hotel.	
Nov 2 2009 	One of the best hotels in the world!	Our large family traveled to London last year and everything was perfect again at Claridges. Rooms are beautiful, bathrooms are the best in any hotel I have ever been to, service is unparalleled, location is wonderful and the concierge is top of the top! And everyone was very attentive and accomodating with our children!	
Oct 28 2009 	Quite simply how it should be done.	I say never judge a hotel by how it treats some of its guests, but rather by how it treats all of its guests. At the weekend i am far from being the suited and booted creature that I am during the week, and yet the welcome that we received from Claridges was top drawer in every respect. The staff had a real sense of humour and genuine warmth. knowing how to deal with people the way that they do is not something that can be learned by rote. This is a real 5 star hotel. Not some upstart. The staff are attentive and truly professional. i would guess that many of them have worked there for many years judging by the pride that they quite clearly take in their place of work.Claridges is now firmly at the top of my list of places to stay and to recommend. This particular stay wasnt without small hitches, but the manner in which they dealt with these is a true mark of the quality of this establishment..	
Oct 27 2009 	Watch how they operate...	My partner took me here for a special treat. The staff are amazing, the best of any London Hotel of this calibre.Gordon’s restaurant was full of Chaves from Essex, or similar. Galvin’s Windows at the Hilton, and Alain Ducasse at The Dorchester are far superior. The staff ran around like rabbits giving the overall effect of un-relaxed dinning, but very helpful. Food nothing special.Room service breakfast, great. Bathroom fatastic. Wardrobe to hide in!Had a HUGE problem with paying the hotel bill. My partner had presented his card on arrival; on departure the card was not accepted. ONE week later and many phone calls later the problem was resolved. Claridges blamed the card company, and the card company said Claridges was sitting on the money. The latter was true, after a phone call to the hotel one week later the money was released back to the card. God knows how much interest they make on this practice as rooms/suites are not cheap. Will not stay there again.	
Oct 27 2009 	outstanding	stayed here sat 24th oct 2nights cant praise this hotel highly enougheven before we stepped in the door the welcome from the doorman was excellent.we were treated like royalty by every member of staff.even the lift attendantwe were upgraded without even knowing about itour room was beautiful and the bathroom pure luxurythis is real 5 star believe methanks clariages cant wait to return	
Oct 23 2009 	Simply the best 5* in London	My 5th visit to Claridges this year. We stayed in suite 412. So many other hotels could learn so much from this hotel. Claridges truely sets the standards for others to attempt to follow. Expensive but worth every penny !	
Oct 18 2009 	One of London's finest	I stayed with my husband and booked a deluxe room. When we checked in and were shown our we were pleased with the room. The bedroom was very roomy with a seperate dressing room and a big bathroom.We booked a package which included breakfast and a bottle of champagne which we thought for the size of the room proved to be excellent value.The service was faultless hotel spotless with lovely bar and restaurant.If you want a luxurious 5* hotel with attentive staff, then do not hesitate booking Claridge's.Go on and spoil yourself.	
Oct 15 2009 	A first class hotel and staff	This was our first trip to London and Claridge's was our choice over other hotels. We were not disappointed. Claridge's has to be one of the nicest hotels we have ever visited. We arrived by chunnel and Claridge's sent a van to meet us. The driver was right there to greet us and help us with our luggage.Upon arriving at the hotel were we welcomed by a very friendly staff and shown to our rooms after a tour of the hotel. Our rooms were so lovely and cheerful...yellows and blues. I would recommend these over the more drab art nouveau style ones.WE had all our breakfasts, high tea and several dinners at the hotel. The food was the best we had anywhere on our trip. the waiters were attentive and friendly and we never felt rushed to leave our table.My husband used the spa and said it was great..fresh fruit available.The bathrooms had heated towel racks, Asprey toiletries and housekeeping offered free bottles of water every nite. there were trays of fruit in our rooms at night as well.All in all, Claridge's is what you would expect from a five star hotel and more. Can't wait to go back.	
Oct 14 2009 	heaven	i cannot rate this hotel high enough, we've stayed here many times and will go back again and again	
Oct 13 2009 	Amazing birthday treat - SheilaL - Hertfordshire	This was a surprise birthday present from my wonderful family. On arrival the door to my car was whisked open by the smartly dressed doorman and mine and my daughters luggage was removed and stowed in the hotel so quickly I think my driver was still reeling from the service. We were met by genuinely polite and smiling staff who directed us to the waiting receptionist. Re a previous comment our room, despite not being in the top price bracket by any means, was well decorated, airy, very clean and comfortable with a bottle of gently chilling champagne on the sideboard and assorted fruit. The bathroom was a very good size, with one of the largest baths I have seen in a London hotel and a shower very similar to a monsoon downpour. Loved the quirk that should you have a problem in the bath you could pull the cord for either a maid or a valet, very poirot! After quickly freshening up I was again whisked off to have a sumptuous lunch in the Gordon Ramsey restaurant. My family had remembered that I really wanted to taste just how good food by top chefs actually tasted, you are always hearing about the intensity of flavours and I just wanted to sample this for myself. What can I say, I was not disappointed in any way, the food was superb and the taste supreme. The staff were highly attentive and helpful, whilst not rushing you to make up your mind. The wine list was amazing and there was something for every pocket. This hotel is so well situated as near to Bond Street, Oxford Street and Regent Street for shopping and all the major sites for tourists. Staff we found to be a delight, perhaps you get back what you give!!. I liked the idea of the service charge as that sorted the age old problem of who to tip and how much. I expect there will always be people who will moan,and lets face it there are, but the service we received was deserving of this. I have travelled the world and stayed in some top hotels and they all have their plus points but when it comes to old fashioned personal discreet service and considerate staff I felt that Claridge's was top of the tree. If you want a modern hotel with whizzy staff then stay in one and leave Claridge's to the people who may appreciate it. I certainly had a birthday to remember.	
Oct 8 2009 	best hotel	The Claridges hotel in London was the best hotel experience we have ever had. We travel frequently and stay in high end hotels but this was beyond our expectations. The rooms were impeccable and the lobby was the center of action. The Mayfair location was great. One block from the Bond St tube station, which we used every day. Theo, our concierge, was the best.	
Sep 9 2009 	u need to have the right surname !!	i phoned the hotel to make a reservation for a 2 night stay, i was told the hotel was fully booked - i normally use my maiden name when booking hotels. i phoned ten minutes later and i used my husbands name, they asked me to confirm who he was and surprize surprize, i got a reservation for the same 2 nights i was told were fully booked !!!!!! the staff seem to forget that it is the guests that keep them in a job and should drop the attitude	
Sep 3 2009 	Disappointed after high expectations	I stay at a wide range of hotels and even clubs in London depending on the mood and varying neighborhood preferences. I had stayed at the Claridge's sister hotel, the Connaught, several times with the full range of experiences from exquisite to awful. I had heard so much about Claridge's that I thought it would be a step up from the Connaught. Finding a discounted special rate on the Claridge's web site, I booked it expecting the best. I then needed to come an extra day early and booked that extra day by telephone, understanding the first day my cheaper room was not available but I would have to take a nicer room at a higher price and move to the cheaper room the next morning. While the exterior is impressive, the interior seems ordinary for a luxury hotel and nothing special. The central stairwell and hallways cannot compare to that of the Connaught. I thought the service was no better than any other good London hotel. A room service dinner arrived on a rolling table with no glass of water, no bread and butter, no flower in a bud vase or any other decor. In fact a doorman never opened a door; the attended elevator isn't attended through the night, and one must duck around the corner to a secondary elevator during those hours. Worst yet, when I went to the front desk to arrange the move to the cheaper room after the first night the front desk tried to &quot;upsell&quot; me to stay in the same room at the higher price. When I said no, I wanted the lower rate and was prepared to move to a different room, the front desk denied that I had the lower rate in my booking, even after it called the reservations department. Only when I spent 10 minutes digging out my printed confirmation from the Claridge's web site did I persuade them that I had booked a lower rate. Then they said I didn't have to change rooms after all and I would be staying in the same room at the lower rate (And I had spent 1/2 hour packing for the move.) I felt uncomfortable having to press the issue, and that is not how I expect to be treated at a hotel of this reputation. Perhaps I was treated this way because I was paying the lowest rate in the hotel -- but I judge luxury hotels by how they treat their lowest ranking patrons. On the other hand, the location is superb, very close to Bond Street and its Tube station, and the bed was comfortable. The room was clean, pleasant, and well maintained, but there was nothing particularly elegant about it.	
Sep 2 2009 	Superb Service at one of London's top hotels	Our one bedroom suite was large and well appointed by London standards. The public spaces are obviously beautiful. Great fitness center! Service and food at the breakfast/tea restaurant were good. Location is ideal. Most impressively, the service was superb. Everyone from the doorman, bellman, front desk staff and concierge could not have been nicer or more helpful. Concierge arranged for hard to get dinner reservations on virtually no notice! Very friendly and welcoming ambience. This is definitely my new hotel of choice in London.	
Aug 21 2009 	Very Service Oriented Wish Rooms would match	Overall we really liked Clardige's. The staff was very service oriented in addition to being kind and helpful. The breakfast was also very nice. However, we got an art deco room that could have used some refurbishing. If Clardige's would update the bathrooms and plumbing it would be even better! I would just recommend you ask for a modern room and not an art deco one.	
Aug 19 2009 	Best food in London	Excellent food and service,upgraded to a suite,so overall fantastic experience.	
Aug 15 2009 	Birthday Treat	We stayed for one night midweek, and dined at Gordon Ramseys.The welcome as you enter the hotel was one of the warmest I've ever experienced. Everyone of the staff attempted to make eye contact and smile, which was very pleasant, and most unusual in Central London !We booked a delux double, but found a special offer on AMEX subsequently which provided champagne, breakfast and a voucher for Harvey Nics. We contacted the hotel prior to arrival, and asked for the special offer to be included, to which they immediately agreed. Upon arrival, we were upgraded to a suite. The lounge in the suite was bigger than my lounge at home ! Wonderful.We had a pre dinner drink in the bar, which was quite crowded, although the waiting staff were still attentive, and found us a table. The place had a nice buzz, and yummy nibbles.Dinner in Gordon Ramseys restaurant was excellent. We had the tasting menu which we really enjoyed. The only small point was that I would have preferred a selected wine recommended with each course, rather than having to chose from the wine list for each.The suit itself was very comfortable and surprisingly quiet, although we were on the fifth floor. The bed was very comfortable.Breakfast in the morning was good. Clients are clearly very demanding, and every combination of breakfast item seemed to be available.Check out was smooth, and we left our bags at the hotel to collect later after a spot of shopping ! Very enjoyable stay.	
Aug 10 2009 	Simply the Best in London	I was extreemly pleased with my stay at claridges. Super service, perfect location and the hotel is splended. I would recomend it to anyone appreciates the greatness og service and luxury.	
Aug 10 2009 	Absolute Indulgence	Recently had a 2 night stay in a suite at Claridges. This amazing Art Deco style hotel in the heart of Mayfair has everything to offer for a romantic or special occasion. I booked a Junior Suite and was upgraded to a beautiful and very large Mayfair Suite. All of the staff were attentive, helpful and polite and the concierge in particular went out of their way to help us with some reservations. The location of the hotel is perfect for theatre, dinner and shopping. A very memorable stay and I would definitely go back again. The only minor negative would be the lack of a CD player in the rooms - with a GBP2.00 charge applied if you want to play music from their selection.	
Aug 4 2009 	Good but not good enough	I agree with what many other Tripadvisor members have written: the public rooms are very impressive, the location is excellent, as is service (and those charming elevators!) but the rooms... My room was very small and when I saw the decor in the 2 of the suites (for 1700 pounds per night), I was not too impressed. It is a nice hotel, but not worth the money. You might want to consider looking elsewhere.	
Jul 28 2009 	THE hotel in London	Claridge's is simply the best hotel in London (I've stayed, for example, at the Dorchester and Langham and they cannot be compared with Claridge's). The service is very professional and friendly (they have lift operators, butlers in suites etc.), the hotel is very clean and the location is quiet and good. We got a free upgrade to a huge suite (which included for example an expresso room!) with complimentary champagne, flowers, chocolates, fruits and three different waters to choose from. Lunch at Gordon Ramsey's was really good. All in all, a perfect hotel experience!	
Jul 23 2009 	Top rate stay at Claridges as expected	The standards at Claridges are consistently high, which makes returning to this property a pleasure. Staff are professional, rooms lovely and comfortable, drinks well served.	
Jul 21 2009 	Claridge's is the best!!	We loved our stay at Claridge's. Every hotel should be so elegant with staff so helpful. I know it's expensive, but sometimes you just need to splurge. The location is ideal as it is very close to Selfridges and House of Fraser. It's a 10 pound cab ride to Paddington tube station which has high speed trains to Heathrow.	
Jul 18 2009 	Everything and more	Had two wonderful days at Claridges where we were upgraded (at no extra charge) to a suite. It's luxurious, the service is professional, friendly and exactly what you would expect of the best hotel in London. Naturally, everything is costly but that's what you expect. The Art Deco decor is exquisite and the attention to detail and little extra touches are what make it extra special. Two dinners in Gordon Ramsays at Claridges (£70 per head plus wine, water etc) were delicious and this whole experience is one I will never forget. If I can ever afford to again, I will definitely go back to Claridges	
Jul 11 2009 	Expensive but not sure we would stay again	Claridge's is above all a name. All the celebs stay there, so for my boyfriend's birthday I thought I would treat him and see what all the fuss was about. We were ready to check in at 2pm and told that our room was not ready. Good start. We went for lunch and were told I would recieve a phonecall on my mobile when the room was ready - certainly within the hour. We did not receive a phonecall. By 3.45pm we went back to the hotel - we were concerned about the time since we were due to go out at 6pm - and although our room was ready (just as well otherwise I would not have been happy) we received no form of apology. This is supposed to be the best hotel in London! At the time I did not make a fuss but for what you pay per night, we had lost a couple of hours in our room which equated to a good few drinks in the bar! To top it off our air conditioning did not work and we had a very hot and uncomfortable nights sleep.Moaning aside it is a beautiful hotel and great location but be prepared to pay over the odds for everything. £31 for an full english breakfast? I don't think so. If you make a reservation make sure money is not a problem. Also, if you write a complaint letter to the mangement after your stay, expect to not receive a reply - I am still waiting to hear back after my letter dated 25th May! Will let you know if I receive any form of response but to be honest, I'm not expecting it!	
Jun 25 2009 	Wonderful wonderful wonderful	It was quite simply - WONDERFUL. We stayed just one night, a special treat for my husbands birthday. Everything about this place is just so special, including the staff who dont care if you arrive with or without matching suitcases. As far as they are concerned whilst staying at their hotel you will be treated like royalty. The hotel is steeped in history and it all adds to the ambience. I cannot recall the last time I had such a fabulous nights sleep in a hotel, the pillows are to die for. Ate late lunch inthe reading room and it was fantastic and considering you are in the heart of Mayfair the price was very good. The food was excellent and the service superb, if you want cheap and cheerful and continental breakfast this is not the place for you if, on the other hand, you want to be spoilt to death, made to feel very special and dont mind spending a little bit morethen this is the place for you.i	
Jun 22 2009	I agree with Spencer Tracy	From the moment you enter there is the feeling that nothing is a problem, and it is not. Claridge's is uniique and can not be compared. It is a step above all the rest-from the fantastic concierege,the lift operator ( lift includes a small couch ) who knows you, to the opulent yet perfectly understated English rooms it is unbeatable. It gets better in the fact that all the help seem to truly like their job and the hotel and you feel this. One bit of advice anything is possible as long as you pay but there isn't even the need to write a chit, the staff knows and accomodates to Perfection.7 nights was not enough and now in London I can't stay anywhere else!!	
May 31 2009 	Friendly and efficient staff huge rooms and old school glamour - could you ask for more?	I thought I would rewrite my review on Claridges as I have stayed here quite a few times recently and I have nothing but praise for it. Having stayed at quite a few hotels in central London now ( a lot which I am indifferent about and therefore can't be bothered to write about) I have decided that this really is one of the best options around. The staff are so friendly, it doesn't take long for them to recognise you and understand and adhere to your preferences without being asked to. The manager is always knocking around and will introduce himself readily, going out of his way to help a guest in any way he can. No mater what type of room you are in it will be huge, bathrooms might be old but they are clean and the baths themselves are always extra long and super deep perfect for a relaxing soak at the end of a hard days shopping or work! Furnishings are old but spotless and the beds are the most comfortable I have ever slept in. You are spoilt for choice when it comes to eating too with Gordon Ramseys downstairs if you want to splash out on fine dining or the hotels own restaurant wth equally fine dining at surprisingly affordable prices (three course set menu around £40 including little extra amuse bouches etc) or you can opt for room service which is of surprisingly high quality although a somewhat pricier option. All in all, as long as you are not looking for something ultra modern, you won't go wrong with Claridges!	
May 20 2009 	A Magnificent Mayfair Jewel	Claridge's is an exquisite property located in the heart of Mayfair. The distinctly Art Deco hotel is favored by many famous guests as we saw many walking the lobby and hallways. We got two Deluxe King Rooms through a special offer, while there were not breathtaking views (Mayfair rooftops/buildings), the rooms were suprisingly spacious for London. We had never even been in the hotel before our stay but friends said nothing but good things about it. A Bentley Continental Flying Spur picked us up from the airport and took us to the hotel, then a wonderful staff and our butler were more than helpful with securing restaurant reservations and theatre tickets as well as suggesting new, fun things to do around the city. Our rooms were both art deco style as opposed to classical (we had a choice). The restaurants in the hotel are nothing but fantastic!!! We ate breakfast every morning in the Reading Room or Foyer (one morning the Room, the next the Foyer, etc.) they are both lovely. We also had afternoon tea in the Foyer which was impeccable, before the theatre. The West End is within short walking distance and we saw Mary Poppins which was fantastic!!! Also in the hotel, is the Gordon Ramsay restaurant, while not as good as his signature one on Hospital Road, it is certainly a nice evening out. Although I did not make use of the fitness facilities, I had a massage in the spa which was fantastic. We saw three Barbra Streisand concerts, all at the O2 Dome which was really in Greenwich but the hotel made transportation to and from the venue so easy. The ONLY negative about the hotel was the location. There was really nothing of interest within walking distance (other than the West End) such as Bond Street or Knightsbridge/St. James. Other than that, this is certainly one of London's top hotels and would return in the future, especially if it underwent a major re-do.	
May 18 2009 	Fabulous Unique Faultless	I have just been fortunate to come back from my second stay at the world's most perfect hotel. From the moment the taxi pulls up outside and a white gloved hand whisks away the luggage, to the bed so large and comfortable I can lie across it without touching the sides, the unobtrusive turndown service that includes replacing my supermarket bookmark with a claridge's own, the unique and delicious cocktails in the bar, the immaculate and delectable breakfast, to the ability of the doorman to summon up a taxi (and my case at the same moment) from an empty london street, everything is immaculate.But most of all, Claridges delivers on service. Without distinguishing in any way between the tourist who has saved up for a once in a lifetime treat, the jaded business man on a regular visit, or blue blooded european royalty, the standard of service is pitched perfectly. Despite the number of guests, everyone is made to feel a valued individual - if you mention on checking in that you are going to the theatre that evening, the next day you will be asked if you enjoyed the show.Of course you pay for this and if you just want a bed for a night in london, you won't appreciate this hotel. If you want trendy, cutting edge fashion, it wont appeal either. But if you want a taste of possibly the most famous vintage hotel, there is only one claridges.	
May 18 2009 	A Great Stay - Disaster thrown in.	My friend and I booked this as a secret location through last minute. Imagine our delight when we found out it was Claridge's.We were doing the 26 mile Marathon called the Moonwalk for Breast Cancer that evening.We arrived and were knocked out by the decor. Check in was great and we were given late check out due to requiring sleep in the early hours rather than the evening. We were shown to our room but the maid was still cleaning so a pot of tea was provided for us while we waited.The room was great with large bed and fantastic bathroom. We unpacked got changed and went down for afternoon tea. We had Floral Afternoon Tea which was a delight, the whole thing was just yummy! The duet playing the piano and double bass were excellent.Following tea we went to try and get some sleep as we were going to be up all night, the bed was so comfortable I went straight off. We had our showers and got our clothing on for the Marathon we were still preparing for the challenge ahead when I thought I could hear the shower running I looked into the bathroom to see water running through the ceiling. Someone above had obviously left their bath running. I rang reception straight away saying it was an emergency and explained the situation. I switched off the bathroom and lobby lights as they were now flickering and reached into the bathroom for some towels to stop the flow under the door as our bathroom was now like a swimming pool. Someone appeared at our door and did not seem to understand that the problem was with the room above and the only way the water was going to stop was to get them to switch the bath off. An electrician arrived and the water was now running into the bedroom so we had to gather everyting up and put it in the wardrobe. The electrician announced it was unsafe and was going to have to plunge us into darkness.We at this point needed to leave to register for our Marathon, we could really have done without this and we now felt less organised as we hadn't completed our preparation before the disaster. On leaving the hotel I need to assure myself that we would indeed be coming back to a dry room on our return. I asked the receptionist to step to one side as there were guest checking in and I didn't want them to think Claridge's was falling apart. The receptionist called the executive housekeeper whose name was Jutta Asta, and we explained our situation, she said that all would be well when we returned in the early hours of the morning.When I got to Hyde Park I realised I had left my camera battery on charge in the room and due to all the panic had forgotten it. I had intend to record all the sights on the way round and was bitterly disappointed, however I rang Claridge's and explained what had happened and that the gates were closed and I could not come back to collect it and they sent some one to Hyde Park with it. This was incredible service.We completed our Marathon and when we arrived back Jutta was waiting for us and indeed, from that moment on everyting was sorted staff were rallied to collect our things from the room we were given another room breakfast and champagne was ordered and we were tired but very happy. We slept for a few hours and then went to Gordon Ramsey's for lunch. This was excellent and the service spot on.Although we had a disaster not caused in anyway by Claridge's but by a guest, we were treated extremely well and Claridge's certainly pulled out all the stops to make us feel better about the situation.Jutta Asta the Executive Housekeeper was just fantastic and we cannot thank her enough for everything. Also Christophe who came all the way across to Hyde Park with my camera battery.The service is unbeatable. I will be staying here again.	
May 4 2009 	Undoubtedly the best hotel in London...	I travel all around the world for business or leisure. I often stay at luxury hotels as I really pay attention to details that make you feel the hotel is worth every penny.There are many 5 stars hotels in London. Most of them state they are the best in town, they are second to none...According to me, most of the London 5 stars hotels are old fashonned. They lack serious overall renovations or refurbishings. The Dorechester is among these hotels as it provides an excellent service but has old fashonned furnitures. Contrary to Paris that has 5 to 7 real palaces (outstanding building, beautiful furnitures, excellent food, premier service...), London can not boast with a real palace that exceeds common luxury standards...except the CLARIDGES.My wife and I wanted to stay in a Mayfair hotel. This area is located in the center of london's main attractions. In that point, the Claridges hotel is perfectly situated.We wanted to stay in a moden / art deco room in a hotel where service quality still has a sense. We reserved a Claridges suite designed by David Linley, a genius furniture designer.We arrived in London early in the morning. A Bentley limousine was waiting for us. The driver was friendly and class.At the hotel, they upgraded us with a Linley suite that is one of the best modern / art deco style suite of the hotel. A bottle of champagne, a fruit plate and flowers were put in our suite.During our stay, we tested the staff. Our butler together with the concierges were very professional and friendly. They showed they paid attention to our requests. We ordered food via the room service ad we also eated at the main restaurant. Everything was perfect. Food quality was great like in many french palaces.As a summary, we spent 3 unforgettable days in that hotel. The Claridges is definitely the best hotel in London. It is a perfect gateway for people expecting the best.Thank you very much to the hotel's staff	
May 4 2009 	Superb superb superb	Claridges is not only one of Londons most famous hotels, but one of the worlds, with a long illustrious history, favoured by both old and new money (apparently on one occasion a diplomat rang Claridges and asked to speak to the king, receiving the reply... certainly sir, but which one?).I spotted a deal on a website for 3 nights over Easter that seemed too good to be true, and booked it. It turned out to be an agents mistake but the price was honoured anyway. Thank goodness, for this was an experience not to be missed.Firstly the room... it was smallest king room they do and I tell you it was enormous for London, and big for anywhere else. The king bed was in fact a 6' by 6' superking and supremely comfortable. The room was serviced twice daily and we were never interrupted for service purposes. The room itself overlooked an interior courtyard so no view...Next the bathroom... and this truly deserves a mention on its own... fabulous double depth half sunken 6' bath that fills in no time and retains the water heat makes this the best bath of any hotel. Furthermore the room soundsystem is fed into the bathroom. Me and my partner love our baths together and we spent ages enjoying this. From a practical getting clean point of view it had an awesome showerhead above the size of a dinnerplate that just drenched me!Food... We had breakfast in the restaurant once and the room twice. Each time it was lovely and the service faultless. We also had afternoon tea and again this was fantastic, they make it a real occasion... expensive yes... at over £60 for 2, but wonderful, there were over 30 types of tea on offer, the sandwiches were divine, the scones so light and the cakes so rich... Again the service was immaculate but please understand afternoon tea is an event here so set aside at least a couple of hours to enjoy the experience. We didn't have any evening meals here but we did have a few drinks in the evening in the bar and fumoir (before the smoking ban a designated cigar bar, now a very characterful non-smoking bar). The cost of drinks are, as with everything here, pricey, £7 for a pint of beer, but you dont go to Claridges with a closed wallet. The service throughout was utterly faultless and a pleasure from the moment of arrival to checkout. I will be staying again, even though I know I'll have to pay much more next time, the place is just fab.Even if you only do it once, this should be on your list of lifetime &quot;must do&quot; experiences.And yes, there is something very special about stepping out of Harrods into a cab and requesting &quot;Claridges please&quot;... even if all you have in your Harrods bag is some sandwiches to snack on in your room till dinner!!	
Apr 23 2009 	Fantastic break in great location	We have just returned from 3 lovely nights at Claridges London. We we treated wonderfully from the minute we arrived when our cases were swiftly dealt with. We were offered complimentary champagne as a welcome drink in our room and treated very well throughout our 3 night stay. Be aware that this is a true 5 star hotel and if you are not prepared to pay 5 star prices then it is better that you do not come here! If you do choose to come and accept the prcies then you will have a lovely time. Our only slight gripe was the wait every morning for breakfast and the slightly slow service for breakfast - however we were in no rush!! The location is great with everything in walking distance. Enjoy!!	
Apr 14 2009 	What a luxurious weekend in London	My wife and I were planning a weekend away and decided to go to London because we love it so much.We were looking for a luxurious and relaxing Easter Weekend. I had stayed at Claridges a few years ago when on business and I remebered I really liked it. I researched many of the five star hotels and decided this was the property that would best suit our needs.We arrived on Thursday morning and I had arranged for a car with the hotel Concierge to pick us up at Heathrow. We arrived at the hotel around 10am and we were able to check in early to our junior suite. The room was excellent. about 750 sq ft. it had a seperate small sitting room with two comfortable chairs, tv, mini bar and a desk. This was where we too our afternoon tea!The bathroom was large (all white marble) and the water pressure in the shower was terrific. Our bedroom was very large and had lots of closet space, king size bed and very nice old furniture. This is an old property but the up keep in our room and the hallways is excellent. I would say the carpets have been replaced in the last couple of years. You get a great feeling of the history of the hotel by the decor and furnishings but for some reason it doesnt feel worn out. My wife had a spa treatment and she enjoyed that. I used the gym twice which is very nicely equipped with proffessional grade equipment.The package was good value for London five star hotels. We paid $495 pounds (about $900 Canadian) for the juinor suite and it included a bottle of champagne on arrival and full english breakfast for two each morning. I love afternoon tea at this property. Its a pricey (about 30 pounds each) but so enjoyable. We had it each day. London is a great city for being a walking tourist. This hotel is in an excellent location for window shopping all the great stores. We ate at a great two michelin star restaurant (The Square) it was only a 5 minute walk. On our last night we ate at the Gordon Ramsey restaurant in the hotel. It was very nice as one would expect. Lastly, the staff at the property are exceptional and I cant think of any more than that. Ive stayed at a number of Four Seasons hotels (My Standard for excelence) and Claridges ranks equally in terms of service and value. If you are prepared to spend the money for 5 stars in London, stay at Claridges, Its worth every penny	
Apr 11 2009 	Stunning. Pricey but worth every penny.	Apart from the location and beauty of the hotel, the thing that stands out most is the quality and friendliness of the service, which is absolutely outstanding. Nothing was too much trouble. Every request was handled with effortless efficiency. The food is also of an exceptionally high standard.	
Apr 10 2009 	A friendly palace!	Yes,that is Kate Moss in the bar and Marc Jacobs in the lobby but the beauty of this hotel is that everyone is treated in the same friendly manner.I am a nonentity but get the loveliest,genuine welcome imaginable.The staff ,who have been there years,are truly concerned about their guests.Arrival is like coming home after a long ,arduous trip away.If you want to take someone special somewhere special then this is where you go.The most calm and romantic venue imaginable.The bedding and bathroom are without equal.The tall,immaculate gentleman keeping a close eye on everything is the manager;Alex ,his deputy ,is without equal.I have turned up with my 6 children in tow and had the welcome only a plutocrat would expect.Just perfect.	
Mar 16 2009	spencer tracy was right!!!	Apparently, Spencer Tracy once remarked that when he died, he didnt want to go to Heaven- he wanted to go to Claridges!! and I have to say, I couldnt agree more.I stayed here with my elderly Mother whilst visiting London for a theatre trip. It was expensive, there is no denying it - but was pure unadulterated luxury, and so much worth the expense for a special occasion. Nothing was too much trouble for anyone, and NO ONE thought they were a cut above (as often happens in higher class establishments)Every member of staff we came into contact with couldnt do enough for us, and I never felt that they had their hand out for a tip - which makes a refreshing change I had booked afternoon tea - bliss (try the ENGLISH tea)After the theatre we came back and had a supper - divine!!Breakfast the following day - I cant begin to tell you how delicious this wasEverything was just PERFECT.Yes, its expensive, but as a treat, or special occasion - Claridges is an absolute MUST.In fact, for my Birthday in August, I have just booked theatre tickets AND Claridges for my husband and I. My advice....... save up, and push the boat out to stay at a beautiful art deco hotel which has a pillow menu (12 different types of pillows - I kid you not) and 3 different types of caviar on the in-room dining menu!!This truly has to be experienced at least once in a lifetime	
Mar 3 2009 	Lovely.. but.....!	On entering the Hotel after the 2 minute walk from Bond Street tube, you are welcomed into a wonderful lobby area.... check in was OK - the reception staff had to keep calling housekeeping to check if the room was ready... then escorted upstairs. The man on reception walked us briefly around the foyer and gave us a little history of the building and took us up to our floor in the oldest elevator in London- one of the old fashioned ones where you can see the floors rushing past!The room was comfortable and functional and to be honest looked a little the worse for wear (unless that is the Art Deco style??)- not by any great shakes &quot;amazing&quot;.. one big plus point though, our bath was like a swimming pool! It was so deep and perfect for sharing!We went to London to have a meal at Gordon Ramsay at Claridges so thought it would make sense to stay here to save the discomfort of walking in killer heels!! The restaurant is wonderful and the food utterly superb - well worth the visit if you can afford it - not cheap.....More than anything. the location is just excellent, we spent a couple of hours and walked from the hotel, to down Oxford Street towards Marble Arch, along Park Lane towards Buckingham Palace, to Big Ben, Downing Street and back to Trafalgar Square before returning to the hotel.. so its truly excellently placed!Like I said, worth it if you can afford it, but I think there are probably better places to stay for the money?	
Feb 5 2009 	Claridge's The highest hotel became the lowest hotel.	?One room at the hotel that had been prepared for us on the door was connected with the next. Therefore, we heard of the sound and the voice of the next television for three days.?The air-conditioning of this hotel is as very annoying as the sound of the airplane. ?The water of the rest room at this hotel doesn't flow.?Employees of the remainder of ten people that stood in the reception desk did not greet us in the morning. Is it because we are Japanese??Three housekeepers were chitchatting that it ate by us and returned to our room.?We were claimed more than the promised hotel charge. ?They do not surely have sincerity. ?This hotel has forgotten the tradition of which the British should boast. ?This hotel will collapse if it is Japan. ?We do not want never to stay at this hotel. It is likely to stay at the hotel of an American style when staying in London.	
Feb 5 2009 	Excellent Hotel Incredilbe Staff	When we arrived a doorman promptly assisted us with our luggage. He asked for my name and that was the last I had to deal with it. Check in was a breeze, we were upgraded to a fantastic two room suite which was decorated perfectly. The room was very clean and have to say the pillows and bed were some of the most comfortable we've slept on. The entire staff was incredibly helpful booking shows, dinners, cars, etc. The bar food at the hotel was incredible as well. Treat yourself to the Square Meal and a beer made with champagne yeast (Korbel Kru I think). Breakfast was wonderful and again the service was excellent. My wife needed a stronger hair dryer and it was at our room within minutes. They were just as quick with a request for a heating pad and extension cord. This is a great hotel for a romantic getaway. Truly five star service.	
Feb 1 2009	Simply The Best	Claridges is the epitomy of style. It is not trying to compete with other hotels as it simply does not need to - it is Claridges! I booked for 5 nights and had a sumptious room located on the first floor which allows one to ascend/descend the grand staircase savouring the magnificent atmosphere and recalling the many greats of history who have done the same. Rooms or suites at Claridges are huge with bathrooms beautifully appointed with art deco taps and fixtures and bath tubs so large you can laps in them! Buttons to summon your valet or your maid or your butler remind you of the status of this hotel and the service level they deploy in a silent effortless manner. Of course there is no tea bag in your room, one calls for tea and within five minutes tea arrives - and not tea bags! Flat screen tv's, free wireless internet, complimentary champagne, crisp white sheets and magnificent art deco rooms indulge your senses and make any stay at Claridges a memorable experience. Servcice is perfect, concierge can and will get you dinner reservations or theatre seats that you could not secure. Afternoon tea in the grand lobby is a must as are drinks in the hidden bars off the lobby. Ramsay's is a must if you have not dined there before. Crossing the threshold of Clardges is an invitation into a world of discreet service and forgotten style - even if you only stay once Claridges is a must for any visit to London.	
Jan 28 2009 	Not What We Expected	Sorry to say but we were disapointed; having stayed at 5 star hotels all over the world there are alot better in London.I decided to push the boat out and booked a two bedroom suite, the rooms were actually impressive by size, but I found the fixtures and fittings somewhat dated and shabby at £1400 per night plus a 7% service charge I felt quite angry.In addition to this the staff all had complete personality bypasses; I have been treated much better at much lesser hotels.We decided to try Gordon Ramseys where the service was exellent; but again the food was not what we expected, being ex pats and living in Belgium now, we can find 20 restaurants equal to Ramseys within a few miles of our home.To sum everthing up basically this is a very over rated, drastically over priced hotel. The Marriott County Hall is everthing Claridges should be in terms of staff service.i will not be booking again.	
Jan 27 2009 	Excellent Night	My girlfriend and I stayed at Claridges on the Friday just gone (23rd) in Celebration of my 30th Birthday and our 1st year together, and what a treat it was. I think the blonde was expecting a Travelodge, so when we pulled up outside Claridges her mouth was agape. We were welcomed not only by very polite and courteous Staff, but also wonderful checked marble flooring, an open fireplace with flames blazing, and a sweeping staircase leading up to a Grand piano.....If I wanted to impress I had achieved it within the first 20 seconds!! The Receptionist then informed me that as it was a Special occasion of ours, we had been upgraded from a King Deluxe room to a Claridges suite at no extra cost, which was very welcome indeed. Upon entering the Suite I was overwhelmed (though tried not to show it), and the blonde was amazed, it was so spacious, clean, and majestic, I was impressing myself now!! I did ask the bell boy for a pot of tea to be brought up (as the Suite rather oddly didn't have hot drink making facilities) which was obviously lost in translation, but upon calling room service, a sumptuous salver containing a huge pot of English tea, milk, sugar, cups and brownies arrived within 5 minutes. After returning from our dinner reservations we headed in to the Bar, and happily whiled away the hours until 3am sipping on glorious gin cocktails and wine on the comfortable sofas in Reception (as there was more light there) while watching the other guests meander about. In the morning our breakfast was delivered to our room at bang on 9am as requested, and was set up in all it's splendour, with everything except the black pudding which had been forgotten, but was soon brought up.....it was all delicious! We then returned to the most enormous and snug bed I have ever had the pleasure to sleep in for a couple of hours until the unfortunate time came to leave. The one bad point was then having to wait for an age in Reception to book out due to there not being adequate Staff, which did annoy me a little considering the high standard received everywhere else, but other than that it was some of the best money I have ever spent. I won plenty of brownie points with the blonde as well!!	
Jan 9 2009 	Our Wedding Night Venue	We spent our wedding night at Claridges on 23 December 08. It's always been a dream of mine to stay at Claridges, having visited for tea and dinner at Gordon Ramsey's restaurant on several occasions. In my opinion, it's the most beautiful hotel in London.We were deferring our honeymoon till Feb 09 due to our kids/Xmas being just after our big day so decided to spend the night in luxury - and it certainly was that. Our room was lovely, particularly the original art deco features, spacious and elegant and a big comfortable bed. It was exactly what we needed after the exhaustion of the day. I sent a piece of lingerie to be pressed before dressing to go out to supper and was frankly surprised to see they'd charged me £12.50 for this service. It was literally a silk camisole which I could have pressed myself had there been an iron in the walk in wardrobe area. Little point but I felt it was excessive considering there was no cleaning involved.Main gripe was that we didn't get to bed until 0200 having completed our in room breakfast request for an 0900 delivery that morning. At 0700 our phone rang - breakfast was served gaahh ?! They had misread my writing which meant we were robbed of two hours much needed rest which when you have kids under five, you'll appreciate how galling that is ! Seemed strange to wake a couple clearly staying for their wedding night with such an early breakfast, they could have checked if there'd been any doubt over handwriting.But otherwise a truly lovely experience and much befitting of one's first night as a married couple.Enjoy	
Jan 8 2009 	London's best	Claridges is my firm favourite when staying in London. I have stayed here a few times and each time the room and service has been excellent.The hotel itself is stunning and whist thoroughly modernised it is not a 'modern' hotel, retaining many original fixtures and fittings. If cutting edge is what you are looking for Claridges may not be for you. If, however, you are a fan of more glamarous era of travel and you want a glimpse of the past this hotel will delight.Each time I have stayed we have been upgraded and on the last occassion we were given a Mayfair suite. The rooms have all been beautiful with the best bathrooms in London by a mile. That said they have been quite different each time so I would ask to move if you don't like your allocated room.Breakfast is great and a treat all in itself. Dinner in Gordon Ramsay's restaurant is good although book well in advance. There are many amazing restaurants in London if you can't get a table and the concierge is very helpful in arranging dinner.Downsides? Like other reviewers I have had errors on my bill when checking out so do have a proper look when paying the bill.	
Dec 19 2008 	Quirky - needs to sharpen its act	One expects a lot from a hotel with this reputation. Unfortunately, it seems to be trading on that reputation more than it should. I should say from the outset that with the exception of the reception staff, the other staff could not have been more friendly or helpful - the lift operators (yes, still working here) were absolute gems. From there, things aren't so good. I booked a Deluxe King weeks in advance, ordered champagne, chocolates and flowers to be in the room on checking in at the official time, and had dinner booked at Gordon Ramsay's Maze (the Gordon Ramsay in the hotel was booked up months ago). On arrival, at the stated time, I found the porters excellent but the receptionist brusque, and almost rude when she demanded my wife's name - why? No-one has ever asked before, and I could see no reason for the request. We were shown to the room, and I immediately noticed that none of the requested items were in place. I was told they would arrive later, and to help us along they would send up two glasses of champagne. These never arrived. In the end the flowers turned up after two hours, and following a sharp phone call - where reception made excuses - the champagne and chocolates arrived even later. The fruit tray consisted of a small bunch of grapes, a single tangerine, and a solitary, bruised apple. Not a good start., but to give the hotel its due, they removed the charges for the late items. The room itself was large and airy, with a original Art Deco style, well equipped in the main, although the TV picture quality was rather poor. Turndown service was nicely done.The next morning we went down to breakfast. We had to queue for a table (queue? in a 5 star hotel?), and were given a table overlooked by the aforementioned queue,. This table was also subjected to freezing blasts of cold air from the front door. Although we asked for different teas, only one pot turned up for us to share.We had room service twice, and it was excellent. - they did this well.We ran out of toilet paper - there was no spare - I rang housekeeping but none came. Most odd. One day the flannels disappeared from the bathroom, to reappear the next. Although a hair dryer was supplied, there was no power point beside a mirror. In the end we had to improvise with a chair and a wardrobe door (see picture!). I suppose the traditional clientele have a maid to do this stuff, the rest of use have to adopt the Camilla look.The bed itself, while impressive, was two singles pushed together and it sagged badly n the middle, which we kept rolling into. On our final night, we found that sound insulation between rooms was non-existent. The gentleman next door came in at 0300 and started a party. We heard every detail through the paper thin isolating doors and finally complained to reception at 0400. The music stopped but the conversation still kept us awake for another hour. I complained when checking out but the receptionist had little interest in my problems.All in all this was a curious experience. The hotel reflects the standards of an earlier age, and for those who are seeking that kind of experience, despite the inconsistent service levels, it may be a good choice. For those wanting value for a lot of money, look elsewhere. Once you've got over telling taxi drivers &quot;Claridge's, please&quot; - there is a certain buzz - you realise that it is offering little beyond its name, and that travellers with an expectation of more modern faciltiies and predictable service would do better elsewhere.I also find it amazing that guests do not get some priority at the the signature restaurant. Fortunately the Maze is only a few yards away, but that, at least for now, still needs advance booking.	
Dec 11 2008 	Beautiful but not as good as expected	Claridges will never be short of custom because of its status. It was that status that enticed us to book a night there before going to Paris for our wedding anniversary. I had been longing to stay in Claridges for some time having gazed at the beautiful staircase every time I was passing through the lobby to meet friends for drinks or dinner.Whilst there were many positive aspects to our stay - nice well appointed room with art deco furniture, excellent bathroom with what looked to be original 1920's porcelain, comfy bed, turndown and ample space - finding a half eaten chocolate bar in our mini bar when we arrived in the room was less than positive.Of course an oversight can happen anywhere and in a hotel as busy as Claridges it is perhaps not surprising. However I sincerely doubt when the Jolie-Pitts arrived in their suite (they stayed the previous week) they would have found anything of the sort!If you are going to charge upwards ot £300 a night you need to make sure that the mini bar is checked when servicing the room. We reported this instance to an apologetic (if slightly insincere) receptionist when we were on our way out shopping, yet had to follow this up later when a replacement was not forthcoming.Our room was not made up as requested. I had asked for non allergenic pillows and while I was having a relaxing bath before dinner, housekeeping arrived as there had been a last minute change of the room we were allocated and the pillows were not non allergenic. Thankfully my husband was able to close the bathroom door and deal with this. Had I been alone it would have been an irritation.Breakfast was not included in our room rate - which is fine but at no stage was this made clear. Perhaps it is not included in any room rate. Whilst it was a decent breakfast, service was on the slow side and we paid around £40 for the privilege. Had I known I'd have opted for a pain au chocolat at St Pancras on my way to the Eurostar.In summary, a gorgeous hotel and I'm glad we stayed, but would I return? Probably not . I'd rather gaze at the staircase from the lobby and imagine a world of luxury at the top. The dream and the reality don't quite match up. I'd recommend Claridges (it is a London institution after all) to friends but only after I'd told them what to look out for!	
Nov 15 2008	Timeless Style	We spent a long weekend in London and returned to the Claridge's for the third time.We love the whole of it: the place, the service, the flower arrangements, down to the silver sugar tongs nicely lying on the sugar box for breakfast. Details are everything and they sure know how to care for them.Step inside and you will be taken back in time into a Wildeian Era where beauty is a style of life.Go, pamper yourself and forget about what you leave behind. Easy to check in, hard to check out!!Good food, great service.Only mishap: the bathrobe was dirty; by putting it back on the hangers every morning they sometimes 'forget' to put fresh ones when new guests arrive. Should be more careful, not really Claridge's!	
Nov 7 2008 	Epitome of old style charm and service	Claridges is the best hotel in the UK and deservedly belongs to the group of Leading Hotels of the World.It has old style charm coupled with attentive impeccable service. You are assured a wonderful experience from arrival to departure. It is always a delight to climb the sweeping staircase that leads from the Foyer onto the wide grand corridors to your suite/room. There are lifts if you prefer a more relaxing ascent!We have been fortunate to stay at Claridges several times and our rooms have all been supremely comfortable. Actually, they have been the largest bedrooms and bathrooms in any of the luxury UK hotels we have stayed in. One room in particular, Suite 216 was an Art Décor paradise. It was absolutely fantastic. However, our favourite piece of décor was the grand Dale Chihuly chandelier which adornes the ceiling in the Foyer area.Claridges Bar is still one of the most stylish in Mayfair and the staff amaze us with their fantastic memory of our personal drink preferences.Gordon Ramsey’s is a must, where you will enjoy some of the finest cuisine in London. It is advisable to book well in advance to secure a table reservation. However, be aware, GR isnt a keen supporter of vegetarians and therefore their choices are limited.	
Nov 1 2008 	Claridges in London - Nice but not as good as what I had hoped	I booked a queen sized luxury room for the weekend for my husband's birthday. The hotel had been recommended to me by a friend.We paid for a car to pick us up from the airport and take us to the hotel. This was a Mercedes S Class and was luxurious and well worth the money. The arrival to the hotel was amazing as we were greeted by footmen in top hats who took our luggage to our room as we checked in. The hotel itself was perfectly located for shopping, the theatre and sightseeing around London.The room itself was ok, it had lovely high ceilings, air con and a flat screen tv. The issues with the room were that: the internet did not work in the bedroom; the shower screen leaked so that after a shower the bathroom floor was a pool of water; and at night because we had a room overlooking the inner courtyard all you could hear was the noise of the the fans of airconditioning machines, even after using earplugs!Whilst I cannot fault the service and the location of the hotel I would have expected not to be kept awake all night by the sound of the fans of the airconditioning when you pay to stay in a 5 star hotel.	
Oct 12 2008 	Wonderful	Our family has been staying at Claridges for some time now. While it has lost some of its flair, it still remains one of the best hotels in london. We booked one linley suite and several rooms and found them to be in excellent condition. The staff as usual were very friendly and made a tremendous effort, in particular Martin the concierge, and the very friendly elevator boy. It still is top notch, has a wonderful sixth floor and the best location. I highly reccomend it.	
Sep 6 2008 	A lesson in how to make people love you....	My friend and I booked a twin room at Claridges and it wasn't cheap. However it was worth every single penny. Every penny. Everything was perfect. Service? The service made me proud to be British. Our room wasn't ready for 10 minutes - we were escorted to the bar for complimentary champagne. One of our keys didn't work - more free champagne. EVERY member of staff was excellent. We were greeted everywhere we went. Everyone was helpful. The room was wonderful, the bath like a swimming pool and the bed?! If my bed would have fitted in my bag I would have nicked it it was that comfortable. I am gushing but I really can't fault it. It lives up to it's reputation. A really special treat. I've given other places 5 stars - but this is a class apart.	
Aug 22 2008 	Wow wow wow	Had the most amazing 3 nights stay in Claridges mid August. I was brought away by my husband to celebrate my 40th birthday and on our arrival we found a bottle of Laurent Perrier Champagne on ice and a plate with hand made chocolates and happy birthday written in chocolate all courtesy of the hotel. We booked a superior king room and got a lovely room on the 4th floor over looking a side street. We had a choice of an art deco room or a traditional decor and opted for the traditional which was understated and lovely. It had a large king size bed mirrored bedside lockers a writing desk and lounge chair. I then had my own dressing room with wardrobes and a fab mirrored dressing table which then led into the bathroom which was original 1920 s decor but updated with a shower head the size of an average dinner plate! They had a switch in the bathroom so you could opt to listen to the tv/cd player while in there. The toiletries were Asprey s Purple water range - fabulous with shower gel, shampoo and conditioner available along with a silver dish of cotton buds and the usual sewing kit etc., They had this really clever button pad system on each bedside locker with a valet, maid and privacy button. If you opted for the privacy button it would light up outside your room and no one would bother you (do not disturb without the hassle of hanging a sign on the door). We could have had a valet come in to unpack but to be honest was far to concious of my suitcase and its contents for that! You can leave your shoes outside your door in the evening and they will polish them for you free of charge. They changed the fruit in your room daily. We ordered breakfast the first day and although the room was huge we were bemused as to where we would eat it as no obvious side table. The waiter arrived in with a hostess trolley - he pulled out 2 side leaves and dressed the table with linen etc., breakfast in silver platters individual cooling buckets for our selected juices.... there was even a little box full of dried fruit and nuts with a little tag which said &quot;for your elevenses&quot;. The attention to detail is amazing yet the staff friendly and you don't feel fawned over. There is a clever brass plaque on the wall beside lift door on each floor telling you were this lift is situated on the ground floor i.e. you will exit to the right of the concierge desk. The lifts have sofa's in them! While flicking through the hotel information book one day I came across suggested jogging routes ranging from 1.5 - 5 kms and a map mapping out the routes.The dress code is smart casual and they dont encourage cameras in the public areas as a privacy policy to anyone famous staying there. (didnt spot anyone while we were there). The bar is small and cozy with an extensive cocktail range and very nice nibbles courtesy of the waiter. We ate at Gordon Ramsays at Claridges on the evening of my birthday and it was fab. We opted for the tasting menu and although 7 courses long you didn't have that christmas day feeling when you were done (nor did you need to stop off for chips on the way home!) . The hotel is excellently located around the corner from Bond St tube station, Oxford Street, Bond Street and Regent Street. We paid £360 per night not including breakfast which was a further £32 per person. Although expensive we felt we had got value for money. We would definetely go back - next time before christmas as would love to see the foyer decorated with christmas trees etc., Go if you can its worth the expense - you only live once.	
Aug 17 2008 	Hope to be back	Passed a very pleasant two nights here in August 08. Paid £300 per night without breakfast.Central location, near Oxford/Bond Street and tube stop.Its a real class act, the service was excellent, friendly and professional, not overtly pretentious like e.g Ritz, Paris.The hotel is mainly Art Deco in style and has beautiful features (see pics).Room, comfortable, clean, not as sumptuous,nicely furnished or as large as some hotels I have stayed in but none the less very nice. Foyer area with wardrobe space, main room and marble clad bathroom,which had a huge bath,wide and deep,and all the usual 5 star hotel paraphernalia, bathrobes,slippers,soaps,wi-fi,tv,umbrella, turndown service etc. Bars, choice of two, and in addition in the main foyer they serve cream teas,and meals.One bar is quite/intimate the &quot;Fumior&quot;, leather seats,elegant Art Deco, the other was quite lively and laidback, although nowhere as nicely furnished as the Fumoir.Service in both was spot on. Drinks prices from about £10 glass of red, £11 + for cocktails.Restaurants, there are 3, including a Gordon Ramsay £70 three course menu. I didn't try any but they all looked great.For £300 per night good value.	
Aug 8 2008 	Paradise on earth	Stayed at Claridge's for four days in August 2008. The hotel is certainly not cheap, but if you accept that any hotel is worth these prices, then Claridge's certainly is. The room was an excellent size, and the Art Deco detailing was exquisite. All of the furnishings were wonderful, and all modern conveniences were supplied. However, what truly distinguishes Claridge's is the service. Everyone receives perfect service, whether they are the Grand Duke of Luxembourg (very possible at this hotel) or an ordinary visitor. By the second day, each elevator operator knew me and knew which floor I wanted. When I made the reservation, I had told the hotel I was celebrating a milestone birthday, and on my birthday upon my return to my room there was a small (and delicious) birthday cake. The entire staff is invariably pleasant and there to serve. What is amazing is that they remain in the background discreetly when you don't need them, but somehow sense when you want them, and are there before you even summon them. I cannot imagine a better hotel. If only I could afford to go more often.	
Aug 8 2008 	Quite Disappointing	As a special treat (and 7 months in advance) we reserved for the last 2 nights of our vacation. On arrival in the late afternoon from Paris we found that our rooms were not ready and despite repeated assurances that it would be 10 minutes we waited almost an hour.I have read a lot of glowing reports of the rooms here but I have to say that when they did their renovation they must have forgotten about the rooms we got (far from each other and on the 3rd floor I think). Except for a few new electrical outlets and some very noisy A/C they seemed nearly untouched since the War.On the plus side, the public rooms of the hotel are nice, the food was excellent and the bathrobes cost less than the Meurice (though the Meurice's were nicer).Over all I guess I would not stay there again unless I was sure of getting one of those fab new rooms I hear about...	
Jul 6 2008 	Class in London	I went with my wife to the Claridge's in London for a two day vacation. We had reserved a superior room. For some reason, they upgraded us to the junior suite.The junior suite had been recently renovated. It was elegant (30s art deco) and confortable. A subtle flower smell was floating all around, a bottle of Laurent Perrier Champagne waiting for us. The room was big and confortable and the living room was very big. It made our stay a blast. The whole suite was maybe 90 sqm. The turn down service was also very well done, with a number of indirect lights giving a very cosy atmosphere, the fatly padded slippers for our feet, a bottle of water should we be thirsty in the night, new towels, etc etc... Every detail was attended to. Even their shower was exceptional- a Head shower and a shoulder shower!!!We had the tea ceremony at 17:00. the ambiance was very refined, the service good, the tea and pastries very tasty. paying for this indulgence 35 GBP We however skipped the sandwiches and the champagne saving around 50 extra GBP. The morale: nice experience, but veeery expensive. But this is London...The hotel is centrally located, 10 mins walk from picadilly circus, 20 mins from the theater district.There is nothing i can say negative about this hotel apart from the fact it was expensive, (but worth the money if u can afford it), Staff was courteous and friendly, ambiance was superb, make u feel like royalty. They even have a couch in the elevator!!!I Strongly recommend it for a 2 day romantic getaway.	
May 23 2008 	The Best Hotel in London	We stayed for two nights at Claridge's (having stayed on previous occasions), and were thoroughly delighted. We had a deluxe refurbished room on the seventh floor, which was extremely spacious, with a very large bathroom (including walk-in shower), a lobby and walk-in wardrobe. The style of the room was toned-down Art Deco (rather than Belle Epoque), and very elegantly done. Service in general in the hotel is more or less flawless, with a seamless flow from door to room. One's bags are whipped out of the taxi and reappear in the room; the reception staff are very helpful, and the lift-operators are always very friendly, and usually remember which floor you are on. There is something about the whole operation which just seems to work so much better than anywhere else. One can tell that the only concern of the staff is to get things right every time.Breakfast in the very comfortable Foyer or Reading Room is excellent, with no uncivilised buffet nonsense. You just order what you want and they bring it. The staff also know your name when they serve you.Two slight disappointments about the hotel are, first, that it is almost impossible to get a table at the Gordon Ramsay Restaurant without booking more than a month in advance; and secondly, that the main bar can get full and a little rowdy at times. One has to settle for a drink in The Foyer or Fumoir instead. The service remains, nevertheless exemplary.I have been to hotels which are different, but not one which is better.	
May 22 2008 	Timeless Glamour!	From the moment we arrived we were swept away with the style and glamour of this London property.The bar oozed class and the food in the reading room was to die for!Our room was art deco in style and I had the most conforatble nights sleep. Breakfast in bed the bed the next day with the most fantastic menu choices available- they even made us items not featured!!We soaked up the atmosphere before leaving but I know that we will be back again before the end of the year-definitely a new London home for us!!	
May 16 2008 	Loved Claridge's. Discreet attentive service wow factor!	Stopped here in a suite for my 30th birthday. Suite was great - large sitting room with DVD, CD player, flat screen etc. Bedroom also large with flat screen. Bathroom massive. Champagne, flowers and chocs. Cannot fault it. It's expensive at £330 per night but to be honest, worth every penny! What is really magnificent about Claridge's though and what makes the difference between a 4* and 5* hotel IMHO is the service. The service is FANTASTIC!!! At breakfast for example we were asked if we would like some orange juice we said 'yes please' and then our waiter, who had a 'secondary waiter' behind him, snapped his fingers and OJ appeared instantly courtesy of the secondary waiter. It was rather marvellous. Claridge's is also down to earth and not at all pretentious. The staff, including the door staff, reception and chambermaids who we spoke to, was incredibly professional and friendly. One woman we met had worked there for over 30 years. Stopping at Claridge's is an experience that I think everyone should do at least once in their lifetime! Book early (i.e. 3 months in advance) to get a table at Gordon Ramsay at Claridge's though or you won't get in!!	
Apr 14 2008 	A Grand Hotel with Great Service	Stayed at Claridge's for four nights on business in April 2008. What a fine property! This is a grand hotel that really knows the meaning of the word &quot;service.&quot; The rooms are large (even by American standards) and the furnishings are very nice. My room even had an antique desk, which was beautiful in addition to being functional. The bathroom was also large. Room service was prompt (when you ask for breakfast to arrive at 7:00, it is there at 7:00 on the dot) and the food was delicious. The service staff was very helpful and courteous, and always went out of their way to make sure I had everything I needed.Location is also great --- in the heart of fashionable Mayfair and close to both Hyde Park and Bond and Oxford Streets. For those taking the Heathrow Express into Paddington Station, it is less than a 10 minute cab ride to Claridge's from Paddington.Claridge's is quite pricey, but for Americans everything in the U.K. is expensive these days. If the exchange rate were 1-1, Americans would probably think Claridge's was a bargain considering the comfort and service you receive. I would go back in a second.	
Mar 6 2008 	a classic	stayed recently at claridges and found it magnificent.it is truely an institution to good service and customer care.had stayed there once before in 99 but since then it has undergone a facelift especially in the public spaces but i found these changes were completed tastefully.the room was very large and spacious and the location in central london is excellent.while it certainly is rather expensive i can only say that it is worth it.	
Jan 29 2008 	What an Amazing Hotel	We loved Claridge's! We only had the pleasure of staying one night, but found it to be one of the best hotels we've ever stayed in. Both of us are former employees of The Ritz-Carlton hotel company, and are pretty particular when it comes to hotel experiences - although Claridge's was a big splurge for us. From the moment we got out of the cab, we had a fantastic experience with the friendly and non-stuffy bellmen, front desk staff and in-room dining. Our room was beautiful - the linens were great, the bathroom was sparkling and the magazine selection made me happy. The only issue we had was with the shower, it did not drain properly and we had a hard time with the partial glass curtain (I guess we Americans are used to a fully enclosed shower) so our bathroom was pretty flooded after two showers. I can't wait to go back!	
Jan 15 2008	Claridge's -- the ultimate luxury hotel	We have stayed at Claridge's four or five times now. This is not a hotel for someone who likes modern or sleek hotels, as Claridge's aspires to be neither. It's as I would imagine staying at Buckingham Palace would be -- exciting and extremely nice, but a little bit dowdy.The lobby at Claridge's is sparkling and electric however, lined with photos of prior customers (think Churchill, Hepburn, and Jackie O). And the location of the hotel is top-notch. We love to walk, and Claridge's puts you in a fantastic London location. There has been a lot of work in the hotel lately -- new carpets and some room refurbishments. However, their idea seems to be to maintain the traditional feel of the hotel. So you will get some really unusual (and some would argue unattractive) light fixtures and such, but they are all in wonderful shape. The bathroom countertops in a kind of black marble look to have been there forever -- or a good fifty years or so, although they are fabulously well-maintained as well. There are a few pieces of furniture in the rooms that are of rather questionable taste (chrome coatracks come to mind). If you saw them in a budget hotel you would not be surprised. These are coupled with some really beautiful, old built-in wood fixtures - mahogany closets and drawers of which you don't see the likes today.Truly, the feel of the place is magical to me, and of another world and time. And frankly, that's what I enjoy about London -- the feel of being able to travel back in time. And perhaps the best qualities of the hotel are the fantastic staff. Housekeeping standards are top-notch. And other staff are readily available to take care of any requests. They promptly ran out and got needed medicine for us this time from the late-night pharmacy at Marble Arch.Far from being totally stuck in tradition, however, Claridge's does make changes when necessary. There is now free wireless interenet access from the rooms (very much appreciated) and the new Asprey toiletries are a big improvement.We travel a lot, and find that you must look harder and harder for truly unique and memorable travel experiences. Claridge's is one of those and is definitely worth a try for the luxury hotel lover.	
Jan 15 2008 	Tired and outdated	We stayed at Claridges for one night after returning from a fanatastic break in New York.We arrived at the hotel at 9.30 am feeling tired and in need of a freshen up.Firstly our 6 suitcases were not removed from the taxi and we had to ask for this to be done-not what we expected.Reception was a little better,although another guest checking out was not at all pleased with their stay and the receptionist was fetching the hotel manager as we were checking in!!! We were shown to our room,and had a quick tour of the facilities. We were then offered compilmentary coffed,which we gladly accepted.After 40 minutes wait no coffee,so rang reception who apologised and sent some up within 10 minutes.This would not have been so bad if we were not wanting to have a shower and go to bed for a few hours sleep.After the coffee arrived,and we had time to look around the room,it was clearly in need of some much needed refreshment.The carpet was lifting in places and although lovely at some time,the wardrobes and furniture could do with some restoration.I am fully aware this is not a modern hotel with modern fittings,but that is no excuse for looking tired.The bathroom however was a lot better appearance wise,until we lifted the toilet seat to find an unwanted leftover from the last guest or housekeeping.Wanting to get to bed,nothing was said until checking out in the morning.There was then only an apology from the check out desk,and a note to mention it to housekeeping.Very poor and not what is expected of a top class hotel.Throughout our nights stay,we had to open the door to leave the and enter the building ourselves as the doormen seemed far more intersted in chatting to each other or delivery drivers/taxis.Perhaps our experience was a one off or we are just picky,but a hotel of this level should have perfect service and not rely on false Englishness for the sake of foreign visitors.Quaintness may be very well for overawed American tourists,but if you have just returned from a perfect stay at an American hotel in New York,then frankly claridges is a little poor to say the least.I would not recommend this hotel,there are far better hotels in London,so do not be swayed by a name.Our stay may have been a one off,but we have been left very dissapointed.	
Jan 6 2008 	Pretty Good Stay 4 out of 5 overall	We stayed at Claridges recently on our return to London on a UK round trip after having stayed at the Dorchester the week before. Having read all of the reviews I would say in brief that it seems to largely depend on which room you are allocated as to the quality of your experience. Our experience was above average as:- 1) We arrived at the hotel at 11am and were immediately shown to our room.2) We were allocated a Luxury Double room on the refurbished 7th floor. We found the room to be quite spacious with a separate dressing area, separate entrance corridor, and bathroom with separate shower and bath - all in marble and in appropriate high quality.3) The quality of the amenities is also high and we enjoyed the thick slippers and robes.If I were to be picky, the negatives I would highlight are:-1) The AV system in the refurbished rooms is very old - an early 90s Philips TV and Sony Stereo. I would have expected new plasma/lcd screen as can be found in other newer hotels (Covent Garden, Soho House for example).2) The maid service was good but I was a little surprised to get a knock on the door before 9am to ask what time they would be able to clean (on our final morning as well..).Finally, in comparison to the Dorchester, I think our room at Claridges was slightly better; the public spaces in both are excellent as is the service, the Dorchester did however offer better value for money as the room rate included an excellent breakfast.	
Jan 1 2008 	peaceful indulgence	Four of us spent three wonderful nights at Claridge's to celebrate a birthday. We arrived at Heathrow around 7:30am and were warmly greeted by the driver sent by the hotel to pick us up. Although we were at Claridge's within 30 minutes, the hotel had both rooms ready for us. Check-in was a breeze - friendly and efficient. Our room - superior king - was nicely appointed, but not the nicest room I've stayed in. It was large, the bed was heavenly, there was plenty of closet and drawer space, and the lighting was sufficent; the very large bathroom was equipped with double sinks, a bidet and toilet, towel warming racks, a warmed marble floor, and a tub/shower with the largest shower head I've seen! What separated this room from the &quot;best&quot; was the rather uninspiring carpeting (sort of a rust/brown wall-to-wall that looked like it belonged in a den) and rather drab decorating colors. For a listed 569 pounds per night, I expected a little more &quot;zip&quot;. The other couple's room (still a superior king) was a bit different: It had a smaller, narrower bathroom because it was separated from the bedroom by a small sitting area with desk and closet. Also, the half-glass wall on their tub/shower leaked dreadfully each time they showered. Their bedroom was identical to ours, however. Between the two rooms, we all agreed that ours was the preferred one b/c the &quot;sitting room&quot; wasn't necessary and the location of their room (146) seemed to be above a loading area which resulted in hearing frequent &quot;scraping&quot; noises - not unbearalbe, but an occasional annoyance. Since we all spent so little time in the rooms, they decided not to ask for a room switch. As for service: Impeccable, efficient, friendly, helpful. The Concierge services booked our theatre night and dinner reservations , found us a driver and car for our 5 hour a la carte tour of the city (55 pounds per hour w/ minimum of 2 hrs. and well worth every pound!) , and answered all of our many questions. We took breakfast each morning in the dining room downstairs (the Foyer), dined sumptiously at Gordon Ramsay, had afternoon tea (my sister-in-law and I, that is), and had after dinner cocktails in the bar. Despite what I had heard about &quot;uninspiring&quot; English food, the meals were delicious. Worth particular mention: the afternoon tea (42 pounds per person, I believe) which was almost 2 hours of pampering and our dinner at Gordon Ramsay where the quality of service was only outdone by the quality of the food. On our departure day, our driver was ready for us on time for our return to Heathrow. The only &quot;downsides&quot; to this very memorable stay were the shocking prices of London. I go yearly to Paris where prices are certainly not inexpensive, but they pale by comparison to what I found in London!	
Jan 1 2008	Resting on Laurels	When we decided, sort of on the spur of the moment, to go to London for New Year's Eve for a long weekend, we thought it would be a blast to stay at Claridges. Well, for $1000 a night, there are better blasts to be had. On the plus side, the location was perfection, and it was always a thrill to walk through the doors. On the minus: our room was a hideously ugly cube overlooking the airshaft, painted shades of turquoise, and crammed full of tacky furniture with olive green curtains and clunky armchairs. A massive armoire holding an outdated tv took up most of the space that was not bed (two twins pushed together, not a &quot;king&quot;-- however the bed linens were lovely). There was not enough light to even dress, let alone read a paper, by the antiquated lamps. The room was full of dust, a particularly thick layer coated the glass bedside table-- I suppose that if there were more light in the room, there would have been more dust visible. The bathtub was huge, and boasted three different sets of taps, one for shower, one for tub, one for handshower-- they all leaked constantly, and a call to the desk to repair it resulted in no improvement of drip, but filth from the plumber all over the bathroom. The chambermaid left a dirty sponge in the tub the day before, so we were used to it. the layout of the narrow bathroom was terrible too-- toilet and bidet inches from sink. (on the plus-- loads of asprey amenities). Charm? sometimes its a euphemism for dated. All in all, we had a fabulous time in London, but I doubt I would book Claridges again.	
Dec 24 2007 	A Wonderful Experience	My husband booked a 60th birthday suprise of afternoon tea in Claridges, a show, then staying the night in Claridges. Fom the moment we drove up to hotel entrance and was greeted by Roman, the doorman till our car was brought back to the hotel for leaving we could not of had better service and attention. The staff everywhere were so very attentive and welcoming,They truely made us feel special. The afternoon tea was quintessential &quot;English Afternoon Tea&quot;, just delightful. Our room was a superior twin, It was enormous, so much wardrobe and draw space, spotlessly clean, as was the bathroom, large and clean, with beautiful luxury towels and bathrobs. Complimentry coffee, fruit, a bottle of champagne and chocs on arrival in the room added to the very special feeling, all delivered by extremely plesent room service. All the little added touches were in the room, from shoe cleaning to a clothesbrush to bathroom toileteries etc etc. We had booked a smoking room and upon entry you really would not have known that it was a smoking room.If you are expecting to walk into a bright, modern marbled hotel forget it. Claridges is Art Deco, which some might consider old fashioned, but thats what gives it its character. The black &amp; white highly polished marbled floor as you enter through the famous revolving doors, the beautiful chandlier and the whole style of the walls, ceiling etc, the gorgous wide carpeted staircase. Being 3 days befor chirstmas I had expected Claridges to be beautifuly decorated, but infact with one huge silver decorated christmas tree in the foyer and a smaller one in the dining area, it was so tasteful, that to have had anymore would have been tacky.We had room service for a snack after the show, that was slower than I expected but it was 11.30pm. However room service as soon as we woke up at 8.00am was excellent. Our breakfast was superb, full english, cooked to perfection. Different staff, but again so charming from the moment we entered the dining area till we left.Roman the doorman who seemed to be on duty 24/7 was charming. He greeted us on arrival, wished us a happy evening as we left to see Sound of Music, greeted us when we arrived back after the show and had time to chat to us at 11.30pm and indeed was there to wave us off noon on Sunday. He even was more than willing to pose for some photos.Claridges is not a bold modern hotel, like the Belagio for example in Vegas, it is an old hotel in Art Deco style with a slightly modern twist, a truely superb hotel, Without quesion we would recommend Claridges.	
Dec 8 2007 	Simply the Best	My wife and I have stayed at Claridges now on a number of occasions, in main to celebrate a birthday/anniversary etc.It is always a great treat to go there albeit only for a night.Gordon Ramseys is always as excellent as ever and the staff courteous and polite, and the lunch menu still represents very good value for money. We in fact took a friend of ours there for lunch quite recently for his 60th and everyone did their very best to make our day one to remember.Sue and Richard	
Nov 30 2007 	Amazing	I cannot say how good the hotel was, from arriving to leaving it was a thing that will always remain in both mine and my wifes minds, the room was amazing, the service was amazing, we had fruit delivered at 5pm just as a snack???? it was the best hotel we have ever stayed at and (if we could afford it again) would stay in London at no other hotel.This was my wifes birthday surprise and I must say it was worth every penny spent.We stayed mid week and it was our first stay at the hotel we found it great, all I will say is Mr &amp; Mrs Edwards love the hotel and would recommend it to anyone.Please Claridge's invite us back and we would happily drop everything and be back before you could say north south divide.Paul &amp; Eileen	
Nov 26 2007 	Underwhelmed and Beware Room 701	We were excited to have two nights at Claridge's last week. The staff was excellent upon our arrival and the public areas are impressive. Our exceptionally large room (Deluxe king) was, however, a disappointment. Broken crooked lamp shades, lots of empty bookshelves (weird), unclean/broken bathroom fixtures, and an antiquated HVAC unit that worked less than 1/2 of our visit. The walls on the seventh floor (apparently a newer addition to the hotel) are also paper thin. I clearly heard conversations, phones ringing, the television, and doors closing. The service was generally top notch although we had to call twice for an iron one night and the front desk was less than warm when we checked out -- I was surprised not to be asked how we enjoyed the stay. Most of these issues (except the noise) could be overlooked in a lesser hotel, but for $800+ per night and given Claridge's reputation, I expected more.	
Nov 24 2007 	Mediocre New Decor	For years I considered Claridge's one of the best hotels not just in London, but the world. The perfect location, the stunning lobby and the first class service were just three reasons I truly loved this hotel. However, the new decor really disappointed me. Something significant has been lost in their &quot;update&quot;, and rooms and hallways now have an all too familiar feel, while their business center remains (for London) absurdly tiny.Simply put, the decor now feels ordinary, and for the price you pay to stay here, you don't want the average or pedestrian.	
Oct 19 2007 	Wonderful experience	Stayed at Claridge's for 3 nights in a deluxe room and thoroughly enjoyed it. Service at the hotel was very good--they had our room ready at 9 am (when our flight came in).The room was very British in that it had a somewhat quirky layout--when you entered there was a small vestibule and you could turn left into the bathroom or right into the bedroom. There was an enormous built in armoire in the bedroom with drawers for shirts, ect. The room was was reasonably large although adding a cot for a child would have been a tight fit. I actually liked the unique nature of the rooms but for someone who wants a very cookie cutter hotel room, this is not the place. Our room didn't have much of a view (this wasn't important though since we spent most of our time outside the hotel--FYI If you want a view, the Lanesborough has rooms that face the park.) The hotel has a counter in where you can purchase tickets to plays and a nice fireplace in the lobby with a couple of chairs (we visited in December) where you can sit and read. The concierge arranged for us to have tea at the hotel (which was quite nice) made reservations for a post theater dinner (also very good) and for an Indian restaurant (best Indian food I have ever had). The bar at the hotel was a fabulous place to get a drink at the end of the night. The central location makes getting around to the various tourist locations extremely easy --we walked almost everywhere. My wife loved the Floris products in the bathrooms--which was quite large and nice (although the layout was unusual--it was very narrow and long). I would definitely return.	
Oct 8 2007	Opulent and wonderful - as expected	My husband treated us to a night at Claridges which was a proper luxury as we live in London. It was a real pleasure. The staff from check in to room service were charming and helpful. The room was huge with wonderful art deco features and more wardrobe space than I've got clothes (and that's saying something!). The bathroom was huge and the bath more like a small swimming pool. The shower head was also enormous and involved back and neck massage jets. Heaven. The room was quiet and comfortable and just what we needed. Breakfast was delivered to us on a huge table, beautifully set with flowers and everything was plentiful and delicious. The hotel public areas are magnificent and make you feel as if you are on set on a glorious classic film. Lunch was lovely not just for the food but also for the room and the ambience. Afternoon tea was just exquisite and surely the best in London. The scones were heaven sent and had to be experienced to be believed. We did not eat in the restaurant on this occasion as we were guests at a wedding that night - but we have done so before and thought it excellent. Yes - Claridges is expensive. But would you expect it to be anything else? It is a beautiful, historic hotel where you feel totally spoiled and decadent and we would not have had it any other way. We look forward to having an excuse to do it again.	
Sep 19 2007 	Timeless Elegance	“Timeless elegance” is how I would describe our 3-night stay in Claridge’s in early September. Upon entering the hotel, we were smitten by a beautiful Art Deco lobby with a “Titanic-like” staircase. (I was expecting to see Katherine Hepburn and Spencer Tracy stroll by in formal attire - Spencer Tracy said that when he died he didn’t want to go to heaven, he wanted to go to Claridge’s – I now know exactly how he felt.) The staff was incredibly attentive and guided us to the reception desk. As the housekeeping staff was applying the finishing touches to our room, we went to have a drink in the bar. After a brief wait, we were escorted up to our room. Our room had an Art Deco motif with dark woods and ornate moldings on the walls and ceiling. A Superior King room, it seemed larger than the 377 square feet quoted on the website. The bathroom alone was about 100 square feet – with a 6-foot long tub/shower, sink, toilet, bidet and heated towel racks. There was also a wooden dresser for storage. The room had a flat-screen TV with internet access and a foyer which could be closed off with a second door. There were two large closets and a third closet which enclosed a safe, shelves and glass drawers for storage. The hotel provided bottled water and a bowl of fruit which was replenished daily throughout our stay. Overall, the staff could not have been any warmer or more helpful.For our interests, the location of Claridge’s could not have been more ideal. It was 50 feet from Bond Street – which is equivalent to Beverly Hill’s Rodeo Drive or New York’s 5th Avenue. It’s only a 15-20 minute walk to Buckingham Palace, Westminster Abbey, the West End (for theater) or Hyde Park. Needless to say, it’s very centrally located.There are numerous restaurants surrounding the hotel and then there is Gordon Ramsay’s Michelin-starred restaurant in Claridge’s. We had an excellent 3-course prix fixe lunch there for 30 pounds per person, which is a steal when you consider London’s prices and the poor exchange rate with the dollar. Two cocktails set us back $65. Taxi fare from Heathrow to central London will run about $110. Beware of sticker shock in London!We paid 309 pounds/night which, were it not for the poor exchange rate, would be a favorable price to stay at this legendary hotel. Unfortunately, at over $2 to the pound, this price becomes rather inflated. Despite this, I would rate our stay at Claridge’s as one of the most memorable ever. We have stayed in many luxurious hotels with more high-tech and modern conveniences, but none have had the aura and old-world style of Claridge’s. Without a doubt, we’ll be back again.	
Sep 15 2007 	Good hotel pity about the restaurant	My wife and I have just spent the night at Claridge’s. The main purpose of the visit was to visit Gordon Ramsay’s Restaurant there. Although expensive the hotel room and service was excellent. The only fault was that the quality of picture on the massive television made it almost impossible to watch. Don’t touch the impressive mini bar unless you are a multi millionaire. Just a pity about restaurant. For the high prices charged both food and service should have been excellent and exceptional. They were not: service was rather rushed, inattentive and impersonal and the quality of the food would have been raised several points if it had been served hot not lukewarm. I’ve eaten in several Michelin starred restaurants and this in my opinion was not of that standard.Breakfast was included in our room price and again, was very disappointing. It arrived quickly but could not have been freshly prepared. My poached eggs were almost cold as was everything else except the coffee and toast. Service verged on the off hand and even though we were sitting at an easily accessible table for two, the maitre d’ cleared my wife’s plate by stretching across her face without even an apology. Incidentally at the time we were only one of three other groups having breakfast, so there was no rush. I’ve had better breakfasts at greasy spoon establishments.The dining experience is letting the hotel down and is doing Gordon Ramsay’s reputation no credit.	
Sep 12 2007	Loved Claridges	This Hotel situated In the heart of Mayfair for me embodied the essence of English style.The room had an amazing interior design, encompassing traditional and art deco.I think the hotel was recently restored maintaining authenticity whilst offering the latest in creature comforts.Great hotel and well worth the money.[-------]	
Sep 12 2007 	Great hotel expensive but excellent quality	We spent 3 nights at Claridge's and absolutely enjoyed the time. For higher-end hotels the rate wasn't excessive and the service was definitely 5-star. There were always several hotel staff waiting around in the lobby to assist with whatever you needed and every request was met with a smile and immediate accommodation, just what you would expect at a hotel of this level. We were checking in early in the day and our original room wasn't ready but they quickly called housekeeping and found one that was available in a few minutes and offered us tea or coffee while we waited. We were shortly escorted to our room and our luggage arrived within 5 minutes. The room was very large with more closet space than you could need or want and very well appointed. It's an older, historic hotel so the floors creaked some and you could tell many of the fixtures were ancient but all clean and well maintained. We had a welcoming plate of chocolate truffles from Harrod's and a basket of fruit that was replenished throughout the day, each day during our stay. The housekeeping and turndown service was flawless and they seemed to time when to come in to the times we were out of the room. We tend to stay at nicer hotels and usually it's a bathrobe and a mint on the pillow for the higher price. Claridge's is one of the few hotels where I truly feel the extra price was justified in the accommodations and the service. We did have afternoon tea in the lobby and while it was nice, it didn't quite live up to the rest of the service we received at Claridge's and we agreed that tea service had been better at hotels even in the States.	
Aug 28 2007 	beautiful hotel	Good Hotel .Beautiful area and room. Long wait to check in but we were off to lunch anyway so not too bothered. We live in London and needed a few days away so chose somewhere we could go out and then get some rest . Near the park and close to the best bars and shops..Good choice.good deals on the website so check your facts if booking direct with Hotel. Superb breakfast in bed choices.The Bar is too expensive if you just want a glass of wine. Silly prices even for those who are used to London prices.Great Hotel to get away from reality in .Nice afternon tea scene if you are interested . No huge interaction with staff but not anything that bothered us.	
Aug 21 2007 	well worn	my wife and i stayed in room 144 .the view from the window was terrible over looking fans and windows with paint flaking along with dozens of cigarette butts directly outside our window.the carpet in the bedroom was worn and splitting .the bathtub had paint peeling from it .the room was very dreary and dark,it is the only five star hotel i have ever stayed in that does not leave mineral water beside the bed at turndown.breakfast is taken in the lobby with a gale blowing through the front door.i think this hotel is living on its past and needs a urgent refurbishment.in london i would say to stay in browns or the dorchester hotels for a much superior product.	
Aug 12 2007 	Nice but....	This is a very nice hotel, but it is not all it is cracked up to be. The staff was uneven in its service--sometimes great, sometimes non-existent. I had to call several times to get champagne (included in the rate) delivered to the room, and at breakfast (which was also included in my rate), the service was mediocre at best. The food was similarly uninteresting and mediocre. But the staff in the gym was excellent and the repairmen were terrific. That said, I also stayed at the Dorchester on this trip and can report that the beds in that hotel are far more comfortable than Claridge's, and the service better as well. It's a pity, but while I prefer the Claridge's location, I would choose to stay at other hotels because the premium price for this one, in my view, was just not worth it.	
Aug 6 2007 	As expected this is the best	I booked a night at Claridges as a treat for my husband's birthday, with Sunday lunch at the Gordon Ramsay restaurant the next day. I booked a double at £350 for the room - something happened that has never happened to us - we got upgraded! BUT not just to the next level of room but to a suite - it was absolutely beautiful, 3 huge rooms, art deco style and everything was fabulous. The bed was so comfortable and beautiful bed linens and towels.The service was impeccable, the receptionist was lovely, friendly, helpful and sincere.It is a beautiful hotel with a great history - well worth the stay.That evening - Saturday - we decided to have an early drink before we went to the theatre - this was our only disappointment at this hotel - the champagne bar is fab but fills up with non-guests just drinking and it meant that even at 6pm we couldnt get a seat or get served. Bit disappointing.Well, Sunday lunch at Gordon Ramsay was wonderful. Superb food, very attentive staff and overall a lovely experience. The lunch was actually surprisingly reasonable even with drinks and wine.However, room service at Claridges is expensive and breakfast proved to be very pricey.Well worth it for a special occasion and it is in a perfect spot for shopping, theatres and some lovely bars.	
Aug 5 2007 	Fastastic hotel	We're just back from 3 days here as the second part of our honeymoon and had a fantastic time. We stayed as part of a 3 day package including airport transfers and breakfast booked through the hotels own website and it worked out very good value indeed. We travelled in style in the Bentley from the airport and had a beautiful brand new S class mercedes on the way back. The driver Kevin was very informative about the local sights en route and it ended up a mini guided tour. We got upgraded to a one bedroom Linley Suite which was just refurbished with top quality furnishings and was hugh. The breakfast was consistently excellent whether in the room or downstairs and service was very attentive. We found the concierge very helpful booking dinner and giving advice. The bar is great too with great cocktails. The hotel location is very convenient so all in all this is definately our new place to stay in London.	
Jul 21 2007 	The London Hotel	My other home in London. This is one of the world’s finest hotels in an excellent location. 5 minutes from Bond Street and 5 minutes from the nicer end of Oxford Street. Some might find the hotel stuffy and a little old fashioned but it is a welcome change from the bland chain hotels that dot the world, staying here you know you are in London.Service is very discreet the superb housekeeping equally so. One of the best features are the massive shower heads in the bathrooms, other plumbing fixtures are 50’s British so enough said.Many different room configurations, all shapes and sizes so view first before deciding. Afternoon tea in the Foyer/Lobby is a must especially with the piano and violin duo to accompany the scones, double Devonshire cream and strawberry jams!The doorman are great, nice that they finally have new uniforms.	
Jul 19 2007	Great stay...	Business meeting here and had a great stay. Superior room, clean!, great bathroom, great bed, bedding and linens. Super nice service and staff and the restaurant was top notch. The business/meeting rooms were superior. Convenient location to sightseeting and the park. I'd definitely come back on vacation.	
Jul 8 2007 	A Great Hotel But	I love Claridges for a lot of reasons, but for a lot of other reasons it isn't my first choice in London, that honor usually goes to the Carlton Tower or the Rembrandt for similar reasons. I love the health clubs and their Knightsbridge locations.But this review is about Claridges..... I never feel quite comfortable here, because I feel I have to be on my best behavior at all times or an English nanny is going to come scold me for being a boorish American. The staff is polite, but reserved. The rooms are comfortable, but understated. Everything is almost too perfect, too uptight.The huge pluses here are it's location, it's fabulous restaurants and a nifty afternoon tea.	
Jul 6 2007 	One of the great hotels	This was the first time we had stayed at Claridge's, having previously stayed at the Connaught, which is under renovation. The differences are striking. The room was quite a bit larger, and the activity in the lobby and restaurants/bars made it more fun. The service was spectacular. We could not believe that we would go out for a coffee in the morning, and when we returned ,the room would already be made up. We did not try the restaurants, but our fellow travelers reported the main restaurant as being just so-so. Having said that, this hotel is a wonderful place to stay.	
Jun 30 2007 	A London gem	I have stayed at this hotel many times and have found this hotel to be flawless. Checkin this time was a breeze. Then I was taken to my deluxe art deco room. My favorite part of the room was that the far wall had glass paneling on it, and one of the panels opened up into the bathroom. I also enjoyed the deep tub in the bathroom. I feel that this hotel is the place to stay in London.	
Jun 16 2007 	Wonderful Wedding Present	My husband and I stayed at Claridges in a newly decorated Linley one bedroom corner suite 4th Floor for the weekend of 9/10th June. It was a wedding present from his sister. We arrived 3 hours before normal check-in time but were taken straight to our suite. All the staff were friendly and helpful. To say our suite was fantastic would be an understatement. The hall, bathroom, bedroom and lounge were spacious, warm and friendly. Perhaps a little to warm for our liking but the air-con clicked almost silently in as soon as required. The beautiful Asprey bathroom goodies were soon in use, although the bath was too long for me to lie in ! The shower head must have measured 10&quot; across. The mini-bar was not so mini and was stocked with very expensive champagne one side and chocolate bars the other. We had dinner at Gordon Ramsey's in the hotel that evening. All the staff were wonderful, attentive and knowledgable. The food was fantastic, apart from my icecream which was very bland. My husband ordered the cheese board which came with the most amazing 'cheese waiter' whose love of cheese and his job was obvious - its worth ordering just to have him recommend what he thought you would like after enquiring of you what you normally enjoy ! The meal was not overly expensive but the price of wine and drinks was. And so to bed, the linens were crisp, white and inviting as was the bed itself, which was in fact wider than it was long and could have held 5 to 6 people side by side. In the morning we ordered the full Organic English Breakfast in our room which I must say was terribly dissapointing, although tasty, the 2 poached eggs on a slice of bread, 1 sausage and 1 mushroom and 2 slices of bacon, (no black pudding turned up) tea, coffee,juice, toast and marmalade was definately not worth £31 per person! Having said that it truly was a magical weekend and I would love to do it again. Thank you Claridges for a super time.	
Jun 14 2007 	Resting on location and reputation	First, the good. We arrived in the afternoon and our two bedroom suite was ready and our luggage was quickly dropped off at our room. The rooms were spacious and bright and clean. They had high ceilings and although the decor was rather dull, they were updated. (5th floor). The beds and linens were nice and comfortable. The location is great, it is easy to get to the underground or get a taxi and the rooms were insulated from outside noise (not indoor noise, however).The bad. I contacted the concierge three weeks before arrival and asked for dinner reservations for four nights between 7 and 8 pm. We arrived the first night and were told that reservations were at 9:30-- I have three children-- and they had not made reservations for the fourth night. After first being told no, the concierge was later able to change the reservation but acted quite put out by the effort it took. Most hotels also give you a nice handwritten note detailing the reservations. I had to write them down myself and was never contacted with reservations for the fourth night of our stay! Room service is slow and late and the food is mediocre at best. I know that room service is quite expensive but an $11 side of toast should be edible. The food seemed cold and everything seemed to have been cooked hours before. I realize that it is London and you must ask for water, but every morning we asked for water and only received it two out of the four mornings. The water was also never refilled in our room and no water was placed by the bedside table at night. We felt like we had to stick our head under the sink to get enough water. It was also quite hot in our room and the airconditioners broke in two of the three rooms. After a late night service call, neither one was properly fixed and the rooms stayed warm throughout the day and night.The bar was horrific, smoky and the service was poor. There is not a pleasant place to sit and relax and enjoy the unbelievably expensive and crowded hotel. The business center is ridiculous and the charges bordering on obscene. Other hotels of this caliber offer the service for free or with a minor charge. And finally, a note about service. I had read that the hotel tries to know you by name, goes out of its way to provide good personal service. I must disagree. We received average and aloof service and despite the fact there were a number of people standing about the lobby, no one ever offered their assistance or seemed to care. The 5 percent added service charge at the end of the stay is an insult!.	
May 24 2007 	Claridge's is a bit of a mixed bag...	My significant other and I recently spent four nights at Claridge's. The mixed reviews on Trip Advisor would certainly reflect our experience at this august institution. Upon check in we were informed that we were lucky to be given a renovated room on the top floor...the desk clerk asked if we'd stayed at the hotel before and when we said no proceeded to give us a lengthy description of services...after a transatlantic flight this was a bit irritating as we just wanted to settle in and get ready for dinner, so tell them that you have been there before even if you haven't. The room was nice enough, but be warned that the ceilings are very low on the top floor and the rooms have little character. We asked to be moved, but the hotel was full that night...we were shown a room the next day that was un-renovated and then the following day that was on the first floor (really the second floor) with high ceilings, great art deco details and a new bed/bathroom. It was perfect. And that bathroom, by the way, is amazing...fantastic rain shower head makes it feel like you're standing under a waterfall!All that said, Claridge's is a &quot;busy&quot; hotel...lot's of bustling in the lobby as it opens right into the main loung/restaurant. Unlike many of the other London hotels where the doormen run to open your taxicab door and give you a warm greeting, you won't find that at Claridge's...you have to ask for a taxi and sometimes we found there was nobody manning the door at all and had to fend for ourselves! I just felt that the personal service we've received at other hotels like the Connaught and the Berkeley were lacking here. A previous reviewer mentioned nickel and diming...yes, there's some of that but if you're careful you can avoid it. What is perplexing is the discretionary 5% service charge they tack onto the bill...I asked about it and they said it covered all staff and was divided between the front and back of the house...when that was said I quit tipping people so consider that when being helped w/luggage or asking the concierge to do something for you.Not sure I'll stay here again...plenty of other great hotels in the neighborhood...	
May 2 2007 	Second Time around was perfect.	We stayed at Claridges back in April 2005, we had a nightmare stay. The bags took 90 minutes to arrive, there was smoke blowing into a non smoking room throught the air con, they also took £450 off our card without telling us. This left us stuck in London with no money!We wrote a strong letter of complaint, and we were invited back as guests. The room was upgraded and the staff were very helpull. The service was divine, the Breakfast was fantastic. The hotel is very old fashioned, but you are paying for service and English refinement. We can recommend for a treat. The best thing in Claridges is Gordon Ramsays restaurant. Book Early for a fantastic dining experience.	
Apr 28 2007	Run Down and they Nickel and Dime you	So aggravating....First the good things..great location, concierges are wonderful and helpful, room sizes are quite good and gym is good for a London hotel.Bad...rooms are in bad shape, carpets are threadbare. Seems fraying, stains everywhere, felt the need to where slippers in rooms. Most of the furniture is beaten up and not in an antique sort of way. Just tired and run down. Management said they are renovating rooms but would not give us a schedule and to date have only fixed about 20 of the rooms.Awful..They nickel and dime you. Infuriating. As we all know London is now the world's most expensive city for Americans because of the currency. Its fine to pay between $600 and $1000 per room because that seems to be market. This hotel charges$5.50 per 800 call. Most hotels do not. That means everytime you want to access your calling card you get wacked.1 minute local call is at least $6 dollars. The worst is their puny business center..If you want to check your emails it costs over $40 dollars for 20 minutes. Over $100 for one hour of computer usage. It doesn't seem fair that your have to pay thousands of dollars to stay at a hotel and than they nickel and dime you for items that should be included in your stay. Find a different hotel.	
Apr 16 2007 	Best grand hotel in London	Stayed at Claridge's recently for a weekend. This has to be my favourite hotel in London. It probably has the best location of any hotel in London - for tourists - as it is right next to Bond Street and Oxford Street and is within 5 minutes of an Underground station. Service at the reception and throughout the hotel is courteous and faultless.The rooms are large by London standards, and very clean. Furniture is in the classical style, and generally restrained. The beds are comfortable. Internet access - wired and wireless - is available in all rooms. Wall sockets for a variety of plugs and voltages are a welcome detail for overseas business travellers.Afternoon tea in Claridge's is an institution and should not be missed. Thankfully, Claridge's does not enforce a strict dress code, unlike some other London hotels. The clotted cream served with the scones is sinfully delicious and (as far as I know) only found in the UK. Gordon Ramsay has a restaurant here - it's good but the original in Chelsea is a lot better!The fitness centre is well equipped with Technogym machines. For joggers, Hyde Park is a 10-minute run away and is beautiful in springtime.One quirk with the service: Staff who regularly check on your room for cleaning, restocking the minibar, etc will knock to check if there is anyone inside. However, they do not seem to wait very long at all before opening the door! If privacy is required, the privacy switch should be used!	
Apr 14 2007 	Expected better...	My husband and I stayed for seven nights at Claridge's. We booked the &quot;Thumper Package,&quot; an Easter special, and arranged for the hotel to pick us up from the airport. They sent a Mercedes that they had said would cost 97 pounds, and later tried to charge me 220 pounds as it was a &quot;bank holiday.&quot; When we arrived, they gave us a room that was about the size of a standard room on a cruise ship. We could barely move around the bed without tripping over our luggage. There were no drawers and you could not open the bathroom door without removing the bath mat. We arrived late and were directed to the &quot;foyer&quot; for ridiculously expensive ham and cheese sandwiches. Beware of the foyer bar if there is any music playing, as they have a cover charge! Even if you are a guest! We did ask to be moved to a larger room. This was much better. Basically, I expected better service from the hotel and less &quot;nickel and diming.&quot; There was a charge for everything. The concierge was of no assistance unless you wanted to eat in NY restaurants or $$$$ restaurants, they could not recommend local pubs or the like or places to watch a football (soccer) game. Unless your business is paying, go somewhere else.	
Apr 9 2007 	Step Back in Time....	Claridges has been on my list of hotels to stay at for some time--and I was delighted to have the chance to do so before a sailing on the Queen Mary 2 this spring. The hotel has a superb location in Mayfair, close to the Bond Street Shops and also Oxford Street as well. Our room was very large with an oversized bathroom and lots of storage space in deep closets--ideal as we had 7 pieces of luggage for our upcoming crossing. The decor of our room was Art Deco and while it seemed that the room was a bit out of fashion--it was very comfortable. Service at the hotel was friendly and the Gordon Ramsay Restuarant served one of the best meals I have ever had in London. Room service was prompt and acurate and the hotel fitness center was very well equipt. For anyone looking for a traditional experience in London luxury--Claridges will live up to its sound reputation.	
Mar 24 2007	Seriously not worth the money!	We spent one night in Claridges some years ago and couldn't remember much about it so thought we'd give it another go. We must have forgotten why we didn't return sooner, but won't be making that mistake again.The overall experience was very disappointing. The room was dark, dingy and very tired, the toilet didn't flush fully and the bath water was green! The staff were bordering on unfriendly and definitely disdainful.We were charged £70 for a full veggie breakfast that could only be descibed as awful (burnt toast, uanppealing sausage and just plain tiny).To top it off we were informed that parking was £50 for the night (an horrendous amount anyway), upon check-out we were invoiced for £70 but queried it and had the extra £20 removed. We have now received a letter from Claridges (some 6 weeks since our stay) informing us that they have taken £20 from our card as a 'late charge'!To be honest we have yet to stay in a London hotel that ticks all the boxes, but this has to be the worst by far. For an overall cost of £700 for one night this has been one expensive learning experience! Having just returned from the Burj in Dubai and seeing how excellent a hotel can be we just wish that these hotels would make some effort.	
Feb 27 2007 	Beware of this hotel	I unfortunately had a very bad experience with the Claridige´s. After checking in to this 300 £ per night for a single room hotel they give you a tour to show the restaurants. Despite the fact that you have a dinner appointment and do not have the time you are still expected to take the tour. Once in my room it was full of cigarette smoke with three air purifiers running, an open window and the airconditioner running at full speed. The front office manager later explained that they allow all guests to smoke in the rooms and try to clean it afterwards. However it is not a very nice thing to come to a room full of cigarette smoke. The room is ok, but the airconditioner is very noisy. The funny thing is that they heat up the room using radiators, so much that an airconditioner is needed to cool it down. Breakfast is 30 £ and is ok, but with a very slow service. You do not sign the bill, which in my case made another person being charged which took staff more 20 minutes to sort out. After leaving the hotel i was charged 62 £ for the minibar, despite not even having opened it (most likely from a party before). This also took me a lot of time to sort out. I have travelled quite a lot and unfortunately this has been my worst experience even compared to most 3 star hotels. Stay out.	
Feb 25 2007 	Just once stay here!	If you need to stay anywhere in London please stay at Claridges.I arranged for my girlfriend (now fiance) to be picked up from Heathrow and driven straight there where upon I proposed on the balcony over looking the foyer. The Art Deco room was fantastic and so authentic. The staff could not have been more helpful and attentive without getting under your feet. I could not have wished to have been treated any better.It is a little on the expensive side but totally worth it.	
Feb 8 2007 	The best!!!	Okay it is expensive but hey what a great hotel and worth every cent for that special occasion!! As a special treat our family of five took advantage of the hotel's pre Christmas offer of two rooms for the price of one. When we arrived we were upgraded to a suite of rooms - two large bedrooms and a large siiting/lounge/dining room. At first we felt a little embarrassed about it all but we quickly got into the mood and made the most of it. All the rooms were spotless as were the wonderful bathrooms. The bathrooms were the size of some bedrooms we have stayed in in other European hotels. The general decor is olde world and that is the way it should be!! We loved it.The location is great and all the staff were excellent. One of my shirts disappeared from the room (probably picked up by the cleaning staff by mistake with the dirty linen) and the hotel had no hesitaion in reimbursing me the cost. We only had two minor problems with the hotel:1- The bar is to small and full of cigarette smoke. It was impossible to stay in there and we left straightaway. I was assured by the manager that it will be non smoking some time this year when new laws come in.2- The cost of the high tea was HIGH!! We tried it for the experience and enjoyed it. Having three hungry children was no problem and we were given extra sandwiches/cakes. The Marco Polo jam and tea was fantastic.The waitresse's were great and very friendly.It was a holiday experience our family will remember for a while and the wife and I cannot wait to get back (without the kids).	
Dec 11 2006 	Superb - but not perfect	The hotel creates an excellent first impression, the door staff and porters are friendly and could not be more helpful. Luggage is taken from your car and arrives in your room quickly and with a minimum of fuss. The room was excellent, spacious, comfortable and well appointed. I have read criticism on this site that the rooms and corridors are dated! This misses the point. The charm of the hotel is that it is a reminder of a more elegant age. Certain things have developed the patina of age but are no worse for that. if you want a modern up to the minute hotel then don't go to Clariges. If you want to see old fashioned style, courtesy and luxury the this is the place.It is often difficult to get a seat in either the Fumoir or the Bar because they are popular with non-residents and this can be annoying, staff do their best to accomodate where they can.I ate at Gordon Ramsay and was not impressed, not by the cold, solid and rather tasteless block masquerading as foie gras, nor by the impossibly pompous waiter explaining how i should eat cheese - at £370 for two i will eat it how i like!For a great meal at a (slightly) more reasonable price try the reading room - i prefered it to Ramsay but that may just be presonal taste.I would advise anyone to go, try it and try not to think about the bill - a superb hotel all round	
Nov 19 2006	The Quality Option	You have to pay through the nose for a stay here but whether you're minted or have a few squids spare, this has to be the London choice. Quality service from word go and quality food. You may need a bit of pre-planning though to get a table at Ramsay's although they pretty much always have a last-minute spare table. Contact the hotel directly and ask for a deal - you may be pleasantly surprised.........Quality	
Nov 18 2006 	Made me smile all day long	Loved it!!! From the minute we walked in, to when we saw our room, a Superior King with huge bedroom, huge bathroom with a 6ft+ long bath, separate dressing room, art deco surroundings, sumptious towels everywhere, wonderful bathrobes... ooo could I have taken these home? It put a huge smile on our faces. Evening dinner at Gordon Ramsey's was superb. I checked out all the reviews on Tripadvisor of several London hotels before booking and plumped for Claridges as I wanted dinner at GR's. My advice; book it, you won't regret it. We loved it &amp; can't wait to go back. Be informed, hotel price didn't include VAT or service chg, valet parking was simple, friendly &amp; convenient but £50pn, congestion chg kicks in at 6.30, internet is £20 pd. Maids are amazing, tidied our room even when we were at dinner &amp; folded, put everything away for us... we were in a mad dash. And check-in staff are excellent. Summary:- faultless, wonderful, want to live at Claridges!	
Nov 9 2006 	Good but not the best	Claridge's is ranked alongside any other London 5-star hotel you care to name, but is it really up there with the best ?On arriving at 2.45 pm our room was not going to be ready for an hour. On pointing out that we were booked for afternoon tea at 3.30 and wanted to change, we were offered a free upgrade and a 15 minute wait, which we accepted. There are not really enough seats in the smallish foyer for such a wait.The doormen and concierge staff were excellent.The room and bathroom were excellent, but the walls to adjoining rooms were paper thin and we were woken at 6.30am by next door running a shower.Tea in the Reading Room was flawess.On returning from a show we thought we would have a late drink. Claridge's bar is small, crowded, noisy, very dark and above all smokey. We walked in and straight out again -- nobody welcomed us or approached us. Awful bar. So we sat in the foyer lounge for 7/8 minutes hoping to be served with a drink, but although a few staff were buzzing about with trays nobody came to serve us so we gave up.Room service breakfast was expensive but excellent.Checking out was okay but the computer was down and they could not provide a copy of the bill (it will be sent on).Altogether a nice stay in a genuine 5 star hotel. But service is a bit patchy, and not always particularly friendly. In our view, both the Savoy and the Dorchester have the edge on Claridges.	
Oct 26 2006 	An amazing experience	We stayed at Claridges for the first night of our honeymoon on a Claridges &quot;Honeymoon Package&quot;.From the first moment we arrived at the hotel we experienced fantastic service. Our bags were taken from us as we got out of the cab and taken directly to our room whilst we checked in. The check-in was very relaxed and we were given an upgrade as we were celebrating our honeymoon which was a wonderful surprise (especially on a Saturday night). The gentleman who checked us in then took us to our room via a very comfortable trip in the lift on a sofa accompanied by an attendant.The room was very spacious and could be described as 'oldy worldy'. It was explained to us that most of the famous people who stay at Claridges tend to say in the more traditional rooms rather than the art deco rooms, which I enquired about.The rooms are full of antique furniture, quirky ornaments and it certainly feels very lived in. It almost like staying in someones house, with trophies in the cabinets and crests on the wall!As we had booked the honeymoon package, we arrived to a beautiful arrangement of red roses, delicious chocolates, fresh fruit and chilled champagne. We were also given two very fluffy and comfortable Claridges robes to take home. (As we were on our way to Mauritius they travelled the 12,000 mile round trip with us!)We had booked dinner in Gordon Ramsays restaurant and had a drink in the small bar before eating. Here you will find a very relaxed and comfortable area to have a pre-dinner drink. Dinner was out of this world and was made all the more enjoyable by the appearance of Mr Ramsay himself in the restaurant. The service is second to none and it really made our night one to remember. After dinner we we were presented with a plate with the words 'Congratulations' written in chocolate and sorbet adorned with candles...a lovely touch.Breakfast is again an enjoyable experience, as you can take in the true splendor of the hotel entrance. It is conducted in a very traditionally english way...just as it should be!I would recommend Claridges to anyone for a special treat and we hope to visit again soon.	
Oct 18 2006	Just the best	I stayed in Claridge's at the end of September for 2 nights. It was a year since my last visit. I had forgotten just how magical it is. As soon as I arrived, everything was taken in charge. The staff are without parallel - friendly and efficient but in a completely understated way. The reception manager (who is really exceptional) made me feel like a long lost friend. I was upgraded to a stunning art deco suite. But you don't have to stay in a suite to savour the unique atmosphere. In my experience, all their rooms are stylish and quite individual. The food is delicious and the location is perfect. It's somewhere to which you'll want to return - again and again.	
Oct 17 2006 	Amazing Hotel the best location in London	Every year we go to London and stay at the Claridges. The beds are beautiful and the showers are spectacular. Seeing the same staff is welcoming. I always get the reservations I want before I arrive with the best theatre seats. My choice will always be this hotel. It is expensive but there is something very special about sitting in the bar sipping on a glass of champagne. The shopping in this are is amazing with Bond St and Regent within walking distance. There are alot of hotels but this one is very special.	
Oct 10 2006 	The best hotel in the world!	If you ever get the chance, please please please go to Claridges! We went recently for our silver wedding anniversary and from the moment we walked in, I thought I'd died and gone to heaven. We were upgraded to a beautiful one-bedroom suite, the best I've ever seen. This had a vast bedroom, huge sitting room, separate dressing room, massive marble bathroom and a second, separate loo. Every single member of staff was welcoming and made our stay so special, particularly Keith on reception. We were a bit nervous in advance that it might be snobby, and we were so obviously 'out-of-towners' there for a special occasion, but not a bit of it. I have never felt so pampered in my life. The reviews on here which say it is dated are just so wrong; it is old-fashioned, yes, but in the grand, luxurious type of way, but still modern enough to have flat screen TVs etc. Service is out of this world. We ate at Gordon Ramsay's, which, again, was superb, an experience in itself.If you ever get the chance to go, even just once, grab it with both hands, we had the best weekend of our lives!	
Oct 9 2006 	The most wonderful experience	We have stayed in 5 star hotels before, but Claridges beats them all. Our one-bedroomed suite was large and extremely comfortable, the service in all departments was fast and efficient, from check-in to departure. We were made to feel welcome and special. The atmosphere in the hotel is tranquil, very relaxing and not at all snobbish. A delightful experience from start to finish and one we hope to repeat in the near future.	
Sep 20 2006 	Best Scones and Jam I have tasted!	Review about afternoon tea only....Claridges was very nice. The décor was impressive with a black marble floor and a sweeping staircase on entrance. It was also good that the Foyer was directly ahead so no getting lost. The toilets were also good with a woman pouring water into the bowl and then handing you a towel. I went for my birthday - with a group of 6 ladies for 3pm on the 16th September. The only let down was that they said that the largest table that they have is for 6, so I couldn’t book a table of more than 6 online so ended up booking 2 tables, as they said they couldn’t split the group or guarantee tables near each other (even though I asked this several times). However, when I reached there they were very accommodating to transfer us to a larger table (which fitted 8) which I thought was very nice and cancelled my 2nd table. The sandwiches were finger sized and you could ask for as much as you wanted. There was enough of a variety to satisfy each person. The desserts are delicious - the scones arrived warm and the jam was out of this world! You can choose from a selection of 14 different teas. We asked for seconds! It is amazing that you can get full on tea and cakes. Everyone enjoyed themselves and had a nice time which is what matters! I would definitely come back - but only if someone else was paying!Claridges has just recently increased their prices from £28.50 to £30.50 plus 10% service charge after 3pm. I would say that the service charge should be waived at all times since the cost of the tea is as expensive as it is.	
Sep 11 2006 	Disappointing	First impression was good: uniformed doormen, splendid ground floor (Foyer, Reading Room, Gordon Ramsay, bars).The hallways and the bedroom (Deluxe, facing the ugly courtyard) were very dated, and things like superior towels and bathrobes cannot make up for that. Breakfast was basic and poor value for money.The spa is adequate (good fitness machines, no saunas) but, again, in a dated decor.The level of service was good but nothing special and not particularly welcoming.My overall impression is that the hotel is resting on its reputation and can get away with high prices for this reason. I recently read that the Connaught and the Savoy will close for major renovations. Perhaps Claridge's should consider doing the same to bring the building up to five stars.	
Aug 24 2006 	Wonderful Hotel!	We stayed at Claridges July 23 through July 26. When we got there they upgraded us to a junior suite! What a surprise and what a treat! The room was huge (see pictures)! The service was fine. We only asked for help with the downstairs internet (it's cheaper in your room and way cheaper elsewhere). There was a bowl of fruit in our room which they resupplied at least once during our stay. The tea was wonderful and they gave you seconds (unlike the Palace Hotel Tea in S.F.). We did not go to the bar because of time and we did not go to the restaurants other than for tea. Beware of the bathtub filling up fast. It can overflow! Whoops. Some smoke came into our non-smoking room on the last night. Don't know where it came from as we had the windows closed. We should have mentioned it to the desk for future visitors but we were running late. This hotel was a wonderful start to our 25 day Europe trip.	
Aug 18 2006	Update on review dated 6 Aug 2006	As an update to the review that I wrote on 6 August 2006 (titled &quot;Appalling customer service&quot;) I have written to Claridges to complain, and have now received sincere apologies. The Manager of Claridges has asked my parents to return to Claridges in order to allow him to make amends.I feel that my complaints have been taken very seriously and that the management will endeavour to ensure that our experiences are not repeated. Clearly the reputation of the hotel is very important to them.	
Aug 16 2006 	One of my Favorites	This is one of my favorite hotels in the world. I stay here whenever I am in London. Service, standards of upkeep, rooms are what I compare everyone else too. Yes, the Ritz down the street is wonderful. And the George V in Paris is another great hotel...but Claridges is Claridges. Breakfast, tea, cocktails, the Clardidges Bar and Macanudo Bar and dinner are all wondeful experiences. The sister hotels (Connaught and Savoy) are great also, but the rooms are too small or the hotel is too busy, like the Ritz.If you can afford it, stay here at least once.	
Jul 29 2006 	When I die I want to go to Claridge's!	WOW! where to start?I booked my room through the Claridge's website, and when I arrived I was upgraded to a one bedroom suite! It was enormous--this was the best birthday present I could have asked for.The staff are so pleasant and well trained. The food downstairs in the bar is delicious and the room service was excellent. I also got to see Elvis Costello and Diana Krall walking around, and also some news anchor man from CNN was cracking jokes with me inside the elevator. Amazing experience!	
Jun 19 2006	lovely stay	such a beautiful hotel! the location is perfect... within walking distance of oxford st. but not amidst all of its chaos. the service was great, although they were quite overwhelmed when i stayed there... nevertheless they were all very friendly. there was however one exception... their concierge! he was rude, condescending, and seemed reluctant to even TRY to accomodate me. was very disappointed with that, especially at such a fine establishment.their reservations staff, however, was very accomodating during the process and fulfilled my requests graciously.housekeeping was impeccable and friendly.my suite was lovely, incredibly spacious, and well kept, although the televisions could have been improved upon (hardly any channels and most of them were fuzzy).room service was delicious though... definitely worth a try if you can afford it,.and ABSOLUTELY go to afternoon tea! the service was absolutely flawless and the food was amazing... the salon was gorgeous and a real treat after an exhausting day of shopping!	
Mar 8 2006 	Absolutely Wonderful	Just got back from a 4 night stay at Claridges. We loved this hotel - absolutely beautiful and impeccable service. The staff cannot do enough for you. We will definitely be back!!!	
Feb 13 2006	Unsurpassable Service	My wife and I spent a night at Claridges to celebrate our wedding anniversary and had lunch in the Gordon Ramseys restaurant there - wonderful. We loved the friendleness of the staff, and the service was second to none. We had a beautiful superior king room which was very spacious and quiet, with a large bathroom, the deepest bath we have ever had, and a shower rose the size of a dinner plate! Well worth every penny.	
Jan 26 2006	Lovely Hotel!	What a lovely hotel! Our room was just as pictured on website. It was extremely clean, had a fabulous bathroom and was very roomy. Champagne and a fruit plate were waiting in our room upon arrival and the fruit plate was replenished on day 3. Not sure if this is standard or what. Service was friendly, although be prepared to spend your money; London is not inexpensive! We found a delicious cafe around the corner (turn right when exiting hotel, take first alley on right) and ate breakfast there instead of in the hotel. Bar is great atmosphere, restaurant very good. (Didn't try Gordon Ramsey's as I did not prefer the menu.) Very close to Bond St. shopping as well as Bond St. tube.	
Jan 21 2006	Nearly Perfect	Claridge's Hotel is one of my favorite hotels in the world. Walking into the wonderful lobby is like walking into a Fred Astaire film---black and white marble tiles, sweeping staircase, a giant fireplace always lit. The location of the hotel is wonderful and you are a short walk away from the best museums and great stores. The staff are almost always friendly and efficient. If you want to go to the theater, they will find the tickets. The rooms here are hit or miss. Don't be shy about asking to see another room upon check-in. The Victorian style suites have aged much better than the art deco ones, which often seem raffish and even cheap.	
Jan 8 2006	Lustrous splendour in Mayfair	To describe this hotel in terms of its features and amenities doesn’t capture the experience of staying there. It’s a bit like staying in a movie that is swirling all around you. The public areas are a combination of Art Deco and Georgian country house that work beautifully. Have a drink and watch the procession of the great and good into and out of Gordon Ramsay, a drop dead gorgeous room. The bar is a Deco gem and remarkably popular with pretty people after work. Walk out of the hotel in the evening and look at the line up of Bentleys and Rolls Royces in attendance at a function in one of the ballrooms.Have a seat on the sofa in the elevator while the attendant whisks you to your floor. Or, ascend that famous staircase to what seems like another world. The swirl of the public areas is left behind and suddenly the walls are the colour of light butter, and the hallways the width of an interstate. All is hushed and quiet. The room, the cheapest in the house, was exactly as it appeared on the hotel’s website about a year ago: first rate linens, a superbly comfortable mattress, surprisingly bright considering that it faced the courtyard, drapery that would be fitting in the most elegant home, and a desk and armoire that I wanted to spirit out of the hotel. The bathroom was approximately 100 square feet and was outfitted with what appeared to be an entire quarry of Carrera marble lit by no fewer than eight halogen spotlights. Floris soaps and toiletries were in sufficient sizes and quantities that could make great souvenirs. Closet space was generous and well lit.And the service! Silken, friendly and discreet, it was more akin to a private club than a hotel. Before you run to make a reservation, bear in mind that this property is not perfect. It wasn’t clear if the air conditioning in the room actually worked. In the two instances in which the silken service was less than silken it was abrupt bordering on rude. There was a discrepancy between the price of the room as reserved on tablethotels and the record that the hotel received. Luggage was misplaced both on check-in and checkout. If that dissuades you from staying there, all the better, as it means there will be room for me on my next visit.	
Jan 4 2006 	About What I Expected - Above Avg. Beautiful lobby	Stayed at Claridges Dec. 11 - 16, 2006. Rooms (had to change rooms during stay because I extended stay 2 nights and my original room was not available the entire stay) were nice, a bit &quot;dated&quot; and great if you like the &quot;old stuffy grandma&quot; look. Personally, I prefer more modern type surroundings, but it worked and certainly is nothing to complain about. The shower rainhead is INCREDIBLE in the bathroom. King bed is the typical 2 European twins pushed together so the crack in the middle is a bit bothersome if you manage to fall into it constantly like I did. TV very small and the views in both rooms were into the center courtyard of the hotel so no street view...just the inner walls of the hotel. Had dinner in Gordon Ramseys....$400 for 2 with a bottle of wine. Would not do that again....classy but overrated. Food in the lobby restaurant just as good. The lobby itself and general public areas were SPOTLESS and just absolutely beautiful. The chandelier in the restaurant is stunning and unique. So, overall no complaints but next time would try something more &quot;modern&quot; (Four Seasons/Sanderson, etc.)..after 5 nights at Claridges I felt old and ready to checkout to get back to some excitement, and I am 44....so younger people would definitely not be too thrilled. Oh, VERY expensive....so, be prepared.	
Dec 4 2005	A grand dame of London	Just got back from Thanksgiving in London, travelling with my wife and 3 year old. While the exchange rate is lousy, Claridge's certainly isn't!Truly a fabulous old-school hotel. From the furnishings to an actual elevator operator, it was like a blast from the past. (In fact, the whole experience reminded me of the St. Regis in NYC)Our room was outstanding. We had booked a deluxe king, but when we showed up with our son, they gave us a &quot;family accomidation&quot; at no extra cost. This gave our son his own separate bedroom, which was great. The bathrooms are very traditional - upscale from the 1940's...Fabulous.Service was outstanding, no complaints.Breakfast and tea were superb. We were pleasantly surprised to find the most of our meals in London were excellent. In fact, the only one we didn't like a much was Gordon Ramsey's (in the hotel).The service and presentation were good, we just didn't care for the actual food. We also didn't appreciate the 38 (?) pound seating charge for the 3 year old. All he had was an appetizer, and they still charged him the difference...It didn't mention this on the menu, but we dealt with it.Beyond the call of duty: My wife left the passports locked in the room safe, and Claridge's put them in a Taxi and sent them to the airport for us.We will stay there again.	
Nov 6 2005	Super service	We just had dinner last night. We were extremely late and arrived after last orders due to no cabs in the West End for half an hour. The staff made no fuss at all and gave us a tremendous meal, even unexpectedly bringing a birthday cake and singing happy birthday upon finding out what our occasion was about. The photos of Winston and the Queen in the foyer sum the place up.	
Oct 18 2005	Not a great start GREAT finish	Arrived 4:30PM for room. Booked a superior room. My information says room to be ready by 4.Room not ready. Would we like to go out on the town, take a walk, wait? Wait is fine.My very tired bride, very tired. Find a small sofa, order a glass of champagne, and wait. And wait. Wife, a sleep. Another glass, then another. Checked on by staff. We are trying our best with your room. My response, &quot;My wife (still hard to say that as we are just now husband and wife) looks fine. Please, take your time, we will be here when you are ready for us.&quot; (I can hear upset and angry words coming from check in area from multiple people. Some one is coming unhinged, some one else is losing their grip.)Checked on again, wife still asleep. &quot;In a few moments.&quot; He says. &quot;It sounds as if you have a lot on your hands, please take your time. We are fine.&quot; I say. My wifes head on my lap. Sound asleep. I'm very close to doing the same. It has been a great, but long day. Ponder asking for the manager, but that feeling passes. What good would that do? Finally after 2 or 3 hours, or was it 3 or 4 drinks, the same gentleman asks if I would like to wake my wife and go to our rooms. Rooms??Well to say my bride had tears in her eyes at the site of the room would be true. To say that I did, would be close. It was an apartment. Private interior hallways, a bedroom to die for, and the bathroom is still etched in memory. A sitting room, oh how marvelous. I could not wait for room service.The fine staff had had a challenging issue with the &quot;Marquis&quot; and his retinue. He stated that our upgrade was only fitting to our patience with his staff.Five nights. Perfect in everyway. Tip: Be kind. Dress nicely. Drink Champagne in the hotel lobby. Never ever come unhinged, or lose your grip.	
Sep 7 2005	Excellent hotel wonderful location	My husband and I recently stayed at Claridge's for 5 nights. We loved the hotel. We were upgraded to a suite and it was a nice size and well appointed. The service was excellent, until our departure. We booked our room on-line at a great rate which we confirmed via email with the hotel prior to our arrival and again at check-in. However, upon our departure, the hotel attempted to charge us a higher rate than our confirmed rate, and treated us as though they were doing us a favor to honor the confirmed rate. In fact, until I produced the print-out of my confirmation, they refused to honor the rate. They did eventually agree that we were correct about the rate but the experience tainted an otherwise wonderful stay at Claridge's. If you book on-line, make sure that you print out your confirmation and take it with you.	
Aug 14 2005	Anything you like sir?!	FABULOUS. This is the very best 5 star hotel ever. I cannot fault anything. From arriving to leaving. The art deco building is beautiful. Staff are wonderful. Nothing is too much trouble. Perfection at its best.	
Jul 27 2005	Total Perfection	We stayed at Claridge's for five nights in July and at least once a day commented on how perfect everything was. The art deco design and decor of the building itself is stunning and in no ways stuffy or old fashioned. The service from the moment you pull up to the hotel is flawless (and once a doorman, or any member of staff, knows your name, they never forget it).This was our second stay and this time our room did not face the street. I asked if it was possible to get a room facing the street and we were immediately whisked to a street-facing room that was perfect - spacious bath with huge rain showerhead and extra-long tub, large, comfy bed with pristine linens, lots of closet space and an overall welcoming feeling.The food was incredible whether breakfast from room service or lunch in the bar (the 'fish fingers and chips' is beautifully presented, long pieces of salmon and white fish in an airy tempura batter served with traditional 'chips'). Gordon Ramsay at Claridge's takes dining to a whole new level - flawless, unobtrusive servers that are knowledgeable, friendly and helpful. While the food is superb and formal, the atmosphere is lively, fun and comfortable - a perfect combination.The bar is always busy and fun - great for people watching. The concierge service is excellent - we secured front row tickets for 'As You Like It' a few hours before the performance and third row centre for 'The Home Place' with a day's notice. The location can't be beat for shopping and getting around.Claridge's lives up to its incredible reputation as one of the most magical hotels in the world and we are already looking forward to our next visit.	
Jul 11 2005	Pure Opulence	Not often can you use the term perfect but in this case no other word will do. Claridges makes you feel that you are the only person staying in the hotel and treats you with the respect and loyalty regardless of who you are and where you have come from but manages makes you leave feeling that you really are special.I often felt quite guilty that I should not have been so pampered and looked after but then it's not the sort of experience you would want or receive everyday so I thought lets just enjoy, relax and appreciate the grandness and opulence that Claridges delivers on all levels.It is very easy to get caught up in the history and the elegance of what I believe is the 1920's art deco ambience, I could easily imagine all the famous faces that have graced Claridges through the years walking through the wonderful swing doors. The aristocracy unwinding in the smoking room, the wild but sophisticated parties in the Claridges Bar and the grand entrances made by the rich and famous allow you to be totally in awe of this hotel.We were lucky enough to reserve a table in Mr Ramsey's, which finished our stay off in spectacular fashion. Again the service was impeccable and the food was to die for, although we did not sit down until 9.15pm, the complimentary champagne started us off a treat, maybe a bit too well.I have to say although perfection does come with a price tag, the staff were still genuine in their eagerness to satisfy every need, which was exceeded everytime.	
Jul 9 2005 	Overrated by a long shot	I had a 12-night business stay booked at Claridge's and I checked out after the first night and moved to another hotel. I wouldn't say there is anything especially wrong with the room I had, but it was very small, very cold, and filled with rickety old furniture which wobbled every time I touched anything. Sure, it may have been authentic 19th century blah-blah-blah pieces, but frankly if you're trying to work and the table wobbles every time you touch it, what's the point?Other than the furniture I found the room a bit dingy, and the other furnishings (drapes, wallpaper, bedding) were not what I would expect of a 5-star hotel. I got the distinct feeling that Claridge's is resting on its laurels as a grand hotel of days gone by. On the plus side, I did have the very eerie sense that at any minute the two little girls on tricycles from The Shining were going to ride around the corner at any minute! It's a bit old and creepy in that way, which personally I liked. I just didn't like the small poorly appointed room.I have been told by colleagues that there are distinct areas of the hotel (perhaps floors or wings?) which are much nicer than others. For whatever reason despite an booked stay of almost two weeks they put me in a very dumpy room. Thank goodness The Berkeley had space for me!Also the area is decidedly dead on weekends and evenings. It's quite near New Bond Street so there is plenty of good shopping during business hours, but after hours it's a bit desolate. A stay closer to Park Lane and Picadilly or in Knighstbridge might be more fun for leisure travellers.	
Jun 25 2005	Superb	I stayed at this wonderful hotel for three nights in May. It was pricey but worth it. The deluxe bedroom was furnished in an art deco style with just a trace of faded grandeur. The bathroom was excellent with a great shower and deep bath. The communal areas are great and a late night cigar and brandy in the Macanudo fumoir was a perfect end to a good evening.	
Jun 6 2005	Juist a fe slips but good all the same	We stayed one night in a Deluxe room as a birthday treat. The main reason for syating a the hotel was the desire to dine at Gordon Ramsays at Claridges and despite atempting to book the table 7 weeks in advance, the only dining time offered to us was 1045 PM. I suggested that this was too late and had been looking forward to the experience at dining there and staying at the hotel. The person taking the reastaurant booking then said that as a resident, I could be offered my chosen time (7.30pm). !!!!Rooms was spacious and had beautiful old world art deco fittings even if the bed spread colouring clashed with the other decor and looked rather chintzy. Generally service was good.Let downs wereCalled for trouser press valet but this did not arriveNo trouser press in roomIn room brochure referred to steam room in the spa but this did not exist when I went up there for a freshen up.All told the offering for what you pay is appropriate and we did feel well looked after. However, some slippage results in a 4 out of 5 mark	
Apr 27 2005	My Home away from Home in London	Always consistent, not stuffy, yet perfect. Lovely rooms with to die for bath and shower. Friendly staff that always remeber the smallest details. Not stuffy, i've walked through the lobby in work out clothes after a run and had a welcome as if I was Prince Charles. The bar is great as is the food. No better in London!	
Mar 19 2005	art deco gem	I stayed at Claridge's for my 50th birthday in 2003. I had high expectations which were NOT disappointed. It was the thrill of a lifetime. The staff was courteous and attentive and more to the point unobtrusive. The Savoy group had either maintained or brought the rooms back to their art deco splendour. And the shower was to die for. Worth every penny and then some. Raves all round.	
Nov 7 2004	You say tamato I say tomato	I always find it unusual when i read such differing views on hotels like this. Having said such, I have myself stayed at 5 star hotels that have had rave reviews on this site and I just didnt get it.howevr on this occasion I have just returned from a three night stay at Claridges and found it to be superb. I thought that they had got the balance just right. The staff were neither snobby or groveling, but were straigt there to deal polietly with any request. The room was quiet, large and well kitted. I really have no fault at all.	
Oct 25 2004	Afternoon tea	I had afternoon tea at Claridges on Saturday with friends. After reading the reviews here I was not sure if it would live up to expectations but it totally surpassed them. The food was excellent, delicious sandwiches that were replenished when we scoffed them! Then freshly baked scones with jam and clotted cream and the prettiest cakes you have ever seen, all presented on a silver cake stand. The selection of tea was amazing and the waiter was happy to advise when it was all a bit much for us! The amount of food surprised me too. It was very generous and we were unable to finish everything given to us. The service was superb, very attentive yet very relaxing. The whole experience was surprisingly laid back - I was a little nervous as I am not used to such posh places and the whole thing is designed to put you at your ease - no snobbery at all! Unlike another reviewer I was happy with the relaxed dress code. Although I saw no one wearing jeans everyone was fairly casually dressed and in my opinion this added to the relaxed atmosphere. I'd thoroughly recommend this to anyone wanting a bit of affordable luxury in London. I found it to be excellent value for money (£35 for tea with champagne).	
Oct 13 2004	Treated like royalty ONLY if you are royalty		
Sep 17 2004	Service with a Smile		
Aug 30 2004	Outstanding Service at Claridge's		
Aug 1 2004	Wonderful		
Apr 19 2004	Afternoon tea...wonderful delightful		
Nov 21 2003	Afternoon tea		
Nov 11 2003	How the mighty have fallen		
Oct 16 2003	Wonderful		
Sep 3 2003	Claridges - an English tradition		
May 5 2003	Grand London Hotel		
Oct 22 2009 	Semplicemente il migliore!		
Aug 12 2009 	???????????		
Apr 12 2009 	demasiado lujoso		
Feb 5 2009	??????		
Jan 16 2009 	Delusione Quasi Totale		
Sep 9 2008 	????????????????		
