Nov 22 2009 	Great hotel fantastic location if you can do without concierge service	Location couldn't be better - 5 minutes walk from the Heathrow Express at Paddington. Excellent room (executive), spotlessly clean bathroom. My only gripe is the front desk service which not trained to provide real concierge service. Other than that would definitely recommend it and come back again.	
Nov 19 2009 	Nice hotel	The Royal Park is a lovely little hotel, very clean and attractively decorated plus it's conveniently located for Paddington, the Central Line &amp; Hyde Park. There is parking right outside if you should need it. There is a lift, a beautiful lounge to sit and have a coffee in and a little garden which we didn't explore as it was raining non-stop! The executive room was a reasonable size and as requested, on the top floor. This meant we didn't hear any of the noise from people walking about above us as mentioned in other reviews. The room had a little wear and tear but was very clean, especially the bathroom. It was very hot even in November (despite sleeping with the window open &amp; turning the heating off) but quiet, with an interesting view across rooftops to Paddington station. The breakfast was good, a tad expensive but then this is London. The staff were very friendly and I could see there was a strong emphasis on customer service. We had a few things break down on us but they went out of their way to assist although we did have to chase up a couple of small things more than once. However all in all it was a great stay and we would definitely book the hotel again.	
Nov 13 2009 	Very relaxing	We stayed at Royal Park Hotel for a couple of nights, after spending a week on a boat along the river Thames, so we were really tired thus worried about the quality of the room. Our staying there was really relaxing. A very nice place, good service, clean and quiet . Our room was (601) perfect for us. Confortable king size-bed, extra bed for the kid, TV and all the conforts we could desire. Moreover, the hotel is very close to Paddington underground (&amp; rail) station, almost 5 minutes walking distance. In 10-15 minutes you can reach Marble Arch &amp; Oxford street walking through Hyde Park. Good price for a real 4 stars hotel. I you ask me: &quot;would you book again this hotel&quot; I can say: definitely yes.	
Nov 12 2009 	Great Hotel In All Ways	I stayed just one night at the hotel but it was definitely worthwhile. It's a fantastic hotel from top to bottom.Location: About a 3-minute walk from Paddington Station, just a couple of blocks down the street at Westbourne Terrace. There is a row out low-rise houses and the hotel is the very last one down the street. At Paddington, there is great access to Heathrow either via Heathrow Express or Heathrow Connect. Several lines also run throug the Tube there. There are plenty of restaurants, convenient stores and internet cafes between the station and the hotel.Reception: There are a couple of steps before to the reception of the hotel. Once inside, the staff was polite and helpful. Reception area itself isn't overly large but there is a sitting room just across. There are elevators in the hotel.Rooms: Nice rooms with good decors, large windows and a nice marbled bathroom. Linens, toiletries and even towels (very thick ones) are all first-rate. Room size is adequate as well even though I only stayed at a standard room. WiFi internet is complimentary once you obtain the code from the front desk. The room was very quiet and the room was clean.Food: I did not eat breakfast there as it's relatively expensive compared to what you can get on the street. I ate a full English breakfast with coffee and juice at a nearby cafe for 4.90.Service: Good and polite throughout. I had to send a box via Fedex and the hotel was able to make the call to Fedex for pickup without a problem. Luggage storage was handled professionally.Value: I paid GBP129 + tax booking directly on the internet. It's quite a good deal for such a central location in London on a weekday.Overall, there is simply nothing to fault about the hotel. It's much better than staying at Hilton Paddington which has a zoo-like lobby and uneven service. The hotel works well as a sightseeing base with its many transport options and easy access to internet cafes nearby. Couples should also find this hotel to their liking.	
Nov 5 2009 	Fabulous find in the city	An absolutely beautiful hotel right beside Hyde Park. Location fantastic - close to Lancaster Gate tube. Hotel is immaculately clean and staff is very willing to accommodate and please. They anticipated most of our needs and were extremely friendly.The rooms were very nicely decorated and - well done without being too much. Bathrooms were well maintained and very clean.	
Oct 29 2009 	What A Great Hotel	My husband and I stayed here for six days in October. What a great little hotel, and the staff could not have been nicer. The hotel is a couple of blocks from Paddington Rail and Tube. The rooms are small but very nicely appointed. Only drawback is no coffee/tea kettle in the room. Plenty of restaurants in the area. Looking forward to returning.	
Oct 29 2009 	Excellent hotel they aim to please	We stayed for 6 nights. We have stayed yearly for about the last 6 years. Although the staff changes, the service doesn't. Even when there were a few glitches, they will go overboard to try to correct the situation. We had a room noise problem and they switched rooms after offering me many options, then helped me move just about effortlessly! Courteous without attitude. The location isn't the poshest in London but really convenient with both Paddington and Lancaster Gate stations within easy walking distance. We felt safe but be aware in any city. We really like this quiet,friendly hotel. I might add that housekeeping is super!	
Oct 27 2009 	Friendly Service great rooms	This is our second time at the Royal Park and the staff are just as helpful and efficient as last year. The rooms are well-equipped with all the &quot;toys&quot; and are very comfortable. The only issue was a faulty extractor in the bathroom but that's a minor quibble compared to the quality of the rest of our experience.There's no restaurant but there is a room service menu. However, we found some great cafes and restaurants in the area for breakfast and snacks.	
Oct 14 2009 	Exceeded our expectations	My wife and I stayed at this lovely hotel for a total of two weeks, separated by a week in Paris.We stayed at the 'Royal Park' in 2004 just after it opened. It was very enjoyable, so we came back. Upon arrival we were greeted by very pleasant and welcoming staff. They treated us better than we could have hoped for. That includes a wonderful room, assistance with restaurant and other bookings. We had the pleasure of meeting their manager, Gareth Rowlings. He was outstanding in his attitude and desire to make our stay as enjoyable as possible. His staff have definitely taken a que from his management style, as it shows in all interactions with their clients. A special 'thank you' to Gareth, Che, Marleen and Katie. They were outstanding and went above and beyond our expectations. We will be back!	
Oct 7 2009 	Perfect Stay Excellent and Friendly Staff	We stayed at the Royal Park Hotel as part of a business tripWe had a great stay, friendly staff particularly Katie on Reception she was so helpful and friendly The room we had was clean and well appointed. Breakfast was delicious and came on time. Excellent value for money	
Oct 6 2009 	Great Hotel ... Great location	My partner organised for us to stay at the Royal Park for my birthday celebrations. I was pleasantly surprised by how easy it was to find in relation to Paddington Station. Upon arrival we were greeted warmly and was touched to receive a 'happy birthday' with complimentary beverages. Our suite was was very neat and the four poster bed was amazingly comfortable. All round the staff were friendly and the establishment is charming. I recommend staying at the Royal Park Hotel.	
Oct 6 2009 	What all hotels should be like...	We recently stayed at Royal Park for 2 nights and came away with a very good impression. We were upgraded from a normal double to suite for the same price - when does that ever happen?! The room was lovely and quiet. The bed was AMAZING, as was the shower. The staff were wonderful... very friendly and attentive. Unlike most staff I come across in hotels. And great location... very central and 5 mins walk from the tube stay. There's no reason at all why you shouldn't stay here.	
Oct 2 2009 	Excellent value 	My partner and I stayed at Royal Park Hotel for 2 nights in August 2009. The hotel is located in a quiet area close to Paddington Station. The staff was always warm and welcoming and the lobby was clean and well appointed. The room had all the conveniences; free internet access, safe, etc. Breakfast served in the room was a treat. We will definitely stay here again.	
Sep 25 2009 	Just wonderful!	I´ve travelled a lot and this is the first time I ever make a review on the hotels I´ve stayed at. I must say that it´s not a good idea to stay at this hotel if you are in london for a short time. The reasons are simple; the fantastic staff, the wonderful room and the great service makes you never want to leave the hotel =)Me and my wife have stayed at 5 star- hotels and have visited almost all of the worlds continents but nothing compares to this hotel! The serviceminded staff will make the most to make your stay enjoyable and they KNOW LONDON! That was important to me!Don´t know what else to say except that this was an experience we never will forget and I will most definitely stay there next time I´m in London.	
Sep 15 2009 	Nice Hotel - Good Location	We spend three nights at the Royal Park in September 2009. This was our second visit to London in a year and we were excited to try a new hotel. The Royal Park is conveniently located several minutes from the Paddington tube/train station which made for a very easy arrival on the Heathrow Express. The staff were incredibly helpful and accomodating. The rooms were nicely decorated and furnished. Breakfast was delivered to our room every morning (on time) with a local newspaper. The only negative aspect of our stay was the &quot;squeaky&quot; floors above us which we heard when the guests in the room above us were walking around. My only suggestions would be that the the hotel add a coffee pot/maker to each room and provide a turn down service. Doing so would make it absolutely perfect. Still, the Royal Park was a great place to stay. We would certainly consider staying there again.	
Sep 12 2009 	Nice hotel a bit noisy	Pros:Large roomsCleanGreat decorationCons:Poor insulation / noisyExpensive	
Sep 7 2009 	superb hotel	we spent 2 nights in this hotel, it was in our opinion beautiful. it's only a 3 minute walk to paddington tube station which is really handy. i couldn't fault this hotel at all. as soon as we arrived we were greeted bery politely by the gitl at reception. throughout the entire stay the staff were very attentive and so kind. there is no restaurant at this hotel, breakfast is served in your room and you can pick a time for it to be brought to you. its a very substantial breakfast that kept us going for ages. we took a takeaway into the hotel one evening and they didn't seem to mind at all. the room was lovely, it had a flat screen tv and some nice furniture, the bathroom was lovely and the shower was great, as were the bath products. the room was big enough for us two, there was a hairdryer in the room and a minibar and safe. i would definately stay in this hotel again, we loved it and would highly recommend it.	
Aug 10 2009 	"the staff are what make this place special"	Having travelled all over europe for 6 weeks and coming to the end of the holiday. It was wonderful to be welcomed by the staff. had a very late checkin due to late plane and the concierge was wonderful found me a number of a chinese restaurant that did take away at 1 am. Organised cultery and crockery for me and set me up in a lovely dining room to eat. I couldn' t thank him enough. I was like they undertand what it's like to travel away from home. The rooms are not huge and breakfast is served in the room in the morning, so it's alittle squishy , but would still recommend this hotel highly.	
Aug 10 2009 	Walk to Paddington Station Lovely Room	For our last few days in London we wanted to be close to Paddington Station and the express train to Heathrow. The Royal Park was a pleasant surprise with a spacious, immaculate room, marble bath, flat screen TV, and lovely toiletries. Our room wasn't ready when we arrived and we spent a pleasant half hour on the small patio enjoying a beer,A bit taken aback when room 504 turned out to be down a half flight from the ground level, I was ready to protest that we were not about to stay in a basement but the room was bright and upgraded from the standard. Large comfortable king bed with lots of storage and every amenity made me reconsider my protest.The hotel does not have a restaurant but there are lots of interesting restaurants nearby. It's an easy walk to Hyde Park and only two short blocks from Paddington - an ideal base for shopping, the theatre, and our favourite last night out for dinner.	
Aug 1 2009 	Very charming hotel with a wonderful staff.. very proffesional	My family and I have stayed at teh Royal Park Hotel for 3 nights last week, and I normally dont write any review at all but the services I have recieved at this particular hotel, make me write something about David and Katie who deserve it as they have been working very hard to have all our requests ready for us. They do everything from you, from tickets, taxis, restaurants, flight tickets,.... absolutely everything. I would like to thank them so much for all. Will of course come back soon. Thank you very much	
Jul 30 2009 	Top class B	This hotel is perfectly located in Paddington and has reduced rates (for London) at about £150 a night. This is because it has neither a restaurant nor a bar. You can get room service breakfast but only breakfast. If you want a super lovely room and bathroom and are prepared to have dinner at one of the nearby resaurants then this is for you. When you arrive you are greeted with a non alcoholic welcome drink in a glass the size of thimble but it is some pulped juice of some description that is nevertheless very refreshing. Rooms are fairly small with traditional decor - heavy swags and tails curtains and rich colours. TV has many channels on offer and rooms have internet cable acces. Wifi available in the one small lounge on the ground floor. My only whine is that when you do have an accessing the internet problem it is not going to get sorted our quickly as they have a consultant who is part time so no rushing to your room to resolve the problem. Nevertheless I stay here whenever I need to in London and would recommend it for sure to those wanting the convenience of Paddington.	
Jul 15 2009 	Almost good	I agree this hotel almost gets it right. Problems, however, include air conditioning not working on top floor (also not working a month ago during an earlier stay), and cleanliness not 100%. This hotel chain must be the only hotels in the world where one cannot lock/bolt one's door from the inside (which in my case resulted in the chambermaid walking in on me in the bath!). Also, new rule states one has to stay more than one night - crazy policy which has lost them this regular customer.Reception staff try to be helpful but as none speak English well, problems are more difficult to sort out - not an issue which is exclusive to this hotel, I suspect. Good points well articulated by other posters here. Nice decor, comfortable beds etc.I really wanted to like this hotel, and have stayed here several times, but too many problems force me to look elsewhere - what a shame.	
Jul 9 2009 	Hotel almost gets it right but not quite.	The hotel is almost nice. &quot;Free internet&quot; means in the lobby and barely works, &quot;air conditioning&quot; means portable loud leaking unit. Both amenities are two big reasons why I choose the hotel, very disappointed. Complaints were overlooked until I complained three times. Loud, noisy bustling transport hub (Paddington station) so constant traffic and fumes. Extra bed unusable. Arranged for an extra room for three nights due to visitors, was overlooked and had to cram four people into a room for a night. When I got the extra room, it was almost nice except for a weird moldy looking substance around the edges of the carpet. Some of the staff seemed trained and helpful, others did not. There is a very derelict looking apartment complex next door, which makes the whole block seem seedy. Picked the location because of the need to use Paddington three times within the six days, but it is far away from most sights but if you like to walk, it's not too far to Kinghtsbridge (Harrods, etc) across the park.Regular beds were comfortable. Way too much money for the location and the lack of reliable internet and air con (it was 90 out), I don't know why people love this place. It's very ok, nothing better.	
Jul 8 2009	Wonderful Experience	In my many years of traveling I have never encountered a more pleasant or attentive hotel staff. The room was very clean and quite. The decor was upscale. The beds were very comfortable. The location was great. The prices were very reasonable. Add all of this up and you have a sure bet. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 5 2009 	How A Hotel Should Be	My wife and I stayed in one of the Park Hotel's entry-level rooms during a weekend break to London. It benefits from a great, central location, within easy walking distance of several tube stations. Being used to staying in large, chain hotels, this was a wonderful glimpse of what I imagine hotels used to be like a century ago. The service was sincerely friendly and about as far from the anonymous indifference I have come to expect from many of the large chains and franchises. Even though we stayed in a basic room, it was spacious, comfortable and decorated with bags of character; the bathroom in particular was gleaming. I had to struggle to think of negative points. With my arm firmly twisted behind my back, I'd mutter about the a/c being a little noisy and the breakfast being prohibitively expensive if you stayed room only, but none of this would stop me from staying here again - which I very much plan to do.	
Jul 3 2009 	Definitely a hotel worth considering	We needed a hotel convenient to Hyde Park so that we could walk to the Springsteen concert. We did better, being so close to both Lancaster Gate and Paddington tube stations it is convenient for all of Central London. Yes, the staff are excellent. Attentive, accomodating and courteous. Our room on the fourth floor was at the front of the hotel but traffic and other extraneous noises did not intrude. Apparently the a/c in our room was broken but the hotel provided a large stand alone unit which served the purpose without cluttering the room. As someone else mentioned, the bed was amazingly comfortable. Three wonderful pillows each too. The bathroom had probably the best shower I have ever had in a hotel anywhere and the bath towels were thick and sheet size. Our three teenage boys shared a room on the lower floor, two twins and an extra bed. There was more than enough room for everybody and we heard no complaints for the three night stay. I should add they were also very appreciative that the front desk lent them a laptop so they could update Facebook with the free wireless access in the lounge (its a chargeable cable connection in the rooms). No restaurant but a pricey breakfast served in the rooms may sound nice, but for a family of five this would have been very expensive. Two hundred yards around the corner there is a good selection of cafes serving English Breakfast for about £3, thats a £50 a day saving.Will we be back? Most probably. Its not a cheap hotel by any means but I think we got value for money.	
Jul 1 2009 	Excellent From Arrival to Departure	The staff at the Royal Park are as professional and friendly as any I have encountered. There was no request not met, and the hotel was comfortable, well-located, and quiet. There is a lovely garden in the back no one seem,s to know about, and you can have a glass of wine interrupted only by the unobtrusive service folks who are there when you need them. Bravo! Thomas Knight Martha;s Vineyard, USA	
Jun 22 2009 	Terrific Hotel	My wife and I met our daughter, who is studying in England, for a weekend in London recently. We had rooms 606 and 607 at the Royal Park Hotel which formed their own little wing on the main floor, rear side of the hotel. The rooms allowed us privacy from the other rooms, privacy from each other when desired and were clean, quiet and well appointed. Breakfast was served in the room and was a great way to start the day. Upon arrival, we walked the short block or two from Paddington Stn. to the hotel and on Sunday morning I walked the short block or two to Hyde Park to read the Sunday paper on a wonderfully sunny and warm day. The only suggestion comes from my wife and daughter and is to advise you to bring your own conditioner. Otherwise, a terrific hotel to which I would return.	
Jun 19 2009 	The most comfortable bed out of one month of hotels!	We only stayed one night because it was convenient for paddington and the heathrow express and it was the best night sleep we had in a month of hotels. Check in was efficient and the lobby area is very nice. We had a standard double which was on the small side but very nicely furnished and comfortable. It was only few mins walk to the station and there is plenty of amenities around the paddingtom area.The only surprise was that there was no restaurant for breakfast, it was all room service.Next time we go to london we may well stay there again.	
Jun 16 2009 	Nice but we won't be back	We went to London overnight to see the Jonas Brothers in concert with our 11 year old daughter. Flight was on time, Heathrow express to Paddington and then a 5 minute walk to the Royal Park Hotel. Check in was very efficient and friendly and the room seemed on first glance to be fine. The member of staff who showed us the room took the time to show us where everything was and how the air conditioning worked. She showed us the breakfast card and told us to order our breakfast before retiring that night. We were a little puzzled as to why there was no dining room and that the only option to having breakfast in our room was to have our tray carried out to the tiny courtyard garden. London mornings in June in a shaded area are not that inviting! We only stayed a couple of minutes before going to the concert so didn't take the time to view the room properly. We had a very comfortable looking double bed and a rollaway bed for our daughter. When we returned later that night we noticed that even though the room was well furnished and comfortable, it was very small and, with the addition of the rollaway bed, made getting in and out the bed on that side very difficult. The room was on the ground floor so the blinds have to remain closed for privacy and the view was only of the backs of other houses. The worst part of the room is the fact that the ceilings were not sound proofed and we could hear guests upstairs moving around until after mid-night! A terrible night's sleep was followed by a rude awakening at 5.35am by the guests upstairs (again) getting up and moving around for an hour! Our breakfast came as ordered at 7.45am. The milk for the cereals was missing and had to be ordered and delivered (within a couple of minutes). The croissants were cool and the toast was burned on one side. After the lack of sleep and having stubbed my toe twice on the rollaway bed, I was loathe to complain as I couldn't guarantee a rational mind! After a shower, which had poor pressure, we went to check out. We had booked the hotel with an internet booking agency and had paid in advance, so felt that our complaints would fall on deaf ears. How right we were! The receptionist greeted us cheerfully and asked us how we were. I told her that we didn't have a good night's sleep because of the noise and she said &quot;oh, I'm sorry to hear that, did you have anything from the mini bar&quot;!! Nothing else. Nada. Not a word of apology or an effort to address our complaints. Just, &quot;let me get the door for you&quot;, and we were ushered out. We won't be back. £215 for one night for a small room with a rollaway bed and continental breakfast and all the noise you can hear! Thanks but no thanks.	
Jun 15 2009 	Excellent choice near Paddington	We arrived during the tube strike and were lucky to be near the Heathrow Express stop at Paddington. This is a very nice hotel with a friendly, helpful staff. We had tea at midnight as it was 7PM our time and it was fantastic. A great place for an overnight in London before heading out of town!	
Jun 14 2009 	Friendly Elegant Hotel with a Great Location	We spent a week in May 2009 at this hotel. From the moment we arrived and throughout our stay, Jose and Katie and other members of the staff took excellent care of us. They provided suggestions for meals, tips for getting around London and generally met all of our needs. The hotel is extremely well located being an easy walk with luggage from Paddington Station and then for daily excursions to the Lancaster Gate Tube station. The rooms are very clean, a comfortable size and quiet. Breakfasts are extra but are delivered to your room. We will definitely return to this hotel on our next visit to London and will recommend it to others.	
Jun 7 2009 	Comfortable and elegant in a wonderful location - we'll be back!	We stayed at the Royal Park as the first stop on a three week trip. I knew the area from a previous visit, and knew I liked the neighborhood, but this was our first stay at the Royal Park. We checked in rather late - about 10:15 PM after a long flight from Canada - and were greeted warmly. 24 hour room service was much appreciated and the food was excellent. The room was a reasonable size and the bed was very comfortable. The bath was also a good size with an excellent shower. The hotel is a very short walk to Hyde Park and central London - but if you need the Tube, both Paddington and Lancaster Gate are within 2 blocks. Very easy access to the Heathrow Express. Breakfast is served in your room and is a delight. Everyone was very helpful and friendly. I highly recommend the Royal Park!	
May 29 2009 	Elegant hotel very close to Paddington Station	We spent our first few nights in London recently at the Royal Park Hotel. What a treat! The hotel is immaculately clean and the staff is extremely friendly and helpful, both on-line (i.e., if you are communicating via email when booking your stay) and in-person (i.e., at check-in, check-out, etc.). In our case, both Kamal and Katie were exceedingly polite and helpful. Our double room appeared to have been recently renovated, and was tastefully decorated, in addition to being spacious, clean and quiet. The luxury bath was exceedingly spacious and also appeared to be newly-renovated with limestone tiles, a double sink and towel warmer. The beds were HEAVENLY and quality of the sheets was superb. We were thrilled to have access to 24 hour room service. All in all, The Royal Park Hotel offered exceptional accomodations and a great value, that really got our first London experience off to the right start. Thank you so much!	
May 5 2009 	Elegant hotel in central location	Stayed in this elegant hotel located not far from Lancaster Gate tube station and Hyde Park. It was within easy reach by foot of Marble Arch/Oxford Street/Paddington Station. Check in was easy and the staff were very polite and helpful (especially Katie), the room was tastefully furnished and very well presented. The bathroom ,although small, was well equipped and the shower (over the bath) was excellent. For a change in a hotel there was a decent hair dryer, which actually blew out hot air . The bed was large and very comfortable. The room backed on to the rear of the building which overlooked a small courtyard, and as a result the room was very quiet at night. The public rooms were elegantly furnished, somehow it didn’t feel like we were staying in a hotel, more like a grand house. No breakfast was included in our stay, although we could have ordered continental breakfast at extra cost. Located not far from Queensway, Bayswater and Paddington there were plenty of local places to eat. We really enjoyed our stay here, hard to fault really.	
Apr 20 2009 	Disappointing Experience	I stayed at the Royal Park Hotel when my usual hotel couldn't fit me in at short notice. Rooms were overpriced. Check-in was polite and friendly. the room was clean but very dark and gloomy overall as it was based in the basement area. Bed was comfortable and bathroom was clean. A simple request for an ironing board and an iron took 3 calls to reception - when the girl from reception did arrive she was rude and short tempered. I asked could someone assist me in regulating the aircon in the room - no help arrived. Room service never arrived on the following morning. Unfortunately on check out only the rude receptionist from the previous evening was available and was disinterested unwilling to discuss my complaints. I am not unreasonable but this visit left a lot to be desired. Overall - never again unless I'm really stuck. Staff should visit the City Inn Hotel in Westminister to see how it's done	
Apr 15 2009 	Fantastic staff delicious food gorgeous room and one unbelievablely comfortable bed	I wouldn't normally write a review for a hotel, but the service of this place was truly exceptional and therefore deserves it. I wanted to share my experience with you, so that you can check it out for yourself if you are ever in need of a hotel in London.First up, I am a 26yr old Australian who was in London for a work conference. I decided I wanted to stay in London for a few extra days before I fly back to Oz and so they booked me into this hotel. I checked in pretty late and I guess it was a blessing in disguise as I was upgraded to a bigger and better room :) Rooms in London are always quite small so I wasn’t expecting much, but the size of this one was perfect. Great bathroom, (the pressure of the water was wonderful!) spacious living area (the room had two tvs, a couch and a dedicated eating area!), and separate bedroom. Surprisingly when I was there in March, we had some great weather so I spent quite a lot of my time relaxing in the sun on my HUGE balcony. The biggest drawcard to the room, (especially for those enjoy a good lie-in), was THE bed. This four-poster bed was like a work of art and had this amazing, intricate carvings and design. It looked like it cost a fortune, so it made me feel like a princess for the weekend. It seriously was the most comfortable bed I have ever slept on. Last but not least, I just wanted to mention the staff at this hotel, in particular a guy called Jose. (or something like that.. he's the one with the big lips!) He was AMAZING and was the key reason why my stay at this hotel was so memorable. I felt awful because he was doing so much (loved the fact he came up to deliver me my complimentary champagne!) and went out of his way to make my stay at this hotel as comfortable as possible. Hunt him down, because he's super friendly, great to talk to and oh so helpful. In fact tell him I sent you! :p So to conclude, yes, the hotel might be a little pricey for some, but it's so very worth it. Great location, top-notch service, well-equipped rooms - The Royal Park is a winner.	
Apr 15 2009 	Very comfortablegood all round with polite welcoming staff.	We stayed in a room with a four poster bed, which was very comfortable. I was able to turn down the heating easily and the bathroom had good facilities, except that I could not find a hair dryer. The service was good, alarm call and breakfast in our room on time. Drinks served downstairs were a little slower but the staff were very helpful.We were given a glass of champagne on arrival which was very welcome having had a horrendous journey by car from Cambridge. I would certainly reccomend the hotel.It is centrally situated and yet quiet, and they are good restuarantswithin walking distance.	
Apr 4 2009 	Royal Park Hotel London - Very beautiful stay	We stayed at Royal Park hotel for 4 nights. The hotel is very very close to Lancaster Gate tube station (red line) and Paddigton tube station (blue line). It is a victorian hotel, very classical hotel very beautiful furnitures at all places: Lobby, dining room, rooms etc. All rooms except from the room on the ground floor are very comfortable. Room on the ground floor are not so large but is bog enough to stay and compare to other rooms of other hotels. The hotel is very very clean in general, the room (our room was 609 - 1st floor, large classic room with no view to the main road but with a window to garden view) was very clean, confortable, large bed, small table with 2 arm chairs, very beautiful bathroom, everything was great. The stull also very kind and polite.I propose this hotel to anyone that want to stay to a decent, elegant and bit expensive hotel in London. Not for young people that want to make noise!!! It is a very chic hotel....and if i ever been in London again i would stay there again!!	
Mar 24 2009 	Very nice but some niggles	I spent one night in this hotel as my regular accommodation could not fit me in for an extra night at short notice. The hotel is well located for Paddington station, which made my journey from Heathrow fairly easy. The local area is handy for central London and Hyde Park, and is a quiet area, yet still has good transport links. On arrival the staff were very friendly and made conversation, whilst offering me a complimentary drink, before showing me to my room and highlighting were everything was within the room. The bed was very comfortable, and, as one other reviewer mentioned, there are a selection of pillows to choose from, which is great.The shower was very powerful, which is something I like, and there was no problem with the hot water supply. The food from room service and the breakfast was obviously freshly prepared, nicely presented and tasted great, and a complimentary newspaper was left outside my door in the morning which was a nice touch. The complimentary toiletries were also very nice and the minibar seemed pretty standard, although I didn't use it. There was a hairdryer provided and one thing which really stood out for me was the fact that the bath towels were those nice big bathseets rather than the tiny things you often get in hotels.Overall I had a nice and comfortable stay although there were a few niggles which disappointed me a little, and I'm sure could most of them could easily be sorted out.Firstly, the bathroom sink and the shower were a little slow to drain - not a major thing but probably worth checking. I have not stayed anywhere in recent times where there has been no free in-room wi-fi service available. Wi-fi is free in the lounge at the Royal Park, but for in-room internet access a cable is provided and a charge of £10 is made. This seemed a little odd to me and was also not made clear in any of the information I read in the hotel room or on the website. Personally i think this is a little cheeky, and very expensive - I'm assuming that the charge is per day as I was unable to access the internet when I woke up in the morning. I'm curious as to how this is justified.Secondly, I was surprised by the amount of noise from other rooms. As soon as I arrived I could hear someone talking - I think in the room above mine (sounded a bit like Charlie Brown's schoolteacher!). Very annoying, especially when in the morning the voice I could hear was louder than the tv in my room! There also seemed to be a lot of creaky floorboards in the room above, to the extent that I could tell when someone was walking across their room and I could probably have made a good guess as to where exactly there were standing. It also seemed, as others have pointed out, that there is noise that travels from other people's bathrooms, so you can hear if someone is having a shower or using the sink. I dread to think how embarrassing the noise problem might be if you close to the room of a couple having a lively romantic break(!). There also seemed to be some drilling or something happening in the morning, which was probably some kind of maintenance work. Also, when I opened my curtains in the morning there were some people repairing the roof of an adjacent building so I felt like I should keep my curtains closed. Not a major thing but worth looking out for.I know I have gone on a bit about these problems but really the only major issue is the noise between rooms, which I have never experienced to this degree before. The room I had was perfect in size for me, although if two people had been staying in it it might have been a little cramped. I also note people's comments about the price of the breakfast, which personally I didn't think was excessive for a hotel like this, and there was plenty of everything, although I would say that if you are considering paying an extra £10 for the Full English - bringing the cost up to £25, it might be worth considering that a good breakfast at the Ritz generally costs between £25 - £32 pounds for a continental, buffet or full English (and no, I don't work for them or get commission for that!)Generally a very nice hotel in a convenient location. I may consider staying there again if the noise issues can be resolved.	
Mar 23 2009 	Great Service Value and Location. Quiet too!	Just returned from a short stay at this hotel, chosen largely based on Trip Advisor reviews. Overall I was extremely satisfied, and would certainly return there in the future.The location (steps from Paddington) was perfect. I was traveling with an older relative, and I was concerned about her ability to navigate with luggage from the airport to our lodgings. Knowing we'd be arriving tired from the night flight, we wanted a simple transfer. So the Heathrow Express to Paddington and the very short walk to the hotel made it as smooth as possible. The staff greeted us warmly, and gave us an early check in. DO request it, but know that they can't guarantee it, of course. We had a twin room on an upper floor. Not a spectacular view (overlooks residential mews and the back of Craven St. businesses), but sunny enough and charming in its own way. The big plus is that it was very quiet -- the hotel is well renovated with solid windows and doors, so a good night's sleep is assured. The beds were comfortable and generously appointed. Being London, the rooms were small, but big enough for two adults and baggage. Bathrooms are well appointed, as well. Modern, clean, and hot water was plentiful. Loved the traditional towel warmer.The common areas were charming. I enjoyed using the free WiFi in the evenings. You can purchase internet service on a day by day basis, I believe. The staff was ready to assist with electric adaptors for my laptop.We were greeted warmly every time we came and left. We didn't opt for much in the way of room service, since local restaurants and markets were so close by. Again, the location of this hotel was perfect. An easy hop from Heathrow, a very short walk to Hyde Park, Lancaster Gate underground, and even the 15 &quot;heritage&quot; bus. I would also recommend this property to single travelers, the neighborhood surrounding seemed safe and easy to navigate.	
Mar 18 2009 	Great place	We just finished a week long stay at the Royal Park. Another couple , friends were also there for a few days the same week. We all felt secure and comfortable. Beds were cozy, Baths nice. Lighting good. Room was small and very tidy.Bath was small but efficient-Shower was great!The staff was impeccable in every way, not only caring for us, but looking ahead. One day, I brought flowers to my wife---we stepped out for a few minutes and on return the Royal Park staff had put them in a vase and nicely arraigned them. I did not think they had even seen me come in with the flowers. The staff could be no better. I would not know how to improve the staff.Location is superior, safe, near easy shopping, cheap food, services,best subway spots. Breakfast was no great value, but always hot and on time, great way to start your day. Excellent coffee shops are a few steps around the corner from the hotel at a third the cost.	
Mar 11 2009 	Lovely hotel	I stayed here for 3 nights with my 19 yr old daughter, and we couldn't have had a better stay. The location is perfect. Close to bus and tube, and Hyde Park/Kensington Gardens for a good walk when you've had enough concrete for a day.Breakfast served in the room suited us perfectly. Getting ready for the day while you can sip coffee and read the paper was pure luxury for us. Daily newspaper was a big plus. OK, breakfast is expensive,- but good! We added the full english and it kept us going until late afternoon.Rooms are spotless, three pillows and huge warmed up towels. The little extras that make it so much more pleasant.The staff was very helpful, and present in a way that made us feel really welcome. A chat and a laugh means a lot, and adds to a good all-over experience. We also got single beds on request with no fuss.We will be back for our next visit to London!	
Mar 3 2009 	Immaculately professional and deliciously comfortable	From the moment we arrived at The Royal Park we were impressed by the professional courtesy of the staff, who were friendly, smiling, and helpful in a range of matters, answering questions and generally making us feel welcome. Lovely rooms, too!The Royal Park is now our hotel of choice whenever we visit London, and want a warm welcome - on my third visit they even remembered what paper I usually have without even asking!!	
Feb 24 2009 	return visit	After having a very enjoyable 3 nts stay in Dec 2008, we return for a further 2 nts in Feb. Both times we were given an upgrade. The staff are always helpful and polite, the rooms were warm and cosy and the hotel is well based for the underground and places to eat. Breakfast arrived on time to our room and although we didn't have full English there was always enough, they also do a mean pot of hot chocolate. As our son has just passed out from Knightbridge as a mounted blues and royal will be visiting London a few more times and hopfully be able to stay at the Royal Park.	
Feb 24 2009 	Mixed bag	We stayed in the royal park hotel over the weekend of the 21st Feb. On the whole, the hotel was excellent. The staff, with the exception of a slow response on our arrival, which may have co-coincided with a shift handover, were absolutely first class and really couldn't be anymore helpful, to the extent one staff member,actually produced a box of over 50 mobile phone chargers to try and find a suitable one. A request for an iron and board was fullfilled with seconds of the request to reception and the porter was one of the cheeriest I have encountered!The hotel itself, is very well presented and comfortable to stay in, it's a nice mix of old english charm and modernism. We had an executive double room, which was very roomy and enjoyable, a good sized bathroom, but the plumbing needs attention though, the shower in our room was stone cold, it was also very noisy when other people's baths/showers were in use. There were some nice freebies and a couple of very comfy robes. The bed was very comfortable and a mini quilted blanket was enough too stay warm over a couple of cold nights, there was also a selection of different graded pillows to suit all comfort levels. We didn't use the air conditioning, but it would be useful come the summer months, when i'd guess it would be pretty stuffy.The breakfast is over priced and if it wasn't for a miss understanding with the booking, we would not have had the in house breakfast. A 2 second walk from the hotel there are plentiful cafes which all serve breakfast, way past 10 am at a much lower cost.There is no bar as such, but they staff are happy to serve drinks in the very comfortable and very english lounge area.It's location is first class, far enough away from the hussle and bussell of oxford street, but close enough too hyde park to let you think you are living in the park, it's about a 2 minute walk to the edge of the park itself. There are plentiful tube stations as well as paddington station itself which are within easy walking distance. How could hotel improve the customer experience?less waiting time on arrival.fix the shower and plumbing.add a kettle and some coffee sachets in each room.Would I use the royal park hotel again?Almost certainly and I hope it's the same staff when I do.	
Feb 22 2009 	Great Location Wonderful Staff....	One of the most friendly hotel staff I have ever met. I could not find my way to the hotel from Paddington Station to the hotel and one of the staff went to pick me up, he even carried my luggage til the hotel and offer me a complimentary glass of champagne upon my arrival.. Great costumer service... thank you..	
Feb 19 2009 	Superb - quality value and position.	I can't recomend this hotel more highly. Very friendly staff and management who go out of their way to help. The rooms are perfect and have all you need straight to hand. I have also used their meeting room on several occasions and it has been exceptional. Free wifi and a warm fire in the drawing room are great. Its location has been a real help but I think the greatest asset is the staff who are always attentive and well trained. The place is spotless and well decorated.	
Feb 19 2009 	A Peaceful Haven in the middle of London	What a loveley way to spend a special weekend in London.We arrived on a Friday afternoon to find ample parking right outside the front door,a warm welcome and a few minutes later we were in our room relaxing with tea and bicuits.Our large room had antique furniture, king size bed and loveley fluffy towels in the bathroom.Once refreshed we went downstairs to be offered a free glass of champagne and canapes before heading out into the west End for a show.The next day after a welcoming breakfast served in our room we walked across Hyde park to Knighsbribge and it was at this point you realise just how well positioned this charming hotel is.What a distant cry it is from corporate hotels, more like staying in a country house.Great staff....Great find	
Feb 15 2009 	Frustrated	We stayed in the hotel from the 11th to 13th February 2009. I had booked the hotel approx 5 weeks before the stay, than, week before the date I had cancelled and than just 3 days before re-booked the hotel room. The staff was very kind in spite of my changes and they had had no problems at all. But that was first and last good impression about the whole hotel staff. Hotel is greatly situated at the corner of Hyde Park, just a few minutes from 2 tube stations. We travelled by bus to Marble Arch station and took taxi to the hotel (just 4.80 pounds). Check-in run without any problems.Our room nr. 602 was situated in street level on other side with a window to yard, which was one floor higher (and equiped with some kind of technology producing noise 24hrs). Room had as the same size as bathroom and it was nice designed. Temperature of the room was cold, although the aircondition was set to 32C, bathroom was totaly freezing - we were assured at the reception, that it was because of the ceiling, it is too high, and there's nothing to do. After 3rd complaining to 3rd different person, our room were supplied with mobile el. heater. Bathroom was equiped with the heating ladder with breathtaking functionality - it heats only after your shower with totally hot water - than the hot water starts circulate through the ladder. It makes sense, when you come to freeze bathroom, wash with hot water, take the cold towel... and within few minutes the ladder gets warm :-(I had no power to complain rickety tiles on the floor - we're still talking about &quot;boutique 4 star hotel called hidden gem in their prospect&quot;.Breakfast is serving to the room, the reason is: hotel has no restaurant at all. You can choose from the breakfast menu - for 15 pounds per person you can choose from 2 types of fresh juice, mug of coffee or tea, müsli, joghurt and that's all! It's served with basket of fresh baked pastry (1x croissant and 2x toast slices!) with post mark piece of butter and 3x small jars of marmalade. Other offer like salami, cheese or eggs etc. you must pay extra...One and only positive thing is location of the hotel and recommendation from the staff about Indian restaurant - Noor Jannah 2 just round the corner - absolutely fantastic food and great service.So, do not book this hotel, there must be some better for this price just near to!	
Jan 13 2009 	Charming lovely traditional hotel	I stayed at the Royal Park for 7 nights in December and found the hotel to be very charming and lovely. In fact I can't really fault it!The real positives for me were:Quiet - didn't hear any noise from other rooms or other guests; Clean - room was spotless and a great size and the bathroom was lovely, all furniture in the room was gorgeous with a big chest of drawers and a small table and chairs; Comfortable - great bed, beautiful fluffy white towels and heated towel rail; Location - close to Paddington station but also close to Hyde Park and within walking distance to restaurants, cafesI had breakfast included with my room and it was brought on a tray each morning. This was a lovely touch and made the hotel feel traditional and old fashioned (in a good way), almost like I was staying at someone's very grand house. Free wireless internet in the lounge was great as this was a quiet area with comfy lounges and a fireplace.I accidentally left my passport in the safe and was notified by the hotel before I even realised I'd left it behind...a big thank you to the staff!The only negative I could possibly think of for this hotel was that I would have loved a big fluffy robe in the room...but that's just me!Would recommend the Royal Park to anyone wanting a great central location, a small, intimate hotel experience and a traditional English feel to their stay.	
Dec 30 2008 	great hotel convenient location	We arrived on a Saturday for two nights at the end of a 12 day trip to Ireland, Devon and a few nights in Hampshire with friends.the hotel is located a five minute walk from Paddington which is in part why I chose it- -we had a morning flight to heathrow and wanted to use the Express train.The room was standard size or a bit larger and was nicely complimented with accessories/amenities. The shower was fantastic. The bed was very very compfortable and the hotel was serene, peaceful and quiet. We didn't sample the room service but got a nice reccomendation for an Indian place a few minutes walk away. (They also half way recommended the Mitre pub - don't go there- - the worst meal of our trip).Note there are not too many pubs or restaurants right around this area - there are allot of hotels and flats but relatively few restaurants. But given the tube is so close - you can eat wherever you like.	
Dec 14 2008	avoid this hotel	Very disappointed by this hotel given other reviews. Noisy (poorly insulated walls), unhelpful staff (maybe they've changed since some of the reviews I read), and overpriced for what is actually a chain hotel not the boutique we'd thought.	
Dec 4 2008	Not what you expect before you arrive	Was looking forward to enjoying a great weekend with three other female friends. We travel together once a year for a &quot;girls&quot; weekend. Booked two twin rooms back in July and were rather disappointed to say the least when we were informed only three days before travel that Royal Park could only supply double rooms. Mature ladies do not want to share beds, even with their best friends. A very bad show from a so called top hotel. We don't stand for any of this and have since cancelled to unfortunatey pay more at another hotel at short notice. Not even an apology from the hotel.To advise a change from July to 2 December does not auger well for the standard of hotel. Hope this does not happen to others but beware!! They tend to forget whom the customer is.	
Nov 17 2008 	Fantastic Gorgeous Hotel	This is a beautiful hotel, so quaint and yet so glamorous. The service is wonderful and just what you need nothing more nothing less. Very conveniently located, very easy to find would definitely recommend it to everyone at work.	
Nov 9 2008 	We Loved the Royal Park London	We stayed at the Royal Park for a week and would absolutely stay there again and recommend it highly. The room was lovely, with a very comfortable and pretty bed and gorgeous bathroom - really superior facilities. The service, both from housekeeping and the front desk was excellent. (Paricularly Ash - who was unfailingly helpful.) This is a hotel that provides breakfast - on a tray to your room. We loved that. We prefer to dine out in a city - so not having a dining room was fine for us - and staff are happy to make recommendations.The location is terrific - close to Paddington Station and Underground - so getting about is very easy. But it was also very quiet - and we slept really well. We also loved being able to walk to and through Hyde Park - and the combination of a busy bustling city and calm beautiful greenspace is great.An outstanding hotel and a lovely holiday for us.	
Sep 28 2008 	Good Place To Stay	Had a good experience with Royal Park Hotel for 3 nights during August following a couple of weeks in Europe. Chose &amp; pre-booked this hotel via hotel website after reading previous Trip Advisor reviews. A well appointed boutique hotel in a quite location yet within easy walking distance to most amenities - restaurants, pubs, convenience stores etc - also close to both Paddington and Lancaster Gate tube stations. Stayed in 4 poster bed suite - on the small side but very clean. This a not a 5 star hotel so don't expect &quot;bells and whistles&quot; with your stay however you should find the staff very friendly - Rather than eat breakfast in your room - much simpler and cheaper to eat breakfast at Raffles Cafe around the corner (3 quid for a huge Big Ben meal) The only downside was that the room needed some long overdue attention - carpet join frayed (disaster looming) between rooms and water staining on room blinds. Otherwise, hotel was very comfortable and in a great postion to base youself while visiting London. We would stay again.	
Sep 18 2008 	Brilliant Staff at the Royal Park	Stayed here with my family in August and must say the Hotel was above my expectations!We had two rooms and both were immaculately clean and well presented, we had a view over looking a private Mews street, VERY London! Everything in the hotel was perfect but I must say the thing that stood out was the staff, you could tell that they really enjoyed working there and were full of smiles and helpful information.The area is a bit quite for nightlife but the city centre is an easy walk away.We loved our stay at the Royal Park and a big thanks from the Robinsons to all the staff again for making our stay so memorable!!!We will be back!	
Aug 30 2008 	Excellent Hotel	Stayed here as our first stop in a tour of Great Britain. The hotel was very nice. The reception could not have been better, super nice people working at the desk there. The room was a bit smallish, but the bed and bathroom were immaculate. The room was extra clean and decorated nicely. We didn't get the breakfast as is was god awful expensive. There is a Neros cafe around the corner, a pastry and coffee for approx 4pound. The view was nothing to write home about, who who sits in their room looking out the window when there is so much to see in London! Paddington station was a 10 minute walk, the Original bus tour (hop-on hop-off) was almost across the street. I would reccommend this hotel, I found the prices a bit high, but the whole city is expensive, so really the price was on par and after all the hotel had high standards. One word of advice, it can be a bit tricky to find, our driver from the airport couldn't find it. It is just off the main street. Also I found the hotel and area in general to be very quiet at night.	
Aug 26 2008 	Clean comfortable good location.	Arrived on Bank Holiday Sunday to a pleasant welcome. No offer of welcome drink, tea or champagne. The room was small but comfortable - 6 pillows on bed, an attractive canopy over. Slippers but no robe. Basic amenities. £15 too much for a poor continental breakfast.	
Aug 15 2008 	Luxury in London	All the good things written are true. We called from the train station after an early arrival from Scotland on the Caledonian Sleeper, so they had a room made up for us early. Every staff member was helpful and friendly. For our three days in London the room was perfect -- crisp sheets, a tub to soak in, warm towels. Enjoyed complimentary champagne and canapes at 7pm. But, we should have booked on the internet to receive the breakfast package, because over $30 for coffee, rolls &amp; yogurt was too much, so we grabbed coffee from Starbucks at nearby Paddington Station. I borrowed a computer to check the internet, the staff printed our boarding passes. Walked and ran in Hyde Park. Headed back to the States pulling our own bags two blocks to the Paddington Express for the easy connection to Heathrow.	
Aug 8 2008 	The best place to go in London for a romantic getaway	I booked the hotel via Expedia for a romantic getaway with my girlfriend and we were both very impressed with the hotel. We arrived too early in the morning but there was no issue in providing us the room keys. The staff was very, very helpfull and the room was small but it had everything I expected... It was nice and quiet and the location (close to Paddington Station) was brilliant!!! The hotel did not have their own restaurant so I order breakfast via room service, which was delivered on time and it was outstanding!I would recommend everyone to use this hotel for a romantic getaway; you will not be dissapointed!Too wrap up: probably one of the best hotels I stayed in to date...	
Aug 4 2008 	Fantastic stay	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Royal Park from July 31st to August 4th, 2008. We booked the room through Otel.com (not a typo) and paid $250/night which included all taxes as well as breakfast for two. The location cannot be beat..it is just a 3 minute walk to Paddington Station and 5 to 7 minutes to Lancaster Gate tube stop. The hotel is very cute, the beds extremely comfortable though the rooms were a tad small (but that is expected in London and we didn't really spend too much time in the room). The bathroom was a big plus, much larger than I expected and clean with just a shower stall (no tub..no worries). I arrived on an early morning flight from Chicago and the lady at the front desk (I think Inge was her name) let me check in at 10.30 a.m..I was eternally grateful! All front desk staff were extremely helpful and kind.Breakfast was quite nice and saved us some $ given how useless the dollar is right now against the pound. It is served as room service and includeds cereal, toast, croissants, orange juice, yoghurt and tea/coffee. We had a garden level room and this was fine as it is truly garden level i.e even the floor is above ground. There was no noise from outside traffice and we slept very comfortably in the room. I'd recommend it highly as it is cheaper than say the Hilton round the corner which is $300 a night before tax and without breakfast. If I return to London, I will stay here again.	
Jul 26 2008 	Cute gorgeous nearly perfect	Loved this hotel; definitely the best all-round hotel we stayed at in our recent European trip. We booked a double Exec Suite, but we may have actually been upgraded to a four-poster room without being advised. From my first email contact, they were terrifically responsive. We stayed here for 3 nights in May. The location was fantastic - quiet, but just around the corner from the hustle of Paddington and its facilities with a taxi rank half a block away. The reception welcome was warm and professional, but be aware they don't offer to carry your luggage. Thankfully, there's an elevator. Lovely room(s) with a beautiful view onto the tree-lined street. Our 'Exec Suite' had a small bedroom, small loungeroom and a little bathroom. Bedroom: four poster bed, flat screen tv set into the wall, wardrobe, desk, chair, drawers, minibar and safe. How do you fit all that in to a small bedroom? With minimal walk space, that's for sure. However, it was lovely, from the decor to the crisp linens and comfy bed. I wished I could take the bed with us. It was quite high, and with the four posts and canopy, it had a cocoon-ish sort of feel to it. Everything was great quality, good-as-new and working well. Loungeroom: small room, but they managed to fit in a little couch, side table, dining table and chairs and another wall-set tv, backing onto the tv in the bedroom. I'd say the decor was sort of 'modernised antique' - clean, curving woods and classic damask uphostery. Bathroom: cute, everything you need except counter space. Fluffy towels, heated towel rack. Everything was clean, clean, clean. Room service: we had a disappointment on our first morning when breakfast repeatedly failed to appear. I ended up having to order it three times. They apologised sincerely, so it was easy to let it go as a minor anomaly. Room service on the next two mornings was great. Although a little pricey, the food was delicious and they served yummy biscuits whenever we ordered up tea and coffee. The hotel didn't have a restaurant, but there were plenty of eateries of all kinds close by, and I'm pretty sure you could order afternoon tea in the little communal lounge room. If I were going to London again, I wouldn't even look anywhere else. For the price, this was just a gem. It was pretty, clean, high-quality, well-located and reasonably priced, with friendly and professional service. It scored top marks in so many categories. I can't recommend it highly enough. I would suggest that anyone looking to stay here try for a room with a view onto the street, as the other views seemed a little drab.I've tried posting some of our photos, but my explorer keeps stalling, so I'll try doing that at a later date.	
Jul 25 2008 	Loved this hotel	Really lovely hotel in a gorgeous location. The service was great and the room was beautiful. The bed was so comfortable and the bathroom small but really nice. We ordered the room service breakfast which was very expensive but was so convenient (especially when you have a baby) and it was really nice. Really enjoyed our stay, we strolled through hyde park at sunset, just stunning.	
Jul 17 2008 	Interesting...for couples	Situation is not perfect.Rooms clean.No cotton buds...!Breakfast in the room. (obligatory)Service not perfect.Afternoon Tea and Cocktail is lovely.It is a 4 star hotel.A lot of charm.	
Jul 10 2008 	Regal Treatment at the Royal	On the phone we were treated with courtesy at all times. At reception desk the staff greeted us cheerfully, using our names,introducing themselves and welcoming us to The Royal Park. All requests such as use of internet were remembered and catered for swiftly and with a smile. The use of keys, room service, the mini bar, luggage storage, the location of lounge rooms etc were clearly explained. The hotel's location and transport access was fully explained. Any queries about entertainment and other tourist information were dealt with clearly and courteously. Our rooms including the wonderful four poster bed, were clean, beautifully appointed and spacious.The hotel's situation in London adds to it's attraction. A short walk from Paddington Station and Hyde Park- everything at your finger tips.What makes The Royal Park so special is the staff from all areas.	
Jul 7 2008 	Rather disappointing nowhere to eat in hotel	I stayed here with a relative for a week. It was very disappointing in several regards for the money, most importantly the lack of anywhere to eat breakfast other than in your room. The hotel has no dining facilities at all. If I was aware of this I would have booked somewhere else and this should be made clearer by the hotel website. I was also not impressed with the staff and their attitude, which was rather cool and disinterested. Also there was no kettle or provision to make yourself a drink (or even biscuits) in the room unless you used a charged-for minibar with outrageous marked-up prices, which is a bit mean and unwelcoming when you first arrive tired from the journey.To be fair there wasn't anything horrifically wrong about this place, its just not particularly great. Ends up being a rather expensive place to rest your head and nothing more, as there's no incentive to stay in this hotel a second longer than you sleep.	
Jul 2 2008 	Lovely hotel lovely service	Just thought I would add my comments after our wonderful stay. The room had such character and the staff were helpful, polite and charming.Set in a gorgeous leafy terrace set back from the road, conveniently near Paddington station and a quick stroll to hyde park.I have to mention the exceptionally comfortable 4-poster bed! One of the best I've ever slept in and for such a reasonable price!Highly recommended.	
Jun 30 2008	A Hotel of Quality and Refinement	This would have to be one of the loveliest boutique hotels in London.If you're looking for a period hotel that has been beautifully restored with immaculate rooms and exquisite decor, then this is it.My daughter and I stayed in an Executive Twin Suite for 3 nights which was beautifully appointed and impeccably clean. Rooms were decorated with quality furniture and beds were large and very comfy. The hotel is located back from the main road in a picturesque tree-lined street, so there is no traffic noise. There are two lifts servicing the hotel which, in an older style building, is not always the norm.Upon our arrival, we were welcomed by friendly, efficient staff and shown to our room by a delightful gentleman from reception who was both charming and helpful.Paddington Station is just a few minutes walk and there is an abundance of wonderful little cafes and bistros in the surrounding streets. We had two delicious and reasonably priced meals at a great Italian restaurant located just around the corner from the hotel called &quot;Ask&quot;.What you see on the hotel website is what you get. A luxury period hotel decorated to the highest standards. Royal Park is a beautiful hotel and the ambience is one of quality and refinement with exceptional service.Oh, and they make a great pot of English Breakfast Tea!!!	
Jun 25 2008 	What a brilliant find	This was a great find, close to Lancaster gate (central line tube). Easy access to central London. Booked a standard double with breakfast included. Have stayed in London before and been disappointed with rooms but was pleasantly surprised with Royal Park Hotel. Booked it on the basis of previous trip advisors recommendations - have to say agreed. Staff helpful, breakfast filling and bathroom very clean. Beds very comfortable. Would stay there again.	
Jun 22 2008 	Hotel made our trip perfecgt	We just returned from 4 days in London after attending a wedding in Scotland. This is my first trip to London and the Royal Park was everything I had hoped it would be. I liked the English feel of the hotel and was treated quite well. We had a room on the 5th floor with a great view. Our room was very clean, with very comfortable beds, loved the soft sheets and huge soft towels. The shower was great. The a/c worked perfect as it was actually quite warm in London during our stay.Included in our stay was breakfast delivered to our room every morning. Being a tea drinker, it was great. but my brother is a coffee drinker and the small pot wasn't enough for him. There was plenty of food though all served elegantly. Our only complaint was that we didn't have coffee/tea facilities in our room so we could have it anytime.I especially have to thank Ali, the manager for all his help. We had decided at the last minute to take the Eurostar day trip to Paris but had trouble booking at last minute. Ali called several of his contacts and got us booked. Ali is the best asset this hotel has. He was very friendly and accommodating and because of him I have nothing but wonderful memories of my stay.	
Jun 11 2008 	Lovely. Efficient. Welcoming. Comfortable.	From the moment we walked in the front door we knew we had made the right choice. The staff is very friendly, efficient and have a genuine concern for the comfort of your stay. They make it a point to remember your name. Ask about your day or evening and offer suggestions about the neighborhood and surroundings. Very convenient to Hyde park - 5 minute walk -, Paddington Station and Underground are less than 5 minutes away. Tons of ethnic and &quot;conventional&quot; restaurants within a couple blocks. When I asked if they might know where I could log on and select seats and print boarding passes for my flight home, the desk manager handed me a wi-fi capable laptop over the counter and took me to the very well appointed guest office... way beyond the call of duty. Free. The rooms are very very well appointed, spotless clean, individually air conditioned with guest selectable digital temperature control. Windows that open. Flat screen TVs. Seemed very secure. It was very quiet. Priced appropriately with the dozens of other boutique hotels nearby in the Sussex Garden area. Will absolutely go back.	
Jun 8 2008 	Not Great	If you dont mind going to bed when the person in the room above you goes to bed and waking when they wake then it is fine. If not then I would think twice. Our first room an executive double was in the basement and the person above decided to wake at 5.30am on a Saturday morning and proceed to walk around for the next couple of hours - Not great! You could hear every footstep and creak. We asked to be moved thinking it was just that room but our second room on the second floor had the same problem. At least those guests didnt get up until 8 am! I could almost hear what they were talking about too!The airconditioning didn't work in the second room, We didn't receive the welcome drink they advertise in the brochure and the hotels location is a bit too far out for me. The positives were 1. Hyde Park was close by.2. the rooms were very clean and well decorated.Overall very disappointing for the money paid and I cant see why it is rated so highly.	
Jun 5 2008 	Mixed reviews	We just returned from London after staying 4 nights at the Royal Park hotel. The property is beautiful and has just been recently renovated.PROS: Nice property, nice rooms, close to the tube. AC works great when it is working. It failed on Sunday and room was a sauna. The property is a 4 star, building wise.CONS: Internet was flakey at best, service maybe 2 star for any problems. Staff is unsure. Costs 12 pnds in cab from Victoria Station. Costs 60 pnds to Heathrow.	
Apr 28 2008 	Little gem will be back!!!!!Fantastic experience.....	Just had a weekend in London and booked the Royal Park after reading the reviews. Very nice, clean friendly hotel in a great location. Rooms very tastefuly furnished, comfortable bed and good breakfast. Cant really ask much more from a city centre hotel.We loved the experience, squeezing a lot of shopping during the weekend, and would defenitely use the Royal Park again.Thank you all at the Royal Park for making our stay so relaxing and easy!!!!!	
Apr 22 2008 	Best hotel experience in London	Just back from an extended London weekend. Our group counted five persons - mother&amp;four more or less grown up &quot;children&quot; in three rooms - one double and two twins. Our rooms were spacious (for London), beautifully decorated and clean. Wonderful marble bathrooms with luxurious feel to it. The sitting rooms and reception have open fires and a homely, warm atmosphere. All the staff we met were helpful, friendly and professional, a special thanks to our cheerful Spanish friend who arranged for us to have rooms immediately on arrival at 10 o'clock in the morning!. The location close to Hyde Park, between Lancaster Gate (2 min) and Paddington (5 min), is central, yet quiet. London hotels are expensive and seldom give value for money, but The Royal Park definitely does. The only thing I missed was the typical English coffe&amp;tea making facilities in the room which make long mornings in bed even better.E.S, Norway	
Mar 25 2008 	Great value for London with charm and easy access	This was our fourth time at this property. We seem to go back to this property more than any other in London because of what we get for our dollar. The hotel sits just a few blocks away from Paddington Station so it is very easy to get to and from Heathrow on the 15 minute Heathrow Express. It is just a block from Hyde park.New owners have taken over the hotel last year and I will say the staff is not nearly as attentive as it used to be(with the acception of Jerry) but it does provide great charm and location for your money. Most hotels as nice as this cost well over 500.00 and they are usually very small. Remember, the dollar is cut in half once you arrive. We have stayed in hotels that cost over 600.00 per night in London and found ourselves sleeping in closets with terrible service, so I will praise this hotel on their effort. If you want more space at this hotel upgrade to the Junior Suite. This will give you an extra SMALL room to sit and have a table to drink and eat and not feel cramped in the bed area. There are two small flat screen tv's in this type of room also. The bathroom is very nice, medium size space, with great water pressure for shower and a great tub for soaking. Robes and slippers are provided for your leisure. The mini bar is expensive but has some nice choices when you do not feel like running out. Two large windows give you plenty of light in the bigger rooms, but the smaller rooms seem to be rather dark. The morning paper sits out side of your door when you awaken...nice touch.The four poster bed is very comfortable with fabulous sheets and pillows. My only complaint, and I find this at many locations in Europe, is that two twin beds have been pushed together and they do not use a proper liner so you feel the middle crack...it really is not a king size bed but two twins pushed together...kind of weird but I guess they do not have the space in most places for the typical king. When we arrived they had not taken down our reservation correctly and I did not call to confirm just before arrival, so we were lucky to get our rooms. They had all of our reservations incorrectly booked. It took about 45 minutes but they handled it. Next time I would be hesitant to book over the phone since I clearly repeated myself many times during this booking to make sure they got the dates correct....again, this is a staff issue.We also had the rate go up from what we had been originally quoted and they straightened this out.The best part about this hotel is the location and cleanliness and comfort. They used to have wine/champagne in the evenings which we noticed they no longer offer as a free amenity. With that said, there are so many places to explore in London, it is good to get out! You are close to several tube locations and easy access to walking anywhere. I love London but after this visit, I will continue to search for the perfect hidden gem in London. Many people talk of this hotel being it, but I truly believe there has to be better.	
Mar 16 2008 	A great find	We stayed here for a two night break because of the good reviews and we were delighted. Beautifully appointed and clean with very friendly, helpful staff. A small but very comfortable room and with a good bathroom and great shower. Lovely soft bath sheets, the biggest we have seen, wonderful!The hotel does not have a dining room and thus all food is served in your room. We had continental breakfast both mornings and it was very acceptable. Freshly squeezed orange juice, choice of cereal and yoghurt. A basket of toast, croissents and Danish pastries and really hot tea and coffee.The position is excellent. it is in a very pleasant residential area and just round the corner from Lancaster Gate tube station. So for £5.30 per day you can have the freedom of the city and get to all the major attractions. We really enjoyed our stay at The Royal Park, would definately recommend it and will check in again whenever we are in London. Just one grouse. There are no tea or coffee making facilities. So next time we will be taking our kettle!	
Feb 18 2008	excellent little gem in London	We have just spent 2 nights at this little gem of a hotel. The hotle is centrally located, it is well appointed and very clean. The staff are extremely helpful and efficient. The room service is speedy and the staff will even stand outside to hail a taxi for you.We booked with hotels direct and as part of the package they sent us to a nearby cafe, 'Maxims' for a full english breakfast as the hotel can only offer continental breakfast served in your room. Do NOT take this option, it is not part of the hotel and the food is diabolical and the service even worse.	
Feb 14 2008	not quite what I was expecting	The description and the reviews I read here convinced me that this was the perfect hotel to bring my mother to as part of a London/Paris trip for her 60th birthday. I wanted somewhere small, special and in a good area. This seems odd but the final deciding factor was the slippers/bathrobe one!!, but unfortunately our small but perfect bathroom didn't have any ( or tea making -which is normally standard in the UK). It's more like a beautiful home than a hotel, which I loved. We were not offered any Champagne in the evening but when I asked for it we got it!!! Getting breakfast in the room was lovely, however I got flu and we decided it was better to return home to Ireland rather than proceed to Paris..I asked about room availability for another night as I felt too rotten to travel but the only suite available was v expensive so we checked out, leaving our luggage in their care. By now we were no longer offical guests -- however when the very helpful man at the front desk heard we were not able to proceed to Paris he offered to phone the company I had booked our eurostar and hotel with to see if we could change for another date, he spent so much time trying to help that it really impressed us.I dragged myself to the internet cafe around the corner and booked a 4star hotel just down the road for only £65 room only -it was fine-no complaints- free internet and use of computer with offer of printing a nice touch- we were in bed by 8 and on the train to Holyhead by 12 next morning. NO PARIS- BUT AT LEAST ROYAL PARK LEFT A GOOD IMPRESSION.	
Feb 12 2008	Overpriced and noisy room	It is a nice hotel in a nice neighborhood. The Heathrow Express train goes to nearby Paddington Station, which is a great. But room 504 turns out to be in the basement. The floors of this older building squeak, so I heard people walking around in the room above me until well past my bedtime. Overall I feel there is likely better value in some of the numerous other hotels in the neighborhood.	
Feb 6 2008 	Hotel Good Ali Great.	Had a nice two day stay here. The hotel is just a couple of blocks from Lancaster Gate tube station, and ditto for Paddington. In addition, the room was clean and well appointed. Another plus, you can open the window slightly which is a pretty big thing for me (prefer a little fresh air coming in). Ali, as has been written before, is very upbeat and helpful. The other staff were also quite friendly and helpful. The only complaint I have is the buzz-in system and dropping your key on the way out. It somehow reminded me of being a kid. For some it is likely to be a non-issue. However, it would not prevent me staying here again.	
Feb 5 2008 	Fantastic hotel fantastic location fantastic value	The hotel has a huge amount of character, much better than the anonymous rooms of other hotels. The room was a good size, great bed, great bathroom. Very clean and very high class. I got a deal from the hotels website which made the stay fantastic value for the quality of the hotel. The location is great less than 5 minutes to the tube, 10 minutes walk to the end of oxford street, 5 minutes to Hyde Park. I would certainly go there again and would reccomend to others.	
Jan 20 2008 	Plus and minus	I just returned from a week-long stay at the Royal Park. In reflection, it was a good experience, but I'm not sure if I would return. I think the biggest stumbling block was that things were so uneven and that advertised amentities didn't appear. Different things matter to different people, so here goes:This is a great hotel if the following are important to you: air-conditioningdark roomsgood beddingfabulous water pressure and lots of hot watergreat towels with warm towel barmini-barflat screen TVin-room intenet connectionclose to tubes (Central, Cirlce, District lines)feeling safe as a single (especially female) travelerclose to Paddington Stationinternet cafes closeThis is not such a great hotel if the following are important:consistent service from the reception staffeasy entry into the hotel (must be buzzed in)advertised amenitiesan alarm clockin-room coffee/teaquiet roomsinternet available on-sitetaking your room key with you dailyI really wanted to love this hotel. Fortunately, I had read the reviews, so I knew that not eveyone had the same experience. The staff were very pleasant(especially Ali); it just didn't seem as if everyone was working off the same manual. I had pre-paid through the booking site and was checked in to room 306. When I went to check out, they said that I had a room up-grade charge of 125GBP. When I said I didn't ask for a room upgrade, they put the charge aside. Sometimes the front door was propped open,sometimes you had to be buzzed in and sometimes that didn't happen right away. If there was a business meeting, that meant the drawing rooms were off limits. Room keys are very heavy, so it was better to leave it each time you went out. My first two nights I really heard the people in the room above walking around and the people in the room next door. After that the noise faded - don't know if they were quieter people or I was adjusting to the time change. I would really recommed this hotel to single female travelers and those that like easy access to the tube. This is also a great hotel if you get a good deal on rates.	
Jan 6 2008 	Hit or Miss!	Stayed here for one night -Jan 2nd 2008 for brief 'after christmas get away'. Had read many of the previous emails and was impressed. Decided to book but from past experience of hotels in London really wondered whether would be a 'hit or miss'. Most definitely a hit! Dropped bags off much earlier in the day eventhough we knew we were far too early for check-in. When returned later in evening was made to feel very welcome by the young lady on the front desk; offered a complimentary drink and then shown to our room where our bags awaited us!Had chosen an executive double which lived up to previous positive reviews in terms of size, decor and roomy bathroom (with window). Needing to find somewhere to eat we found Ali to be a good listener to our needs who advised us accordingly.Breakfast in the room (at a time of our choosing) was a lovely and thoroughly relaxing experience.Finally, all other staff we encountered during our stay were equally helpful and friendly. Somewhere we would definitely stay when next in London.	
Jan 3 2008 	Very pleasant stay	My husband and I just returned from a four night stay at the Royal Park and for the most part, really enjoyed it. We stayed in the two room suite and it was extremely nice to return to after a long day of shopping and sightseeing. The bed was extremely comfortable and cosy.The location is great - close to the city attractions, but in a quiet neighbourhood. Easy walking distance to Kensington Palace.We felt the continental breakfast was a little steep at 14 GBP per person (works out to $56 for two!) and there weren't any cafes that were very close by. There was one around the corner but it was closed for the Christmas holiday season. We weren't offered the welcome drink upon check-in and we weren't ever told that there would be champagne served which would have been a really nice touch. All in all, it was a very nice hotel and we would recommend it highly.	
Dec 22 2007 	Enjoyed our stay at The Royal Park Hotel	My husband and I have returned from a short stay at this hotel. Overall I would recommend it. You have to bear in mind most London hotels charge extortionate rates for very average, cramped rooms, often with poor decor.Therefore when I read all the good reviews on this hotel I was dubious, although I wasn't disappointed on arrival. The hotel is not far from Lancaster Gate tube station (on The Central Line).It is a small boutique type hotel, I found the staff to be very friendly. Our room (which was 306) was at the back of the hotel, this did not bother us as it was quiet. The room was small (which we expected) but very clean with good quality furnishings and had a lovely bed with a canopy over it.The room wasn't without fault though, even though the hotel boasts a recent re-furb the carpet was slightly stained and the shower screen in the bathroom had seen better days, also one of the tiles in the bathroom was cracked (these are just minor faults though).The room had all you'd expect from a good 4* hotel, mini bar, bathrobes, slippers, free daily paper. Breakfast was served in our room every morning and although it was continental, felt we got a good choice (we were on a B&amp;B basis, I don't think we would have paid £12.50 per person for it, which is what it costs if you are room only).My only complaints are that the hotel could have done with a bar, and one night after arriving back about midnight (rather drunk) we tried to order from the 24hr room service but were told the Chef had gone home although the man at reception kindly told us directions to a nearby takeaway pizza shop and said it was no problem bringing it back to the room!I travel to London quite frequently with work and have stayed at some of the supposed top 5* hotels in London and believe me The Royal Park would put some of them to shame.Although I prefer to stay in Chelsea/Kensington area as I feel there is more going on in this area I wouldn't hesitate to return to The Royal Park.	
Dec 17 2007 	Nice One	I just got back from London yesterday. I have made the reservation on their website price was 176 pounds including vat . Hotel is located in a beautiful neigbourhood, great surroundings, as an English boy's expression located &quot;posh part &quot; of the city. I used train from the airport and Paddington Station just a corner away from the hotel which is a plus. (2 min. walk tops.) Staff was warm, I couldn't checked in as I got there because room wasn't ready but left my luggage hit the city. I realised that it's a little bit out of the center. When I came back ,I accompanied to my room with one of the reception clerks and my bag was in the room. It was on the first floor, with a great bed, nice room design and a great bathroom ( I loved mirror on the wall). Overall it's a little bit pricey in comparison with other countries but I think it's a good price for London.	
Dec 6 2007 	Everything we thought it would be.	brief and to the point. We read several reviews (here) on several non-cookie cutter hotels and chose this one for our 15th anniversary trip. The hotel was wonderful and the staff very accomodating. Would stay here again!	
Dec 1 2007 	Wonderful change from the cookie cutter boxes	We stayed here for a recent London shopping break. We found the hotel to be perfect for a weekend away. We were greeted by professional staff, offered a unique fruit welcome drink and then privately escorted to our room after check-in; nice touch! The lobby was beautiful! Thick marble black and white floor leading to thick plank hardwood floors in the two reception rooms. Enough space to feel like you are in a historic home filled with antiques and real fireplaces..cozy!The rooms were the best part. We had a standard double which was simply elegant to say the least. The furnishing and decor were of high quality like the rest of the posts say on trip advisor. We loved the high-quality linens and blankets and also the high beds! All of the bells and whistles in the room seemed brand new. The bathroom was immaculate. We loved the heated towel racks and all of the stainless steel antique bathroom fixtures. We noticed the hotel had 24 hour room service, but did not try it. Prices seemed reasonable for the food and drinks though.All in all, a great deal to be had at £140.00. This was the same price we played to stay at a holiday inn which just does not compare The boutique style of this hotel and the price make it an attractive option in London. Definitely would recommend and will stay again.	
Nov 29 2007 	lovely building but overpriced	We booked an executive room for 3 nights on lastminute.com (which gave us a better rate than the hotel's own site) and it cost about £180 a night for the room.We'd a little difficulty finding the hotel as the website doesn't give directions from the two nearby tube stations. However, we soon recognised the white terrace and checked in. We got our welcome drink and were given our room key. The room was nicely decorated, but still quite small and so there was very little room to manouver as the bed was a good size. We were disappointed to see that there was no bath.The lastminute site had claimed that the hotel provided complementary afternoon tea and evening champagne and canapes to guests, but there was no mention of these at check in or in the hotel information in the room. When we asked (on our second evening) we were informed that the afternoon tea had been discontinued but champagne is served between 7pm and 8pm - unfortunately we didn't get to avail of this.The area itself was lovely and we had breakfast two mornings in the nearby Bonne Amouch pattiserie - I highly recommend their pastries.Overall, while we'd an enjoyable stay, I feel we could have gotten better value for our money.	
Nov 28 2007 	Cute and Charming	We decided to stay here based on the overall good reviews and the price. We paid £135.00GBP, whih appears to be a good deal in London these days. The hotel was small, intimate and the staff were great.We really enjoyed the welcome drink and the free champagne and canapes in the evening. The room qualiy was 5 star and the hotel reminded me of hisorical England..something these ultra modern hotels forget these days! All in all a perfect stay at a reasonable price. Area is great as well. Would stay again.Thumbs up!	
Nov 26 2007 	The Perfect London Hotel	The Royal Park Hotel is the only place that I will ever stay when in London! Was there for the Thanksgiving holiday. The room was beautiful, tasteful and elegant. The location was great and near two Tube stations and Paddington Rail Station. The staff are extremely accomodating, and ALI is wonderful! Everything the reviews say about him are true! He will make your stay enjoyable and memorable. I really enjoyed having my evening cocktail while reading by the fireplace. Hey Ali, Brian sends a warm thank you and hello!- Brian Williams, Atlanta, Georgia	
Nov 23 2007 	Disappointing	What a disappointing experience given the wonderful reviews posted on Trip Advisor.I arrived from a very early morning flight and went straight to the hotel. As the hotel was full, I was told to leave my luggage and it would be put into my room once the room was ready. When I returned late evening, my bags were not in my room. When I telephoned the desk to ask where they were, they said they didn't know which bags were mine! I described them, waited for twenty minutes for them to arrive, then decided to go to reception to see what was going on. There they were, waiting to be brought to my room except that it was a shift change and the staff were more concerned about leaving to go home! Additionally, the room itself did not live up to the description and photos on their website. The room was supposed to be 'an executive king size double' except that the bed took up almost all of the space in the room and there was only a walk-in shower (even the standard double room on the website shows a bath). Lastly when I checked out they tried to charge me again despite the fact that I had already paidwhen I booked the hotel on-line.All in all, great location but sub-standard service. If you are going to book this hotel, make sure that you enquire as to which room they intend to put you in as all rooms are not equal.	
Nov 22 2007 	Very Stylish	We stayed at The Royal Park hotel for 2 Nights on a Friday and Saturday.We booked an executive room which, although compact, was beautifully formed. I think the rooms seem so small because the beds are so huge. The bed was enourmous, really comfortable. Loads and loads of pillows which was great.The room was decorated nicely in a tradtitional manner. The walls were a nice deep red and with the rain outside we felt extremely cosy.The bathroom was lovely with plenty of hot water, fluffy towels and bath robes.The room was spotlessley clean. Someone even cleaned the hair out of my hair brush which was very nice of them if a tad embarrassing (I have lots of hair).There are a couple of things that would stop me going again unless it was a bit cheaper. We did not have a mini bar as promised. That didnt bother us as we had been told there was a bar. Well, not really.....it is a cabinet in the foyer and the staff were so busy that we didn't want to bother them.The comunal areas looked nice and cosy with fires blazing.We also never received the 'famous' welcome drink or the champagne and canapes. I have to say that these were the nice extra touches that made me book in the first place (and pay a hge £334 for 2 nights) so I was dissapointed. All in all it was a good location, the room was nice and the staff, although busy and flustered were pleasant enough. Not sure it is quite worth the dough though. Next time I want luxury I will pay extra and actually go to a luxury hotel....with a bar.The Royal Park has very good intentions but kind of doesn't quite make it , however, it is a very nice and very posh (if expensive) bed and breakfast. A great place to stay if you can get a great deal.	
Nov 10 2007 	Nice European Style Hotel	I picked the Royal Park Hotel based on its location near a company with which I was meeting and on its good reviews in Trip Advisor. I was not disappointed. Overall, I had a pleasant stay of two nights, with only one real complaint.The Royal Park is located in a vertical slice of a row of flats on tree-lined Westbourne Terrace. The immediate neighborhood is composed of similar upscale flats. The Lancaster Gate Underground stop is abouttwo blocks to the south and the Paddington Underground stop and Paddington Station are about three blocks to the north. Hyde Park is, of course, located two blocks to the south, also.The neighborhood does admittedly turn a little downscale a block away toward Paddington as one finds the usual tourist trade businesses associated with European rail stations. Having said that, at no time did I feel unsafe in the area. The location near Paddington Station is convenient, as others have noted, because the Heathrow Express terminates at Paddington Station (take note, Americans -- Paddington Station has a Krispy Kreme doughnut shop if you feel homesick!).The rate that I paid was 146.88 GBP (including VAT) on Sunday night and 188.00 GBP on Monday night, which is quite reasonable in London. An excellent continental breakfast was delivered to my room each morning for 12.50 GBP (I marked my preferences for breakfast on a cardand hung it from the door the night before).The hotel does not have a restaurant, but restaurants of varying quality are located nearby. The hotel staff pleasantly provided satisfactory recommendations for both lunch and dinner.The room was small, as typical for European-style hotels, but it was clean. Both the furniture and the bathroom were modern and in excellent condition. A key reason for choosing the hotel over others nearby is that the rooms had thermostatic control, which worked well. The view from my room looked north across the roofs of a number of apartment and business buildings (i.e., it was nothing special).The bathroom included a tub with a shower and an immovable glass half-partition on the end opposite the tub spigot. I understand from a UK colleague that this arrangement is not unusual in European-style hotels, but it took this American a little time to get used to positioning the showerhead straight down so that he wouldn't soak the bathroom floor.Likely because of old plumbing (years of accumulated scale in the pipes), the shower and sink did drain slowly even though they appearedto be clear of hair and other debris. Hot water was delivered quickly when the faucet was turned on.Toiletry items included shampoo, shower gel, skin lotion, and hand soap. Bath linens included wash cloths, hand towels, and large bath sheets. The bathroom did not have a blow dryer.The room included a small flat-screen TV with about 20 channels. I don't remember any U.S. channels available, though the several Sky channels carry Fox programming, as expected. The TV was located in a small closet next to the main closet. The main closet space was a bit compromised by inclusion of a minibar, but I had sufficient space for my clothes. The room did not have an alarm clock, either separate or built into the TV.Internet access in my room was by Cat 5 cable only (bring your own) and required a call to the front desk to activate. The price was 10 GBP for 24 hours. Free wi-fi is available in the lobby.A complimentary copy of the London Daily Telegraph was delivered to my room each morning.My only real complaint about the hotel is that when I arrived around 10:00 am on Sunday morning after an overnight flight from the U.S., I was told that no room would be available for me until about noon (which was still earlier than the 2:00 pm check-in time). The woman atthe desk offered only to hold my luggage in storage if I wanted to go out and wander around London in the meantime. I took her up on the offer but would have preferred to take a shower and a quick nap first.Two colleagues joined me the next morning and had no trouble getting their room (though one did have a reservation for the night before to ensure room availability). The hotel was very busy on Sunday morning with checkouts by European weekend travellers, so my conclusion is that early arrivals on the weekend should plan for a late check-in or pay for the room to be held the night before.In summary, my stay was pleasant and at quite reasonable rates. I certainly recommend the hotel to others. I would have rated the hotel higher had the staff worked a little harder to accomodate me on my early arrival and the shower been of a design that didn't force me to work to keep the bathroom floor dry.	
Nov 5 2007 	A Lovely Place To Stay!	Just came back from staying for 3 nights at the Royal Park Hotel in London and I am very pleased with this hotel! The staff was very friendly and helpful and gave us a really nice room on the 4th floor, facing away from the street so it was very quiet (probably the most quiet room I've ever been in, in central London, so if you like quiet ask for room 402!)The hotel was very clean and pretty and plush. Good central location, very close to both Lancaster Gate tube or Paddington Station and a very short walk from Hyde Park. If you have a laptop with wireless network you can sit in the very cozy lounge (open fire and everything) and access the internet without any charge. To get internet in your room you have to pay £10.The room was immaculate, with a very comfortable bed, wonderful luxurious bedding and plenty of TV channels to watch. I only wish there had been tea/coffee making facilities, but alas there are none.Breakfast is not included in the regular room rate, costs £12.50. We just walked the very short distance to Paddington Station instead and bought all our breakfast stuff at Sainsbury's and asked for cutlery at the reception, worked great. There's a minibar where you can keep stuff refrigerated.I can really recommend the Royal Park Hotel for its excellent location, quiet rooms, wonderful staff and free internet access!	
Oct 30 2007	Very Nice	The hotel was lovely, clean, and the staff were very helpful. I did however, find that the traffic kept me awake. Not the hotels fault but worth noting!	
Oct 23 2007 	great place!	first time travel to London and we booked this hotel based on the positive reviews. the hotel was great!, great location it's walking distance from the Paddington rail station(it connects the express train to Heathrow airport), services were very polite and consistantly smooth throughout our 4 day stay. room is a little bit small but very clear. the only thing is that they dont have a microwave oven in the room otherwise it'll be perfect! but definitly we'll be stay here again next time we visit London.	
Oct 23 2007 	Loved this little boutique hotel!	I did extensive research on this site for hotels in London and had originally booked at a Best Western in Kensington. I'm so glad that I cancelled that reservation and booked a room at the Royal Park. The location of the hotel is perfect. It's right by both the Paddington and Lancaster Gate Tube Stations which makes it so easy to get everywhere in London. The staff at the front desk were so helpful. They gave us great suggestions where to dine and one of the staff even allowed us to borrow his personal laptop to access the internet. The room was very tiny but beautiful and comfy. I think the bed was the most comfortable hotel bed I have ever slept in. The bathroom was all marble and immaculate. The shower had great water pressure. We especially loved breakfast in bed and the yummy hot chocolate and warm croissants. I hope to stay here again the next time we go to London.	
Oct 20 2007 	Not bad not bad..	Clinically clean hotel in quiet spot 15 minutes walk from Marble Arch. Well appointed bedrooms (not overlarge) and pleasant bathrooms. Continental breakfast ensuite was a bit if a squeeze but no complaints about the food - apart from a sparsity of tea and coffee. And no hospitality tray! Our stay was for one night for my wife's birthday treat to see the Sound of Music and I earned brownie points from the hotel selection. The staff were helpful and polite. There is convenient parking at the front in a private road - there may be a charge.	
Oct 16 2007 	Excellent	The Royal Park Hotel is excellent. All the past reviews are exactly correct. I won't repeat them here. What we found was a hotel with a discrete entrance on a quite tree-lined street 1.5 blocks from Hyde Park.. Upon enetering you will find a very nicely appointed check-in area and day lobby with comfortable seating. The hotel is finished in high quality materials and workmanship. The rooms are very spacious and well appointed with excellent bedding. The baths are autoclave clean and bright as an operating room. High quaity fit and finishes everwhere. Very clean public areas. The front deak was staffed with young, energetic, well informed and helpful staff. Paddington Station 2 block away and two other Tube stations . Nice restaurants also 2 blocks walk. This hotel is great value and I recommend it. I found it on Trip Advisor.	
Oct 15 2007 	Charming hotel!	We stayed here for 4 nights in October and enjoyed it very much. The rooms were beautiful, although we did not have much of a view... The staff were excellent and helpful as well. What really impressed us was the location. With both Hyde Park and Paddington Station withins minutes of the hotel, we had no trouble getting around.	
Oct 13 2007 	Very Nice	We originally booked The Parkcity in London based on TA reviews but then as I did more research The Royal Park made more sense because of it's proximity to the Paddington station. The hotel is a short block from the underground which made getting around London easier. However, Paddington is several stops from all the main attractions so you do ride the tube a bit longer. The hotel is close to Hyde Park and Kensington Gardens which make for a lovely walk in good weather.The hotel is a pretty, classy affair that is well priced and in a good, safe location. However , I do have a few complaints. First, the rooms ( we booked an Executive double which was more expensive than the Standard ) and all I can say is think &quot; cruise ship &quot;. It was extremely small and although we had been warned that London hotel rooms are small, I didn't think an &quot; Executive double &quot; would be this tiny !We couldn't pass each other in the room and had to crawl across the bed to get to the other side. Two people could not be in the bathroom at the same time unless of course one was in the shower. Curiously, the shower had a half glass door which is completely ineffective in keeping the water in the tub. Instead it sprays all over the small bathroom and makes a mess.The bed was the best part with comfortable, amazing sheets and three choices of pillows. There was NO ROOM for luggage and we had to cram our two medium size bags under the desk. Very little hanging room in the closet for clothes. I can't imagine what people would do if they had more luggage than we did.We also heard the upstairs guests all night with slamming doors and creaking floors. They would be better off with electronic locks as the huge key makes alot of noise as you try to open the door.Secondly, upon check in we were to receive a &quot; welcome drink &quot; which was never offered. Nor was the afternoon tea or champagne in the evening. I only found out about these niceties when we came in from a long day of sightseeing and the receptionist said &quot; sorry you just missed the champagne and canapes &quot;. Seeing how tired and disheveled we looked it would have been nice if she would have just offered us the refreshment as it was only a few minutes after the alloted time. Breakfast is extra and very pricey ( what isn't in London ? ) We just went around the corner to a small grocery store and bought fruit and juice or further up the street is Cafe Nero which has great coffee and pastry ! Since there isn't a coffee maker in the room , I think they should offer complimentary coffee and tea all day in the lobby. Of course, they want to make more money by charging for all the extras and it's expensive ! There is no restaurant on the property just the pricey room service. You may use the hotel laptop for email at no charge plus the phone in the conference room can be used for direct dial at no charge. While very clean and pretty, I think I'd like to try somewhere else for my next stay. It may be that the Royal Park is the best quality for the money...I just don't know enough about other London hotels in this price range to be able to fairly judge.	
Oct 11 2007 	As good as all the reviews suggest	I really can't add anything to the many positive reviews which were the basis for our decision to stay here. Everything was excellent, service, location, price, rooms, staff. We made more use of room service than we have in other hotels and each time it was great. Highly recommend this hotel.	
Oct 10 2007 	Terrific	We had an overnight layover in London on the way back to the States. With an eye towards doing some last minute siteseeing, we chose the Royal Park due to the proximity of Paddington and the Heathrow Express. From the moment we walked in and saw the fire going in the cozy living room to the very helpful woman behind the desk, this place surpassed our expectations. It definitely deserves the high TA ranking it has. We walked in to our room and just felt &quot;class&quot; for lack of a better word. It was good sized by London standards with a lot of closet space and a bed pretty much more comfortable than the one at home. Sheets, blankets, pillows, furnishings, lighting....everything top notch. There was a flat screen TV with more stations on it than anywhere else we stayed in Eurpoe. The bathroom, while not huge, featured really fine old English style fixtures. The neighborhood is not the most happening which was a little bit of a problem trying to find a place to eat after getting in so late (the fish and chips place around the block turned out to be really good...I believe it was on Spring St.). However, for stays not so rushed, again the Tube and train station are right around the corner. One little side note, getting off the Express, the London map was packed away and we left the station on the Eastbourne Terrace exit thinking we knew where we were heading and ended up going a very long block around and out of the way to get to Westbourne. Make sure to use the Praed Street exit!We were just looking for a place to crash and did not get to spend enough time there, but feel like we stumbled on to a great hotel and will definitely stay there again next time in London.	
Oct 9 2007	A true gem	We did a lot of research on London Hotels before booking this one. Some of the reviews for other places were awful, but the Royal Park was great. We originally booked through a discount site I'd never heard of (bad idea). It ended up not working out well, but a quick call to the hotel directly and they booked the room for the same price the discount site advertised.We arrived and were greeted by a small (by American standards), yet clean and elegant hotel. The room that night was very small, but a king size bed (which in Europe means two twins pushed together) and a large, extremely clean, inviting bathroom. The bed slept well and we had a skylight (of sorts) that showed treetops with some cathedrals in the background. Breakfast was a bread basket with jams, yogurt, cereals and more. Very tasty.At the last minute, we needed a place to stay in London about 5 days later. We showed up on the Royal Park Hotel's doorstep unannounced and had to stay in the 4-poster suite (aww, darn). It was more expensive, but well worth it. Again, the room was clean, elegant with a real king size, 4 poster, soft bed. The room also had a small sitting area, more closets than I have at home and a large bathroom.The stay also included complimentary champagne and snacks, which was a nice touch. All in all, I was VERY impressed with the hotel. It was clean, friendly, and had a great location (one block from Paddington Station). Also of note, the room service was not overly expensive and very good.	
Sep 25 2007 	Great hotel - highly reccommend	We stayed in this hotel on two occaisions - once at the beginning of our vacation and then again at the end before we flew home. We chose this hotel largely based on the reviews, location, price, and the fact that they have adjoining rooms (more on this below). The location is a couple of blocks from Paddington Station and so has easy access via. the tube to all London attractions. There is a great Italian restaurant just around the corner on Praed Street (inbetween the hotel and the train station). The hotel itself is on a quiet residential street and is very well maintained. The staff were helpful throughtout the booking process, the stay, and then after we left. The rooms were really nice and spacious - hard to believe the spacious part given that it's in London city central but it's true. My one critisizm is that we requested adjoining rooms, were told that this could be accomodated, and then when we arrived were told that the adjoining rooms were not available. Having said that, we made this request of another hotel we stayed in while in the UK, were told no problem, and then were similarly dissappointed - there seems to be a pattern here. The Royal Park Hotel did however upgrade our rooms and make sure they were next to eachother so it worked out fine. Overall, I would highly reccomend this hotel.	
Sep 25 2007	Ali was the best	Close to Picadilly station we arrived to what we would call a hotel of character in San Francisco. The interior is very nice and well maintained. Ali was the manager on duty and helped us to get a perfect room. He had the best suggestions for dining and sightseeing. We would definatly stay there again.	
Sep 19 2007 	Can't wait to go back to the Royal Park	My husband and I stayed with our 2 year old daughter earlier this month. We needed a hotel close to Paddington for a 7:30 AM flight out of LHR. What a lovely hotel. The room was SPOTLESS - especially the bathroom (which has not been my experience in other hotels in London). The bed was so comfortable! The staff was so helpful and kind. They even lent me their laptop so that I could schedule bus rides during the tube strike. I would stay there again, even if I didn't need to be close to the station.	
Sep 12 2007 	What More Could You Want	The rooms were beautifully decorated with obvious thought given to use of the best materials. The public rooms were a delighful combination of antiques and reproductions while having complete access to the internet and modern business conveniences. The property was extremely clean and the staff accommodating. Privacy and quiet were paramount. While located in an upscale residential Bayswater neighborhood, public transportation was easily available. Of particular note was the assistant manager, Ali, for whom nothing was too much trouble. If there was a question, he had the answer...the correct answer. I suppose his greatest asset was that he took the time to take the time to listen, evaluate and propose sensible solutions. All this was done with great charm, courtesy and aplomb. Ali possessed qualities of a different era in a very twenty first century way. Client service was key.	
Sep 11 2007 	Cannot wait to go again!	After booking an Hotel earlier, for a birthday treat else where in London for 3 nights, excitedly I decided to look for reviews, how glad I am that I found this site, the one I had booked was dreadful!!! I was so upset. After a lot of hassle I managed to change my booking. This was the best thing I have done in a long time. We got to the Royal Park a little early, this was not a problem, we were able to leave out luggage &amp; go for lunch &amp; a walk round. When we came back, although the room was not quite ready, we were given coffee while we waited, we were also told we were being up-graded, fantastic, it turned out that we were up-graded to a four poster bedroom. (I could have done with some steps to get up on it, short legs Ian says!) The staff could not have been nicer, or more helpful. I would recommend this Hotel to anyone, well worth a little extra money, for peace of mind, &amp; comfort. FANTASTICHappy traveling!	
Sep 8 2007 	Beautiful and charming	I have booked a last minute stay at Royal Park and was not dissapointed. I live in London but the stay has felt like a trip to countyside. It is in a quiet residential area but close to the town (cab £5 to Park Lane). The staff were nice and bedroom so beautiful. Shame I have fallen asleep and forgotten to order breakfast!	
Aug 25 2007 	Charming Hotel!	Very charming small hotel in a residential-like area of London. The room was very beautiful and the beds were absolutely heavenly!! We arrived early in the day and our room was not ready. We mentioned how tired we were from travelling and they were very accomodating in getting our room ready so we didn't have to wait until the normal check-in time. We would definately stay there again!	
Aug 7 2007 	An excellent find	Finding a hotel in London which makes you want to return is not trivial. This one provides great value for a very reasonable price (again, quite scarce in London). Room was lovely, clean and comfortable. Staff is friendly, and you can drag your trolley straight from the Heathrow express.	
Aug 1 2007 	The reviews are true!	I chose this hotel on the basis of the reviews on tripadvisor and the hotel deserves the high praise it has got it. The location is excellent, just beside Paddington Station. The staff were very helpful and enthusiastic. The room was small-ish but the space was well used. We had an extra bed in the room for our son for an extra £15 pn which was great value. The bed was fab as was the bathroom with a large bath and strong, hot shower. The extra were great too...newspaper, slippers and robes, mini bar. Overall , really enjoyed the stay and would definitely recommend it/stay here again.	
Jul 23 2007	As good as everyone says!	This hotel really is splendid. To start with, it is about two blocks from Paddington. It's one of the sandstone buildings on the green leafy streets nearby that I've always wondered about. I booked here because the Starwood, Hilton, and Marriott properties in town were all around 500 GBP that time of year. This was far, far, less, and I really couldn't tell the difference. The staff was incredibly solicitous. Breakfast was quite tasty. The room was beautifully decorated -- traditional, but not heavy or oppressive. The building is gorgeous, too.Bathroom was good-sized (but has that weird European thing where the shower panel covers only half the bathtub.) Had to request an iron, but that's typical in Europe too.I will probably continue staying at Le Meridien Picadilly and the Sheraton Park Tower when the prices are reasonable there, but when they're not I'll certainly be back at the Royal Park.	
Jul 22 2007	Being Pampered	We can strongly recommend this hotel.We were very pampered and given every consideration.We contacted the hotel on various occasions either by e-mail or phone, and were always given extremely courteous help and guidance.The views from the windows were not beautiful, but then this is London - we expected to see rooftops and anyway, we were never in our rooms except to sleep and clean up. We went onto Cotswolds and Scotland for the beautiful views.My Mother had occasion to use room service on several occasions, and was very well pleased.The Concierge was a little weak - but not necessarily of their making. They were always trying to give us advice and assistance to the best of the information provided to them. We were adquately compensated for any inconveniences and problems that did arise - such as the London Pass - everything was not as they and we expected.	
Jul 18 2007 	Brilliant	What can I say, I don't normally write reviews but believe me this hotel deserves one :)From check in to departure is like home from home without the work.I have had the pleasure of staying at this hotel on 4 occassions for business and I would highly recommend it to anyone.Friendly, clean and though small the rooms are very spacious for a boutique london hotel.The staff as a whole are very friendly and helpful but Ali the concierge is a star, I am sure I am not that memorable, but he greetsyou like a family member when you return - full marks :)Tina	
Jun 19 2007	Wonderful luxurious stay!	I traveled to London with my mother in May and couldn't be happier with my choice of hotel. We were greeted with a snack of dried apple dipped in sugar and a little glass of fresh mango juice. Also, we arrived much earlier than the official check-in and were shown to our room immediately. The room was great--a large window overlooking rooftops of neighboring buildings (and it opened a bit for fresh air). I know that European rooms are typically smaller than their American counterparts, but I thought our room (a twin deluxe, I believe) was spacious enough for us. The bed linens were out of this world comfortable. Really--we wanted to BUY these sheets, they were so comfy! The room was super clean and the bathroom was fancy, clean and handsomely appointed. The location is perfect--a quick walk to both Paddington station and Paddington tube. There are restaurants and grocery stores within walking distance too. We didn't have any hotel food, so I can't comment on that.The staff was friendly and helpful. We felt well taken care of. If you have the money to spend--spend it on this hotel. I would definitely stay here again.	
May 27 2007 	Lovely one night stay.	Lovely Hotel with lots of charactor set in a nice location and surprisingly very quiet. Staff very friendly and helpful. The bedroom was small but lovely, attention to detail very good, the bed had nice crisp pillows and bed linen, we had a superb sleep. bathroom very clean and bright. My Wife and I had a basement double room, there was a mini bar, hair dryer, a small flat screen lcd or plasma tv. over all a very nice stay, however I do not recommend the food! My wife and I had the lamb cassarole, it seemed like it had been frozen and heated in a microwave, I may be wrong but thats how we feel, also the bowl of vegetables were not good at all, stringy is the best way to describe them, our friends did not eat them and asked them to be taken off the bill, our male frined had dijon Chicken and to say it was a small helping is an understatement. If you intend to eat its worth walking around the corner and eating at one of the local cafe's.I do recommend the Hotel, a very nice short stay indeed	
May 25 2007 	My Second Stay still a good choice	This was my second stay at the hotel within a 6 month period, both times alone and for business. The room is small, but very comfortable and modern with a nice bathroom. (That half a piece of glass thing instead of a shower curtain seems standard in London, it still baffles me, but its your country, I guess that is why you get the second towel, so you can mop up all the water that goes on the floor). Overall a very nice place to stay. Access to the tube, the Heathrow express and Hyde Park are excellent. For all my fellow runners a great location, I went for a very peaceful run in nearby Hyde Park each morning, . I learned from reading others reviews to avoid the basement rooms and requested an upper floor on both stays and have been very happy. The price of the room service continental breakfast seemed a bit steep ($24, ouch!), but there are lots of restaurants that offer full breakfasts for much less (under $10) and they are just around the corner, plus there is a Starbucks at Paddinigton, also a block away.I have stuck out twice now on getting into my room early (before 11 AM) when arrving from the overnight flight from the US and have had to kill a couple of hours before the room was ready. The manager did get me a room as soon as he could (11 AM). I really felt he was truely making his best effort, it was just that the hotel had been full the night before on both occasions. Glad I didn't know about the bed bug thing noted by the reviewer who was there just days before me. Yikes! No such problems for me. Great place for a couple of days but it would be cramped for a week., or if you are a person who spends a lot of time in your room.I do recommend this hotel highly , but only for short visits.	
May 24 2007	Bedbugs	Apart from the bedbug problem, I thought the hotel was charming and comfortable (and very clean) but not sufficient for business purposes. I emailed the hotel when I arrived home (after seing the dermatologist) to notify them of the problem and its been 5 days and I haven't heard back from them.	
May 2 2007 	Charming	I stayed at this hotel on a theatre break package in the West End. First impressions were good as I have just moved to the UK and was impressed by the beautiful white 1800’s Victorian townhouse façade. We did book with theatre tickets and was impressed by the location and access into the West End which is walk able to Oxford Street. The room was new and did have a plasma TV and great décor package. What was nice about the hotel was the traditional feel along with a newness that seemed to exist indicating a recent refurbishment. The hotel felt cozy and the lobby and public area décor was grand! The breakfast was great in the room and really cannot fault the hotel. Great value at $130.00 pounds a night over a busy weekend. Liked the location and access to underground plus the area was rather nice and residential.	
May 1 2007	loved it	we found the royal park to be ideally located in a charming, quiet residential neighborhood, yet only 3 blocks from two different tube lines and thus very convenient as a jump off point to other parts of london.we had an executive room for six nights, and though not large, it afforded ample room to move about, and was beautifully and comfortably decorated. the staff was consistantly friendly and helpful. daniel deserves special mention.note that the royal park is a small hotel. if you're looking for a pool, spa, or restaurant on premises this may not be the hotel for you. my wife and i found it to be perfect.	
Apr 30 2007 	Hidden Gem in Leafy London Sinead Smith Dublin Ireland	Myself and my mother stayed here for a girly weekend in London, the weekend gone. On our arrival we were greeted by Ali, the conceirge and were given a lovely welcome drink. All the staff were very friendly and professional at the same time. Our room on the 4th floor was a twin executive room and it was superb. The bathroom was lovely, we had twin handwash basins, which was brilliant and the beds were very comfortable. The little extra touches were lovely too, with a turndown service at night. The location was brilliant too, only around the cornor from Paddington Station, which is so handy if you are travelling on the Heathrow Express (as we were) and also a short walk to Lancaster Gate tube station, which services the Central Line and brings you right into Oxford Circus. Would totally recommend this hotel for a long weekend or any lengthly stay in London.	
Apr 27 2007 	Grand Finale	Stayed here on our last night after my husbands birthday treat to Britain. What a find!Beautiful traditional English hotel in the most wonderful situation you could imagine. Breakfast in bed and what a breakfast - beautiful china and the finest of tea.Daniel and all his staff are beyond words. I would have liked to take him home for my daughter!!! Helpful, curteous and simply quite charming. All in all you couldn't ask for a more wonderful end to a delightful trip. Didn't want to leave - ever!Very close to Harrods - much to my husband's horror, the beautiful and quite stunning Hyde park and Padington Station - what more could a tourist ask for.We will most certainly be back.	
Apr 26 2007 	Very English and Adorable!	What can I say? After staying at numerous townhouse\boutique hotels in London, this one by far stands out. The check-in was smooth and quick yet personable and friendly. The complimentary afternoon tea and scones were a nice treat and very pleasant indeed. The complimentary evening drinks were also welcomed. The room was newly renovated with a bright modern yet still a very traditional english decor. Location was great just a walk from either Paddington or Lancaster Gate stations or a quick walk to the west end or Hyde Park. Only issue I can think would be the lack of signage and the hotel being located on a leafy residential street kinda tucked away. Enjoy it!	
Apr 6 2007	london gem	my wife and i stayed in london at the end of march for 3 nights. we were on a rather indirect route from sydney to dubai. i did my research on your web site which is great but still came up with a long short list. i was encouraged by good reviews from other visitors and finally a good rate for a 4 poster bedroom with separate sitting room of 230GBP + VAT. there is nothing, after a long flight, quite like walking into a hotel lobby and then your room and experiencing that moment of enjoyment when you realize that your image of the hotel is matched by the reality. the hotel is lovely in every way. part of a white row of 5 storey mews buildings ( so typically london ) the building has been refurbished in the last 2-3 years ( ? ) it is maintained impeccably. the room was beautifully decorated and the king bed extremely comfortable. although there is no breakfast room we ordered breakfast each day and it arrived in not more than 5 minutes. on a tray of course but we had a sitting area to eat in. the breakfast was lovely and beautifully served. the service at the hotel is excellent. daniel and every other member of staff were professional friendly and added to the ambience of the hotel. the location is excellent being about 400 metres from lancaster gate tube and the northern entrance to hyde park. a morning walk across hyde park and you're in harrods ( for better or for worse ). and paddington station is just a few blocks away.all in all we highly recommend the hotel.rob mccourt	
Mar 21 2007 	Perfect	Hong KongDate:13 March, 07Reviewer: A tripadvisor member.I stayed in this small luxury hotel last year in Nov.06, I wrote a review on this hotel with not quite a perfect impression. I chose this hotel this time because talking about conveniency, it is second to none, and the iniside ambience, say the room, bathroom and the common drawing room is exactly the style I love it. The only little foible I concerned in my last review was the &quot;Sound insulation&quot; cas' we were given the basement that there were pounding footsteps in the late night and early morning.This time, my husband and I emphasized on an upper floor. (we told him our story last time). The one who received us was very cheerful and helpful, he saw to our question and offered us the 3rd floor. My husband and I had a very pleasant stay this time and our experience with this hotel can be concluded these ways.Staff: Very experienced, cheerful and always ready to help.Room: Perfect!! You will love to come back after a day's journey.Conveniency: Second to none. There are many restaurants  nearby and Paddington is just five mins walk away.Extra point added to the free Wi Fi in the drawing room area (Not in the room). Really beneficial to computer user.Will definitely choose this hotel next time I visit London!!	
Mar 20 2007 	Convenient comfortable...	The Royal Park is probably the most comfortable and placid hotel you'll find, en route from Heathrow into London after a long flight. It's only three blocks from Paddington Station, the terminus for the Heathrow Express. And it's a tiny oasis of traditional English comfort and calm, near the Lancaster Gate tube stop and only a block from Hyde Park. Traditional, in the case of this hotel, does not mean old -- bathrooms are sleek and modern, and many rooms are very quiet. The only downside is that there are no food or beverage services on site. There is breakfast on a tray to your room in the morning, but that's brought in from the outside, and any tea or coffee at other times also has to arrive from elsewhere, with at least a 10 minute delay. Caffeine addicts may not find this adequate...	
Jan 25 2007 	A very pleasant stay	I stayed at the Royal Park Hotel for one night whilst on business. Great location, about 3/4 mins walk to Lancaster Gate and same the other way to Paddington station.On arrival, you are welcomed by courteous and efficient staff reception staff.Getting into the room proved a little difficult with the traditional key (not swipe) but once you got the knack it was ok! You also had to buzz at the main door to get in each time which was a little frustrating.The room was small (even by London standards) but was exceptionally clean and of a high standard with a very comfortable bed. Excellent shower/bathroom a definite plus!The Royal Park is a stylish, warm and welcoming hotel and I would stay again in the future.	
Jan 20 2007 	Comfortable and convenient	The location of the hotel is really quite convenient, as Paddington Station is only block away, affording easy access to both the London Tube and Heathrow Express. Our room on the second floor was very quiet (probably benefiting from the middle-of-the-week, off-season stay) and was clean and very nicely furnished (bed, linens, toiletries, etc.). The staff was friendly and helpful.	
Dec 28 2006	Fantastic Spot	Had a wonderful stay at the Royal Park. The rooms are traditional, beautiful although not huge. The hotel is within walking distance to Paddington Station. Two huge thumbs up.	
Dec 22 2006 	Great room but where is the service?	- Arrived in late evening. We approached the front door of the hotel carrying our luggage. I thought the bellman would rush to the door to help us, but i had to ring the bell so they would open the door. Not the warmest welcome after a long traffic mess on the M5...- Approached the desk and no welcome greeting yet...- No welcome drink, scone, tea, etc. or any mention thereof that evening or the next day.- The bellman then appeared and was quite cheerful. Half the staff were friendly and the other half were indifferent. - Room appointments were excellent. Linens, bathroom, lighting, etc.- Room temperature control was poor though. Heater on maximum and still not reach a warm level.- Housekeeping excellent.- Internet price expensive, but reliable.- Continental breakfast in the room was fresh.- Very close to the Tube. - Several choices for places to eat around the hotel.In summary, the room was fine, but the service was not up to par. We stayed at the Kennard Hotel in Bath and the owners did their best to make us feel welcome. I was hoping for the same level of service here, but the welcome mat was rolled up...	
Dec 6 2006 	Best Hotel Experience EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	I absolutely LOVED this hotel. I cannot rave about it enough. I am very picky and have stayed in a lot of hotels and this one is by far my favorite. My husband and I stayed here on our honeymoon. From the moment we arrived, Ali the concierge made us feel so welcome and treated us like royalty. We arrived at 10:00 a.m., tired and jet lagged from our trip and our room was ready....we didn't have to wait for the normal check-in time. The room was beautiful, very clean, spacious, great London view, etc. Ali, and the rest of the staff, answered all of our questions about travel on the Tube, tourist attractions, places to eat, a trip to Stonehenge (which Ali booked for us), etc. The really made us feel at home. The location is great....two Underground stations, each just a short walk from the hotel. The neighborhood was beautiful. We found a restaurant called Raffles right around the corner where we got breakfast every morning. Good food, good prices and great service. My husband and I loved this hotel so much, we are definitely going back next year. I highly recommend it to anyone.	
Nov 27 2006 	Good stay at the Royal Park	We booked this on [----] for 150 sterling/night for four nights for a standard double- price included VAT and breakfast. Overall, we enjoyed our stay here. They did try and stick us in one of the basement rooms right off the bat, which was annoying, given that we were going to be there four nights - why try and put us in the worst room? Basement rooms are not good at all - at least the one we looked at was small, and had that dank, basement smell. We were then moved to a standard double on the 4th floor. On the small side, but very clean, and the bathroom was good sized. Hotel itself is quite pretty, though the staff is not super friendly. Breakfast in the room is a nice touch, as are the complimentary scones and tea in the afternoon. Location is quite convenient - we arrived late in the evening, and took the Heathrow Express to Paddington, and did the same for our early departure. We found some decent restaurants relatively close by, and access to the tube was obviously excellent. Overall a fairly nice place - though its been said many times, you certainly don't get much for your $$ in London!	
Nov 6 2006 	Good very good but.....	First the many positives. Beautifally clean and fresh. Nice quiet room with comfortable bed, smart bathroom and the mother of all power showers.Breakfast in bed was delightful, as was the afternoon tea. Young, friendly, and efficient staff. Top location, only 5 minute walk to Paddington, so easy access to all major tourist spots.On site parking is a rareity in central london.£30 per day but a big plus if you are driving .All in all then,a lovely quirky hotel,and we enjoyed the stay. However, at £160 per day,we expected a more professional response when we rang the hotel on our return home, after noticing that we had been charged for 2 cups of tea on arrival having been assured by the concierge that they were complimentary. The hotel promised to look into it and ring back. Six days later we are still waiting.I e mailed the hotel over the weekend,suggesting that they might at least give the 6 quid to the cleaners who do an excellent job.Might seem petty,and we will still be able to pay the mortgage this month, but in my view it's shoddy customer service	
Oct 15 2006	A Wonderful Hotel	All of the personnel were friendly, efficient and professional. The front desk personnel were terrific. These individuals were able to answer our every request, made superb restaraunt recommendations and ensured that our stay was perfect. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and look forward to a return trip in the near future.Daily breakfast, tea and champagne in the evening. Some of the best service we've ever had in London.	
Oct 3 2006 	A cure for jetlag!	I have been to London a LOT for business and have never quite found a decent hotel, even among standard business chains. I've never had a need to stay close to Paddington station before, but I am sure glad I did this time. I would definitely stay here again - I feel so strongly about it, that I'd be willing to stay there and transfer between a couple of lines on the Tube to get to a meeting. I was so comfortable at this hotel that I slept soundly for 10 hours the first night there--no sleeping aids required! As a result, I never experienced jetlag on the trip.The hotel has obviously been through a quality remodel, and it's extremely clean and super quiet. I wasn't sure if there were any other guests until I hung out in the lobby for a bit. The lobby, by the way, offers free wi-fi access. This hotel is in a cozy, tree-lined neighborhood across from a park. It's literally around the corner from Paddington, so you don't need a taxi.	
Oct 2 2006 	Relaxing weekend at Royal Park	After flight delays and a chaotic day we arrived at the Royal Park later and more tired than we hoped.The location is easy to find and within comfortable walking distance of Paddington.Our room was comfortable with a modern bathroom - a bit on the smaller side but we expect that in large cities. Probably one of the best mattresses we've slept on - and we are very persnickity.One negative - the windows are fixed not to open too far so if you are a fresh air fan...esp. a problem after a very hot, steamy shower.We really liked the breakfast service to the room - comfortable, romantic and alone.The personnel is mixed - some are fantastic and very, very nice. some are obviously very young and just learning.We only realized some of the &quot;perks&quot; on our last day - we were not offered a welcoming drink, nore saw anything about afternoon teas and/or evening canapees - maybe next time.We really liked the Royal Park because of it's size - not the huge touristy hotels with huge cafeteria like loud breakfast rooms.If you are looking for a relaxing quiet London location with personal service, this is it.	
Sep 27 2006 	Happy to stay again	My sister and I (in our 50's) stayed here 15, 16 Sep Room 407.Great room, not large but hey this is London. Quiet aspect but no view, suited us just fine. Got a good night's sleep in their excellent twin beds (twin executive room). Great linen and towels.Bathroom excellent with good amenities, no external ventilation withstanding. Air con worked well.Staff are young, European, full of enthusiasm and friendly. Breakfast in room was of good quality. Room service limited but good and timely.Noted the comment re restaurants, tourist traps and concierge service.. We utilised the hotel concierge for a minicab to Heathrow and have to say, paid a premium. Mind you we had a great driver and a Benz, so the the 50 quid did not hurt tooo much!For the price cannot fault hotel. Paid 140 pounds with breakfast.	
Sep 20 2006	Good Service and Very Clean	The Royal Park Hotel is located near the parks which are exquisite. The Hotel is attractive and most of the front desk personnel are helpful. The rooms while tasteful are tiny with poor ventilation and light(no fan or window in the bathroom) Street noise can also be heard. The elevators were broken often. They also refer you to restaurants which are tourist traps and overpriced..I wonder if they are paid a commission on these restaurants. No breakfast is included and there is no restaurant on site. Room service is prompt and the quality is good. The youthful staff is very accomodating and the hotel is immaculately clean. The public rooms are comfortable and nicely decorated.	
Sep 19 2006 	Lovely hotel in a residential setting	My husband and I were looking for a hotel in the Paddington area of London, and I came across the Royal Park in doing Internet research. After reading TripAdvisor reviews (and asking a friend in London to &quot;inspect&quot; the hotel), I booked a room for two nights in September.It truly is a lovely hotel, located in what originally was a residence (or two residences) and difficult to distinguish from its neighbors which remain in residential use. The rooms are very well-appointed and, while not large, entirely comfortable for one or two people. The bed was outstanding: lovely to look at and very comfy, with high-quality linens. The bathroom also was very nice. It had excellent water pressure and attractive fixtures. In addition to providing adequate hanging space, the closet held two bathrobes, two pairs of slippers, plenty of wooden hangers, a safe, and two extra drawers (in addition to those available in two antique chests in the room). We also enjoyed the high-tech, flatscreen TV.My husband and I have stayed in hotels in many cities, and I honestly don't think we've ever encountered staff people who were as friendly as those at the Royal Park. One of the concierges, Daniel, literally greeted us at the door whenever he was on duty. We made limited use of staff services, but those we experienced were excellent.The hotel isn't inexpensive, but it certainly is well-priced by London standards. We would highly recommend it.	
Jul 31 2006 	Absolutely wonderful place to stay	Stayed recently at this charming little boutique hotel and was delighted. Complementary champagne on arrival, free upgrade, friendly and pleasant staff, luxurious quiet room and air-conditioned which made all the difference! What more could you ask for? It’s a 4/5 minute walk from Paddington, so that’s 20 mins from Heathrow which for us was the reason for our stay before an early morning flight. It's not badly located for those wishing to explore London either, with good bus, train and tube links and several restaurants staying open reasonably late nearby to choose from, although room service looked more than tempting. Breakfast is served in your room. I don't wish to stay anywhere else in London now. I was very comfortable here and although the rate was £140, actually in the grand scheme of things it was very well priced compared to the alternatives on offer. In this instance, you really do get what you paid for which is unusual in London!	
Jul 12 2006	Ali - The concierge	The Royal Park Hotel in London is adorable. The rooms were quaint, warm, and inviting. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful, especially Ali, the concierge. Not only did he go out of his way for us by booking theater tickets and giving us the inside tips for secret restaurants and hot spots, but he made us feel completely at home and was genuinely concerned about our enjoyment of the city. I highly recommend this hotel and hope your experience is as wonderful as ours was.	
Jun 30 2006	Another Fan	I just spent two nights at the Royal Park. It was absolutely delightful. The location is three short blocks from the Paddington subway station. I was comfortable walking alone at night because of the activity and good lighting along the way. The rooms were small but very tastefully decorated. I especially enjoyed the thick, oversized towels and the silky smooth sheets. The complimentary room service breakfast with fresh fruit and fresh squeezed orange juice was convenient and delicious. But, most notably, the service was top notch. When I pointed out the subtle smoke smell in the first room I was assigned, I received an immediate apology and was given another room. I had numerous questions regarding events, activities and transportation directions. The staff was always helpful, and even cheerful when offering advice. When I inquired about internet service, I was provided a laptop to use during my stay. The one problem I experienced was that the wireless service was unreliable. However, the staff made every effort to repair the service and didn't charge me the wireless fee when they couldn't correct it. I will definitely recommend the Royal Park to my friends and will stay there during my next trip to London.	
Jun 10 2006	This hotel is the best	We just returned from our Honeymoon in London and we stayed at the Royal Park Hotel for 6 nights. I'm a real stickler for clean hotel rooms and this room was immaculate. They cleaned it thoroughly everyday so when we returned from sightseeing the room looked like it did when we checked in. I could not have asked for more in that department.The little touches were really nice too. They had heated towel racks and the toiletries were incredible! They were not your run-of-the-mill soap and shampoo. The towels were huge and soft, the bed was oh so comfortable. My husband really appreciated the electronic safe. The room service menu was delicious and champagne hour is a real nice touch. I can not say enough about the staff. They were the most professional, friendly and helpful staff we have ever encountered from a hotel. Everyday we asked questions about the city and they were always delighted to pull out a map and point us in the right direction. When we mentioned we wanted to visit Stonehenge, they arranged for us to join a tour. When we asked where to eat they gave the best recommendations. They arranged transportation for us from the airport to the hotel. They made our trip easy and very enjoyable. They really are the best. I was a little nervous about the location but it was perfect. Everything is so close to this hotel. There are 2 tube stations within a 3 minute walk (Paddington &amp; Lancaster) and the bus stops are everywhere. I highly recommend this hotel and know that when we go back to London we will always stay here.	
May 31 2006	Little Gem	I'd never heard of the Royal Park before our recent stay. However, it is a little gem of a place. We booked two rooms - for ourselves and a family member. We were fortunate enough to be upgraded to a suite but the normal double room was just as nice with a table and chairs as well as funky new TVs and luxury bathrooms. We had a rate that included breakfast - I wouldn't want to pay extra for continental but everything was very fresh and well-presented and lovely to have it delivered to your room so you can have breakfast in bed. What particularly made this hotel stand out was the way they looked after us. We were travelling with a 20 month old baby and I expected such a smart hotel to be a bit snooty about this. However, they couldn't have been more helpful. They provided a cot and linen for us and because we were having breakfast in our room, we could share it with our son without any problems (also saved having him rampaging around a quiet hotel dining room!). We had brought a family member with us to listen in to our baby monitor while we went out and the hotel put us in rooms opposite each other which made life easier. Although they have no restaurant, they have an excellent room service menu and our 'babysitter' enjoyed their dinner at a proper table in their room. They have parking directly outside the hotel and although they charge £30 for 24 hours, I would recommend this over trying to find a meter in the street and you have the added security of knowing your car is being looked at overnight. I would highly recommend this hotel for the comfort of the rooms and for the level of service, rare to be so friendly in such a smart hotel. I do not think this hotel is overly expensive - they do have some deals at weekends and compared to other central London hotels, many of which are pretty soulless, this is good value.	
May 31 2006 	Trip Advisor to the rescue again - Very Good Small Hotel	That's it. From now on I only stay at hotels with good Trip Advisor recommendations.After 10 days in Paris we found that our hotel there had not been booked for the final night so we decided to head to London prior to catching our flight home. We quickly scanned the Trip Advisor site and located this hotel, choosing it because it was near Paddington and thus we could easily catch the train to the Airport.What a wonderful and relaxing experience. We were treated impeccably well from the moment we arrived. I had indentified the wrong night (must have scrolled down by mistake) when booking yet this did not present the slightest problem upon check in. We were shown to a very pleasant room with all amenities as promised. The Hotel did not seem put out (as many are) that we were travelling with a small baby but rather were very welcoming.Although we were a few minutes past tea time, tea (complementary) was arranged. We went for a walk and the desk clerk was happy to suggest a route and show us on a map. We returned and ordered dinner along with our again complementary champagne. While the menue was not extensive - the food was fresh and well prepared. We tried to add a well deserved tip to the bill to be added to the room charge- not having pounds with us. This was cleary unexpected and considered unnecessary. The concierge offered to arrange transportation to the airport and it was handled so efficiently we decided to abandon our plan to take the fast train and to take advantage of the arrangements offered through the hotel. Our only disappointment was that we were not staying longer.We travel regularly on business and I would think are fairly discerning travellers. This hotel is a wonderful find and we will certainly stay there again. We've now utliized the Trip Advisor site several times and have always found the information &amp; recommendations to be an excellent resourse in a sea of unverified information.	
May 15 2006 	Small but Surprisingly Good	Thank you very much for Hotel-London and the Tripadvisor.com for recommending me such a fine hotel. I travel a lot and stay a lot in mostly 5 stars hotel, I think This Royal Park Hotel Paddington London is one of the finest I have ever stay, very special thanks to Ms. Ishita Arora, the Assistant Front Office Manager; she was so helpful during my whole stay, she even helped me to retrace my Visa card safely from a restaurant which I left behind after the dinner. Actually, all the staffs are doing very well, I can give most of them an A+ without any hesitation.The room is small but with all the utilties very handy, the beddings are all of top grade, the house keeping is doing a very fine job. I have special interest about the power shower, its just wonderful after a long day. I have no doubt in recommending this nice property to anyone visiting London.	
May 4 2006	location 	perfect location, very clean, we had a beautiful week of rest. the management is very kind	
Apr 26 2006	Great location for top attractions at the Royal Park London	Stayed recently for a short spring break. Great location and quality rooms all spotlessly clean. Lovely comfortable bed, no road noise (but could hear what must have been a family of rhinos wearing clogs upstairs). Generally a good night's sleep each night. Staff very helpful with nice touches such as complimentary paper, drinks and use of hotel brollies! Would recommend to friends and family.Bad points:Breakfast is very overpriced. Cereal, toast and coffee for 2 people was £20. I would recommend Patisserie Valerie about a 20 min walk.	
Apr 21 2006 	Nice feel but getting pricer	I have been a regular guest at the Royal Park since last year when I saw it reviewed on Trip Advisor. The rooms are very spacious as are the bathrooms and the staff are generally quite friendly. The hotel has a nice boutique feel about it.High points:Nice toiletries, great beds and linens, excellent quality room breakfast, great central location. The afternoon scones and tea are a delight as is the evening drink if you are able to take advantage. A fairly good room service menu for the size of the hotel.Low points:Views from room are lacking and the airconditioning in a number of the rooms is sporadic or non-existent. This can make it very chilly in winter but extra blankets are available on request. The baths or showers sometimes have problems draining, but the toiletries make up for that! My biggest gripe is that the room rate has increased significantly in the past couple of months and you can no longer get the cheap rate including VAT frm their website. In fact the cheapest rate for this hotel now puts it in the league of some international four star places in London. When considering the lack of other facilities found in such hotels, this becomes a little overpriced. I wouldn't normally be too fussed about this, but when I pointed out that I was surprised by the unusual spike in the price rate at reception on checkout, the receptionist was particularly snooty and said that I was getting a great rate anyway. Not true, it was previously £130 for an executive room including brekkie and VAT. Now the £130 doesn't include VAT or breakfast.So all in all, I have started looking around again for other places, but I do recommend the place as a good quality boutique hotel.	
Mar 30 2006 	Highly recommended	Just checked out of the Royal Park after three nights. I have travelled to London about 20 times in the past 3 years, this was my first stay here. I usually stay at one of the Hilton hotels near Paddington but they were full. The Royal Park is a lovely hotel in all respects. Small but luxurious rooms, nice bathrooms, quiet, perfect service and very close to Paddington station. It makes sense that it's ranked so highly in tripadvisor. If you plan on staying there, enjoy it!	
Mar 19 2006	I'd go back without a doubt	My first trip to London, we stayed at this hotel - and I thought it was a great location for getting on the Circle line. The rooms were great, that bathroom was NOT the size of a closet, and we were able to get internet access in room without issue. The location is peaceful, and the beds were comfy. The bathroom was also very clean and nothing was old or in need of repair. When I go back to London, I won't hesitate to stay here again - the staff was great. We got a great deal through Expedia.	
Mar 5 2006	Just great!	We had a great time at this hotel - there are not many times that you are struck by the very high quality of a hotel, this is one of those times!From the glorious &amp; elegant black entance door that slowly opens to reveal the immaculate drawing room and reception to the quiet corridors leading to your private and beautiful room, this is very good indeed.The lovely touches of a welcome sherry and tea with scone and glass of champagne before you go out are brilliant - all in the price!This hotel has parking out side but is £30 per night, the hotel does not have a restaurant or fitness, but I like that - it is simple in concept and elegant by design.Worth checking out the hotels website for late deals as well - you might get a nice surprise!The whole feel of the hotel is that it is very well looked after - perfect and high quality fixtures and fittings in the rooms and great bathrooms and breakfast in your room - very romantic indeed.	
Feb 7 2006	Best of the best in London	My mom and I stayed her for a long weekend to be with friends who live in the city. This is by far one of the best hotels we've ever stayed in. The staff is amazing, they are so friendly and very helpful. Nice location (as many other reviewers have noted), and for being in the city, our room was pleasantly quiet. Yes, you do hear people walking above you sometimes, but it's not enough to bother you. The afternoon tea and b-fast are 5 stars, it is a beautiful hotel.As other reviewers have noted, it is a difficult place to find. Before you go, please take a look at their website and print out their background page that includes a mini map of their location. I had to show taxi drivers it so they could locate the hotel. The reviewers have given great photos, especially of the front door of the hotel, as well as the church photo. Those are the best visual landmark to find the hotel when taking a cab or finding the hotel after walking around.	
Feb 6 2006	A wonderful hotel	7 of my family stayed at the Royal Park Hotel to celebrate my Mother's 70th Birthday. I had booked based on reviews from this website. We all really loved this hotel. Its immaculately clean and the interiors are really beautifully done. Its also really well located, a 2 minute walk from Paddington, but then also only a few minutes walk to Hyde Park and onto Knightsbridge and Harvey Nichols!However, what really made it stand out were the staff and their attention to detail, they really did make it so special for my Mother. I did read some comments on noise from other rooms - and yes I could hear noise from above, but I really wouldnt let you be put off by that! We will definetely be staying again next time in London.	
Jan 6 2006	Exceeded all expectations	I used the reviews on Trip Advisor to secure this hotel. My daughter and I stayed here for 5 nights over the New Year period (Dec. 29-Jan. 3). This was a graduation gift for her. I had planned this trip 6 months earlier. The concierge Ali was outstanding, personable, professional, and handled all my requests. I felt as if I knew him as a friend before my arrival. He was even able to secure a lunch reservation at Gordon Ramsey's restaurant when I asked in the fall! All the other folks were helpful and delightful. Ishita is a gem as well!The hotel was extraordinary! Clean, charming, great location and the most comfy beds!!!!! The bathroom was wonderful with two separate sinks. The housekeeping staff were outstanding.All our questions were handled quickly and with a smile.Complimentary afternoon tea was delightful as well as the evening glass of champagne and sandwiches. I would live here if I could. I will always stay at this hotel when in London and will recommend it to anyone traveling to London!!! They are within easy walking distance to two tube stops but the hotel is in a lovely residential area.	
Dec 20 2005	A gem near Paddington.	I'd long been looking for a good hotel near Paddington, an area horribly lacking in decent places to stay. The Royal Park is discreet, gives a friendly, personal welcome (a rare treat in London) and I would thoroughly recommend it. The rooms are nicely done, not huge but then this is London! Breakfast in our room was fresh and just what we needed. One final touch: the porter carried our bag half way to Paddington station - beat that for service!	
Dec 17 2005	Avoid this hotel	We are two professional couples in our sixties who have travelled extensively and stayed numerous times in London at hotels such as the Beaufort and the Cranley, as well as at some fine small clubs. Until this most recent trip, we have had wonderful experiences. This is the first time we have felt totally ripped off and treated badly at a London hotel. We stayed for four nights in rooms that were barely bigger than the beds. Access to the &quot;drawing room and library&quot; was limited by the hotel having rented them to some sort of business group, not something one expects to have to deal with at a boutique hotel.Breakfast each morning arrived on time but was rarely what we ordered. &quot;Pastries&quot; consisted of a single and very small sweet roll.Promised high-speed internet access came only after some discussion and a young employee, trying to be helpful, having to ask the manager for permission. The manager was unfriendly to the point of being virtually hostile. The &quot;flat-screen satellite television&quot; is about twelve inches.Nice sheets and fancy toiletry samples just don't go far enough to make this a worthwhile experience. At $275 a night, touted by the hotel to be a bargain package, in an inconvenient area, this is a hotel to be avoided.	
Dec 10 2005	Bliss!	I am a Londoner and this was second stay at this hotel. On this occasion I stayed at this hotel with my mother and two sisters (we were going to the theatre). If you like small boutique hotels (rather than the bland business class hotels) this is the place to stay in London. It is a beautiful Georgian house with fires in the lounge and reception area. When we returned from the theatre, my mother, sisters and I had hot chocolate around the fireplace. I was so happy that they thought that the Royal Park was fantastic as well.The staff are incredible friendly (believe me, this is rare in London) and the hotel is so clean! The famous sherry, scones and tea are a wonderful treat.I would agree with a previous reviewer that you will need to print out a map for the black cab drivers as the hotel is set back from the road and they seem to find it difficult to locate.	
Dec 5 2005	Extremely pleased	This was our first trip outside of the U.S. We planned a week in London followed by a week in NYC at the Warwick. We arrived in London at 7am from Texas so we expected to store our luggage before checking in at 3pm. When we arrived, the concierge helped us unload our things and insisted on bringing them inside for us. We asked if we could leave them until check-in but he said that he would have us in a room right now. In the next 5 days, we felt right at home. Everything was nice and spotless. The staff was very courteous and willing to do anything. The room was smaller than we're used to but we have no complaints. Everything was great as far as we were concerned. We stayed in NYC at the Warwick and really have no complaints but it doesn't compare to our experience at the Royal Park. I would go there again without hesitation.	
Nov 26 2005	Skip the Cranley and go their partner hotel the Royal Park	Once again, we had a lovely time in our second stay at the Royal Park. I would recommend this hotel to anyone seeking an immaculate, lovely spot with the comforts and personal touch of a small hotel. This is not a place for large hotel experience seekers and those wanting to be right in the action of London...it IS a place for people who appreciate a warm welcome, spotless and beautiful accommodations, easy access to Paddington and Hyde Park, and lovely touches like complimentary tea and scones, champagne and a charming breakfast room service. We were greeted warmly by Bryon, who went far beyond the call of duty to assist us with reservations, offer refreshments, run for taxis and simply check on our needs. For the second year in a row, we were delighted by the personal touch and warmth of the Royal Park staff. After a highly disappointing experience at The Cranley, the better located partner hotel to the Royal Park, we opted without pause to return to the Royal Park. These two hotels may look almost identical in their decor, but their similarities end there. In our experience, The Royal Park is the infinitely better choice of the two -- a welcoming spot, versus a cold shoulder.	
Oct 3 2005	Royal Park - Great Value Great Service	My husband and I recently stayed at the Royal Park for two days based on reviews found here and were not disappointed. The room was arguably the cleanest hotel room I have ever stayed in, especially the bathroom - so clean that I actually took a bubble bath both nights, something I NEVER do in hotel bathrooms.The rooms were spacious and the bed was fantastic, and the service at the front desk was friendly and would do just about anything for you. When we arrived (early in the morning, and they checked us in right away), someone accompanied us up to the room and must have spent 10-15 minutes going through the room in detail - where the robes were, how to use the phone, how breakfast was served, etc. It was excessive but very endearing and made us feel totally comfortable.We got a rate of 150 pounds per night, which we discovered was an absolute bargain for what other hotels were charging and based on how nice the hotel was (we met friends there who were at a Thistle that wasn't close to as nice as the Royal Park and cost about 50 pounds more per night). I have not a negative thing to say about the property except it's very, very hard to find. Our taxi driver struggled for a few minutes and friends who live in London who came to get us for brunch couldn't find it despite the fact that they got married in a church that was practically across the street. If you are going to stay there, print out a map that you can show to your taxi driver. It's also not the greatest location in London but close to a tube stop and Hyde Park was right there.All in all I would highly recommend this hotel - it's worth the money and just an all around fantastic place to stay.	
Oct 2 2005	Outstanding Hotel in London	(This is a long review.)My wife and I spent seven days at the Royal Park Hotel and enjoyed immensely the way the concierge staff treated us, helped us with our questions and even put in that extra effort to impress the hell out of us when least expected. The rooms we were in (and we saw two of them, which we will explain as you read on) were clean, comfortable and what I expected when staying in London. The location of the hotel is what sold me because of its easy acces to Paddington Station, which is less than a 5 minute walk, and Lancaster Gate Underground, which is less than a 3 minute walk.We returned from the Royal Park Hotel from my honeymoon and stayed in room 301 (see room key picture for proof). We were there Sept. 19-25. We got to the hotel early, around 10 am. I didn't know that check in was at 3 pm, so the concierge who was on duty that morning whose name is Ali (this guy rocks) let us into a room to freshen up. I think he got in trouble for it because they had to clean the room afterward. We were more than willing to wait in the lobby for our room. It was our fault for coming early. So plan ahead and remember check in at the Royal Park Hotel is at 3 pm. Don't expect them to help you out like they did for us. On the way up the elevator, Ali mentioned that we should ask for the complimentary sherry or whiskey when we check in. Ask for the complimentary things, you shouldn't have to, but ask anyway -- you paid for it! We were only in the room for a few minutes, but when we decided on leaving our bags downstairs to get familar with the area around the hotel in daylight, the staff was more than willing to keep our bags in a locked room next to the concierge desk. I felt completely safe with my bags there.We arrived back about 5 pm (after an afteroon at the British Museum) and checked in. But alas, I forgot to ask for the complimentary sherry/whiskey. We were given room 301 (see picture for proof). I've read reviews about the infamous room 307, which was right down the hall from us. I heard some noise from the people upstairs walking around, but nothing to complain about. The bedroom and the bathroom were both clean. The bed was comfortable and so were the pillows. The curtains kept the light out at night and during the day. The bathroom water pressure was what you would get in the U.S. and the hot water was constant. There were times when you got a rush of extra hot water for a few seconds. But not enough to burn you or to force you to adjust the water temperature while showering. The rack where the towels are hung is heated, which was way cool. It is a hot-towel rack, so you may want to keep little children away from it. We were given fresh towels each day. We brought our own toiletries. If you are relying on hotels to provide you with bottles of shampoo or soap, you will have traveled unprepared. The view from the room was cool, I wasn't expecting to look over a gratto or anything, but it was a view of London and I liked it. I didn't think to take pictures of the first room we were in, but it had the same bed and similar view out the window. The concierge staff at the hotel is competent and helpful when you ask them questions. Kudos go to Ali, who put us in a room to relax while we were waiting for check in. To Byron, for running (I am not making this up) from the hotel to the Lancaster Hotel three blocks away to give us our part of our tour bus ticket. It turns out that part of the ticket wasn't needed by the tour bus company, but Byron went way beyond what was needed. I was so shocked by his effort I forgot to tip him. I did tip him the next day to his gracious disapproval. The rest of the concierge staff helped us with where to eat, taking care of purchasing bus tours for us, how to get to places and what things we should do during our stay. There was one time where I felt one of the staff was kind of grumpy, but I just asked my questions and he answered it and off my wife and I went. Also, when we first got to the hotel, Ali ran outside to help us carry our bags in.The hotel locks the front door at night so as to keep out people not staying there. I liked this added security. It made my wife and I feel safe. Also, you can't leave with your room key. Actually, you don't want to leave with the key because it is heavy (and huge!). (see picture) Just leave it at the desk and pick it up when you return.The hotel is a little hard to find for a couple of reasons: 1) Street signs are hard to find (there usually attached to the buildings) and 2) We weren't familar with London or the area.So to help you people out there, I am giving you the directions we took from Paddington station to the Royal Park. Prepare to cut and paste.If you are coming from Paddington Station, exit to Praed St. We went out a big opening from the station directly from leaving the Heathrow Express train. It will look like a cobble street leading up to the outside. There will be a red mailbox on the left side of the entrance/exit and the Paddington Station Underground entrance on the right. When you get to street level, there will be a hotel on your right that is connected to the station. You want to go across the street and turn right keeping the train station and hotel on your right side. The first street you come up to is Spring Street. (This is the street where I could not find a street sign for and thus got a little lost the first time around.) Cross the street where the red and black pub is (I think it's called the Paddignton Station Pub) and turn left. The train station should be behind you to your left when you get to the other side. The pub on the corner has wooden tables outside and specials written on the chalkboard. (NOTE: Praed Street turns into Carven Street if you don't make the left turn.) Now, go all the way down the street until it intersects with a street called Sussex Gardens. Turn right on Sussex Gardens and there should be a row of houses on either side of you. You could probably see a church and a park directly ahead. Continue down this street staying in front of the row of houses on your right. Keep following the row of white houses, keeping them on your right as you walk down the street and get closer to the church and park that will be on your left. The park is called Sussex Gardens Park. Keep the row of houses on your right constantly even when the houses start to curve to the right right. The church and park will be behind you when you make that gradual turn. There should be a fence with bushes growing on them and trees on your left. The Royal Park Hotel will be the one with the gold placards on the white Romanesque columns. Written on them is the name of the hotel, Royal Park Hotel. The street on the other side of the trees, fence and bushes is Westbourne Terrace. If for some reason you get to the end of row of houses, turn around and go back toward the park and church and look again. I hope that helps. There will be a picture of the church and park from the side you need to be on. If you do get lost, ask for directions to Sussex Gardens Park, since this park is directly across the street from the hotel.Pictures of the hotel, room, bathroom, view outside the widows, the park and church directly across the street from the hotel are part of this review.This London hotel is well worth the price, and if you want to experience the city, stay at the Royal Park. My wife and I were extremely pleased by our stay there. We will go back there again. I would also use TripAdvisor again when researching hotels.	
Sep 19 2005	Loved the Royal Park	I recently stayed at the Royal Park for 4 nights in September. I chose this hotel because of the location to Paddington Station. It was great for an ealy flight out via the Heathrow Express. This isn't a hotel for you if you are looking for a resort type hotel. But perfect for you if want a very clean and comfortable place to stay. The service was outstanding! Breakfast was brought to our room on time every morning served on china with nice cloth napkins. The same for the wonderful afternoon tea. The bathroom was very nice with huge fluffy bath sheets. I was very satisifed and would stay there again.	
Sep 18 2005	My favorite noew hotel	This was our first stop on our UK and Ireland trip that we returned from yesterday. This hotel was the highlight of our lodgings. We had room 101 and were pleased with the size and heard no noise from other guests. The wondow faced the center of the block and was right above a little court yard that the staff used to take their breaks in. We did smell smoke from their breaks time to time but not strongly and we're very sensitive to that.The bed was wonderful, I think it may be the finest mattress I have ever slept on. Soft yet firm, the perfect pillow top. I wish I had one at home.The bathroom was spotlessly clean and so tasteful. I really enjoyed long showers in there. I also was blown away by the towels. I am a plus sized woman and I was able to wrap my self up in the thick bath towels. They were close to what we call a bath sheet in the US, what a luxury as were the slippers.We also loved the breakfasts with the cute little silver domes over our butter. We loved taking it in our room. It would have ben very welcome later in our visit as we were served the full English, Irish, Scottish breakfast everywhere else and craved something lighter like we had at the Royal Park. The staff was wonderful and very helpful.We were so glad that we canceled our original hotel and went with this based on TA reviews. This was the perfect hotel for us!	
Sep 18 2005	Nice but not a "luxury" property	Just returned from a 4-night stay at the Royal Park. I had purchased the 4-night package from LuxuryLink and was really looking forward to my stay given the reviews on this website and the association with LuxuryLink. I was sorely disappointed.This hotel is indeed pretty difficult to find if you are not very familiar with the Lancaster Gate area north of Hyde Park. It is in a series of white townhouses set off from main roads in a pretty non-descript street. After traveling for 16 hours, I was really looking forward to all the &quot;luxury&quot; touches that had been advertised by both the hotel and LuxuryLink. I am still waiting for them.There was absolutely no acknowledgement at check-in that this reservation was under the LuxuryLink program. After looking back at the LuxuryLink auction offer and comparing it with the hotels'website, the package did not offer anything &quot;extra&quot; than what the hotel already supposedly offers all of its guests. We were not offered the welcome drink of sherry or port. Granted, it was 9 a.m. London time and we likely would have declined but I thought it was pretty shabby that they did not even acknowledge that it was a perk of staying there. Could they not have offered to provide the welcome drink later on in the first day as a courtesy? This was just the beginning of situations throughout the stay where you practically had to beg for services that are standard at true luxury hotels.We were given Room 307, which has been mentioned before on this thread fairly recently. It is an executive double room with a king bed. Again, the LuxuryLink package indicated that a Four-poster king bed room would be provided if it was available upon check-in. They didn't even say &quot;I am sorry, but one is not available, is the executive double room suitable?&quot; We figured out that the ugrade was not provided as soon as we opened the door to the room. The room was OK, nothing to write home about. Surely not a luxury room in my opinion.The air conditioning never really cooled the room to temperatures we are used to. We had it set at its coolest setting and there were nights where we had to sleep without covers because it was uncomfortably warm otherwise. As previously mentioned with Room 307, you can hear EVERYTHING that the people in the room upstairs are doing. I heard this businesman's conversation one night verbatim, as if he were sitting on the other side of my room and not upstairs in his. You would have thought a herd of elephants were inhabiting the room upstairs by the amount of noise you heard. . .moving around, dropping things, slapping doors. The bathroom was fine. Shower pressure came and went in spurts resulting in a shower that was not truly relaxing. At least it was warm water, so I cannot complain about everything. The bathroom was, however, the site of the tackiest &quot;luxury&quot; touch this hotel afforded its guests. Yes, you have Penhalion products in the bathroom. But we had to call down to the desk several times during our stay because the housekeeping staff apparently does not feel it necessary to provide you with new toiletries if they see that you still have 1/2 or 1/4 of your current bottle of shampoo, body wash, etc. Tacky tacky tacky. As for the breakfast, it was delivered to the room on time in the mornings. You can select as many things as you want from a continental breakfast menu. This was probably my favorite thing about this hotel. The front desk staff at this hotel was uninformed and out of touch with the needs of &quot;luxury&quot; property travelers. One individual couldn't tell me how to get to a restaurant, even though I had an address and the closest metro stop to the location to provide him as start-up information. Another sent us to a slummy part of SoHo for dinner when we asked for a restaurant that had excellent food but was casual in atmosphere. The restaurant was right in the middle of the nastiest part of SoHo, reaked of smoke and the menu looked like it belonged at a Longhorn Steak Restaurant. As you came and went, the staff barely acknowledged you more than to hand you the key. I was starting to wonder if I smelled.The hotel is located a few blocks from the Lancaster Gate tube stop and a few blocks in the other direction from Paddington Station, where you can get the Heathrow Express to the airport.Overall, we were very disappointed with this hotel given the expectations that had been set by the hotel's own website and advertisements, as well as its association with LuxuryLink. We will definitely choose another hotel for our next stay in London. Decorating a place nicely does not a luxury hotel make.	
Sep 12 2005	Beautiful but noisy!	We stopped in room 307 at this Hotel on a Wednesday night to celebrate our anniversary. The hotel was immaculate, staff were excellent and the little extras that they gave us made us feel we were stopping at a top quality hotel. The only complaint that we had was the acoustics in the hotel. We were woken very early in the morning by the people in the room above us, and we could hear everthing ranging from the tv to them talking on the phone. It was was a real shame that this spoiled our trip as this is otherwise and excellent hotel!	
Aug 23 2005	Loved the Werthers and everything else	After a somewhat difficult time finding the Royal Park, as it is not that well know among London cab drivers and its outward appearance is not particularly opulent, we were pleasantly surprised upon entry. From the instant we arrived, we were treated like royalty by the extremely helpful staff. Our room was not only spacious for a European hotel room but also beautifully appointed with local treasures. Everything from the bed to the water pressure in the shower was worthy of a five star rating. The only downside to our entire stay was that the Royal Park would not allow a third person in the room.	
Aug 16 2005 	High service standards great attitude 	No need to go into more detail other than to support the many excellent reviews...This hotel achieves the simple perfection of high service standards, a great attitude toward its guests and good value for money. How easy it would be for others to emulate this combination, but how few ever seem to attempt it. The location of The Royal Park may not be the best in London, but it seems insignificant when you can enjoy the level of personal service available at this property. Other hotel managers and staff should be sent to The Royal Park for training!	
Jul 12 2005	A Simply Charming Hotel	A recently-renovated boutique hotel w/fairly small but lovely rooms and immaculate bathrooms. The staff was helpful and arranged for us to have breakfast and tea in one of the downstairs parlors rather than our rooms. (Our family of 4 was in 2 separate rooms.) Beds were very comfortable and linens and towels were spotless. Location (near Paddington) was convenient. One quibble: we were in London during the recent heatwave and rooms, while air conditioned, were still on the warm side. (Of course, few places in London are prepared for several days of 90-degree weather.) I would definitely return again.	
Jul 11 2005	Awesome	We can say nothing wrong with the hotel. It is spotless, well appointed and the staff was extremely attentive and helpful. The rooms are victorian small but wonderfully appointed. Ronan at the front desk made sure every detail was looked after. Highly recommended and would stay again.	
Jul 6 2005	What a Great Find!!!	I stayed at the Royal Park hotel for 2 nights in May. The hotel was absolutely beautiful. It is a small quaint hotel with a lot of charm and very comfortable. It was probably the best hotel we stayed at during our 3 week European trip. The hotel is located 3 blocks from Paddington Station, which makes for a very convenient commute from Heathrow Airport via the Heathrow Express. The neighborhood is great...with a variety of restaurants, pubs and stores...and Hyde Park is 2 blocks away! Can't beat the location...The hotel itself is beautifully decorated yet small...the staff are extremely attentive and helpful, with suggestions for things to do and where to eat! Our room was very clean, and the bathroom was beautiful! (be careful not to burn yourself on the tower warmer!!) THe bed was SOOO comfortable...I didn't want to leave!I highly recommend this hotel and would definitely stay here agaiN!	
Jun 30 2005 	Highly Recommended	We stayed one night here recently during a heatwave in London (the air conditioning in the room was superb) and were delighted! We booked via the hotel's own website and received a last minute price for an executive king, which was cheaper than any of the discount hotel sites. When you take into account what was included in the rate - continental breakfast served in your room, newspaper, scones in the afternoon, and champagne and canapes in the evening - we got a bargain! The room was large by London standards, huge king bed with good linen, flat screen TV, good storage and everything was spotless (believe me, I don't say that lightly, I've been know to moan about dusty light bulbs!). Staff were great, very warm and helpful. It took about 25 minutes to walk to Selfridges, what more could you want! We will be back and have already sent some friends to stay.	
Jun 20 2005	Fantastic place to stay	From the moment, we arrived I thought this hotel was going to be special. Firstly it's easy to find, straight off the A40 into London. A good start. Secondly a parking space directly outside (which costs £30) to leave the car for the whole of the weekend - a bargain in London.Then into the hotel itself. A gorgeous little hotel, with friendly staff and lovely rooms. They even brought the scones to our room.This hotel is fantastically located, a gentle stroll from Oxford street or a mere stones throw from Lancaster Gate tube, giving you access to the whole of London. I could go on for days about how great the hotel is but I'm sure that you are getting the picture. I will be back here.Lastly the hotel's own website gave me the cheapest rate of all the online sites (laterooms, lastminute etc etc). Plus included breakfast.	
Jun 15 2005	A wonderful place to stay	We booked a four night stay through LuxuryLink. Rather than treating us as &quot;second-class&quot; citizens, they upgraded us to a nicer room and allowed us to check in at 9am after an over-night flight. The room was wonderful, as were the breakfast and champagne brought up to our room every day. The staff couldn't have been more helpful, and the location was very convenient in terms of proximity to Paddington Station and the underground. We would definitely stay there again, and have already recommended it to several of our friends.	
May 11 2005	Great!	Great hotel, worth the money- very helpful and friendly staff, tasteful decor, and great location. Will definatley stay there again!	
May 7 2005	Sublimely Comfortable Rooms Fabulous Staff	My husband and I stayed at the Royal Park for 5 nights in September 2004. It was a divine experience. I've never encountered such a friendly and generous staff. The desk clerks were wonderful and the concierge was fabulous. This hotel did so many favors for us, I couldn't possibly list them all. We had only to mention a dilemma and they jumped into action to help us find a solution. We had a beautiful suite; the four-poster bed was supremely comfortable, the white linens crisp and fresh, the pillows plentiful and fluffy. The bed was a luscious cocoon of comfort. We could hardly bring ourselves to leave the room. Luckily they have a small but interesting room service menu, which was a welcome convenience and quite good enough. The breakfast was included in our rate and it was plentiful and tasty, brought each morning on a lovely tray. The bathroom was beautiful with very high quality fixtures, an enormous long tub, thick white towels, first-rate and plentiful toiletries. This is a small townhouse hotel, no grand lobby but nice small sitting rooms on the first floor. The location is quite convenient, easy walking distance to Paddington Station, Lancaster Gate tube stop, and Kensington Gardens. We traveled in England for 7 weeks and the Royal Park was certainly one of the high points of our entire trip. The only, and very minor, criticism was that at times the staff seemed a little disconnected, as in the left hand not knowing what the right hand was doing. The room service people, in particular, seemed a little off the mark. This never resulted in any real inconvenience for us; however, a stronger central management and better communication among the staff could have made this first-rate hotel experience even more enjoyable. We absolutely loved the Royal Park; thank you to all the staff for a marvelous holiday.	
May 6 2005	Fabulous Hotel	I booked this hotel after reading the reviews on Trip Advisor - and I am so pleased that I did.The hotel was fabulous. We had a double room which we found to be a good size [some reviewers found the rooms to be small!!], the bathroom is georgous and the mini penhaligan toiletries a real treat. I think this has to be one of the cleanest hotel rooms I have ever stayed in.The staff are friendly and accommodating but not over powering and breakfast served in your room is a real treat.The location is superb with everything you could need on your door step [Paddington Express, Underground Station, Hyde Park etc].Will definately return.	
Feb 15 2005	great boutique hotel	My family stayed at this hotel at the end of October 2004. What a treat! We had been traveling through various countries in europe for six weeks and arrived late in the evening. The rooms are exquisite and beautifully scented. Bathrooms are gorgeous, newly renovated and very clean with penthaligons toileteries. Beds had plenty of down filled pillows and comfy duvets. It was like coming home. The staff was very accomodating for breakfast and arranged for us to dine in the dining room as there was six of us. An absolutely perfect stay to the final few days of our vacation.	
Feb 7 2005	A Happy Holiday!	Our family stayed at the Royal Park Hotel just after Christmas through New Year's. We very much echo the positive feedback here on TripAdvisor, and would highly recommend this hotel for those in search of a cozy, neighborhood type of place. Our room was a one-bedroom suite so there was plenty of room for my husband, myself and our 10 yr old. Do take advantage of local restaurants, shops (snacks for the room) laundromat, and the UnderGround which is literally four blocks away. The staff, Peter especially, just can't do enough for you, and they always have recommendations (food, tours, what-to-do) readily available. We exchanged several E-Mails before leaving the States so restaurant reservations, tours, etc. were all in place before we arrived. When back in London, I expect this is where we'll return to.	
Jan 31 2005	Great Find/Wonderful service	My fiance and I stayed here from Jan 21-24th, 2005. We arrived on a red-eye flight at 8am, and the hotel allowed us to check in early without any complications. Our top floor room was small yet clean and well decorated. I read in other reviews that the advantage of the top floor is that it is quieter. My only complaint was that there was only a skylight in the room, which was a bit claustrophobic. True, we were paying one of lower rates, but the hotel was only 1/2 full. It was not a pressing issue. We were there to sightsee rather than spend all day at the hotel, so we didn't bother to change rooms nor mention it to the hotel staff. The lamps and recessed lighting (on dimmers) were really very nice in the room.The bathroom was huge relative to the bedroom. There was always hot water and great water pressure. The tub was deep tub/shower, except, the 1/3 stationary, glass partition was sort of odd rather than a shower curtain or sliding glass doors. The towel warmer was a nice touch.The hotel is right by Paddington Station, which made it an easy trip on the Heathrow Express. If you don't have a lot of luggage, you can easily walk to the hotel. Don't take a cab from Paddington, which we did. It was such a short ride; it was laughable. The Bayswater location has some restaurants and shops, and it is convenient to Notting Hill. You really have to hop in a taxi or on the tube to get to most places, though.The distnctive, standout quality of The Royal Park Hotel is the staff. They are very friendly, helpful, warm and accommodating. During our 4 nights there, we really felt very comfortable. The decor is traditional yet far from stuffy and the whole place has an unassuming grace. We missed the afternoon tea served in the parlors, but we did catch the champagne in the evening. The room service menu is limited but the food was very good and works for a late night bite. We ordered breakfast, as well, but realized it was far better and more economical to get our coffee/tea/croissant, etc. at the local shops. The fact that the hotel had a very decent rate (esp. with the dollar being so weak) was just an added bonus to this exceptionally wonderful, quaint hotel.	
Jan 9 2005	Great Hotel and People	My wife and I stayed at the Royal Park Hotel for 4 nights in December 2004. We highly recommend this hotel. I won’t duplicate all the positive comments the other guests have made on this site, but I concur. Additionally, we arrived at 8 AM and check-in was not until 3 PM. They had a room ready for us at no extra cost for which we were very grateful after a 10 hour flight from the US. The room is as others have described, very clean and new looking. The linens were top notch and the bed was very comfortable. All personnel were friendly and helpful. One thing. Ask for a room with no one above you. Some guests have complained of people moving around in the middle of the night making noise that comes through the ceiling. I asked and received a top room. Tea and scones, and champagne in the evening were great. Remember, London is expensive. Most things are about double as the same in the states when exchange rate is $1.95 or so per English pound. There are lots of places to eat around the hotel. There is even a McDonalds and Burger King within a 5 minute walk. We tried the continental breakfast at the hotel one time. It was not really worth 10 pounds per person. This breakfast was the only thing that was not superior during our stay at the hotel. However, I would gladly stay there again, anytime.Tips: Book a car through an internet site to pick you up at the airport. It will be cheaper than a taxi that costs 40+ pounds and the driver will meet you in the airport. Take the tube when you can. We took it to Harrods twice. We had to change trains twice each way but it beat an expensive taxi. Book theater tickets well in advance (at least 2-3 months). I also recommend the dinner cruise on the Thames. Lots of sights with music on the boat after dinner. Also, we always stay at an airport hotel the last night before our flight back to the States. This allows us to be at the airport without having to brave the traffic from London to Heathrow on the day of travel. I highly recommend the Crown Plaza Heathrow (the one on Stockley Road, West Drayton). It costs 3 pounds for the van ride to the airport from this hotel but the hotel is a large, American style hotel with large rooms. The bed was comfortable with a large bathroom. Plenty of room service and the burger was good.	
Jan 7 2005	A Great Stay - Thanks Tripadvisor	We had a wonderful stay at the hotel. Good breakfast, enjoyable tea in the afternoon. Friendly staff and we really like our room. Enough closet and drawer space and a large bathroom. A little bit out of the way, but not bad. Look forward to going back again. I mixed business with pleasure. Beware, high speed internet connection is over $20 per day.	
Dec 31 2004	A charming hotel	We stayed at this hotel in September 2004. I booked it strictly on reviews from this website, as I had never heard of it before. It was number 1 at the time. Upon arrival, it wasn't quite what I had expected. It was much smaller and unassuming. Despite whatever expectations I had, it was a lovely hotel which I would highly recommend. Our room, although small, was very clean, beautifully decorated, had fine linens, a comfy bed and gorgeous bathroom with Penhaligon toiletries. The view was not the greatest, as it overlooked a bunch of other buildings and rooftops, but perhaps this is what you'd expect in a large, old city. The staff were very friendly and we enjoyed champagne and crudites in the evening. Overall, I would certainly stay here again. It's a beautiful, small, quaint hotel that lived up to its good reputation.	
Dec 28 2004	Classy boutique hotel with great location	I stayed at The Royal Park for 10 nights in October 2004, based on the reviews from tripadvisor. I do like this hotel because of the terrific location and warm atmosphere but the service left little to be desired. I booked a double executive room and was given a twin room. When I complained, they finally fixed it 2 nights later. However, they made me look at over 5 rooms before they finally gave me the room I originally booked - they continuously tried to place me in a small, dark, basement room. Would I stay there again? Probably, but like the other reviewer stated I would be prepared to stay elsewhere if they refused to give me the room I originally booked. They need to get their act together.	
Dec 27 2004	Luxury in the City	We stayed at the Royal Park for three nights in November and were totally spoiled! The bed was so luxurious. And the little extras are marvellous. A great location from which to explore London. Definitely recommended!	
Dec 24 2004	cozy and quiet	My sister and i stayed for 4 nights (10th-14th of Dec) through a auction bid we had won on luxurylink(this is the best rate/offer you will find)that included an executive room with all taxes, continental breakfast, complimentary canapes, tea, and champagne in the hotel lounge. The best thing about our stay is that it was quiet, great beds and linens to sleep on( i don't think i have ever had a better sleep), and the slippers bathrobe, hot pressurized showers and warm fluffy towels with mini toilettries were really a great bonus after a full day of seeing the sights. Breakfast was also very generous in terms of proportions and is served in your room. Hotel location is another bonus; hyde park/kensigton, oxford street, oh and the metro is right at the end of the road( use the metor to get around london very convenient and takes no time at all to understand). Peter at the reception is the person that really stood out as the friendliest when we were there and his assistance in all matters was really great. Our room was cozy with its own sitting area that also had an additional flat screen besides the one in the bedroom area. If you like small, cozy, intimate hotels this is the best place to come to. Will be back for sure if i am ever back in london on vacation. the only problem i had was during check-in, the staff were a little confused and unorganized they even forgot to offer us our complimentary drinks. Our room was also not ready even though i had contacted the reservations prior to my arrival to indicate that we will be checking in early. but this was resolved an hour later and did not interfere with our overall experience with the hotel. Enjoyed this hotel more than the cranley(sister property) because of the quiet factor.	
Dec 13 2004	Nice Hotel - with a Caveat	Based upon the reviews on this site, my wife and I stayed at the Royal Park hotel for six nights. With a caveat, it was an excellent stay. We booked an Executive Double with a King size bed through the Romantic Getaway package. The room we eventually got was average size, with high ceilings and absolutely immaculate. The bed was perfect, plenty of storage, flat screen tv, etc. The bathroom was modern with a great shower. Maid service was perfect. The only nits to pick with the room was that there is no clock, only one sink in the bathroom, and the hair dryer did not have an outlet in the bathroom. It was a ground floor room, with a view of a brick wall, but someone has to have a ground floor room. The continental breakfast was included and was very good. The afternoon tea and scones are as advertised as was the evening champaign and canapes. The concierge and desk staff, with one exception, was helpful, knowledgeable and friendly.Now the caveat. We arrived early, around 11:00 a.m. After waiting in a study, we were led to room 107. It was extremely small, with a double size bed. There literally was no room to walk around the room. According to the book &quot;Best Loved Hotels of the World&quot;, the Royal Park has 2 single rooms, 15 doubles, 18 Executive Doubles/Twins 2 Four-posters and 11 suites. This room was a single. When we complained to the manager, we were shown a double, but with a queen size bed. It was a standard double. The manager tried to tell us that this was a king size bed. I told the manager that we had stayed at in London on at least four other occasions and had king size beds, and that the two rooms we were shown did not have a king size bed. After about a ten minute delay, we were finally shown the room we stayed in, which is what we reserved: an Executive Double with a King size bed. I understand that it may be standard operating procedure at many hotels to attempt to downsize a customers reservation. It is not unique at the Royal Park. However, they should deliver what was promised at the agreed upon price. If we hadn't made clear that we were prepared to go to a different hotel, we would have been relegated to a single standard room from an executive double with a king size bed.Why the five star rating? Because if you get what you bargained for, the Royal Park is superb. If you do not get what you bargained for, it is a zero. The next time in London, I will make reservations at the Royal Park. However, I will have checked websites before getting on the plane and have a back-up plan.	
Dec 12 2004	Royal Park - Thanks Tripadvisor	Like many of these reviewers we based our honeymoon hotel on reviews in Tripadvisor. We were not disappointed. The Royal Park's staff is terrific, the perks are great - yes you may need to ask for the champagne but it is quickly and gracefully provided -, the rooms small but terrific and the location can't be beat. Thanks Royal Park for a wonderful visit.	
Dec 8 2004	Royal Park Hotel	We stayed here in Oct. based on reviews here. It was great. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Location of the hotel was great for walking and the tube. There were 3 adult women and we stayed in a one bedroom suite, which was very small-but I guess all the hotel rooms are in London. The afternoon scones and tea was a great break! Plus you can have them in your room if you want. The beds were EXCELLENT!	
Dec 6 2004	Great Location Great Hotel	I have been traveling for over 25 years in over 49 countries, and this was one of the most pleasant hotel stays I have ever had. Taking this website's recommendation, I was booked several times at this hotel in early October during stays in London. I was traveling on business and so I would have to leave for a day here or there for meetings in other parts of Europe. The staff was extremely helpful with doing laundry and keeping my bags while I went out of town. Whenever I cam back to the hotel it was like coming home. All the staff knew my name by my second stay, and even upgraded me for free when there was availability. Every evening I enjoyed a glass of champagne with canapés, and there was no negativity about this. My room was plenty large, everything was in working order, and very new and clean feeling. Other hotels in London, with larger rooms do not feel is clean or new. I held business meetings in their dinning room, and there was no charge for this and the staff was very flexible when meeting times would change. There were many recommendations for local restaurants from the front desk. The staff is very friendly and professional. The other great fantastic feature of this hotel is the location. If you fly into Heathrow, you can take the Heathrow Express directly to Paddington Station, 15 minute ride. The Royal Park is a 3 minute walk from there, just around the corner! From Heathrow to your hotel in 20 minutes!!! This is unheard of in London. Also, if you like to jog and work out, there is a free membership at a very nice gym just a 5 minute walk away. It has a pool, hot tub, lots of free weights and cardio, nautilus, steam and sauna!! I don't think many people even know this about this hotel. Also, Hyde Park is a 2 minute walk away which has endless jogging and walking paths. This hotel is not a Hilton or a Renaissance Marriot. The hallways are tight and every room uniquely designed. Some of the floors creak a bit and there is no gigantic lobby to hang around in (although the parlor is nice and cozy). My room was impeccable all the time. All my laundry came back perfect, and I didn't make it easy for them. Often I would leave for a couple of days and say &quot;all the clothes in the closet are dirty, could you have them cleaned for when I come back in a few days.&quot; When I came back all the laundry was in my closet, all perfect, nothing ever missing. The only improvement I suggest is extending the room service menu. Although, for such a small hotel (40 rooms I think) to have 24hr room service is a feat in itself! Great job Royal Park! I will definitely come back &quot;home&quot; on my next trip in January!	
Nov 30 2004	Fab find	I discovered this hotel on this website and based on the reviews took a chance. It was everything I was seeking: great location, beautiful hotel, romantic, and wonderful personnel. I had requested a four poster bed for a romantic weekend over Thanksgiving. This trip was a surprise for my significant's birthday. We only had one glitch but it was corrected as soon as I explained my hopes and expectations. Upon arrival I was shown a room in the lower level which was quite small and faced the brick wall. I have been told by other hotels the best rooms are reserved for those booking directly through the hotel's website. I had booked the room through Hotels.com and received a discounted rate. No matter, the staff were accommodating and responsive; they provided an upgrade. We received a junior suite on the second floor with a sunny view. This hotel provides ambience and service, service and more service. They booked our dinner reservations, flagged taxis, and made excellent recommendations. The little extras are such a treat: afternoon tea, champagne before dinner and hors d'oeuvres. We plan to go back to London and we'll definitely plan to stay here again.	
Nov 29 2004	Great find!	We stayed 9 nights at the Royal Park and found it to be a wonderful choice for us. The bed was very comfortable with lovely linens, the towels were thick and thirsty and the room was very clean and well decorated, though small. We had hot water and found the staff friendly contrary to other tripadvisor reviews. They did not offer us whiskey on arrival and we did have to ask for the tea and champagne but they always brought it and we just decided that was what was expected. The hotel is very close to Paddington Station. (Same block as the Pride of Paddington Pub which is just across the street from the station. Opposite side of the block) It isn't that easy to find since it looks like all of the other townhouses on the street, but it is well located for two tube stops and Hyde Park.We did hear noises from the people above us, but it didn't keep us awake. We would stay there again.	
Nov 23 2004	Decent 4 star hotel	Stayed on night at the Royal Park, got the best weekend-deal from their website (1 night for 117 GBP). I arrived quite late and their online credit-card system was not working. That was not very professionel but at least they offered me a drink. Room was excellent and even for a 4 star hotel above average. Breakfast was quite nice as well.  All in all the Royal Park is a nice 4 star hotel, nothing more and nothing less.	
Nov 21 2004	Don't go	Don't belive anything of the good reviews. This hotel is overprized with a bad location. Most of the staff are rude (not everybody. Daniel was very nice) and not willing to help you. They don't smile and it looks like they don't like to work in a hotel. You are not offered whisky/sherry when you check in and you have to ask for the tea and champagne. When you ask they act like they don't understand what you mean. The bed is very nice and the room are very clean. So is the bathrobe and the slippers, but that's all. Nice to have breakfast in room. I really regret that I picked this hotel for me and my boyfriend. I will never ever stay at this hotel again.	
Nov 19 2004	Convenient clean and comfy	I booked this hotel based on the recommendations at this site and don't regret it. I stayed for 2 nights at the end of October and the staff were friendly and helpful. The room was small for two double beds, but it was clean and the beds were comfortable. The safe didn't work at first, but it was fixed soon after we notified the front desk (battery had died) - note: you can lock it with any card that has a magnetic strip, so use your driver's license if you don't want to use a credit card. The bathroom was clean and shower had good water pressure. Contrary to some reviews at this site, I always had hot water. The elevator was very small, but fit three people plus luggage. The hotel is about two short blocks away from Paddington station so it is convenient. I would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 18 2004	Lovely hotel if you don't mind noise from above	Just returned from a three night stay at the Royal Park Hotel. Excellent location for access to Hyde Park and the Tube. Daniel the conceirge was amazing and managed to book us fantastic theater tickets to a sold out show. The staff was friendly and accommodating. Room decor was lovely and although others had said the rooms were on the small side ours was quite roomy and the bed was very comfortable. Our major complaint with this hotel is the noise from the rooms above. You can hear every footstep and creak in the floor boards. If I stayed here again I would request a room on the 5th floor in the back of the building. The hotel offers sherry upon arrival and a champagne and canapes service in the evening but you won't get it unless you ask which seemed odd to me. There is also a tea service but we were never at the hotel during that time. Overall a lovely hotel if you don't mind the noise.	
Nov 17 2004	Not Impressed	This hotel is nothing to write home about. I agree with the other reviews. During my trip in October, I was without hot water, the room was freezing cold and there was no apologies for either problem, other than maintenance would &quot;look into it&quot;. The staff for the most part were friendly and helpful. The rooms are very small, with no alarm clocks and the bathrooms are poorly designed. Sorry, spend your money at the Victoria Park Plaza Hotel for double the room size and half the price. I booked my room based on this web site and standards in the hotel must have dropped dramatically.	
Nov 2 2004	Absolutely wonderful	Stayed three wonderful nites at RPH: 60-second walk from Hyde Park; incredibly professional &amp; friendly staff; ideal neighbourhood; delightful rooms (Executive Double); well worth every pound!! ENJOY!!	
Oct 28 2004	Suberb experience	Stayed at the Royal Park hotel with my boyfriend in October. It was a surprise trip for his 30th birthday. Everything was perfect! The staff was attentive, helpful and even surprised him with a bottle of champagne on his birthday that i didn't even arrange for! We stayed in a lovely four poster bed and the room was nicely decorates and very spacious. The best thing with the hotel was the location- so close to Hyde Park and very easy to reach from Heathrow with the express train. I do not understand other peoples bad reviews of this place. You can not get better value for money in London! Complimentary afternoon tea and glass of champagne in the evening was all suberb extras! I am hoping my boyfriend will take us back on my 30th birthday!	
Oct 27 2004	Don't believe the hype.	I'm glad to see some others that don't agree with the raving recommendations.My husband and I just returned from our &quot;last real vacation&quot; before we become parents in January. We wanted to splurge on the whole event and, based on the reviews on tripadvisor, I thought this would be a nice place to stay. To start, I was surprised how stingy they were with the toiletries. I could not get a bar of soap for both the shower and sink, and they did not give me a new bar the whole week. With the shampoos and conditioners they would only give you a new one if you were COMPLETELY out of the old. Seemed such a silly thing to be stingy about.Other complaints: The shower was lukewarm to cold some mornings. There is no alarm clock and it was sometimes difficult for me to contact someone for a wake up call. Our tub didn't drain well and we had to stand in water while showering. The noise at night, with people going up and down the stairs, woke me several times. Some of the restaurant recommendations from the concierge were laughable, but a couple were decent. The positives: It is a nicely decorated and comfortable hotel. The tea and scones were a nice touch. The staff was very nice, they even switched our room because of someone smoking (heavily) on our floor.Overall the Royal Park was okay; not great, not bad. My negatives are only petty little things that made the experience a little less than what I had hoped for. I paid $370/night for an executive double. I don't believe the experience was worth the price, but it is the exchange rate that hurt me. If I were to pay $200/night I might consider staying here again.	
Oct 24 2004	Standards must be slipping....	I have to say I was dissapointed, I booked this hotel as a treat for my wife in celebration of our wedding anniversary. Having read all the rave reviews on this site, we were very excited at the prospect of feeling pampered in 5 star luxury. It certainly did not come up to either I or my wiife's expectations.Arrived having walked up and down Westbourne Terrace 3 or 4 times trying to find this place, the only thing that gives you a clue that this place is a hotel is the 6&quot; x 6&quot; brass plaque one of the pillars that you cannot even read from the pavement! The interior of this hotel is very nice, very traditional but because it has been recently refurbished it is not at all shabby and actually feels new. Upon check-in we were NOT offrered the &quot;complimentary&quot; glass of whisky or sherry and not wanting to be a cheapskate and get off on the wrong foot I let this slide. We were shown to our £200 &quot;4 poster suite&quot; which was actually the size of a small standard room in most hotels I have stayed in before. It was decorated very niceley with a very good quality 4 poster bed, however to call this room a suite was just plain exageration. There is a &quot;complimentary&quot; afternoon tea served between 3 - 5pm but as we were making our trip in London to see the matinee showing of a West End show, we arrived back at 5.15 pm, we asked if it might be possible that we could still have the afternoon tea and were refused (so much for going the extra mile !!) We returned to our room to find that there was only luke warm water in which to bathe. Then came the &quot;complimentary&quot; Champagne and apperetiffes, we had to ask for them to be provided, if they are supposed to be available why not make it easy and less embarrasing for guests by asking them instead rather than the other way around, but having missed out on the other two &quot;complimentary&quot; perks I decided to swallow my pride and ask anyway, the champagne was gorgeous, ice colled and not too dry, the apperetiffes were 4 postage stamp sized slices of stale bread with a miniscule slice of salmon on two and some cream cheese on the other two, not praticularly impressive. We went out for a meal at the &quot;Ask&quot; pizzeria just round the block which was excellent value for money with great service, even though it is a chain restaraunt. We returned to the room and settled down in the very comfy bed, howvever a good nights sleep was definatley not what we got, we must have been woken up 5 - 6 times in the night by the sound of people stamping about upstairs. The room became unbearably hot and it was then that we found out that the air conditioning was not working, I literally had to open the window even though we were on street level, so that some fresh air could be let in of course I could not sleep until I closed the window again as we could have had anybody climbing in through the window! In the morning there is no hot water, this time it not even lukewarm, just cold, so I had to have a cold shower and walk off into the a late octobers morning in England (you know what I mean!) The final frustration on checking out was the I found out that the special rate I had found via the Travelocity web site did not include VAT so I had to stump up an extra £35.00 on top of the VERY overpriced £200 I had expected. My final little whinge is that they have parking at the hotel but that is £30.00 per night I know London parking is expensive but that just takes the buscuit! Usreley it shoud be free for paying guests or at least made to be a nominal charge. If you insist on staying at this hotel, make sure you park at the Paddington public car park which works out to be £22.00 per 24 hour period.Overall this is a niceley decorated hotel that could be simply superb is let down by less than attentive staff, poor soundproofing and what must be the original plumbing/hot water heating! I also notice that in the last week or so several bad reviews have been posted on this hotel, maybe they have taken thier eye off the ball!Not recomended.	
Oct 24 2004	Our best hotel stay ever!	We stayed in room 205 from october 20th to 23rd. We booked this hotel since we read all the good reviews on this site and we were not dissappointed at all. We made our reservation through travelocity, but when we arrived the hotel staff could not find our reservation. Still, they immediately got us a room similar or better to the one we had booked. Excellent service.The room was, simply put, outstanding. It was quite spacious and the bed and bathroom were both great. We also had a small adjoining room (it was a suite) where we enjoyed our breakfast and complementary afternoon tea. Room service was prompt and very nice. Both the bedroom and the adjoining room had flat screen televisions. I also had use for the broadband internet connection and it worked great. All this for GBP200 a night!On out first night we asked for restaurant recommendations, and we were sent of to Island restaurant, just a few steps away. It was fantastic. The food and wine was excellent; so much in fact, that we went there a gain for our last night. Great food, excellent service and for a reasonable price. Highly recommended.Our concierge Daniel was great. Always helpful and spot on with his recommendations.We will most certainly be back to this hotel i London for our next visit there.You won't find better value for money than this in central London.	
Oct 21 2004	Average at best	We just returned from our stay at th Royal Park Hotel. I must say this hotel is average at best. You can hear the people above you stomping around. Every morning the hot water would turn luke warm. I also have a recommendation for the hotel &quot;mini bar&quot;. The restaurant recommendations by the staff were horrible. Unfortunately, I booked this hotel because of the reviews on this site. I would not stay at this hotel again. I will also never book a hotel by the ratings of this site. The people writing the rave reviews of this hotel must of been high.	
Oct 20 2004	friendly efficient...good choice!	My daughter and i stayed here for 2 nites. i chose the hotel based upon trip advisor reviews. this hotel was a great value in a very expensive city. our room had adequate space, was efficently laid out, and had some nice extra touches (bathrobes, slippers). the staff was friendly, helpful, courteous. the location is good...walk easily to the tube and to paddington station. my daughter and i also stayed at a 5 star hotel in rome on the same trip. it was nothing but a hassle from the moment we checked in. the royal park was a much more pleasant experience!	
Oct 20 2004	A few problems	I booked a room with a queen four poster for my parents (a 49th wedding anniversary trip) based on the reviews here. While they are a bit hard to please, I was very disappointed to learn that they did not get the room I booked. The bathtub had a hump in the middle that made it difficult for my mother (5' 4&quot;) to stand upright. Worst of all, for most of their 12 day stay, their sleep was interrupted by people stomping around in the room above theirs (my father thought they had a card game going on). No accommodation was offered when they complained. My parents were not pleased with their stay and contemplated moving to another hotel. They elected to stay because they were too exhausted from touring each day to move.	
Oct 13 2004	A really great stay	Just got back from three nights at the Royal Park. I'd stay again and recommend it highly. With the prices in London so high, this hotel was a very good value. We stayed at this hotel October 9-12, 04. I booked it based on reviews on this website and we were not disappointed. We've had mixed luck in London in the past and we we both breathed a big sigh when we entered our room. The room was beautifully appointed, just enough space. Everything was high quality and five star standards. Great beds, Frette sheets, soft robes, good fixtures, great TV, great lighting. The staff was charming. I ordered tea in the room in the afternoon and there was no charge. Very civilized. There are shops and restaurants close by, but the hotel is tucked just out of the busy area and with the extra soundproofing in the hotel, there is no noise. What's not to like? The location is so convenient, on the edge of Sussex gardens, a block from Hyde Park and Lancaster Gate Underground. We walked two short blocks to Paddington Station to pick up the Heathrow express on the way out. I look forward to going there again.	
Oct 8 2004	Completely agree!!!	Completely agree with all the other rave reviews! Beautiful hotel, great location, excellent, friendly staff! Stayed for 3 nights in 3rd week of September. Their weekend package for an executive double room inclusive of continental breakfast was a good deal for a good-sized room with a king bed. We're only sorry we spent such long days sight-seeing that we missed the afternoon tea and evening champagne!	
Oct 5 2004	The one of the very best hotels I've stayed at in Europe.	We stayed at The Royal Park Hotel for 10 nights in September 2004. The hotel was really beautiful, full of antiques. Our room was a nice size and very romantic. At home we have a very expensive mattress and its hard to sleep in hotels. My husband and I slept like babies! They have really good mattresses and their bathrooms are really nice. The fixtures are top notch. The water pressure was great. The flat screen TV was a treat. The staff was incredible. Every time we walked through the door, they smiled and were soooooo nice. Daniel Turnbull, Jerry, Ronan, Adriana, Karen, and a gentleman who's name escapes me from Holland was wonderful. The housekeepers are all these cute girls from Lithowania (Spelling?) who are so sweet. The afternoon tea was really yummy and so was the scones. There is 24 hour room service also. Around the corner is Caffe Nero. Forget Starbucks. It's really bad in the UK. Caffe Nero is the best. Also, ladies 2 blocks away is a great accessories store called &quot;luleu or lelu&quot; it's across from Paddington station. Paddington train station and the tube is 2 blocks away, so is Lancaster Gate tube station... It is a great location to get around. I am a former inkeeper and would never stay anywhere else!	
Sep 18 2004	A Perfect Retreat	Spent three days in the second week of September, and found the Royal Park to be the perfect place to unwind after long days exploring London. While the rooms are smaller than usual by American standards, they are so perfectly appointed and maintained that I would bypass other four and five star hotels with larger rooms to stay here again. The rooms highlight the wonderful bed(s) and linens, and then surround them with antique furnishings that are both beautiful and functional. The staff was always gracious and helpful, and I found the hotel truly lived up to the rating it has here. I'm grateful to Trip Advisor for allowing me to discover this wonderful gem.	
Sep 14 2004	Very Convenient for Business	Found a great rate on the Royal Park Hotel from Luxurylink.com and found it was easy to book. The hotel is only a few blocks from Paddington Station, which hosts the train from Heathrow (the absolute best way to get into London). That alone give the hotel a leg-up. It was further convenient to the Tubes for Paddington Station and Lancaster Gate. The only drawback was the room we had was rather small and the place is not super-equiped for business, but given the small size, it was easier to make sure faxes did not get lost.	
Sep 9 2004	Wonderful place to stay	This is a wonderful hotel, very conveniently located, although a little hard to find at first since it is set back from the street. My husband emailed that we would arrive early, but we never expected a room to be ready at 8AM on a Sat.; yet they had one ready for us when we arrived. The room itself was very comfortable with a big bed and deep tub and very clean. Breakfast came with our package and was very filling. Staff there was incredibly helpful. Location is easy for everything, with two tube stations nearby. Nice neighborhood, too. I had a very early flight and was able to walk from the hotel to Paddington Station for the Heathrow Express with no problem at 5 AM. Highly enjoyed my stay.	
Sep 8 2004	It's all true!	My mother and I stayed here in the beginning of September 2004. Everyone else has said it all. This place is wonderful! We got a weekend rate of 135 pounds (+vat) including breakfast. All rates include afternoon tea and scones from 3-5 and evening champagne and canapes from 7-9 (either in your room or the drawing room). This is definitely a 5* hotel. The concierge actually showed us to our room (a twin-executive room on the fourth floor with windows overlooking a nearby street/houses). Everytime we walked into the lobby the staff would stop what they were doing to greet us. There is a continental breakfast option (it was included in our rate, but the price is 10 pounds) which included tea or coffee, fruit, cereal, yogurt, toast/croissants/pastries, and juice. It's the kind of thing where you hang your order outside your door the night before and they bring it to you at your specified time the next morning. The staff was ever so helpful for finding out show and restaurant information, and anything else we asked for. Evening turndown service is wonderful! The house keeping staff was even better. They would organize all our belongings we had left out every day (i.e. turn lotion bottle so that it faced forward on the counter). It was the tiny things that made the difference in this place. It is close to Paddington, we walked to the hotel from there with all our luggage (but I wouldn't suggest this!). Very close to Hyde park. Extremely safe area too!	
Aug 10 2004	Brilliant	We stayed here on August 2nd for 3 nights with our 4 year old daughter. Hotel was fabulous - Spotlessly clean, beautiful beds, robes and slippers for us all, flat screen t.v., complimentary champagne in the evening, tea and scones in the afternoon, newspaper in the morning, friendly and efficient staff.... need I go on!! definitely recommend this hotel to anyone. We will definitely return. A true gem in London.	
Aug 4 2004	#1!!		
Jul 24 2004	Fantastic hotel		
Jul 21 2004	Great small hotel		
Jul 14 2004	Fabulous time at the Royal Park Hotel		
Jun 28 2004	Loved it great London hotel		
Jun 22 2004	loved it!		
Jun 2 2004	Great Rooms Great Staff		
May 17 2004	Fantastic Hotel		
Apr 13 2004	Hospitality at its best		
Mar 31 2004	Wonderful welcoming comfortable		
Mar 31 2004	Trato amable pero con algunos problemas		
Nov 16 2009 	Un hôtel de haute tenue		
Sep 15 2009 	Todo un hallazgo		
Sep 14 2009 	?????????		
Sep 11 2009 	Un hotel encantador		
Aug 23 2009 	Charmant...		
Jul 31 2009 	??????????		
May 3 2009 	impeccable!!		
May 1 2009 	un Hotel muy especial		
Apr 16 2009 	Hotel Royal Park - London (consigliato!)		
Feb 14 2009 	Come in una casa privata		
Nov 7 2008 	El secreto mejor guardado de Paddington/Bayswatter		
Nov 2 2008 	Très british		
Jun 11 2008 	hôtel mignon accueil plutôt froid		
May 25 2008 	Ottimo hotel in posizione favolosa		
Apr 3 2008 	Fine hotel in London		
Jan 21 2008 	tres elegant		
Jul 17 2006	déouverte de londres		
