	Decent budget hotel for this location	I stayed at the Cherry Court hotel for two nights in September. On the first night we stayed in a room on the 1st floor, on the 2nd night we were moved to a room on the 2nd floor. The rooms were extremely small and very basic, just a bed and a small bathroom which only just fit the shower, sink and toilet. The room on the 1st floor was a lot better than the room on the 2nd floor, which had a worse shower, had no ledge in the bathroom or shower to rest toiletries on, and had a bathroom door that wouldn't close. The 2nd floor room also felt hotter and stuffier, and didn't seem as clean as the other room. The photos I posted with this review are of the better room, on the 1st floor. We arrived at the hotel early and we were able to leave our bags in the lobby and go out for the day. When we returned back in the evening the bags were already in the room. The next day we had to change rooms (due to only one room being available each night of our stay, which was a different room). When we went out the next morning we just left our keys with the owner, and when we returned that night our bags were already in the new room. That was convenient. I liked the fact that the hotel had free internet in the lobby, and a water cooler downstairs (even though the water just dribbled out and took ages to fill a water bottle). The location was good in terms of being close to transport (only a short walk to Victoria train station and coach station), however the area itself was not as pretty as other areas of London. Even though the hotel was on a quiet side street you could still hear street noise at night due to being close to ground level and thin walls. This hotel is ok if you are on a budget and can't afford much more. There seems to be a difference in quality depending on which room you get. If I had only stayed in the 2nd room on the 2nd floor, I would be giving a bad review. I had previously stayed in 4 star hotels in the Kensington area, which I much preferred, and only moved to Cherry Court for the location, so this may have affected my review.	
	Good Budget Hotel in Good Location	I was a bit sceptical about staying here after some of the reviews, but i was quite pleased with the Hotel.Firstly we paid £55 for an ensuite double room and it is central - 2mins walk from Victoria coach station - That already screams good value to me. The hotel frontage was clean and appealing, we had a friendly welcome from the owners -we arrived a little early, but as the room was ready we were able to check in. The room was on the cosy side, with a double bed pushed up against one wall, the bed was quite hard and the sheets clean. There were clean towels and bars of soaps provided. The shower room was very small and the door wasn't the best fitting. The fruit basket provided was a nice touch, 2 bananas, 2 apples, 2 oranges, 2 cereal bars, a pack of biscuits and 2 capri suns - more than plenty for breakfast on the run.There were marks on the walls, a little bit of mildew in the bathroom and the window frames weren't in great condition, but it really wasn't enough to stop me or my girlfriend staying there. I've seen worse in some major hotel chains.If you're on a budget looking for a short break in London, then this is an ideal spot. If you want 5* luxury, you'l' need to pay more and head elsewhere.	
Nov 13 2009 	the worst experience i`ve ever had in a hotel!!!!!!	first of all, friendly staff and good location!the room in the basement was very small, filthy, dirty walls, mildew in the bath-room, no space for the baggages... no space to move in the shower and in the bath-room...single-bed was too small...but comfortable.breakfast was a fruit-basket with an apple, banana, tangerine, cookies and capri-sonne... you should better go to sainsburys around the corner for having breakfast!!we left the room after one night after waking up with smell of gas in our room!you should better go around the other corner and take the comfort inn hotel!! much better!!!!!!!!that will be my second review...	
Oct 29 2009 	All we really needed: clean safe centrally located affordable	I wasn't sure what to expect from this very affordable hotel, located within blocks of transportation, shops and restaurants. What we found was a simple hotel with all the necessities: it was clean, safe, efficient, private and close to Victoria Station. The owners/staff were friendly and always helpful. It was great for a short stay. The room had no extra space and the private bathroom was very small, but it worked. We stayed two nights and used the room only for sleeping after long days of touring the city. The contents of the daily fruit basket was good to take as snacks for the day. I was also grateful we could leave our luggage at the hotel before and after check-in/out so we didn't have to pay for storage at the train station.	
Oct 27 2009 	great value and lovely hosts	We looked hard for a reasonably priced hotel in a good location in London and this one lived up to its reviews. As all have said, the rooms were fairly basic but we lucked upon a family room (way at the top) that had an extra bed for our luggage, so it was spacious enough for us. The fruit basket was nice and really was the only way to go - there doesn't seem to be any extra room for dining facilities. They had set up a tiny lounge on a landing where you could plug our mini-computer to the internet, the next best thing to wifi. And while our neighbour was a kid from Spain who didn't know how to be quiet as midnight approached, one phone call set that straight. The owners were lovely and I would happily return!	
Oct 8 2009 	An OK hotel	It is not luxurious. Rooms are smaller than you can imagine. BUT, it is clean, in a good area, and the owners are nice. I would stay here again.	
Sep 29 2009	Rooms substandard	I can't believe the reviews this place has gotten. It was awful, I don't even know where to start. We stayed in room three. I'm usually a very considerate travler and take my shoes off even in a hotel room but refused to do that here. The carpets were dirty, the ceiling in the bathroom was peeling, the cauking around the sink coming off, the shower leaked there were funny stains on the wall. All I can say is Yuck.	
Sep 16 2009 	Great value and location	This hotel was a great value. Close to Victoria Station Bus and Tube connections. Rooms were small but clean. Hotel was quiet. Free internet.	
Sep 11 2009 	great location friendly staff	My husband and I stayed at the Cherry Court Hotel for 8 nights. The Patels were so helpful and even let us check in early on the day we arrived. It was so nice to be able to put our bags in the room and take a shower after the long flight to the UK. The breakfast basket was just perfect - every morning we got 2 bananas, 2 nectarines, 2 apples, 2 cereal bars, 1 package of cookies, and 2 orange juices. We just loaded it all into our bag and headed out for a day of sightseeing. The location was just perfect- it was within walking distance of the Houses of Parliament / Big Ben and Buckingham Palace, and only a stone's throw away from Victoria rail station and Victoria Coach station. The rail station had 3 lines on the Underground and the coach station had cheap transport to Heathrow (only 5 pounds per person) and Evan Evans tours right onsite so everything we needed transportation-wise was very close. There are plenty of places to get food to eat including fast food and grocery stores nearby, and a laundrette close by as well. Plus the tavern right at the end of the street was great for dinner or a late-night beer. The room was clean and comfortable- we got fresh sheets most days and fresh towels every day. The room is small, but who cares? We were out the door at 7:00 am and not back until 10:00 pm, and after a full day of sightseeing all you care about is crashing in bed anyway. Our bathroom was ensuite and although it was small, it was nice to not have to share it with anyone else. For the price you pay at this hotel I would expect to have to share the bathroom. The hotel also has free Internet and a computer you can use, and Wifi if you have your own computer. If we ever return to London (which I hope we will), we will definitely be staying at the Cherry Court again.	
Aug 7 2009 	Very small rooms and bathrooms but great location	The rooms were very small, as was the bathroom (and the bathroom door was a frosted glass). Therefore, I would not recommend this place for a family or for an extended stay. The hosts were very pleasant and helpful people. And for us the location was great, only a few minute walk from Victoria bus station and metro station. Perfect because we were taking a bus from that station to the airport, so we didn't have to walk far with our luggage. Buckingham Palace and Westminster Abbey were within walking distance so that also was an advantage. There was no breakfast other than a nice fruit basket. (for a fruit basket it was nice, it had a few pieces of fruit for each of us, a Caprisun juice drink for each of us and a few snacks) The fruit basket was perfect for us b/c we had to leave early the next morning anyway and could take it with us. I think I would consider staying here again, since I know what I am in for. It is small and the bathrooms are small (I wouldn't stay with a family) but I did like the location and for a large city like London, that's huge. However, my husband is not sure he would stay there again.	
Jul 26 2009 	Good price in nice area of London	If you go by the theory &quot;you get what you pay for&quot; then this hotel is a bargain. On a six week holiday we wanted accom on the cheap side without being a terrible experience. The room is small, but I have stayed at a four star hotel in london before and that room was very small too - this is London! Next time I would stay in a room without a bathroom as I had a look at the public bathroom and it was nice and bright, with window and much more room. As the bathrooms in the room are teeny tiny and can get a bit stuffy. Water pressure is non existent either. I found this to be the only real downfall. We walked all over london from the hotel and had lovely breakfasts at cafes just a short stroll down the road.	
Jul 7 2009 	Excellent budget hotel and brilliant location!	I found this little gem after googling it and I have no regrets. Firstly, the location - literally 5 minutes walk from Victoria Station, impossible to get lost. The hosts, Mr and Mrs Patel were so friendly and helpful. The ensuite room was small but clean and had air conditioning. Mrs Patel gave me a key to the room and the front door and I was free to come and go at any time of the day or night. Although there is no breakfast there are several excellent eateries in the locale serving a hearty breakfast and in fact I had my breakfast in the St George pub on the corner of Hugh Street close to the hotel. They serve a full cooked affair for £4.50 with lots of other options on their breakfast menu. In conclusion and as a solo traveller, I would have no hesitation recommending this budget establishment as it offers great value combined with a superb location.	
Jun 25 2009 	Request room other than np. 12 at basement...	I agree with positive opinions about:- location (nice, quiet side street next to Victoria station), - reasonable price,- free internet access (thanks God I could check TFL website to find alternatives to striking or maintained underground!)- and friendliness of the staff but I would highly recommend you to request room at floors higher than basement!It looks like slightly bizarre manner (in London I've observed it for the first time) that flats are commonly organized in basements with all involved disadvantages (passer-by can easily see interior of your room, there is less natural light, it's colder etc). And that was the case for our double room no. 12 at Cherry Court. Additionally this room smelled oddly with some chemicals, with its higher concentration if you left windows closed for a day. Unfortunately, the staff couldn't give us other room due to high occupation.Generally hotel is acceptable (well, in London context) but bear in mind my comments.	
Jun 23 2009 	Great location and friendly staff	A great location, 2 minutes to the Victoria Station where you can travel on the underground and to all points of England. 5-8 minutes walk to Buckingham Palace. Good selection of low costs restaurants/pubs nearby. Mrs Patel and staff are very friendly and have lots of information.The rooms are small but very clean and comfortable and the staircase is pretty tight, but for the location and cost it is definately a winner.	
Jun 19 2009 	Very convenient clean very nice people	This is a great little place to stay in London. I doubt you will find anything cheaper or better situated to see London. Minutes from the train/bus station, minutes from Buckingham Palace. I can't say enough good things about the Patels or the gentleman that worked the front desk. They were so understanding and compassionate...so helpful with any concern we had. Great recommendations. The room was a little small, but very clean. The fruit basket and tea maker was most appreciated. The computer with internet was a lifesaver. The place itself could use a little updating, but you can tell they are working on it. I would highly recommend staying here if you are in London.	
Jun 9 2009 	Great value 	We had a very nice stay at this clean and comfy, though basic, hotel. I loved the convenient location near Victoria station, and was glad for the quietness of the street that Cherry Court is on. It is an ideal hotel if you are planning to spend most of your time in London sightseeing. I am grateful that other reviewers warned of how small the rooms are, so it didn’t come as too much of a shock! For breakfast, they provide a little basket with 4-5 fruits and a couple small packets of biscuits, if I remember correctly. You can also make tea or coffee in the room. A huge plus is the free internet on the computer in the lobby – very convenient for writing a couple emails. Thanks to Rick Steves &amp; trip advisor for this great recommendation!	
May 13 2009 	Very Small Room	We found this hotel in the Rick Steves London book. It is very affordable but very very small. The lady that runs the hotel is very nice. You get free internet, there are blow dryers to use, also tea,cream,sugar,and coffee available to make in your room. Also each day she gives you a fruit basket with some juice,chocolate bars, and granola bars. The bed was incredibly hard and small though. The bathroom was like a closet. But for the money it was hard to complain. Also she let us keep our bags there after check out which was nice. I probably wouldn't stay there again. Just because my husband is 6'4 and the bed was way to small for us and hard. That is pretty important. But if you want a cheap place to stay I recommend it. Especially the fact that it is hard to find a cheap hotel in London that is clean. Our room was clean and they always gave us new towels. Also it was right by Victoria Station which was handy.	
May 12 2009 	Nice small and quiet B	Just came back from London after spent 9 night at Cherry Court with my wife. We arrived London at Gatwick Airport which made our travel to the hotel pretty easy. Buy normal train (Southern) ticket (10.90 GBP) which is 6 GBP cheaper than Gatwick Express. At Victoria Station, it's only 5 min. walk to the hotel. Apart from train, tube and coach, Victoria is also very convenient for taking bus to various places in London, especially when you're tired of walking up and down in tube station.We stayed in double room on 2nd floor in the back side of the house. It's quiet at night (I think it's the same on the front side since Hugh St. is quite small, we saw only parked cars there). Room is cleaned and new towels are changed daily. There is tea/coffee maker in the room. Hot shower is good. Internet at the ground floor is free.Although our room (double room) is quite small (only 2-3 feet wider than our bed) :-), we think it's worth money spent. You can't find good and clean hotels with great location like this for only 55 GBP/night! Their fruit basket helped us a lot during our long tired walking day (orange juices, bananas, apples, cookies, granola bars). Mr and Mrs Patel, the owner, are very nice and kind. We'll stay here again if we have a chance to visit London in the future.	
Apr 24 2009 	Excellent choise for London travellers	We just returned from our escape to London (we like crowds and happenings and London is full of that). Our staying in Cherry Court Hotel was a very nice experience. We stayed there 9 days and we enjoyed every minute of those. The hotel is a traditional victorian house transformed in a small, family-friendly hotel. Situated in a very good position for those who come from Gatwick airport it is also next to the coach station. Frequent buses in front of the railway and coach station, a pub, a small restaurant for quick cheap food, a very quiet road far from the noises it is an excellent choise to explore the city. I will definitely choose it to stay for my next visit. It seems also to be the choise of friendly tourists who appreciate the calmness and respect the others.Thank you Mrs Patel.Spiros and family from Greece	
Apr 22 2009 	Family visit	Yes, would recommend this hotel for a family on a budget. The Family Room worked great for us. Location is the best, 4 mins to Victoria Station &amp; 10 min walk to Buckingham Palace. Theatres &amp; restaurants very close (minutes), lunched at the Capri Sandwiches on corner was VERY Good in taste and value, and pub across the street. The owners are wonderful. Very responsive to emails &amp; most accommodating with storing luggage, etc. Breakfast basket is OK but not filling for teenagers. Rooms are older and could use a bit of attention but we would stay there again -- Great value for Families!	
Apr 21 2009 	Adequate	Likes:Location - 5 minute walk to the Victoria station (train and subway). Bar/restaurant and sandwich shop very closeComputer with internet available to use for FREE.Breakfast basket which included: 2 bananas, 2 granola bars, 2 apples, and 2 clementines.The owners were nice and friendly.Dislikes:Our bedroom window didn't lock.Size of room and bathroom - room was barely bigger than the double bed. Shower was tiny...I'm a petite woman, and I kept bumping my elbows.	
Mar 23 2009 	Great value great service great location	This budget hotel in central London offers everything I was looking for: value and location. Yes, my room was tiny, but I wasn't expecting to spend too much time there. The ensuite bathroom was larger than other places I've stayed in London (two people could have been in it at the same time!). And the location, right around the corner from Victoria station, is superb, especially if one flies into Gatwick and then takes the Gatwick Express into the city, as it arrives at Victoria. The neighborhood was quiet, and there was no street noise at night. I enjoyed the breakfast basket and found it preferable to hustling through my morning toilette in order to get down to breakfast during the hour it's offered (been there, done that). The room and bathroom were clean, the bed comfortable, and the radiator worked nicely, as did the shower. The hotel is also non-smoking, a real added bonus. The Patels (very kind and accommodating people) allowed me to drop my luggage at the hotel (my room was not yet ready when I arrived before 9 AM) and, when I returned around 6 PM, they had taken my bags to the room for me. I'll stay here whenever I'm in London.	
Feb 21 2009 	Nope	Anyone who has high praise for this hotel either had a much nicer room than I did, or has very low standards. The room was clean enough but could have used a paint job. The &quot;breakfast basket&quot; is a joke and was not good for more than a late-night snack. The walls were so thin that I could not sleep past 8 am, once I started to hear noise outside my door. Location is ok but unless you need to be near Victoria, I'd recommend one of the budget hotels on Gower Street--much better value and a nicer neighborhood to boot.	
Feb 7 2009 	Very good hotel and friendly staff	me and my boyfriend stayed there for 2 nights in a double en-suit room, everything was very good, clean room and shower, we could use the internet in the reception, very good fruit and cereal basket for the breakfast and the receptionist was very friendly and helpful man. we enjoyed everything there, its all the basics you need when u visit London.	
Dec 10 2008	Best possible accomadation!	We stayed four nights at the hotel and it had everything we needed. After a long day of travelling it was nice to have a hotel that was so easy to reach. A good hotel is essential to the enjoyment of a holiday. The Patels were pleasant, friendly and helpful and we were sorry to leave. We will be back.	
Dec 8 2008	Small - but absolutely lovely clean and quiet - in the middle of London	Brilliant! I spent 2 days with my sister in London...what we're looking for: a place to sleep, not fancy but quiet and not too expensive. And that’s the Cherry Court Hotel! The room was pretty small but we don't need that much space. The owner is a lovely couple and they had always time for a little chat. Internet is free 24/7 and the breakfast comes in a little basket - fresh fruits (organic!) and some biscuits. Perfect for a weekend trip.	
Nov 22 2008 	The best option if you are in a budget	London is one of the most expensive cities I have ever been, overall at looking for hotels in a 50-100 euro range. In my country, Spain, I can find luxury hotels that only cost 50 euros per night, but London is 2 by 3 times more expensive than any other spanish city. Cherry Court is the best option to stay in London if you are in a budget. Actually, this hotel is in a down-market range as concerned to the facilities, but as compared to the same kind of hotels in London, Cherry is the most cheap and comfortable I have found, the rooms are quite small, but clean and tidy, and the main advantage is the good location at 5 minutes far from Buchkingham Palace. The facilities are quite good because not all the bed and breakfast hotels have free internet for customers use, security locker at the room, hair dryer and so on. If someone ask me what´s the best thing of this hotel, aside from the price, of course it´s because of Mr. and Mrs. Patel, they made me feel as if I were at home, it is really a very cozy hotel, and I recommend it for those who are looking for a good quality-price balance.	
Nov 14 2008	Great value	I stayed at the Cherry Court for two days in mid November of 2008. The majority of the complaints I've read here are about the room size..yes, it is small but most places for this price have small rooms so this was not something that surprised us or put us off. This was in a terrific location, very close to Victoria station. The owners were extremely nice and there is free internet access which was a great touch. The breakfast consisted of a fruit basket with a few granola bars in it....not what we're used to and certainly didnt fill us up but London, for Americans at least (the dollar to pound conversion is painful) is expensive..so this place is still a great deal. For food try Wagammamas...(not sure if I spelled that right). Its an amazing resteraunt that is fairy cheap and has great food...a chain that I hope is coming to the US soon. There is also a few great indian and tai food places...look up Rick Steves book London 2008. He was spot on regarding the places to eat and this hotel.	
Nov 12 2008 	Good Value Hotel	After reading hundreds of reviews of different hotels around London in particular the Victoria area, I was very happy and relieved to find Cherry Court was exactly as I expected. I realised the rooms were small, but I think most similar hotels would have been the same. There was enough room for my husband and I, even with 2 big suitcases. We just took out what we needed for the 4 days we were there, locked the cases and stood them against the wall. The bed was lovely and comfortable, as were the pillows. My main concern was clean linen, clean ensuite and a comfy bed, and Cherry Court was exceptional. Victoria Station was closer than I thought and there were some great restaurants a few blocks down in Pimlico. Mrs Patel was lovely and very helpful, we stayed 4 nights, then came back after a tour for another 2 nights. The &quot;breakfast basket&quot; made for a healthy start to the day. I would certainly stay there again, good value for a London Hotel.	
Nov 1 2008 	Best place for the money in the heart of London	This was my third stay at the Cherry Court. The positive aspects are the price, the location, the owners and the staff. I believe the critics of this location are expecting the Claridge or Ritz for 55 GBP per night per double room. Have any of the critics priced a room in downtown London at a 3-5 star hotel? The rooms at the Court ARE tiny. With the bed accessible from only one side and the foot, the floor space is still too limited to allow passing unless one person sits on the bed. I also don't believe the beds are standard doubles. The width is closer to 48&quot; than 54&quot;. My husband and I had to coordinate rolling over in bed so that we did it together. Of the 3 different rooms I've stayed in at the Court, two of them had glass doors on the bathroom. The third room had the panel door fitted OVER-not in-the doorframe. Bathroom privacy is not an option unless your roommate leaves.There are no closets, but adequate hooks on the wall for hanging clothes. Linens aren't changed, but what hotels have been changing linens daily? Most of the B and Bs I've stayed at in the UK (Some outside London charging 80 GBP/night) change linens after 7 days. We were given fresh towels and small bars of soap daily. The hotel info doesn't promise a full English breakfast so the basket of fruit-6 pieces, 2 cereal bars, small package of cookies and fruit drink was as adequate as the cornflakes and white bread, billed as a continental breakfast at other hotels.Most mornings we had breakfast at area pubs where a full English can be bought for around 3GBP/p(Wetherspoons and the Iron Duke) and saved the fruit, bars and cookies for a mid-day snack or afternoon tea. Alternatively, at Sainsbury's,1 1/2 blocks away on Wilton Road, we bought cheese, fresh bread and rolls, even a box of 75p cereal and yogurt for a great continental breakfast.With its pluses and minuses the Cherry Court at 55 GBP is a great place to stay, especially for a few nights. Its small size can get wearing, however, after a week. BUT paying more elsewhere does not guarantee a larger room.	
Nov 1 2008 	Great place if you are on a budget!	Yes, it is a basic hotel, but what more can you expect from a GBP 45 hotel in central London?The staff is lovely, both the Mrs. and Mr. You get the feeling they actually care about their guests, which is not always the case in other hotels. I had a room right next to the reception and I was a little worried that it might be a little noisy, but the noise was minimal.The room had everything I needed: bed, shower, toilet and even a little TV. At first I thought the bed could be a little bit more comfortable, but I slept well on it. The shower is a bit dodgy (going from hot to cold and back sometimes), but not really bothering.The room looked pretty dated but was clean. Not sure they changed the sheets on the bed everyday though.The breakfast box which is left in your room every afternoon is a very nice touch. For me it was perfect to get the day started.Next to the recepetion there is also a computer with internet access which is free to use. The Victoria bus/train/subway station is very nearby, only a 5 minute walk.Overall I was pretty happy with my stay. I think you will have a hard time finding a cheaper hotel in central London which is as lovely as the Cherry Court.I would rate this 3.5 stars.	
Oct 8 2008 	You get what you pay for	We stayed at Cherry Court for three nights and were not disappointed. We paid 5 BP extra for a triple room (1 double bed, 1 single bed), which was located in the basement, Room 12. This allowed us to use the single bed for our luggage/dressing table, which worked well. Yes the place is early student dorm, and the bathroom was very small, but the water was hot and plentiful, which counts for a lot. (Our sliding door was solid, not glass, as a previous reviewer experienced; perhaps they got the message.) Everything worked well and for the location, which was perfect, the price was right. I have only one serious complaint - the bed was definitely like cement and, like a previous reviewer, I too incurred bruises...no kidding! A minor complaint is that that I would prefer that they included orange juice, not orange drink, in the breakfast basket. For price and location, Cherry Court is an excellent option. Just beware there are a few sacrifices to be made.	
Oct 5 2008 	Cherry Court was great	We loved the Cherry Court Hotel and Mrs. Patel was wonderful. The location of this hotel was great and the feel was friendly and home like. It was close to Victoria Station and plenty of action, but yet quiet and a bit off the beaten path. Our room was small, but clean and cozy. We appreciated the goodie basket that was left for us in the morning and would definitely use this hotel again if we go back to London!	
Sep 19 2008 	Okay Hotel But Great Staff	I expected a little bit more from this hotel after reading the reviews on here, but unfortunately it was a little bit less than what I expected (only a little!). I stayed here in September 2008. I found Mrs. Patel to be lovely, and in general the hotel had some charm. However, the wall in my room had a weird greenish-yellowish stain reminiscent either of bug guts or snot (don't care to consider which it might have been!). Also, there were mysterious stains in the sink, and on the sheets, and I THINK there might have been bed bugs of some sort as my legs were very itchy afterwards (however, I cannot confirm this).I also don't think they changed the sheets or the towels - they just made up the beds and folded the towel. I normally wouldn't care about changing the sheets too much (more ecologically friendly anyway), but when you hop into bed after running around London all day and getting sweaty, and taking showers in the morning, fresh sheets would feel a lot better.The last negative thing I will say is that the hotel is located on a small side street - but they do not keep the lights on for those of us coming back after 10 pm (I never came back before 10 pm, so I'm not sure if they ever have their outside lights on). This makes it difficult both to see the hotel sign from the outside as well as makes it a little worrisome for a solo female traveler like me to have to come home at night to a place with no lights on. Other than that, I felt that thanks to security cameras and keys, the place was pretty secure.But, the positive aspects of the hotel are the staff, as mentioned before, as well as the fact that you get free use of the internet and computer in the lobby (when other guests aren't using it). Also, if you're not going to be in your room a whole lot (goodness knows I wasn't), then it should be a great place to stay. It is within walking distance to Buckingham Palace and Westminster Abbey. Please be advised that if you pay by credit card, there is an additional 5% fee.	
Aug 29 2008 	Great value in London	The rooms and bathrooms are small, just as other travelers said. But I don't spend a lot of time in my room in a city as fascinating as London. The hotel is clean, the owners are friendly and helpful, tea and coffee making facilities are available in each room, and the breakfast of fruit and cereal bars is ample and nutritious. On top of that, there is free access to a computer for checking e-mail and surfing the web - just no gaming! The location couldn't be better: on the &quot;good&quot; side (i.e., away from the noisy commercial areas) of Victoria Station, in a quiet residential area. There is a large supermarket nearby and a variety of restaurants in the neighborhood. I would certainly stay there again and recommend it to friends and family.	
Aug 19 2008 	Ideal location and a wonderful accommodation	Okay, here's the deal. You look for a hotel that is close to the centre, within ten minutes walking time, with excellent public transport connections nearby, in a quiet neighborhood, with clean rooms, adequate and comfortable, with good price-value, with a super market nearby to do some shopping for food and drinks, a hotel with lovely owners that make you feel at ease if not to say at home... well it's here, it's the Cherry Court Hotel.In all the other reviews there's said enough about tiny rooms. Okay, the room is small. But what do you need, when there's a fine bed, private washing room, where you can make your own tea and coffee and get a nutritious, well taken care of breakfast basket (fruit, orange juice and serial bars)?For me it was the first time to spend a week in the Cherry Court, with the kind family Patel and their co-workers, but soon I will be back, this time together with my daughter. For me this is THE place to stay when I go to London! Almost like a hidden gem.	
Aug 6 2008 	Loved the Location	Staying at this hotel was great, the best thing about it has to be the location. Clean room, great and helpful owners made my stay all the better.Most importantly it was quiet and slept really well.	
Aug 4 2008 	Good hotel in great location	The hotel is in a great location close to Victoria Station (Train and subway) within easy walking distance of the Buckingham Palace. The pub at the end of the street has great food and beer.My American born wife was shocked how small the room was but I, coming from Germany, have encountered such rooms many times before. The bathroom was also tiny but had hot water and was clean. There was no closet or place to store anything in the room. The space around the bed was so small that one had to coordinate movements while out of bed. However, the location was very quiet and the room was air conditioned. The AC may come in very handy when it's hot and muggy. The breakfast was a small bowl with fruit and small snacks that was refilled daily. Plenty of tea or instant coffee could be prepared using a water heater. There is a computer for internet access free of charge (because there is no seat, use is basically limited to email and other short information) close to the reception. I liked the hotel mainly because of its location, price, and the air conditioned room. Just be prepared for a REALLY small room.	
Jul 31 2008 	Average Hotel with Fantastic Location	What really makes this hotel a 4 star is the location for the price. The rooms are small, just fitting your beds and a bathroom, but clean. The owner seemed very nice. What we loved was the location -- it took us about 15-20 minutes to walk to Buckingham Palace, Big Ben or Westminster Abbey. On most of our days we didn't have to take the tube once, we just walked to our different destinations. For around £80 for a triple, you really can't beat the Cherry Court for a hotel in central London. True, it was a bit cramped for the three of us to be moving around the room at the same time, but how long are you going to stay in your room when you're that close to the sights? I would definitely recommend this hotel, mainly because of its excellent location.	
Jul 5 2008 	Small very budget	Overall very tiny, not enough space to move around especially for 2 people; 10 min walk from Victoria Stn., hot water takes time, bed ok, free internet; very budget ok; no use of phones; free fruit basket containing juice, granola bar, apple, banana; no elev; able to leave bags in lobby to sight-see; reception (Mrs. Patel) was very helpful, nice.	
Jul 3 2008 	Fair place to stay	The overwhelming reviews sound a bit strange to me because the Cherry Court is for sure not a Luxurious Spa Ressort...It is a very simple accommodation in Central London. Be aware that the house in general and especially the rooms are really very very tiny, actually there was a small double bed and a small gap on two bed sides to walk or better to put the suitcase somewhere. No chair, no table, nothing similar. Also in the tiny bath corner there was not really space to put something somewhere. Be informed what to expect !! I knew that very well and was not surprised. We stayed the whole day outside therefore it was ok for us. We went for the good price and for the very good location. Victoria Station is almost around the corner, in the ensuite Victoria Shopping Arcade are shops, a Starbucks and also a supermarket which is open until 11 p.m. every day. The owners were also friendly to us and answered all our questions concerning London. Despite the tiny place I would stay there again as it suited with our needs.	
Jun 17 2008 	Nice	Not bad for the price. The location is near Victoria Station and the area is a very quiet, nice, residential area. I had a room on the top floor (single) and it was clean and reasonable. Can't beat the price for a central location in London and the management was very helpful. I recommend it.	
Jun 11 2008 	Loved it!	I stayed six night at this hotel with my daughter who is twelve years old. We both loved the hotel! The location is great, it's so near to Victoria Station and the access to the underground etc. The room was tiny, but clean and comfortable. Perfect for people who want to spend their days exploring the city and use the hotel room only for sleeping and washing themselves (our room had an ensuite). There's a great breakfast place just around the corner and we used the contents of the breakfast basket as evening snacks when we arrived exhausted at the hotel every night. There's free access to the Internet to read your email or to use an online map or to search information and the staff is _extremely_ friendly and helpful. The owners were immediately like old friends! Safe area, quiet street, peaceful hotel. Great value for your money!!!Mrs and daughter from Finland	
May 30 2008 	Great location	We booked a double room with an ensuite at Cherry court hotel. It is a short walk from Victoria Station, which is exceptionally handy. It is a nice and safe neighbourhood. The staff was very helpful and there is free internet you can use. The room is quite tiny and the ensuite is very small, but for 55 pounds a night in a nice and safe neighbourhood, what else can you ask for?They provide a basket with fruit, nutbars and juice.. so you can take it with you.Definitely recommend it if you are on a budget and want to stay in a central location.	
May 8 2008 	Tiny rooms but great value for the price	We stayed two nights at the Cherry Court Hotel. Although the room was incredibly small, I still give this hotel 5 stars for several reasons:- I challenge you to find another clean hotel in such a fantastic (yet strangely and wonderfully quiet) location at 55 pounds per night.- The Patel's were some of the most charming, welcoming people we encountered during our trip to London. We arrived very late at night, as we did not account for time through customs and the slooow bus from the airport. They answered the doorbell immediately when we rang, (I hate to say past 1am), and were cheerful and polite as they gave us our room and let us go right to bed.- Fruit basket in the room makes for a very handy breakfast-to-go, and staff had hairdryers (more than one) available to borrow. Excellent touch for a budget hotel!- I disagree with a previous about it being a 'walk' from Victoria station. There is a hand-drawn map on the Cherry Court Hotel web site on the link &quot;The Perfect Location of Cherry Court Hotel&quot;. It is maybe a 5 minute walk from the door of the hotel to the entrance to Victoria train station - and that includes time spent waiting at the crosswalk. It was very handy being so close to Victoria Station, as we were able to access the entire city from there.The Cherry Court Hotel was perfect for us. We planned to spend all day and most of the night exploring London, so we really just needed a clean, quiet place to sleep. This was exactly what we were looking for, and we will definitely be staying there again!	
May 6 2008 	Clean Friendly Convenient	We've just got back from a stay at Cherry Court, and it's been one of the best stays in London we've had outside business-class (4/5 star) hotels. If I come to London alone I normally stay in a YHA hostel. However, when I’m in town with my husband, we’d like a private room, but don’t want to pay business-class hotel prices. London has a surfeit of small hotels but it can be a real challenge finding one that offers a good price-to-quality ratio in a part of town handy for travel links and tourist sites. Cherry Court’s rooms are small, as are the bathrooms; however they are clean and tidy and well laid-out to give the maximum space for suitcases, etc. The price is excellent considering the conditions of the rooms and shared spaces in the hotel. Free internet access next to reception was a nice bonus.We slept in a triple on the ground floor for one night, then in a double on the first floor for two nights. Both rooms were at the front of the hotel, overlooking the road. Despite this we were not overly bothered by noise, either from inside or outside the hotel. In addition, the owners are very friendly and helpful and obviously take pride in their hotel.A fruit basket is provided in each room for breakfast (although they serve equally well for snacks during the day out around the town) and tea and coffee making facilities are also available. There are pubs and cafes around the hotel where you can get a cooked breakfast if you prefer.If you are looking for a decent hotel for a good price in an excellent location, then you should seriously consider the Cherry Court Hotel for your stay in London. It is definitely now my first choice hotel when staying in London.	
Apr 24 2008 	helpful staff good location	I traveled to London last March with one friend and we stayed in the Cherry Court Hotel and could not have been more pleased. Victoria train station (a hub of transportation) is a bit of a walk away, but nonetheless gave us access to many train/bus lines. The hotel is on a very quiet road, with very little foot or car traffic. Our room was on the first floor and we both felt very safe. Breakfast was not served, however our room had a basket that was filled daily with fresh fruit, crackers, granola bars, etc. Great to take with us on our walks through the city.There is a pub or two on the corner near the hotel which was perfect for a quick bite or an evening drink. Supermarket also nearby for other options.	
Apr 15 2008 	A Decent Budget Hotel in Central London	I have stayed in Cherry Court Hotel a few times, on my own and with my family. I love staying there It is clean, quiet and very safe with a nice family atmosphere. Most importantly the hotel is within walking distance to the main attractions which saves even more on transportation expenses. By the way, I love the fruit basket in the morning, sets me up for the day nicely.	
Mar 12 2008 	Finally a London hotel I'll stay at again!!!	I love this place! Clean rooms, clean bathroom and the fruit basket is exactly perfect if you've been out late/early at the clubs. I felt completely safe - the street is close to Victoria but doesn't feel as if it is in the center of a major city. The pub at the corner has amazing food and there are several others within a few blocks. The staff is excellent: polite, helpful and kind. Yes, the rooms are small, but for the price, it is well worth it.	
Feb 15 2008	Great Budget B	I stayed at the Cherry Court for 6 nights. It was my first trip to London and as a solo female traveller I wanted to make sure I was in a safe local. It was perfect. Although it is near a major hub of transport, it is central and quiet. In fact, at night, when it's very quiet you can hear Big Ben striking the hour (despite it's distance from the hotel). An unexpected perk of the location! Rooms were clean, efficient, nice fruit/cookie baskets each morning, great water pressure and temperture in my private bathroom. The internet access was very, VERY helpful in order to keep touch with family &amp; friends back in the states. Two small issues (and i mean small):1) The internet PC is located right next to the reception desk. Although I appreciate friendly staff there was a young man (perhaps the owners' son?) who became increasingly talkative everytime i'd appear to use the PC. I'd try to send emails and he'd come out from behind the desk and ask all sorts of questions. I have no issue with friendly chat, but by the end of the trip my emails had gotten shorter and shorter just to avoid having to answer personal family questions. 2) I have friends in London and stayed out after 9pm on a few nights. Although I had 24hr access with my own keys, they shut the outside lights off and the street is a little dim. I found it a bit disappointing that no lights illuminate the outside the B&amp;B after 9pm.Otherwise, great place and I would definitely stay again!	
Jan 31 2008 	Perfect for Budget Travellers	The Cherry Court Hotel is in a fantastic location just a few minutes from Victoria mainline, underground and coach stations. Despite this position so close to a busy transport hub it is quiet and safe, being on a residential side-street. There is a pub serving excellent food at the end of the road and it is walking distance from several popular London attractions including Buckingham Palace and Westminster Abbey. The hotel itself is small, and the steep, narrow stairs might be a problem for anyone with mobility difficulties or heavy luggage. Our double room on the first floor was tiny but contained everything we needed - a comfy bed, TV, kettle (with tea, coffee, etc), fresh fruit and snacks and even a little safe. The en-suite bathroom was miniscule and didn't provide one iota of privacy, however the whole room was perfectly clean and pleasant. The hotel is family owned and run and everyone who worked there was really kind and friendly and eager to help. There is free internet in the reception area which proved very useful. We stayed at Cherry Court Hotel for one week, and admittedly by the end of it we were getting a little bit of cabin fever, but for a short stay for anyone on a budget I would recommend this hotel very highly and hope to stay there again myself in future.	
Jan 16 2008 	best bet for london on a budget	The Cherry Court was ideally located a couple blocks from Victoria station. The rooms were small but clean and the owners were fantastic.	
Jan 12 2008 	Great bargain for London	Spent four nights here, first night in a 45-pound single room and three nights in a double room for 55 pounds. Yes, it's as small as everyone says, but it's very clean, has comfortable beds, semi-private bathrooms (private from other hotel guests but not from your roommate!), and the basic amenities like TV and tea kettle. (ps Internet in the hallway downstairs is a great place to send your roommate when you need some privacy in the loo!). Breakfast basket contains cookies, granola bars, fruit, and a juice, etc (ie stuff that you can throw in your backpack and take with you for your day out!). It's a great home base, you couldn't ask for a better location, and the people who run the hotel are very nice. I'd happily stay here again, although my boyfriend would probably be willing to fork out more money next time for a genuinely private bathroom and a bedroom that allowed a person to spread out. Depends on what is important to you, saving money or having luxury?	
Nov 23 2007 	decent budget hotel very close to Victoria station	Stayed here for 1 night in mid-November - clean but small rooms, friendly and helpful owners (Mr and Mrs Patel), free internet in the lobby, and well located near Victoria Station and also the Apollo Theatre (where we saw 'Wicked' - can highly recommend this musical!). For the price we paid, it was excellent value, and the breakfast basket was basic but sufficient. We got 'upgraded' from the double to a triple room - it was more spacious, but it is also the room at the front of the hotel, and at street level, so we did have a problem with some street noise around midnight. We were there only 1 night so we could put up with it, but if you were staying longer, I would definitely suggest asking for a room that overlooks the courtyard at the back.	
Nov 18 2007	Great spot	Great place to stay especially for the price. Fabulous location. Very clean. Charming room. Pleasant and accommodating owners. Breakfast basket was a bonus. Rooms are small but who needs a bunch of space when you're in London.	
Oct 21 2007 	Good for the Money	Yes, it's small. Very small. But for the insanely high prices in London, it's a great way to save money. You have most of the comforts needed. If you plan to spend all day sight seeing and not hang out in your room, I would highly recommend it. A breakfast basket and bathroom are in all rooms. For 55 pounds a night, it's worth it. The owners are very pleasant and welcoming.	
Oct 2 2007 	This place gave me the creeps!	Skimming through some of these reviews, I have to keep asking myself if maybe I stayed in a different hotel entirely! My stay was three years ago, but I still shudder whenever I think of my ONE night in this hotel. After a trip to Scotland, I met up with a friend of mine from the States who had been visiting her family in Germany. We spent the day together in London before heading home. We decided on this hotel because it was recommended by Rick Steves, even though I had been to London twice before and had stayed in a hotel that was a little pricier, but very nice. Although Mrs. Patel was friendly, I found the hotel to be shabby, dark, and dank. The room my friend and her son stayed in was the size of a postage stamp...one had to basically leap from door to bed to sit, as their suitcase took up all the floor space. The bathroom was beyond tiny and had a horrible smell that permeated the whole room. My room was on the very top floor, and since it was impossible to drag my suitcase up the many flights of very narrow stairs, I had to leave my suitcase in the office and carry up only what I needed for the night. My bathroom had recently been redone, so was passable, but totally incongruous with the nasty attic room. The bottom part of the bed was horribly stained with God knows what, along with many other disgusting things too numerous to mention here. At least my room had enough space to walk about a bit, and my friend could sit on the one metal folding chair. I stayed awake all night, terrified I would miss my airport shuttle in the morning and have to stay an extra minute in this horrid place. I have been to London before and since, and believe me, Rick Steves got this one wrong. Spend a little more and stay in a decent hotel.	
Sep 29 2007	Great London Location	With the right expectations of Cherry Court, it was fine. It wasn't a posh ritzy place, and it wasn't a cozy B&amp;B. It is an urban mini-hotel that's right near Victoria Station and a steal of a price for London. The accommodations were good enough for a place to crash. The place was kept very tidy. It is small and tight, but it's location was great. Our bathroom was a bit old and there were some disappointments with that, but again -- it worked. The service at the front desk was fine, but check-in and check-out is about all that you see of customer service. The fruit basket breakfast in the room was actually a nice break from the heavy English breakfasts, and it was easy enough to get something later in the morning if we got hungry!With the windows open we heard a lot of street noise, but with the windows closed it would have been fine. It is downtown! The location was great for navigating the city, and we found it to be a great cheap find for being so close to the sites of London. Having great access to Victoria made everything easier to navigate, and when the Tube went on strike, being close enough to walk places turned out to be a real advantage!!	
Sep 17 2007 	Enjoyed our stay	I booked a room for my husband and myself for 2 nights at this hotel. The hotel didn't have any double rooms left, but offered us their family room (which sleeps 5 ppl) for 65 pounds per night. We didn't go in with high expectations considering this low price for a desirable location. We were pleasantly surprised. The location right by Victoria Station was fabulous The hotel is located on a cute and quiet street. The room was clean and we slept comfortably. The sink in the room was quite tiny, and I didn't mind but it annoyed my husband, who complained he had a hard time just washing his hands. Close by is Wilton Road, which has a good Mexican restaurant as well as a good lunch place called Nando's. I adored our trip to London, and the Cherry Court Hotel provided us with a good home base.	
Aug 14 2007 	A Great Choice	I stayed at this hotel twice, about two weeks apart. I stayed there the first time at the beginning of July for two nights with my friend. Due to a misunderstanding, I booked a triple instead of a double, but we got a room on the top floor so it was very quiet. There is no elevator/lift however, so if your bags are heavy you're in for a climb. The second time I stayed was with my two kids in the middle of July for 4 nights. Unfortunately we were on the first floor, at the front, so we heard people in the street, main hallway and at the reception desk (RIGHT outside our door!) If you can get on one of the upper floors that would be best.The rooms are basic, with few amenities, but they are clean and of decent (although not spacious) size. Towels and soap are provided, along with a small TV that gets about five channels. Don't count on room service or breakfast, although the Patels will deliver a basket of fruit, juice and cookies/candy bars to your room every day.What really sets this place apart is it's proximity to Victoria Station &amp; Victoria Coach Station, an easy walk even with kids; it's relatively low prices for central Westminster; and it's cleanliness and friendliness. There are books and umbrellas for loan at the front desk, along with some brochures and pamphlets of local attractions. There is also a computer for internet access, but they discourage overuse by having no seat, placing it right in the main hall and shutting it down at night.I'd definitely stay here again if on a budget, but if I wanted a romantic place to stay, with more amenities, look elsewhere.	
Aug 13 2007 	Convenience - a plus	We had a great time staying at Cherry Court Hotel as recommended by Rick Steves. Everyone staying here was from the U.S. and came because of his book. It is 2 blocks from the entrance to Victoria Station and also the same to some great restaurants to eat at. (Try the Loco Mexicana Restaurant for great food on Wilton Rd.) We had the family room which had 3 twins and a double. With 4 of us, we had plenty of space. The air conditioner is very quiet and great on the hot days. Our fruit basket was always full. The owner was wonderful and very friendly. She even provides a computer to use to send emails home. It was a true delight to stay here.	
Aug 3 2007 	Small but everything we needed	We just got back from a 5 week trip to Europe with Cherry Court Hotel being the first hotel. Cherry Court Hotel is in a fantastic location. Right near Victoria Station, it makes navigating through London by tube very easy. (Of course we tended to walk more but still if you need the metro or a train, it is very easy.) The rooms are extremely small! Basically a bed and enough room beside the bed to leave your bag but nothing else. But to be honest, it was all we needed and we were rarely in the room. The bathroom was small too but always had hot water. There is a safety deposit box in the room but funny thing is they have a preset combo which the owner knows so it was kind of strange that way. They give you a fruit basket each morning with apples, bananas, oranges, fruit juice, cookies, etc. which is great to take with for snacks throughout the day. They also have free internet use in the lobby which was great. The only real negative was the noise. We had a room facing the street and the walls were not great at keeping out the noise so at times it felt as though we were outside because we could hear the noise so clearly. The rooms not facing the street are probably quieter but we wouldn't know because we didn't stay in them. The lady at the front desk is very helpful and nice but she is often not at the front desk so you just need to call down first and tell her you want to ask a question or speak to her about something. Overall, we did enjoy our stay at this hotel - it is not a luxury hotel but has a great value given how expensive london is.	
May 27 2007 	Not a disappointment!	Fantastic location - 2 minute walk from Victoria Station, 1 minute walk from the Coach Station, 30 second walk from the Greenline Coach Station!! Pub on the corner of the road, and all the shops of Victoria a little further on.Public areas of the hotel itself are clean and tidy, service on check in was efficient but friendly.Good size bed and room, but storage was limited, so ideal for our overnight stay - could cause issues if staying for longer. en suite was warm and clean. shower not the biggest but warm and relaxing.Nice big window looking out onto mews behind the hotel.Breakfast was a selection of fruit, fruit juice, cereal bars and biscuits. Not the full english that you traditionally imagine from a B&amp;B, but then again it was good quality and in the room from check-in, so could be eaten any time. In summary, excellent value for its central location.	
May 15 2007 	Convenient location great price	The Cherry Court Hotel, run by the Patel family, is located just a few minutes walk from Victoria Station which makes it very convenient. I had a single ensuite room, which cost me 45 pounds/night. The rooms are small but so are most of the B&amp;Bs that I've experienced in London. Each day, the rooms were cleaned and a breakfast basket would be placed in the room. It would consist of 3 pieces of fruit, a granola bar, a package of cookies and a carton of orange juice. There is also free internet available near the reception area for guests to use. Additionally, there is a bottled water dispenser for guests to use.You can tell the Patel family has been in this business for years. They were very professional and polite and they made you feel very welcome.If you're looking for spacious rooms with lots of amenities, don't stay here - go to the Hilton and spend $500/night. But if you want a basic room at a good price, I would recommend this place.	
Apr 16 2007	Cute little place	The Cherry Court was a cute little hotel on a quiet street very close to Victoria station. Great location! We had the family room in the basement which had everything we needed in it, even if the bathroom was a little small. The included breakfast just consists of two pieces of fruit per person, a juice box, a granola bar, and some cookies, but it was enough. They also had some travel guides that were available for use and came in very handy. Very accomodating for check out time. Overall a very pleasant stay.	
Jan 28 2007 	Great Location but Small Rooms	My wife and I stayed at the Cherry Court Hotel for 3 nights before heading back to the States. The location is the best part. It is in the center of everything. You can walk to almost anything or run to the bus stop which will take you to the Tower or the National Museum. Yes, the rooms are small, but how long are you in the room for? Just to sleep and take a shower. I did love the fruit basket. I would stay there again. Another bad feature is there is no lift. You must climb the stairs and after traveling Paris, Rome, Barcelona, Dublin and other places...walking up stairs is not a joy when you have bad knees. Again, I would stay there due to the location and price..	
Dec 21 2006 	Good value convenient location..	The Cherry Court is a small but nice hotel. Rooms are very small, I mean really small, but there so much to do in London that a large room isn't really needed. The free internet in the &quot;lobby&quot; is a plus. The Breakfest is a few snack bars, some fruit and a couple juice boxes- helpful but not great, Victoria Station has a grocery and lots of fast places to grab a bite if you don't like it.	
Nov 11 2006 	great location	We stayed at the Cherry Court Hotel during the month of September. The room was small, but we were out all day sight-seeing and shopping. You cannot beat the price and the location. The owners Mr. and Mrs.Patel were just wonderful. The room was clean, the area was safe and it's so close to Victoria station and the bus lines. If you are looking for luxury this is not the hotel for you. The room was 55.00 per nite. You cannot beat the price. Free internet service. I will book this hotel again upon my return to London.G. ReedChicago, Illinois	
Oct 11 2006 	great location	We stayed at the Cherry Court Hotel for 4 days at the end of September on our way to Spain and then 1 night on our return before flying home.The room was very very small but clean and the owner was extremely accomodating. She kept some of our London purchases for us until our return. We are retired budget travellers and our needs are simple - cleanliness, location and a hot shower. Since we were travelling by tube and train the location- about a five minute walk to Victoria Station and the Gatwick Express was ideal. Our room cost 55 pounds a night which for London is astounding. There was a fruit basket in the room each evening which was welcome and also a kettle. We spent very little time in our room since we were enjoying London's sights and many museums. For us, it was ideal. If you require luxury, this hotel is not for you.	
Sep 14 2006	Tiny room	When I book the hotel, I know the room is small and I am prepared to accept the size. When I opened the room door for the 1st time, I just bursted into laugh. It is basically a room with a bed. If you want to sit, sit on the bed. There is no way you can open your luggage wide if you have a big one. Luckily, we have 2 carry-on size luggages but they occupied the only walkway in the room. The hotel is about 5 mins walk to the Victoria underground station.	
Jun 28 2006	Bed and snack no breakfast	We booked at the Cherry Court based on a R. Steves review of B&amp;B. We had been staying at a 3*Thistle hotel for $80.00m incl fees and taxes. We went by the hotel before booking. It is located 1/2 block behind Victoria Station in a quiet neighborhood with many B&amp;B townhouses. We were buzzed in but found they only had availablilty for one night (asked and recieved recommendation for Jubilee Hotel around the corner for the other night). The proprietess took our CC # to hold the room (we were going to Paris for 5 days before returning to London). She did not have a vacant room to show us. When we finally checked in, the same desk person took us to our room. It was not made up from the previous tenant since it was still very early AM, but we put our bags in it and went on our way. The reception window area is very cramped, with narrow stairwell leading upstairs. The room was unbelievably small, due to the en suite BR being added into an already small room. Very poor workmanship and you could hear water running with every flush and shower from surrounding rooms. One full size bed pushed up against the far wall in front of the window. All shelves etc. built into the wall, including the shelf and hanging rod for clothes--not long enough for dresses. One small oval mirror on the wall. There was an L shaped path to move along two sides of the bed. No room to open the suitcase--barely room to set it down. We also had a BR with sliding french door with lightly dimpled glass panels. Since the BR is barely 2 feet wide you are up against these windows when using the commode so NO PRIVACY. My husband said he hadn't seen a shower and sink so small since he was on a Coast Guard ship. As mentioned before, your feet are in the shower when on the commode. Although this room overlooked the back of the hotel, you could hear people talking outside. The window had a very lightweight curtain so &quot;sun's up&quot; at 5:30am. The breakfast basket left in the room was two Capri sun, and two each of apple, orange, banana, fruit bar and candybar. The in room tea maker had thick mineral deposits on the element which floated off when heating hot water-yuck! Teabags/sugar available, if you dare.There was a covered area in back with small table and umbrellas in which to sit and read, or eat, etc. The internet access was free, in the hallway by the reception window, but no chair available. Everything was clean but worn. The staff seemed somewhat indifferant, although the proprietress was friendlier on checkout. The rate was 55 pounds ( $99.00) with a 5% charge for CC use. You are unable to use a long distance phone card, local calls are charged. The rooms have A/C. In my opinion, the Jubilee B&amp;B around the corner was a better establishment and value, with a real breakfast. Unless you need A/C.	
Jun 22 2006	Small Rooms But Great Location and value	I most recently stayed at the Cherry Court for two nights with my 19 year old son. A couple of years back I had again stayed for two nights with my wife. The rooms are very small: however, when travelling I don't spent much time other than sleeping in the room so it is only a minor problem. Breakfeast is in a basket left in the room. The staff is friendly and helpful. The street is quiet (there is a nice pub at the corner) and the location is great. The back of Victoria station (i.e., the quiet side) from which you can easily access the Gatwick Express is at the end of the block. If you are using Heathrow the Victoria Coach Station is a few blocks away. It is an easy walk to several tube stations, Buckingham Palace and Westminister. For London it is very reasonably priced. They have internet access that is available to guests at reception. Have been here twice I would definitely stay again. However, if you are adverse to a very small room this is not the place for you.	
Jun 3 2006	Great Location	As mentioned previously, the rooms are the size of closets and our bathroom door was see-through. The window in our room was a single pane so it seemed as if the people on the street were actually speaking inside our room. The continental breakfast was very basic but for the price and central location I would stay again but no more than two days.	
May 4 2006	Great for Budget Travelers	If you are looking for an inexpensive, convenient, safe, clean room, this is the place. Three of us slept very well in a small triple room (small full bed and very narrow twin). As so many others have pointed out, the rooms are small--but because we spent so little time in our room, we didn't mind at all. We liked being near Victoria Station; it was always easy to find a bus home at night (I highly recommend the busses--especially at night--the sights are beautiful). Also, there are several grocery stores in the station where you can pick up a quick, cheap meal. I thought the breakfast was perfect--we each received a banana, mandarin orange, apple, granola bar, juice drink, and cookies to share. We'd pack the food in our backpacks and eat all day. We made lots of use of the electric kettle and tea--so nice to come in exhausted and relax with a hot drink. We spent 8 nghts at the Cherry Court, and it would be my pick if I'm lucky enough to visit London again.	
Apr 17 2006	Smallest rooms ever nice quiet location	My wife and I stayed here for two nights based on Rick Steve's recommendation and reviews from this board. We found the room to be the smallest we had ever seen. It was difficult for both of us to walk around without bumping into each other. The bathroom door looked like something that had been jerry rigged. The door basically just covered the bathroom and had a large gap at the top, so all the &quot;noises&quot; from inside the batchroom were heard outside as well. The bathroom had the smallest sink I had ever seen and made it very uncomfortable to use to shave with. We noticed several holes in the bathroom walls and could not figure if they just didn't bother to seal them up or something was going to be put there? Now for the bed. The mattress was so hard that we both had back and shoulder pain after a nights sleep.Now for the positives: Mrs. Patel was very nice and welcoming. The fruit basket is a nice touch. The free internet on the ground floor is a big plus. The close proximity to Victoria Station is a big plus. The area is pretty quiet with very little car traffic at night.Would we stay here again? Probably not. I think we would pay a little extra and stay somewhere a bit more comfortable.	
Apr 15 2006	pay the extra $ for something better	My sister and I stayed here based on the reviews in Rick Steves guidebook. Huge mistake!! The bed and pillows were like a rock. The bathroom (and I use that term loosely)was not clean, and in addition it had a see through door. The room was very tiny,with drab, scruffy decor. With two people and two backpacks there was seriously no room for movement. We were prepared for small, compact rooms, but this was ridiculous. On the upside, the location was great-very close to most major attractions. We are going back to London next year and will definitely not be going back to the Cherry Court.	
Mar 31 2006 	Unbeatable location	The Cherry Court is so conveniently located, probably the closest to victoria station in that price bracket. Very important when your feet are tired after trecking the sights of London! Clean, friendly and as a bonus the windows open so there is fresh air too! Strongly recommended	
Feb 16 2006	Great Budget Hotel Value for London	I stayed in a double room at The Cherry Court for three nights in February. Yes, the rooms were on the small side, but I have been in smaller. Yes, the bathrooms are basic, but at least they are private and not shared. The Cherry Court is a typical budget hotel and is a great value for London. Guests have to forsake some amenities (e.g., complementary shampoo, alarm clocks, bedside lamps) but the friendly owners take steps to provide other amenities to make your stay more pleasant (e.g., TVs in rooms, guidebooks available for reference, free Internet access in the lobby (I was also able to get a free wi-fi signal from the room) and the snack basket). The location was great. Victoria Station is surrounded by several interesting counter service eateries and stores with prepared food (such as Marks &amp; Spencer Simply Food – supplement your snack basket with scones and other baked goods!). I would stay at The Cherry Court again, especially if flying via Gatwick Airport as there are several airport trains that stop at Victoria Station.	
Nov 18 2005	Cracker box room great location 	We stayed a total of five nights at the hotel in Sept. 2005. We knew the rooms were tiny, so it was no surprise. We did think, however, that the shoddy carpentry and fittings in the bathrooms were cheesy. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone with more than carry-on bags or anyone who is overweight. The room and bathroom are so small that after a day or two you wish you had spent more money, regardless of your budget. In addition, the beds are like concrete. My husband and I had bruises on our hips and shoulders from the hard bed. The breakfast is left in a basket, filled with fruits, Capri Sun juice boxes, granola bars and candy bars and was fine for us. The free internet access for guests was great. The price cannot be beat for the Belgravia neighborhood, which is upscale and close to Victoria Station and Coach Station, shopping and Buckingham Palace. Too bad it feels like suffering to get that price!	
Oct 28 2005	See Through bathroom door find another hotel	Booked this B&amp;B based on the recommendations on Rick Steve’s Graffiti Wall and tripadvisor. This was the most disappointing B&amp;B of our trip. The room was small (even for London standards) and the “bathroom” was an after thought. To sit on the toilet, one has to put one’s feet into the shower. What’s worse is the “door” to the bathroom is a paper thin, sliding door, with glass panels. You read that right, GLASS (see-through) PANELS. Hence, no privacy when nature calls. The plumbing under the sink leaks. The room is slightly bigger than the bed. There is no room for your luggage, even if you pack light like we did, with only a 20 inch backpack. On the positive side, it’s a short walk to Victoria Station, the owner was friendly, internet access is available, and only 55 pounds/night. We stayed here one night before our flight home. If we were not so exhausted at the end of our trip we would have searched for different accommodations. Suggestion: stay at a different B&amp;B; pay a few extra pounds to get a bathroom without a see-through door.	
Sep 16 2005	Good Value	It is very hard to get a well priced hotel in London. The Cherry court is a good value if you are willing to have a smaller room and not have much privacy in the bathroom. We were and we enjoyed our stay very much. Mrs. Patel was a very nice lady.	
Jul 24 2005	Great location great value	Although the rooms at the Cherry Court Hotel are small, they are quaint and clean. If you are looking for good value at a great location then this is the place for you. Very centrally located on a quiet, pretty street-you'd never know you were so close to everything. The hosts, Mr &amp; Mrs Patel are very attentive and friendly. Ask them anything and they are at your service. The fruit basket was a nice touch and because of the generous portion we managed to eat it through out the day when we needed it after many hours of sight-seeing! The free internet service was also a great bonus. We would love to return to London and the Cherry Court hotel and we would definitely recommend it to others.	
Jul 15 2005	Excellent for a few nights in London	After desperately looking for a place to stay in London, I decided on the Cherry Court Hotel because of the good reviews on TripAdvisor. We were 3 people that stayed in no.1, right on the first floor, next to the reception. It was a small room, tiny bathroom and because of the location of the room (next to the front door and reception), quite noisy. BUT Mrs Patel was absolutely great, very friendly and helpfull. The beds were really great too and I can't fault them on anything else.The location is absolutely great (we had to get the Gatwich Express from Victoria station), so it was only a few minutes walk with our suitcases.If you're looking for luxury, this isn't the place. If you're looking for a place with a great location and want to spend as little as possible on a room that's very decent and perfect to serve as a place to leave your luggage and basically only sleep in, this is definitely the place. I'll highly recommend it to any one battling to get a decently priced place to stay in London.	
Jul 12 2005	Cheapest and Smallest Hotel in London	The price can't be beat in London, but they are absolutely the smallest rooms I've ever stayed in. Imagine a small room, and then imagine it after they've carved out part of it to squeeze in a shower/bathroom.The room wasn't big enough to open my suitcase on the ground; I had to put it on the bed to access. And when my wife and I were crossing to other sides of the room, one of us had to sit on the bed. I laughed out loud when I had to sit on the toilet and my feet were in the shower. On the plus side, it's a reasonably quiet location yet still close to the Victoria tube stop. They have a computer in the very narrow lobby that you can use to check your email. And the breakfast is nice because it's always nice to have some fruit while you travel. Don't consider it a breakfast - it's a snack.It was nice not to spend 100 pounds per night in London (we paid 55 pounds per night). But if I go back to London, I'll be seeking out other accomodations.	
May 28 2005	Great and Friendly Hotel	The hotel is so welcoming. Everyone is very friendly and willing to help in anyway that they can. My sister and I have stayed at many hotels on our trip and this one had the most kind service that made us feel at home. The rooms may be small (although quaint enough for an enjoyable stay)--the heart of this hotel is big. If I ever return to London this is were I'd be staying. I highly recommend this hotel!	
May 8 2005	Great value and central location convenient to buses/underground		
Mar 18 2005	Cherry Court Hotel- Friendly Safe 		
Mar 15 2005	Can't wait to return!		
Sep 29 2004	Won't stay here again		
Jul 7 2004	A nice little hotel close to Victoria Station		
Jun 28 2004	Just okay		
Jun 15 2004	Great place to stay		
Apr 23 2004	Good but Small		
Apr 23 2004	Had an excellent stay at the Cherry Court Hotel		
Jan 16 2004	Would stay here again		
Nov 17 2009 	Centrico		
Oct 13 2009 	Buena relación calidad-precio		
Oct 5 2009 	Relación precio/producto MUY bUENA.		
Oct 4 2009 	Bon rapport qualité prix		
May 19 2009 	Pequeño B		
Mar 2 2009 	on y retournera qualité prix pour Londres et sympa		
Feb 22 2009 	La mejor opción en London Victoria		
Dec 31 2008 	A éviter si claustrophobe		
Dec 2 2008	Buen B		
Jul 11 2008 	No esta Mal		
May 22 2008 	ça vaut la peine !		
Feb 6 2008 	Troppo troppo troppo spartano		
