Nov 23 2009 	WHAT A DELIGHT!!!	We are in our 70's and enjoy London, returning at least once a year. This year, George, Foulla and Alex outdid themelves! As always, George's full English breakfasts last most of the afternoon and a cup of tea with a small sandwich is enough until dinner. This family is remarkable with their solicitous attitude and helpfulness. They gave us a room on the Ground floor right behind the front desk and, as expected, it was compact but just right since we spend as little time as possible in the room. If you expect US sized rooms or bathrooms, then look elsewhere. BUT, if you appreciate good value, friendly staff and helpful folks, then this is the place. We have stayed on several occasions and do appreciate the long tenure of most of the staff members; a familiar face at the front desk and in the hallways and at breakfast are indications of the care George, Foulla and Alex have for their employees. Convenience is another BIG plus for the hotel; Paddington is really just a two minute walk - trains to the West (Bath, Oxford, etc.), the Heathrow Express, four underground lines and less than two minutes are several bus lines. A nice walk to Marble Arch and Hyde Park and several good restaurants closeby including an excellent Indian and Persian. (If you must, there's a BK around the corner.) What more to say? Enjoy your stay with these hosts.	
Nov 23 2009 	Nice B	Just a few minutes from Paddington station. Perfect if you are going spend your time exploring London and not in the hotelroom. Clean but small rooms. Friendly staff and a really good breakfast. You find nice restaurants and bars nearby.	
Nov 22 2009 	Will not come back.	we booked three rooms with tripple bed.1st floor, 2nd flr, 3rd flr.Likes about the hotel:Close to Paddington tube station, location is good, bus stops is just around the corner.pretty quiet street at night. quiet clean. The front desk person is quiet friendly.Breakfast suitable to start the day.Shower pressures is good.Dislikes or negative comments.Mattress is so hard, i can feel the springs.it was uncomfortable all night, my neck was stiff in the morning.Long stretch of stairs -not suitable for disable, breathing problem, weak heart etc..or with heavy suitcases. (No Lift- Elevator)Dining staff are rude (not all) but few of them- screaming and very harsh.some are r quiet sweet tho.Woken up by alarm clock coming from next door room. Checking out time is 11am but they knock you door and call u on the phone at 10.25 to remind u to hurry up to check out as they waiting to clean it in hurry. Maybe u can ask extended time to 11:30am. if u not out by 10:45 they come and knock the door again..Note: if u are the springy hard bed person , it wud be perfect. if u like good stairs exercise, its a perfect place to be.	
Oct 15 2009 	best budget hotel in london- would definitely go back!	We stayed here for 6 nights when we were in London, and I'm so glad we did! The staff were amazingly friendly and helpful, always greeting you with a friendly smile and happy to answer any inquiries we had. We stayed in a double bed room on the first floor up, which was clean and tidy, and included a small cupboard, tv, chest of drawers, a small balcony and an ensuite bathroom attached. We could also access free wireless broadband internet from our room. The shower was incredibly tiny, but I think that's to be expected in London, and the water was always hot! Sheets and towels were changed daily. We didn't hear any outside noise at night, and felt safe to walk around the area, and the hotel is only about a minutes walk to Paddington tube station. There were plenty of great cafes and restaurants in the area as well.The room included a full English Breakfast every morning in the dining room, and the staff and chef were happy to help with any dietary needs (great for us, as a vegetarian and a vegan!). They would happily give you second and third helpings if you needed it. The food was great- cereals, toast, juice, tea/coffee, eggs, bacon, sausages, tomatoes, mushrooms, croissants, you name it, they had it!Payment was quick and easy when we checked out, and they looked after our bags for us for the rest of the day til we needed to go to the airport, and at no extra charge!We would definitely stay here again when travelling to London! We looked at hundreds of hotels and B&amp;Bs in our budget, and the reviews were very off-putting for the most part, but St Davids would have to be one of the best hotels in this price range in the entire city! Stay here- you won't regret it!	
Oct 1 2009 	Good deal great staff	This is a great place. No bugs! Great staff and an awesome breakfast. Just don't let them charge your credit card in anything but GBP or you will get a 3.5 conversion fee, which is NOT from the card company. They told me it was but it is done at the hotel and on the receipt.	
Sep 22 2009 	A good choice	I spent a few nights there two weeks ago; Overall, it was a pleasant stay, and I recommend it for others.pros: - Most of the staff were really helpful and nice. - Good location (especially if you come / go to Heathrow airport, using Heathrow express/connect). Also, there's a bus route from Trafalgar that operates all night long (23, I think)  that stops right next to the hotel (so you can easily go back after the tube closes). next to the hotel- Great prices (for London). - Great breakfast.cons: - Small rooms. - No lift. - No water heater for tea and coffee. A glass of hot water costs money (90 cents). - You leave the keys for the room at the reception. It seems that they just give you whatever number you ask them, without verification (but then again, maybe they remembered me, but I highly doubt it).	
Sep 16 2009 	Money well spent	Picked this hotel after reading TripAdvisor's reviews. Location is brilliant, just a few steps from Paddington Train and Tube stations. Not expensive, considering average accommodation costs in London!Rooms are a tad small. Then again, they're all the same in any other B&amp;B, plus you don't go to London to stay in your hotel room the whole day!. They're cozy and clean, but not soundproof, so it's very easy to hear your neighbours' conversations. Even if you don't want to!We got a room on the last floor and there's no lift. However, the staff is happy to help with luggage. On that topic, everyone is really nice and helpful. Food is quite nice.I'm happy to recommend this hotel and would definitely come back.	
Aug 10 2009 	Great Location Super Staff	My wife and I spent 2 nights at the St. Danid's after returning to London from Paris. This is an older B&amp;B. The rooms and bath are small and there is no air conditioning. We were assigned a room on first floor. It was clean and quiet, once you get used to the Underground passing below the hotel. The staff is friendly and very helpful. The breakfast was excellent but get downstairs early to get a table. We took a room here for easy Heathrow Express travel when we left the UK. If you are looking for a relatively inexpensive and homey hotel in one of the most expensive cities in the world; the St. David's is the place. We will be back!	
Aug 6 2009 	Amazing loved it	I can't say enough good things about this hotel. I arrived in London and had to leave the hotel I stayed at because I didn't find it suitable, and so I was looking in the &quot;Hotel&quot; section of my Frommer's guidebook and it recommended St. David's. I went there and was not disappointed. I stayed here for two weeks and the staff was amazing. They were so kind and helpful. They have a member of staff at the front desk 24 hours a day and they were always very sweet to us. They even gave my boyfriend and I a special rate because they knew our budget was limited. I will miss the staff of this hotel, I enjoyed talking to them. The continental breakfast was amazing. They had a lot to choose from, we never had to wait to sit at a table, and the service was prompt and friendly. The food was very good also, and you can have as much of it as you want.Our room was small, but it was cleaned everyday and it was enough room for us. We even had a small balcony type thing outside of our window that we could go out onto - and our window looked out onto Norfolk Square. It was lovely. The bathroom was also small, but clean and the space was still adequate as long as only one person is in there at a time. The location is very very convenient. Paddington Station, (overground and underground), is literally right down the street to take you anywhere you can think of in the city. However, the hotel is also close enough to Oxford Street that you can walk pretty much anywhere. Hyde Park was about a ten minute walk, Piccadilly Circus about twenty minutes. I was amazed by how excellently placed the hotel was in the city.Last but not least, this hotel is inexpensive. They way undercharge for all of the wonderful service you get if you stay here. I will definitely be staying here again whenever I go to London.	
Aug 2 2009 	A budget hotel with excellent service	If you are looking for a budget hotel close to everything and with excelllent service then this is a great place. The hotel rooms are old and could do with a paint etc but the rooms are clean and the hotel staff are friendly and extremly helpful.We booked a family room on our first stay located in the basement, it was very spacious, with quite a big ensuite bathroom and then on our way back through London we stayed in another family room, this one was a bit smaller and the bathroom was tiny! Also the stairs were a bit of a nightmare with the kids but for a budget hotel its location, the big english breakfast and service were excellent. The hotel is located in a quiet street overlooking a garden square which is lovely.	
Jul 23 2009 	Brilliant Homey B	I have stayed at the St. David several times and I have to say that the family ownership is really above friendly and welcoming. Do not expect lavish, huge american style hotel. It is a charming B&amp;B and should be looked on with appreciation for the history of the area.For example: I was checked on by the owner (whom which by the way, &quot;George&quot; ran the morning breakfast) in the morning when I slept in and was asked if I wanted them to set me something aside for when I came around because the kitchen was closing. Where are you going to get that? Amazing... Although there isnt a lift, they carried my bag up the stairs for me to my room and carried them down when I checked out. I came in pretty late every night and the fellow watching the desk was more than happy to wait up and get the door for me when I got in. WIld! On my return everynite ,...I always got him a piece of fruit or something because I believe i woke him everytime. heheheVery convienient location, very convieinent cost , very friendly and helpful people. Go ...... you will be very happy with the English hospitality.	
Jul 20 2009 	VFM	Pros Alex nedge n the other staff were really helpfull ... Location was awesome ...In the budgetInternet was available ( though close to the lobby only )Cons Rooms were SMALL Breakfast wasnt the BEST english breakfast (+ u have to wait a while to get a table )	
Jul 15 2009 	Great inexpensive place to stay in London	If you are in London to see the sights and not the inside of your hotel room, this is a great place to stay. Sure, the rooms are small, but all we did was sleep there. For the six days we spent in London, we had an en suite (shower and toilet) double room that was clean and comfortable. We were on the back side of the hotel so we didn't have a pretty view, but I didn't go to London to look out of my hotel window. The sheets were always clean, and every morning a full breakfast was served downstairs in the dining room. There are no frills here, but the family that runs the hotel are delightful, friendly and VERY helpful! Paddington station is just a two minute walk, and right around the corner are several nice pubs, a coffee house, and an internet cafe. It is a safe neighborhood that is well lit, and people are always walking around at all hours since there are several hotels on the street.I will most definitely stay there again!	
Jul 14 2009 	Good Hotel Good Location Good Value [For London].	Our family had booked the St. David's a few months ago for a three night stay. We were disappointed when we arrived last saturday to find that the quad room we booked was unavailable and we were being put up next door in the Shakespeare Hotel. To say the room was small would be an understatement, the four single beds just about fitted into it, although Alex, the St. David's manager, assured me that their quad rooms were no different in size. After two nights in the Shakespeare though, we had to get out, for our own sanity. The place was a sea of noise inside the hotel during the night, we even had techno music blasting from the room next door at 2:30 a.m. on that second night. Having had about three hours sleep that night I asked Alex to sort out a place in the St. David's, our original choice of hotel, and he put us in two double rooms next to each other. I have to say that the difference between the hotels was stark. Although there was still a lot of noise outside in the square at night, which is to be expected, inside was like a morgue compared to the Shakespeare and after a long day exploring the sights of London we needed to be able to sleep well, which we did. The St. David's is a friendly hotel in an excellent location and is good value by London standards. The two rooms we had contained a double and single bed, and were clean and spacious [compared to next door]. Breakfast was good also. I'd recommend it to anyone going to London on a budget. One thing though, if there is a problem with your booking and you're offered a room in the Shakespeare, don't take it.	
Jul 1 2009 	Excellent value overall	This is a small English hotel located in one of the most expensive cities in the world and what I got for 40 pounds I must say, was quite good. To quickly summarize,The Positives:- Fantastic location: less than 2 minute walk to Paddington Tube station, a cheap internet cafe, various restaurants and newsagents - Outstanding service: the family in charge are wonderful, informative hosts and they even allowed me to check-in to my room at 9:00 a.m!- Full English breakfast provided- Overall excellent value for money - There was a fan in my room which was quite useful during hot summer daysThe Negative:- Room was tiny (though fairly common for London budget hotels)To top it all off, the morning I left Alex, I believe, called for a taxi to take me to the train station and a Mercedes Benz arrived which charged me the same amount as would have the usual cars. Overall it was an outstanding stay and I wouldn't hesitate to stay there again.	
Jun 28 2009 	Great accomodation staff and location!	When I planned my trip to London I didn't choose to stay in this hotel. I run into St. David's by chance and I have been very lucky.After a bad waking up in another hotel, I and my boyfriend decided to look for another accomadation. So we walked into St. David's asking if there was any room available for the night (it was Saturday morning), after two seconds we payed our account and left our bags at the reception.The room was really nice, clean and spacious. The bed was comfy and clean and the bathroom was spotless. There is no soap in the bathroom but I guess it's normal considering the rank of the hotel.The staff was really friendly, each of them. They are willing to help you and to assist you. Always smiling and this is a great plus. The area is a good starting point if you want to visit London. The tube is just around the corner and in ten minutes you are in the heart of London.Oh, the breakfast. I am not used to have English breakfast so they brought me three croissants but my boyfriend said it was good.I will be back when I go back to London.	
Jun 14 2009 	Be prepared and ask questions	St Davids staff gives this the recognition it deserves. Ask as many questions before you go so you're not surprised/disappointed. * Arriving at midnight , several of our friends gasped when they learned of the neighborhood. Alex vanquished our concerns explaining it was a 3 minute walk on busy streets to the hotel.* Knowing there was no lift, we requested of Alex and received a room on the 1st floor since my husband has knee probelms. * We travel lightly and didn't want to bring anything not necesary. We asked Alex what they had as far as amenites so we had them on hand. eg no shampooThere is no air in the rooms but there is a fan which made it comfortable. Bring ear plugs if you're a light sleeper. WI-fi avilable but only in the lobby or breakfast room. Since there are only room for 3 chairs in the lobby, it's first come first serve	
Apr 28 2009 	Great budget hotel and location for exploring London!	St. David's is a great place for budget-minded travellers. The location, just minutes from Paddington Station and the many bus lines, is perfect. The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful. The star is Alex, the manager. He made us feel very welcome and gave us excellent advice which resulted in our be able to explore wonderful London independently. Alex's family runs the hotel and it is common to see his mom checking on breakfast and rooms while his dad serves as the chef (complete with chef's hat). The breakfasts were wonderful! The rooms were small but clean and comfortable. The only possible problem is the many stairs one has to climb - as there is no elevator. However, the ground floor rooms are perfect for people with mobility issues. We even noticed that some one had breakfast delivered to their room....as the dining area is located in the basement. We really enjoyed our time and would happily return on our next visit.	
Apr 20 2009 	Location location location!	Excellent email communications before we arrived. We were able to make plans based on the info we got from Alex. We booked a double, but were given a triple facing the park. I can't imagine having a room without a window. Clean towels everyday, only one outlet for charging batteries, very gracious staff. Modular bathroom for this room - a bit small for my husband, but plenty of hot water. The bed was very comfortable. My husband loved the English breakfasts and I had the yogurt and toast (you have to ask for yogurt and cereal). Our favorite eating place was the Pride of Paddington - pub around 2 blocks away. Large portions, great atmosphere and good prices. Buy the all day metro pass for 8 pounds after 9:30 am and you can venture anywhere without worry. St. David's is THE place to start your London adventure without breaking the bank on a hotel room. At 80 pounds, this was a great deal!	
Apr 19 2009	Great location and service trump an otherwise tired hotel	First things first - this is a BUDGET hotel in LONDON. OK, so a traveller (esp. if you're used to Canadian/US hotels with large rooms and modern facilities) cannot have expectations set too high. The building is old, and the rooms and decor are very tired-looking. Plus, the cost of accommodation in London is astronomical. We paid 80 GBP per night for our twin room with private bath and breakfast. This converts to about $145 Cdn, and if I was paying that here at home in March, I'd get a Four Points Sheraton or something of that nature. But London being London, this was as economical as I could find while still being in a safe and convenient neighbourhood. And the room was clean where it counted, namely bathroom and bedsheets (changed daily).The location is a big plus. St. David's is a couple of minutes' walk from Paddington, and buses run along Praed Street, which is just behind the hotel. It's also less than five minutes' walk from Edgeware Road. The neighbourhood has lots of places to pick up fresh fruit, bottled water, souvenirs and pub lunches (though I never got a chance to eat nearby).The other plus is the staff. They were very accommodating, and Alex is extremely knowledgeable about London. Everyone there was exceptionally friendly.Breakfast is greasy, but filling. I discovered that you can try to counter the cholesterol by declining the full English breakfast and asking instead for muesli cereal with yogurt (although they're quite happy to serve you the full fry-up in addition to the cereal if you wish).If you are a runner, I would recommend that you bring your gear, as Hyde Park is a five minute jog away, and the loop around the Serpentine is quite nice. You can see the Princess Diana Memorial Fountain, and equestrians riding along the special dirt horse path.My favourite lunch place during my quick trip was the Crypt Cafe at St. Martin in the Fields Church in Trafalgar Square.	
Apr 15 2009 	clean and friendly great deal for a budget hotel	We were on the 4th floor which is a bit tiresome without lifts but we knew that going in. Our room was pretty spacious for a budget hotel, but I did see others that were rather cramped. Bathroom tiny. It is not updated and we only had one electrical plug so recharging Ipods etc and drying hair without a mirror were a bit difficult but not dealbreakers. There is an internet cafe nearby and restaurants (both sit down and fast food) and grocery all within a 3 min or less walk and convenient to tube station/bus stop.. Breakfast hearty and filling and if you don't like english breakfast they also have mueslix, croissants or yogurt. Would go back	
Apr 11 2009 	Great Value for Your Money	Everything you need to make your trip more enjoyable starts off by staying at the St. David's Hotel, from their wonderful hospitality to the location. The price is right, the service, including breakfast, is perfect. The staff is helpful, informative and have a great attitude. If you're on a budget, you could not do better than staying here.	
Jan 14 2009 	Excellent value for the money	Stayed at St. David's two nights in September. Excellent value for the price. Moderately clean and good breakfast. Excellent location next to Euston Station. Small rooms and very small shared toilet. But again, for the price it was good value. Staff were also pleasant and helpful. Next trip to London, I'll stay in St. David's again.	
Dec 7 2008 	We'll be back to St. David's!	My 15 year old daughter and I spent an outstanding week at St. David's just before Thanksgiving. As two women alone, we had contemplated a B&amp;B initially, thinking that this might be a safer alternative to hotel accomodations. We ended up choosing St. David's based on the reviews here, and it's location to Paddington Station. We could not have been more pleased! This IS a budget hotel, they bill themselves as such, so we had no unmet expectations. Our room was up three flights of narrow stairs, but we had assistance with our luggage, so this was of NO consequence. The room was bright, clean, and comfortable. Yes the bathroom was tiny, as other reviewers pointed out, but the water was hot, the toilet &amp; shower clean... all that we needed. The breakfast each morning was nothing short of a feast! The staff was extremely kind, patient, and knowledgeable. They tirelessly answered our questions about how to navigate London transportation. The location, a quick walk from Paddington Station, with nearly limitless tube and train service, was unbeatable. When internet access was needed, I took my laptop down into the lobby and was able to access instantly. As we spent our days out and about I saw several of the other hotels we had considered, and without fail dismissed them for future trips. We will definately stay again with St. Davids. For a budget property in London, I don't think we could have done any better. Thank you St. David's for a wonderful week!	
Dec 4 2008 	very good service	We booked the room on the lower floor with 6 beds in it.there was a seperated bathroom with toilet ,shower and wash basin quite roomy and nice and cold to store food and drinks.The breakfast was excellent with the egg fried the way you like.Eventhough you felt and heard the underground ,it did not worry us and we all slept really well.The owners were always there and were very friendly.Location is great with a short walk to the underground.They even sent us my wallet that I had left in the room after we left with all the cards and cash still in it!Highly reccommend as a good budget hotel	
Nov 27 2008 	St Davids... we keep on coming back!	We last stayed at St Davids for 3 nights in early August this year. In fact we like it so much we use it as a base every time we are in London. Apart from the location ( a 3 min walk from Paddington Station) and the surrounding facilities (great restaurants/ Coin Laundry/Short walk to hyde Park) It is a friendly, comfortable and convenient place to stay. There are , however a couple of things that need to made very clear.. It is NOT a modern, upmarket establishment with all the bells and whistles. The rooms are small, but adequate. London is such a fabulous place you dont spend a lot of time in your room except to sleep. ( they have a TV and a fan and there is free WIFI if you are travelling with your computer)The bathrooms are small but adequate. (the towels are changed daily)We have stayed there on 6 occassions and EVERY time the rooms have been clean and well maintained.. The curtains DO NOT match the bedspreads... but that doesn't matter..(at least not to me anyhow) There is no lift in the premises (a complaint that i have read frequently in reviews of this property) Again... that doesn't matter to me.. I can understand that for some people who are in a wheelchair or those who have mobility problems then it would be a problem but for able bodied adults who can walk up one or two flights of stairs then it shouldn't be a problem. (In my experience the staff are more than happy to deliver your bags to your room anyway)...Staff.. what can i say about the staff... George and Foula who run St Davids are charming hosts... George does an amazing job at breakfast with his staff in the kitchen... nothing is too much trouble and the food is excellent. But beware.. the dining room is not all modern and high tech... in fact its probably more akin to visiting your favorite aunts place.. it is homely BUT more importantly it's clean and tidy. My husband..(bless his cotton socks) says that i am a germaphobe.. and if a place passes my tests then it has to be clean!Their son Alex is often behind the front desk and his knowlege of London (along with his parents and other staff that work behind the desk after hours is fabulous). He will tell you the best places to eat... how to get to different sigtseeing attractions ... how to save money on the public transport etc.. if you can think of a question... Alex will have an answer for it... and if he doesn't then he will find out for you and let you know!Basically in a nutshell.. if you want a place to stay in London that wont break the bank... is clean... safe.... and in a good location, with breakfast and WIFI included and with friendly, knowledgable hosts that make you feel like youve come home when you walk in the door... then this is the place for you..If you want the bells and whistles... a concierge, a lift, room service and white coated waiters at breakfast.(that you will have to pay extra for). DONT STAY HERE... STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE.,.. but it will cost you.	
Oct 29 2008 	Amazing Hotel	The bad reviews that we read about this place were totally false. This hotel is a very nice place to stay, one of the best places in London i'd say, it has excellent service and amazing english breakfest. Alex's family and staff are very helpful. When we stayed there, we stayed there from oct 10 - oct 13 and while we left to go around in Europe, they kept our luggage for us until we returned on the 22nd and stayed till the 25th. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone, it has a very warm, friendly atmosphere. From your friends in Canada, Cory, Deb, Jerry, Grant, Kody and Justin.	
Sep 30 2008 	Very good budget hotel	I and my wife had been staying at St. David's for a week in september 2008. I'd chosen it from plenty of London hotels according to price, location and reviews.We'd got exactly what we were promised, except that the room was for 3 instead double. Probably all double rooms were occupied.The price is not high comparatively, the owners are nice people and the staff is friendly.the location is fantastic. It's 3 minutes walk from tube station. Tere are direct trains from Paddingtin to Heathrow. There are lot of shops and restorants near the hotel.Our room was on the third floor (without lift), so I had to carry our big and heavy suitcase upstairs. But I think it's OK for this price and tis class of hotels.The furniture and the equipment were not new but were clean and in good repair. We were lucky to have window looking out on the street, the look was lovely. There wasn't hair dryer in the room, so if you need it you must have your own one with you. They have coffee machine in the reception, so if you want some coffee you must go downstairs.Bathroom was rather small but convenient. Hot and cold water any time. Everything was clean and tidy.We could feel trains passing sometimes, but not so it could bother us.The full english breakfast (exactly as you can see it in Wikipedia descriptuon) was delicious and substantial. So we didn't think of meal till lunchtime.If I happen to be to London again I'll stay at St. David's.	
Sep 1 2008 	Okay for the price location was great though	Stayed 3 nights at St Davids between Xmas and New Year's Day in Dec 07. Due to the peak holiday season and the fact that we really wanted to spend more on shopping than on accommodation, we really didn't have much choice for our budget, esp with the strong British Pound. For the price, St David's was okay ... we had read alot of the reviews here and expected small toilets, steep staircases, some noise from the underground and small rooms. As we had managed our expectations, we were more than happy with St David's. Plus points - location, location, location! It was literally &quot;around the corner&quot; from the Paddington Underground and Heathrow Express, which made travelling around the city and to/from the airport really convenient. There were also lots of places to eat and small convenience stores in the area, plus the stop for the Big Bus double-decker was again just &quot;around the corner'. The family that manages the hotel is really friendly. Passing by the small lobby area was like stepping into someone's home - they were always cheery and never too effusive. Leaving our luggage in the lobby before our 10pm flight was also no problem - they assured us our bags will be well looked after and they were. The breakfast - toast, eggs, baked beans, sausage, juice, coffee - was substantial for us since we don't usually eat breakfast. It was very homestyle, nothing fancy, but it came piping hot to the table and most of the staff served it with a smile. Reminded me a little of the breakfasts my nanny used to cook when I was very young, so it was fairly sentimental for me! Heeding the advice of some reviewers, we requested for a room on the 1st floor (the level above the lobby) so that we didn't have to climb too much with our luggage (my partner has a bad knee too). We were glad they remembered, so we didn't have much of a problem with the stairs. Room was okay, comfy despite the dated decor. We had no problems with the bed - slept like babies every night, probably coz we were so tired. Other reviewers wrote about dirty carpets and toilets etc - we didn't have those experiences. Our room was quite clean. Anyway, we had seen some of the photos posted by others on this site, so we knew exactly what we were getting. There were really no surprises for us in any way. Some cons - yes, the decor is dated as others have mentioned and the toilets are small. However, being petite, we didn't have much of a problem in the shower. If you are taller than 1.7m and larger in stature, I would imagine that you may have a problem in the airplane sized toilet. The room was fairly stuffy, even in the dead of winter - we had to open the windows fully in the night! If you are going in summer, there is a fan, but it may still be rather warm. All in all, St David's is a good choice for the price AND the location AND the friendly helpful hosts. We have heard of and seen some far skankier places in London's Paddington and Bayswater area for the same price. We won't hesitate to stay here again, esp if we can get the same room.	
Aug 21 2008 	Could be OK hostel	This was very much worst stay I had, ever. We went to London with our friends and it was supposed to be a nice relaxing weekend, but… We couldn't find available accommodation and our friends were limited on the budget. So they proposed staying at St. Davids entirely based on previous reviews. I didn't expect much but we give it a try. Check in was OK, quick and quite, not welcoming as other said, but no need for that either. So we went up, we were given room that overlooked to the park in front of the hotel. The room was smallest I have ever seen. Dark, shabby, outdated and over all dirty. Carpets haven't seen vacuum cleaner for years. It seemed like we entered to a closet. And then we discovered that there is another closet inside the room, which looked like bathroom. And bathroom it was. That is actually small cabin inside of the wall. I find it pretty handy; I could seat on the toilet grab the TV controller from the bed and watch TV. That small it was. While taking a shower you have to open doors of that small cabin because there is no air inside, just steam from hot water.Since window was open we tried to close it but we couldn't lock it up. And there was some kind of sharing balcony someone could easily come into our room from other rooms. Bed was very hard and outdated and we find lots of hairs from previous guests under pillows and linen. After jumping over our luggage on the floor and trying to hit the doors instead of &quot;bathroom&quot; we meet with our friends and discovered that we were lucky. They've got even smaller room (!) with backyard view, meaning steam and chimneys in view, as cream on top. Breakfast was another depressive experience. It was served in the basement hole, with no air available. Look and taste of the food was very poor. We felt really bad and depressive.On a good side is location which is quite convenient, underground station is just couple of minutes walk from hotel.Overall I really can’t find any positives, except location, because major problems could be fixed, like cleanliness, outdated furniture, bed etc. After we read reviews we felt completely befooled. Even I find it overpriced because I have slept in much cheaper hostels that had en suite bathroom and were in ten times better condition than this hotel. Not mention it that we have payed 10 pounds more next time we went to London and we slept in excellent hotel and enjoyed our stay.	
Jun 25 2008 	Cheap hotel in London	Value ++, Hygene -, Comfort -, Staff +, Inclusions +, Location ++.VALUE: For a hotel double room in London GBP60 per night (shared bathroom) including breakfast is very cheap. Mind you when you don't pay a lot you don't get a lot either. There is very little space in each room.HYGENE: The rooms are carpeted and not vacuumed very well. They were prepared to vacuum the room again for me however I borrowed a vacuum cleaner and cleaned it myself. COMFORT: There were loose springs in the mattress that made me glad to get up each morning. The beds are old and the pillows are not very comfortable. Avoid room 112. It was our second room at this hotel and, when someone went to the toilet, there was an unpleasant odour vented into the room via the sink. There was no odour discomfort in our previous room.STAFF: This is a family run hotel and the operators are nice. Their knowledge of London bus and train services and tourist attractions is very good.INCLUSIONS: The room rate includes a very nice &quot;Full English&quot; breakfast. If you are a large eater they give you extra! To purchase an equivalent breakfast you would pay GBP6-8 each.LOCATION: This hotel is within easy walking distance of Paddington Railway Station. Access from Heathrow is so easy, from the airport railway station take the Heathrow Express (GBP15.50) or the Heathrow Connect (GBP6.90) to Paddington Station. Norfolk Square is only a few minutes walk from the station.	
Jun 13 2008 	Great Hotel	St. David's Hotel was amazing. I visited with my husband and our two daughters, ages 16 and 20. We had two rooms next to each other. The rooms were fairly spaceous for Europe. The bathroom was tiny, but sufficient. The water pressure and hot water were never lacking. The full English Breakfast was awesome, we were there for three mornings and never got tired of the food. The staff is amazing, they helped with anything we asked for. Alex was the best though, he made us feel at home from the moment we walked through the door. The hotel is close to Paddington Station and easy access to the buses. We would defeinitely stay there again.	
May 26 2008 	I'll Be Back!	For the second time, I stayed at St. David's near Paddington Station on a trip to London. The first time I was all alone. In Oct 2007, I took a friend. Both stays were excellent because of the personal service and attentiveness of the staff. Rooms were small (of course) and bathrooms were down the hall (so european!!!) but you can't beat the price or location of this wonderful, friendly B&amp;B.....and we looked forward to the delicious English Breakfast every morning. St. David's is now my official home in London. I'll be back!!!	
May 20 2008 	Loved Everything About London!	I searched and searched for a hotel that would fit our American budget, served a delicious full English breakfast and had a comfortable bed and pillow! I found it by reading everyones reviews on this web-site and hit the jack-pot when we made reservations for 7 nights at St. Davids! Loved the owners, very welcoming and accomodating, breakfast was fantastic and specially prepared by chef &amp; owner George! We fell in love with London and can't wait to go back again and again! We weren't looking for anything fancy since we were out of the room right after breakfast and seeing all the sites until we couldn't walk anymore. Our room was up one flight of stairs, over looked the square and had a huge window that could be opened for a nice breeze. The shower provided good pressure and plenty of hot water. Slept great on a very comfortable bed and pillow! Tube never bothered us. My sister was in town and met us at the hotel. Since then she too will be staying here next time she plans to visit!Thanks for everything George, Foula and Alex! We really appreciate your beautiful smiles, helpful charm and great hospitality! Hope to see you next year!	
May 13 2008 	A night at St Davd's	I stayed here on a Saturday night as part of a Hen Night Party Package which we had arranged so had no input into the hotel in which we stayed.The hotel reflected the price we paid per room.The hotel décor is tired and dated with chipped wallpaper and old fashioned carpet. The beds in our room could have done with replacing as our mattresses were worn and springy and the duvet covers were the horrible floral variety. The hotel could definitely benefit from some modernisation as this is what lets it down! Otherwise the location (less than 5 mins walk from Paddington tube station and down a quiet picturesque street) and service were perfect. The owner and his family were very friendly and helpful.We were based on the third floor and had a long trek up the rather narrow stairs due to the lack of elevator in the building. Luckily we only had a small rucksack each but I would hate to think how people struggle if they have a lot of luggage or even just one massive heavy suitcase! On a positive side, at least on the third floor we were not affected too much by the noise of the trains. This was certainly prominent down in the basement where we ate breakfast, not to mention the vibrations!!If you like your comforts such as a hairdryer or tea and coffee making facilities in your room, this is not the place to stay as none are provided. What was very welcome though, was the fan in our room particularly as our window would not stay open and the temperature was 27 degrees. Luckily our room was somewhere to lay our head at night but I probably would not stay here again if my visit was longer.On the plus side, we enjoyed a hearty breakfast on Sunday morning which was included in the price. We had a slight wait for a table but this was our fault as we came down at 8,45am when breakfast finished at 9am! We ordered a full English consisting of 2 rashes of bacon, fried egg, baked beans, grilled tomato and mushrooms. One of our party did not fancy this and asked if she could just have beans on toast. Our waitress was very accommodating and brought out a plate without any fuss. Service was very good and nothing was too much for our waitress who was very polite and made sure we had enough tea and toast.	
Apr 16 2008 	okay	My son and I stayed here for 3 nights in April. Two really good things...the location is awesome. Lots of places to eat, shops, and close to Paddington and the bus line. The breakfast is great, with great staff and the proprietor/cook visiting each table. Not so great? The beds, which were hard and uncomfortable, even when I was exhausted. The ensuite bathroom just big enough to turn around in, (picture an airplane toilet with a shower) no where to put anything...we ended up skipping showers the last couple of days. One more problem? Not being able to make a phone call from our room. I asked and complained and felt like the staff really didn't care. London isn't in a 3rd world country and a phone call (local at that) shouldn't be a huge problem. I stayed in 3 different hotels this trip in England and Scotland and St. David's was the worst of the 3. It would also be nice if they had in-room tea facilities, like every other place I stayed.	
Apr 8 2008	perfect budget hotel	We can highly recommend this hotel for schoolgroups as this was our 2nd visit to this hotel. The owners are very welcoming and treat you with so much warmth and affection that makes you feel special. It is a great location for sightseeing with many local facilities [shops and restuarants] within metres of the front door. All the 6th form students had a wonderful time. Many thanks to all the staff. We look forward to another vist in the future. Glastry College, Co Down.	
Mar 29 2008	Friendliest Hotel in London	We just came back from four nights at the St David's Hotel in London. We found the family that runs it to be exceeding helpful and kind. They stored some of our luggage for us for five days, they greeted us by name, they fed us enormous breakfasts. The weather in London was frightful but the warmth of the hospitality at St David's Hotel made up for it.	
Mar 28 2008 	Great Stay	This is the second time we have stayed at St.Davids, and it was a very nice place to stay in a great location in London. While it might not be brand new, it is clean, the employees are terrific and very helpful, the breakfast is a great. This is a family run hotel, and they make you feel very welcome.It is very close to Paddington station, so there are a lot of options for tube/train travel to anywhere in London.	
Mar 11 2008 	Affordable Hotel near Paddington Station	My fiancé and I stayed at St. David's for four nights over New Years 2007. We were visiting London on a budget and spilt our stay between here and a hostel. We were very happy with the quality of the hotel for the price we paid. Our room was a double with an ensuite shower and toilet which overlooked the train tracks below. The room was small but we felt it was perfect for two people and the rumble of the trains below was not noticeable to us at all. The staff was very friendly and helpful and Paddington Station and the Tube is right around the corner. This hotel is older and has some wear, but it is clean, well kept and the English breakfast served each morning is excellent.	
Mar 9 2008 	Convenient location but not much else	We chose St. David's because of the price (reasonably cheap for London) and the location (we had an early morning flight, and Paddington Station and the Heathrow Express are right around the corner). The hotel worked for the brief night's rest we needed, but we'd never stay here again. The room was decent-sized but felt musty and unclean. Ensuite bathroom was tiny- toilet, sink, and shower crammed into a space hardly large enough for one of those. Even so, we wouldn't have minded the small space as much if it had been clean and had decent water pressure. There were a lot of stairs to climb to our room, so if you have limited mobility be sure to request a first-floor room as there is no elevator. It's difficult to find quality lodging in London that doesn't cost a fortune, but we'd recommend looking around the Notting Hill area, as we've had much better luck there. The best we can say for this hotel is that we were able to make our early flight.	
Feb 9 2008 	Perfectly satisfactory	I stayed at St David's for my first visit to London in January. I travelled alone, and was very nervous about choosing a hotel.My priorities were to have somewhere clean and secure in a good location for sightseeing in London and travel too and from London, that wasn't outrageously expensive (hard to find in London!).St David's fit the bill perfectly. I felt safe in the room, which was on the first floor-therefore no problems getting my bag there, despite there being no lift.Lots of people complained about the noise of the tube-I did not have a problem with this (and I was on the first floor), but since I was tired, I used earplugs anyway.The room was literally only a bed and a shower and toilet, but it was more than satisfactory for my purposes. The bathroom smelt like it had been cleaned when I arrived and the bed sheets were clean after close inspection. Not the most comfy bed, but I still slept well, being a little tired.Temperature of the room was fine, didn't have to use the heater, despite it being January. I had locks on my suitcase for when I went out, so no prbs with security at all.Breakfast was included in room price, awesome work there, since everything is so expensive in London.BEST FEATURE: LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION! Literally a block (1min walk) from Paddington station, which has trains to Heathrow and Marylebone is the next station along, which links to National Rail.And the proprietor was lovely, although I unfortunately only met him on the last day-walked me to the door and waved to me as I walked down the street! Very friendly for a 'London-er'!	
Jan 18 2008	ok	Im giving it an average because to be honest, I think London is a difficult city to find reasonably priced and nice places to stay. You pay alot for very little here when compared to other citys and this must be kept in mind! It took me ages to find a reasonably priced hotel in London, with good location and which also had good reviews on TripAdvisor. St David's was one of the few. St Davids is very well situated - around 15 minutes walk to oxford street &amp; paddington station only few minutes away. I have stayed in alot nicer hotels for less money and even better location in different city's so I think I was a little taken aback when we got to our room. It was adequete: safe, relatively comfortable and warm but it just seemed very tired and old. The curtains in our room were dirty - mouldy on the side facing the window. We were out and about for most of the day and evening. We basically only slept and showered there so for that it was perfect. We did have the breakfast there one morning and it was not nice. I am not a food critique by any stretch of the imagination and would try pretty much anything but the fry we got was not nice. Towels were changed everyday and a hairdryer was provided when i asked for it which was good. We were able to leave our bags in the reception the day we left, while we waited to leave for the airport which is also helpful and the staff are friendly. St . Davids is ok as long as you dont expect too much and realise that London is a very expensive city.	
Dec 9 2007 	"Graet Location	My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights in September. The location was great, just down the road from Paddington station. Take the Heathrow Express, if flying in from Aus, very easy to find. We had a room facing Norfolk Sq on the ground floor and it was noisy the first night due to travellers in next door hotel sitting on stairs, but ok the other nights. Breakfast very filling with friendly staff on hand. Laundromat across road was very handy, also quite a few pubs and restaurants nearby all in walking distance. Also close to bus routes and near to the stop for On/Off Bus Tour. Although bathroom and room quite small, good value for money in London.	
Nov 17 2007 	Noisy and old. I would go somewhere else	I booked a room at this hotel for several reasons. It was affordable, it had good reviews and it was close to Paddington Station from which I had to take a train the morning after. Well, as soon as I got into my room I realised I was inside the train station. As many other reviewers already said, if you get a room in the ground floor, keep inmind that you will vibrate with the hole room each time a train passes.The room itself was old and tiny. I could clearly hear other guest talk and use their bathroom. No shampoo and no hairdryer where provided. The bathroom itself was so tiny that I could barely move inside it. Not to mention the sink. Moreover, water pressure was barely appreciable. I have to say that everything was clean but the overall state of the room did not make me feel that I was in a pretty clean environment.The very positive aspect was that I could access the WiFi internet connection from my room, which was very close to the reception. I guess this hotel is above standard if compared with other budget hotels (is £75 for a double room really budget?), but I would not go there again and certainly not in a ground floor room!!	
Nov 12 2007 	Noisy front rooms but good budget hotel	Unless you are a really heavy sleeper I doubt you'll get a good night's sleep in any of the rooms overlooking Norfolk Square.I stayed there 3 nights - and while loving the location, the tiny rooms, the breakfast and the friendly staff - a BIG minus was the nightime noise.It's on the direct walk from the station, the shops, the bars and the restauarnts to several other budget hotels - so a procession of loud, drunk people walk past until the early hours. As it's a square - the noise is magnified and you can here every word....and grunt and groan...and worse...In addition some of the people arrive to check in - and as the hotel has old narrow, steep stairs you also have to suffer late arriving guests panting up each flight -Rooms at the back may be quieter....	
Nov 1 2007 	Friendly welcome in London	I stayed here for 2 nights in September. My husband and I arrived very early in the morning after our flight from Australia. The room wasn't ready but we were sent down to have breakfast and the room was ready by the time we finished. It was really good to be able to access the room this early as we could have a shower and get freshened up and get on with the day. The staff were really friendly and helpful and the breakfasts were great.The room was small and the bathroom even smaller but this is how it is in London unless you want to pay for 5 star hotels! It was clean and comfortable and I would certainly stay here again.	
Oct 29 2007 	Good Cheap Hotel close to Tube 	I was reviewing other hotels on Tripadvisor, when I read a review comparing some other hotel to St. Davids. I immediately researched this hotel and read the great reviews. We originally booked our rooms (2 senior couples) for 3 nights, but at the last minute we asked to add an extra night at the front of our stay. They were able to accommodate us, but only had rooms on the 3rd and 4th floors, a bit tough on seniors. However the next day they moved us down to the 1st floor. I found the breakfasts a bit repetitious after the first 2 mornings, but no real complaints. The closeness to Paddington Station was a big plus, as was the location on a quiet street.	
Oct 28 2007	Friendly Staff	We were at the St. David`s Hotels for a week and it was very nice. The staff was very friendly and the English Breakfast was very good.The room was very tidy and the bathroom was clean . We enjoyed the family atmosphere .Foulla and Alex always gave us good advice about London .	
Oct 5 2007 	Fabulous for London	I just spent 6 nights at the lovely St David's Hotel. The staff is great, the breakfast outstanding and the serving ladies the best. When I first arrived I was offered a ground floor room but requested a higher floor because, as others have noted, the underground rumbles beneath you. Fortunately, I was moved to the 2nd floor and I had a most delightful stay. This hotel is very good value for the money. The location is excellent and the rooms are quite good for what you are usually offered in London hotels of a similar price. My stay was excellent because I was moved upstairs. I can understand the complaints of those that were downstairs. As they say, location, location, location! (it's important both inside and outside the hotel!)	
Sep 21 2007 	Not bad at all!	This was the first hotel my husband and I stayed at on our 2.5 month trip to Europe. We arrived at Paddington Station at 7am and found the hotel easily (just down the road!). The owner was very friendly and welcoming, and once she found out my husband spoke Greek we were instantly part of the family. Even though our room wasn't ready, being so early, she said we were welcome to have breakfast (at no charge) while we waited. The room itself was ok, although as mentioned the bathroom was tiny! However, we were quite comfortable and everything was clean, so no issues there. Both of us enjoyed the breakfasts and the serving ladies are very nice. The only negative point were the stairs - very steep and difficult when you have heavy suitcases. Otherwise, the hotel is in a great location, with lots of shops and restaurants outside. It was good value for the price!	
Sep 18 2007	Plus and Minus	This hotel is very clean and the people who run it are very friendly and helpful.It is near Paddington Station which is both a plus and a minus. The room I was in shook with every train, if you can sleep thru the noise no problem. The bathroom is very, very small and the shower even smaller, both kept very clean. Wouldn't stay here again because of the noise from the trains and the beds are hard.	
Aug 11 2007 	Good for the price	I spent 4 nights in the single basic room on the 4th floor at 40 pounds per night.Dearest Alex offerd me either a room facing the greeny square on the 4th floor or the facing back on the 2nd floor, and I chose the more quiet one.As I feard, climbing up the stairs was hell, but the room was quiet and I often kept the window open to get the fresh air.The room was very very very tiny, but I found it quite confortable and convenient. It is equipped with only basic items... a tiny bed, a basin, a TV, a fan on the wall, one large towel, a bar of soap, a glass, thats about it, but I had basicly what I need, and they made up the bed and changed the towel every day.Shower room is also very very very tiny... think of a small closet and put a shower booth and a toilet in it! But it was always kept clean and I had enough hot water.Breakfast is very fine. You get full English breakfast and/or cold cerials and yogurt if you ask.Location is great, just one block from the Paddington sqaure and many bas routs. There are M&amp;S and Saindsbery at the station, and several reastrants and Pubs around.After all, the stay at this hotel is nothing fancy, so you shouldn't expect or dream too much reading all the fancy comments on tripadvisor. But you will get everything you need. I should say it is good for the price.	
Aug 7 2007	Puts the budget in budget hotel	Stayed 3 nights at the St. David's from Aug. 2 - 5. Overall, you get what you pay for: Very modest accomodations at a modest price (for London). If you want something closer to an American-style hotel and can afford it, go somewhere else. But if you're just interested in a clean, quiet, average place to stay, this is OK. The room was incredibly small (we were stumbling over each other as we moved around), but that may be standard for most London hotel rooms from what I've read. The staff was nice and accomodating. Breakfast was adequate, but not great. Location was very convenient, being just around the corner from Paddington Station. The hotel faces onto a one-block city park (Norfolk Square), and it was very quiet at night (to our complete surprise). The buildings lining both sides of the block are all hotels, which look like they were walk-up brownstone apartment buildings in an earlier life. The ones on the opposite side of the park all appeared to be a cut above the ones on our side of the park (including the St. David's).	
Aug 1 2007 	Very pleased with St David's Paddington	We booked accommodation at St David's, Paddington primarily because of the good reviews on TripAdvisor and not being able to find a better alternative for our circumstances. We were looking for a n ensuite room for two adults - clean, comfortable, reasonably priced and conveniently located in London. We were not disappointed, and would be happy to stay there again. We booked our room by email direct to St David's in November 2006 and received a same-day reply with price from Alex. We accepted the 69 pound per night quote and secured a room by providing credit card details.On arrival 7 months later our reservation was intact; the rate quoted was honoured and we received a very friendly welcome. We travelled to Paddington Station by train from Heathrow and it was a breeze to find and reach St David's on foot, each with a suitcase and small backpack.We were allocated a room on the ground floor, which pleased us, as we didn't have to carry our bags upstairs. It was small, with a double bed, and a separate shower room, and a separate toilet with hand basin. It was quite difficult for both of us to move around in the bedroom at the same time; nor could our suitcases be stored on the floor without becoming significant obstacles. However, we knew in advance from TripAdvisor that this was likely, so we were not unduly upset by this.Our only outlook was to a central space surrounded by other rooms on several floors. With our window open for fresh air, any external noise was quickly evident. This included an English bloke below loudly berating his double-crossing lover on the phone and repeated slamming of an internal door. Fortunately this stopped after an hour.The underground trains were evident as low rumbling noises and minor vibration, but we were so buggered, first by jet lag and later by exhaustion after extensive walking tours of London that this was not a problem for us. We lost no sleep because of it.Our room had a small wall fan which proved very useful on the couple of warm evenings we experienced. We also had a small wall-mounted TV.The ensuite facilities were also small but manageable and there was no shortage of hot water.Our room was well worn but was very clean and was rejuvenated each day by hotel staff. If we needed an extra towel, soap etc, it was supplied in friendly fashion without hesitation.Room keys are handed in at the front desk whenever you leave the hotel; there is also a hotel safe if needed.Breakfast is served from 5.30am in the basement dining room and is included in the room rate. You can have a full English breakfast (bacon, eggs, sausage, tomato, mushrooms and baked beans) and/or juice, cereal, yoghurt, toast, tea or coffee. The staff were always prompt in their service and eager to ensure we'd had sufficient. One morning, the chef came out to the dining room to greet every table. We did find that eating early was better. One morning at 8am there were 9 people waiting for tables.The hotel has a really convenient location. Paddington Station is five minutes walk away for train access to Heathrow, the Underground, and out-of-city destinations; red London buses are equally accessible and the tourist oriented Big Bus Company has a stop one block around the corner. We found it handy to walk to Hyde Park, or even down to Oxford Street shops. There are plenty of eateries, pubs, public telephones, and at least one internet cafe across the road and around the corner. Having the Norfolk Square Park out front was nice too.Our final bill was as quoted and we were able to have our credit card charged directly in Australian dollars at a competitive exchange rate. Had we wanted/needed to store our bags for a while after checking out, ie to fill in a few spare hours before heading for the airport or whatever, the hotel was happy to do so at no charge. Overall, this hotel adequately met our expectations. The cost was right, the room was small but clean and comfortable, the staff were very friendly and helpful and the breakfasts really set us up for each day's adventures. Would we use St David's again? Without hesitation as long as the price stayed reasonable.	
Jul 23 2007 	No complaints!	My wife and I visited recently, as part of a party of six from France, and were very pleased with everything. We were allocated a nice room on the third floor, with both a double bed and a single. There was a television, sufficient wardrobe space for an extended weekend, and a small shower room with washbasin and toilet also. It was small, but it did the job, with good shower pressure, plenty of hot water, and it was very clean.This is a budget hotel. We were looking for a central location, clean and tidy bedroom and facilities, at a good price. We were not looking for resplendant views of London, lifts, bellboys or jacuzzi bathrooms! The staff were friendly, informative and helpful. The breakfast was a great start to the day. Our friends all had rooms on the groundfloor and were equally happy with everything.We would be very happy to recommend this to our friends, and would certainly stay there again. It was very convenient to Paddington Station, easy to get a bus or train to anywhere in London (and we went everywhere!) and a great position for a morning run in the park also. There was a good variety of restaurants and bars around, but so easy to get into the heart of London.	
Jul 19 2007 	London is expensive but the St David's is affordable	Searching for an afforable hotel in London is a real chore these days. But after reading many TripAdvisor reviews we decided on the St. David's. I called the hotel directly to make the booking without a problem. The person who answered the phone was busy but very pleasant. They also emailed me directions from Paddington Station [Heathrow Express]. The hotel was a block and a half from the station which made it an easy walk even with suitcases.The St David's is a row hotel on one of those side steets loaded with small hotels. The front desk clerk was friendly and helpful. But our room was up five flights of narrow stairs. Not for the weak of heart especially carrying your bags. Our room was small and the bath smaller; our window faced Paddington Station so there was a lot of noise but it quieted down during the night. A fan served for air conditioning.The English breakfast was substantial, served in a small basement room...six flights of stairs down. But again the staff was friendly and seemed genuinely interested that you were enjoying your stay.	
Jul 12 2007 	So disappointed	I booked the St Davids entirely based on its reviews on Trip Adviser. When we arrived there were fresh flowers in reception and we were greeted by Alex. He was very pleasant and advised us to contact him if we encountered any problems during our stay there!!!!We were initially shown to a dark,damp, dismal basement room where we remained for about 5 minutes.Back to Alex on reception. We were then taken to a ground floor room, which despite overlooking a wall was brighter. The bathroom was a tiny portaloo in the corner of the room, but it was clean and adequate. It took about another 5 minutes for us to realise that we were based directly above the underground line. the whole room vibrated every time a train passed underneath, which was approximately every 30 seconds.Back to Alex who informed us that as it was July and they were full, we would have to put up with it for at least one night.The trains stopped for the night at 12, so no chance of an early night and started again at 6am. I managed to get some sleep in between!!!The 2nd night we were relocated to a 4th floor room, which although old fashioned and tired looking was tremor free.However the stairs up to this floor were very steep and inadequately lit, so totally unsuitable for anyone less than fairly fit and able bodied. there is no lift in the Hotel. Beware if you decide to stay here, you need to be fit or a very sound sleeper!!	
Jul 5 2007 	Any Port in a Storm or It's Close to Paddington	Reserved room, on line, in November 2006 at a rate of 69 GPB per night.Secured reservation with VISA Card.Hotel (Alex) confirmed reservation and rate by E-mail.Arrived on the appointed day in June 2007.Alex on the desk. Had no record of any reservation.When presented witha copy of same, he astutely observed that it had been made in November 2006.Graciously entertained by owner over tea; then escorted to dark and dank basement room with scenic view of air shaft and overwhelming aroma of cigarette stubbs cast down from illicit smokers on floors above. On checkout was charged 75 GBP vice the 69 GBP agreed to.Breakfast below British average	
Jun 20 2007 	Great Stay at St. David's Hotels	My boyfriend and I stayed at St. David's Hotels for 5 nights from May 28-June 2. This was our first time visiting London and we had a wonderful stay! We booked our room a few months in advance and requested a twin room on the 3rd floor facing the square. We were told at the time of booking that the staff would try their best to accommodate our request. We were very pleased when we arrived and found our requests had been filled and that we were also upgraded to 1 queen-size bed and 1 twin. Yes, the bathroom in the room is small and it takes awhile for the shower to heat up but this was not of any inconvenience to us! The room was always made up when we got back from site-seeing and the hotel was very clean.The staff was very helpful and friendly. They were able to answer any questions you might have and they always had a smile on their faces, which was very welcoming! My boyfriend and I loved the full English breakfast we were served every morning!! We could enjoy cereal, bacon, eggs, toast, sausages, tomatoes, mushrooms, baked beans, coffee, and tea. We definitely never started the day hungry!Overall I would definitely recommend this hotel to others and would not hesitate to return to St. David's!	
Jun 16 2007 	Friendly clean step to Paddington 	Booking:Just called the hotel directly with the dates required and the booking was made without even providing a credit card in about 3 minutes.Check-in:Very friendly welcome from what seems like a family hotel. Quick check-in and our bags were taken to our room right away. My Dad needed a box opened by taking out some screws but he used a type only available in Canada (Robertson square head). The hotel told us to leave the box with them and when we returned the opened box was waiting in the room - excellent service. The only down-side to the check-in was my request at the time of booking for a first or second floor room because I was travelling with my 80 year old dad. My dad is quite fit but would still have prefered less stairs (there is no elevator). Even though the hotel indicated this could be accomodated when I made the booking the request seemed to come as a surprise when I arrived so we ended up on the third floor. The did offer to try and switch us the next day but it wasn't that big a deal. My recommendation would be to call a day or two ahead with any special requests since this is a high volume hotel and almost everything seems to be managed on paper.The room:Clean and simple with just enough storage space. Our room had a single and a double bed and included a private bathroom at a cost of 75 GBP per night.Breakfast:Very good breakfast (included) served quickly by friendly staff (although some of the seating was a bit cramped).Don't use the hotel phones (at least for long distance):I had some trouble getting my mobile phone working on a UK network and needed to make a short call in the interim. I asked about the cost of a call to Canada but the proprietor said she wouldn't know the cost until the call was complete. I made the call anyway (how much could it be?) and was initially told the cost was 76 GBP for an 11 minute call - What!. Oh, sorry it's 36 GBP - What! No wait , 11 GBP but 10 GBP will be fine. The mistakes appeared to be a genuine misreading of the call report; however, the cost was still outrageous. When I finally got my mobile working on the Orange network I paid only 25 GBP for the balance of our trip (9 days) with many calls all over the UK, back to Canada and lots of text messages.Overall I would definitely recommend St. Davids Hotel.	
Jun 14 2007 	Great Stay... good place for the price	I went to London on 3 seperate occasions in a month. I was visiting from Canada and had never been to London. We got to the hotel at 9am and they let us leave our belongings there and they put our valuables in the safe. They gave us tips on where to go and managed to see the changing of the guards on the first day. When we got back, our bags were in our rooms already.We knew the rooms would be fairly small because its London. They were all nice rooms and were very cosy. The odd occasion you could hear a rumble from the underground but it didn't affect sleeping or anything. The bathroom was small but handy.Breakfast was great. English breakfast with hot chocolate. It keeps you going to lunch time.If I go back to London I will be going back there. If you're looking for a good place to eat theres either a good kebab shop on Paed Road or theres Mickeys Fish n chip shop if you go to the end of Norfolk Square and turn left, towards the hospital. Just ask the people working there, they'll know	
Jun 11 2007 	All about the service!	My wife and I took our 16yr old daughter to London for a &quot;senior trip&quot;. My wife spent at least a week on-line searching for the perfect hotel for us. After reading trip advisor comments, she decided this was the place for us. She was right! Alex was great. Every morning I would come down with a list of things to do that day and he would get a map and lay out the best way to do those things. He knows where everything is and the best ways to get there.The room and bathroom were small compared to ones in the states, but we weren't going to stay in our rooms! It was very quiet at night and we had no trouble sleeping. We even took a couple of naps in the middle of the day.It is located above the tube, but we stayed on the 3rd floor and never heard it. Breakfast was a wonderful addition and we took advantage of it most days. The owners were away for most of our stay, but we did meet them the last day and they were very nice, as well.We'll definitely be back and we're referring anyone that is planning to go to London. The location can't be beat.	
Jun 9 2007 	Nice stay	We stayed at St Davids on the beginning and end portions of our trip. It's in a very convenient spot for travelling to and from Heathrow, about a 2 minute walk from Paddington Station. Overall the facility is alright, nothing fancy but not rundown either. The rooms are small (as expected) but we did have nice showers in each of our rooms. There a a number of similar looking hotels on the same Square, but I would return to St Davids simply for the staff. Alex and the rest of his family are just awesome! They are exceptionally nice, helpful, and a pleasure to be around. We will be back.	
May 28 2007 	Location Location!	We stayed last week and it was quite nice. Hearty breakfast to start the day. GREAT location near Paddington tube station/UK rail station. Diners, coffee shops, and pubs are close. Plethora of Indian food.I didn't come to London for the hotel experience, but the city expereince. yes, the hotel is not brand new or high tech and fancy, but it is LONDON, one of the most expensive cities in the world and all of the hotels are expensive esp. based on USD exchanges.Nice owners and personal service. I would recommend to first time travelers as it is user friendly.	
May 28 2007 	Great budget hotel	We stayed two nights at St Davids hotel and you get what you pay for. Yes, the room were quite small..the bathroom tiny..but it was clean, they served good breakfast and the staff are very friendly. This hotel is close to Paddington station and you can find a lots of restaurants in the surroundings. Yes, you can hear the tube sometimes, you might hear noise from outside but remember that this is a hotel i the middle of London!We can highly recommend this hotel but will you listen to birdsongs i the morning you probably should book another hotel outside the city...Greetings from Sweden	
May 25 2007	Very Disappointed	Made reservations for 8 nights requesting 3 single rooms 5 months in advance. Requested non-smoking quiet rooms either on the 2nd or 3rd floors. Rcvd one room on the 4th floor, one in the basement and one on the ground floor. 4th floor room - window was open and could not be shut. Scaffolding outside of the hotel meant someone could potentially get in the room. A call was made to the front desk to seek assistance in closing the window. The response was there was only one person at the desk and it would be taken care of. No time frame provided and it did not seem to be a priority.Basement room - must have been over the tube line. You could feel the floors shaking. Room smelled of cigarettes. Window in the room could not be locked and could not be left open (wouldn't stay up). The window led to a small courtyard (not sure what else to call it - 5 X 5 space for ventillation and light?). Opposite the window was a door with no lock......anyone could have come in the room at any time.Left the hotel and found other accomodations - did not stay a single night. Very disappointed. If there was no intention of providing what I had asked for, then why bother accept the reservation?	
May 25 2007 	One of the worst	Please do not stay at this hotel(The St David's Hotel in London). We had requested 3 quiet rooms on the 2nd or 3rd floors-there is no lift-back in Jan. for May 2007. When we arrived last week, we were given a room in the basement, a room on the main floor and one on the 4th floor. We were told by the hotel that they could make more money on the 2nd &amp; 3rd floor rooms. The rooms we were given were dank, dark and dirty. The window in the room on the 4th floor wouldn't close. The skylight blind/covering on the main floor room had dead bugs in it-I guess I should be thankful they were dead? The hotel is situated over a tunnel for the &quot;tube&quot; and every 2 min's you get to hear and feel the tube. Do yourself a favor and book a room at one of the hotels across the square, The Cardiff Hotel, The Ashley Hotel or The Chrysos Hotel to name a few. We did spend our time in London at another hotel, and very glad they had rooms for us.	
Apr 24 2007 	Disappointed	We stayed at the St. David's and spent two sleepless nights. Our first night was on the fourth floor and at 2:00 a.m. our neighbor was drunk, swearing, yelling, and vomiting. I felt very isolated up there, and the hotel was completely unaware. We asked to be moved the next day to a lower floor and had a fine nights sleep. Our fourth night proved again to be sleepless. This time at 1:00 a.m.our neighbor was yelling and swearing on the phone. The walls are paper thin. Don't get the rave reviews. The owners are lovely, the breakfast fine, but the rooms are sparse and at $330 a night for two rooms I don't think it's cheap!	
Apr 21 2007	Great Stay at St. Davids	My husband and I stayed at the St. Davids for a week along with 10 college students we were chaperoning on a London/Paris trip. The hotel was very convenient to Paddington Station and since the majority of students on our trip were first-timers to London, they appreciated the friendliness and helpfulness of the staff - Alex is great! Echoing other reviewers: the rooms are clean and the breakfast is very good.	
Mar 29 2007 	We were treated like family!	I was impressed with the high rating that St. David's maintains onTripAdvisor. Being a first timer in London, I was happy to be able to find this hotel easily. The three of us had flown into Heathrow, taken the Heathrow Express and arrived at Paddington Station. From there, St. David's is a few minutes' walk. Knowing that we could get to/from the Tube or trains within minutes was a stress reliever. The area is always busy with commuters riding the Tube and BritRail trains. Paddington Station has all kinds of shops for people on the go and two grocery stores with convenient hours. Also, Kensington Gardens and Hyde Park are nearby for nice walks. After reading the many favorable reviews and seeing the photos of staff at St. David's, meeting our hosts was like finding long lost relatives. Alex, the owner's son who works at reception, is charming. After a warm welcome, George, the owner, announced he would cook us breakfast although breakfast was officially over. It was a real bonus because we were too early to check in and were exhausted from a long flight. All we had expected was to stow our bags and come back later. The full English breakfast kept us going until the afternoon. Foula, George's wife, and the attentive staff serve everyone cheerfully in the dining room. I spent a total of three nights at St. David's, one week apart. The rooms are tight and sometimes the en suite toilet and shower stall are even tighter, but clean and adequate. The beds were firm and I did notice the plastic mattress covers that were noisy. However we slept well after long days of sightseeing. Yes, the stairs were numerous so we asked for help with our luggage. For our purposes, due to clean facilities, convenient location and good value, we were quite satisfied with this hotel. The owners and staff will treat you well.	
Mar 28 2007 	Would return to St Davids	Stayed here for 4 days. Had an en suite room with a double and single bed for my wife and I. We were very happy with the cleanliness, the helpful staff and the food. Worth another stay in our book.	
Mar 19 2007 	Nice and friendly	We went to London for my husbands birthday and had chosen St. David's Hotels after reading the reviews here on TripAdvisor.The location was very good, near both rail, underground and buses.We got a nice room on the third floor facing the nice sqaure outside. Coming from a snowy Sweden the flowers in the park was a very nice view. OK there were some stairs to climb but there always is in these kind of buildings. The room was OK and so was the shower and toilet.Very nice breakfast with the posibillity to choose lots of things, from porridge to hot chocolate, besides the traditional English breakfast.The staff var very friendly and helpful.We will definitely return and recommend it to others.	
Feb 22 2007	Not as great as the reviews.	I was really looking forward to this hotel having read all the amazing reviews of it! As it stands, it's an alright place but it's no more special than a Blackpool B&amp;B, just more expensive. The family were nice enough, the old bloke on the photos, George, wasnt there, but Foula (&quot;Foola&quot;), was, she was very straight to the point, but civil. Alex was great help. This is a mixed review, so here's the good and bad:GOOD:- Breakfast was enjoyable, but not &quot;amazing&quot; as everyone goes on about, it was a normal B&amp;B style breakfast, but with good service.- Alex, the guy on reception was extremely helpful.- It was in a nice street- The TV had multiple channels.- The beds are extremely firm! (I mean like concrete!)- The bathroom is not as tiny as everyone says, it's fine, and certainly &quot;useable&quot;, but I dont know if I'd use the shower.- A fan is provided on the wall, this helped in the warmth.- The rooms were generally clean/tidy, but see &quot;BAD&quot;- The furniture is not shabby, its just old fashioned, dark wood etc, if they painted most of it magnolia and maybe replaced the carpet it'd be nice and modern. So the furniture was fine aside the look... and the bed.- The room wasnt as small as I'd thought, it was quite roomy.BAD:- The taps werent labelled hot/cold, you had to guess.- The shower head was brown with filth/rust etc- Although the rooms were clean/tidy, they needed a good dust, there was a layer of dust over most of it, and the carpet hadnt been hoovered.- We asked for a low down room, facing the square, we got a 3rd floor room facing the horrid back. - There are a LOT of stairs, we had to climb 4 flights then a small staircase to get to our room (61 steps), and I did NOT enjoy that after walking around London all day!- If you open your window whilst in a rear-facing room, you can hear the underground VERY loud, and if you leaned out a few feet, you could probably see over the wall to where the tracks were!- The windows were dirty and there was scaffolding all outside the window.- The walls were paper thin, you could hear next door.- The beds spoiled our visit. Yes we thought they were firm at first, but it seems after taking the quilt off, you find the bottom sheet is covering a thick plastic matress cover, which felt like lying on tarpaulin, you'd slip and slide all over and get very warm very quickly, this made the beds very uncomfy. Coupling that with the fact that the pillows were all feather, and so provided no support, I woke up at 4am and was not able to get to sleep again because I was just too warm and uncomfy, sleeping on plastic is NOT comfy! So I sat in the brown 1970s chair and watched bad TV till morning.Of everything, I could easily forget it all and return, HOWEVER the beds have put me off, and so I think I'll probably go for a standard place like Travel Inn or Holiday Inn next time. You dont get breakfast, but you know what you're getting.Before anyone says &quot;its a good price for London, you get what you pay for etc&quot;, I pay for a comfy bed, and I didnt get that, and wasnt able to sleep properly, so its not worth it to me.I was looking forward to this place, I really was. I've uploaded some photos too.	
Jan 21 2007 	What do you want from a hotel?	I needed an overnight in London for a meeting and I find it really difficult establishing what kind of place I need so I trusted TripAdvisor to give me some options. This seemed to be extraordinarily cheap (my room was £55 in the end, including breakfast) for such a central location so I didn't have any great expectations for it.The welcome was excellent and I was efficiently sent up the stairs to my room on the 3rd floor. My room was large and overlooked the (extremely quiet) square. The en suite was clean and fresh and the beds were all made up. The sheets were freshly laundered although note they had feather pillows. Personally I'm a big fan but can't use them at home as my husband is allergic!Two minutes walk to Paddington so no worries even late at night (I got back at midnight) and 24 hour reception, which is an added assurance. The Bakerloo line takes you straight to Piccadilly Circus with a range of restaurants (not to mention cinemas) to choose from; it's one of my favourite places.Had a great night's sleep. Wasn't disturbed by anyone or anything. Heard birdsong from the square in the morning. Managed the shower beautifully (my eyesight isn't great so fiddly buttons don't work for me) Didn't have breakfast as I had a business meeting at 8.30am but it certainly smelt nice! In fact I was promised double breakfast next time so that's a great reason to go back!I've paid treble this price, in fact probably much more, for worse rooms and worse service. If you need somewhere clean, comfortable and central to stay then I don't think you can do much better than here.	
Jan 16 2007 	Easy and friendly	We stayed here for 2 nights in a twin room overlooking Norfolk Square. It was nice enough. Our room was comfortable and the staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Breakfast was awesome. It's in a nice, safe, and convenient location, just 5 minutes walk from Paddington Station. My only complaint was that my ensuite WC smelled horribly of a combination of urine and mildew on check-in, and never improved. So we had to keep that door closed all the time.The shared bathrooms looked nice though, so it's probably not worth it to pay the extra money for an ensuite. Even so, I'd stay here again because the location can't be beat.**Tip: If you're looking to save money, Paddington station has a Marks &amp; Spencer and Sainsbury's grocery store in it, so preparing a picnic meal from one of those is much cheaper than going out to one of the many pubs/restaurants nearby.	
Jan 12 2007 	Great location inexpensive B	The service was great, Dimitri received us and he was really helpful. The hotel is nicely located a block from the Paddington station. Lots of pubs and restaurants in the area and super close to Hyde Park (tip for food, this hotel is so close to the station you can grab a baguette or eat a fast meal at any of the places there). The breakfast was great, it held us up till late afternoon, the coffee was delicious too. Stairs are really small and is kind of hard to walk with a big heavy bag to the top floors but it is worth it. The room we had on the 4th floor was a lot bigger and better looking than the one on the 1st floor, plus our room came with a view of Norfolk Square. But as the website says, those downstair rooms were used for the help. The tube gets noisy when you're trying to sleep (only on the 1st floor). If I go back to London I'll definitely stay here again, our room was comfy and clean with shower and toilet included.	
Jan 5 2007 	Would Stay Again Super Friendly	I stayed here for several days leading up to the Christmas holiday and was very pleased with most everything. I wasn't entirely sure of the exact duration of my stay and so I initially made the reservation from 20 Dec through 31 Dec and they told me xmas night would be free. I ended up checking out on xmas eve and they were kind enough to grant me a free cancellation even though I had not given notice within 48 hours as is explicitly stated. I was willing to pay as it was my fault but they didn't charge so, hey, I say they're awesome for that. They also granted me an upgrade to a larger room (triple, Room 201 with one single and one double bed in it plus en suite) for a super price. I suspect they just were not that busy during this time and so were willing to upgrade. I was very nice to have the extra space so I much appreciated it. Yes, these rooms are nothing like what you'd ever expect in the states--they are utilitarian and functional. But very clean and tidy and for the price, it's hard to complain. I did have a slight bit of consternation with the floor being slightly tilted and thus causing the one double bed to slant inwards but I did some furniture rearranging to push that bed against the single and then could enjoy a very large and level bed. The en suite was tiny, yes. Obviously a modular add in. Think RV/camper style bathroom but very clean. The shower was maybe 34&quot; round give or take 2&quot; in my estimate. Functional but a bit cramped if you wanted to shave your legs. :) I think the bathroom I saw in the hallwall might have actually been a bit larger though perhaps that's just because it appeared to have a square shower stall....I had to check in just after midnight thanks to a late flight and they were very accomodating. You will have to leave your key with them when you leave and then pick it up when you return so they know when you're out and about and when they can service your room. As someone who was travelling solo for part of this time, I thought it wasn't a bad thing to have someone who would know you'd disappeared. They were also, hmm, &quot;familiar&quot; enough to give the room a ring and ask if you were wanting breakfast or not as the time would approach the end of breakfast serving (9am most days and yeah, I'm a chronic oversleeper). I was late one day( had reset my clock an hour behind but they still served me without any dirty looks and only as I listened to the news did I realise I'd had the wrong time entirely! The breakfast is great--it's your typical full english and although I was full with just one serving, I know they would often come out and ask if you wanted anything else. Also of note, they were the only hotel on the entire Norfolk Ct area which put up lights and a decorated tree in their lobby window for the xmas season. :)Basically, I'd stay here again for when I need budget accomodation for just one or two. And might also opt against the en suite as it really didn't seem to be all that inconvenient to pop down a hallway to go to the bathroom or shower--they hallways are very &quot;house-like&quot; in that you don't feel like you're in a public large corridor so I don't think it would be that awkward. It was also only 3 min from Paddington Stn (once you're oriented) and then only a 8-10 min walk up Praed St to Edgware Station or another 5 min on to Marylebone Station. Didn't walk it but I suspect the walk to Lancaster Gate would also only be about 8 mins. There's a Post Office just around the corner on Pread St, a Cafe Nero (wifi by the hour), McDs (free wifi), other fast food and various other cafes very nearby as well and just within 5 min stroll. Not so much in pub life nearby and certainly nothing past the midnight/1am time.	
Dec 28 2006	Wonderful staff and location	I think that the thing I will remember most about the St. David's was the staff. Everyone was so kind and helpful. Foula offered us breakfast the morning we arrived (which I thought was above and beyond). It wasn't just the owners who were nice however. The ladies who served breakfast and cleaned the rooms always had a ready smile. Everyone went out of their way to make us feel welcome. Thanks for the use of the hairdryer!The location is fabulous (about a block from Paddington and the Heathrow Express). The rooms are simple (hopefully room 212 will one day be as pretty as room 205) and clean and were fine for our needs. The neighborhood offered a lot of reasonably (for London) priced restuarants offering a wide variety of fare. We would definitely return.	
Nov 11 2006 	Ask for a Quiet Room	This is our second stay in St. David's. Our room is a bit noisy and much smaller compared with last year. We stayed in a lower floor this year (1st floor whilst we stayed in the 3rd floor last year) - we not only heard and also felt the trains (or the tube?!) are passing by this year! Overall, it is a nice B&amp;B - good location, clean room, delicious breakfast.	
Oct 13 2006 	Great value basic but lovely	Based on the reviews and recommendations of like-minded travellers (e.g., one who have travelled in Europe and are not expecting an American-style Holiday Inn hotel), we chose to stay here. It was made clear it was a basic, B&amp;B hotel, and the rooms were of the standard British B&amp;B type style. And we knew it was a walkup, and that the bathroom and showers would be small. OK. That described about 99% of budget B&amp;B hotels in London (and other European cities).What is doesn't convey is the excellent value you get for your money, combined with an extremely wonderful location central to everything, and warm and gracious family hosts who try their best (within their limits) to help you.Their staff provides an almost unlimited amount of breakfast for you -- the standard British fry up of eggs, toast, sausages or bacon, fried tomato, or even a mushroom and tomato omelette or oatmeal/porrige. Along with coffee and tea. In a cheery little breakfast room.The area is safe, extremely convenient to Paddington's tube lines and train connections, as well as for cabs and several important cross-town busses. And lots of shops and pubs nearby.We found it wonderful.George and Foulla will try to honor requests for lower room floors for their guests who need it, but be aware there is no elevator. We climbed up to beautiful room 314 every night with a sense of accomplishment. Their son will help lug your suitcases up for you, too. The lower floors seemed to be given to the older guests.The hotel was quiet, clean, and well maintained, even though it was quite old. The bathroom was the standard very small toilet and shower. Our room had a mounted fan, a large window overlooking beautiful Norfolk Square, and a small TV with about 10 odd channels (including a German MTV-type channel) and the requisite 5 channels of British football (soccer) sports.The beds were suprisingly comfortable. We had a room with a double bed plus a single bed. It also had a desk and chair, and a night table, plus a wardrobe and non-functioning fireplace. And fan and tv.This is a charming, safe, welcoming and warm place. I highly recommend it to everyone except those type people who want the Holiday Inn type experience. And the prices have to be some of the lowest in London. Add to that the warmth, the breakfast, and the charm, and this is a winner. Shhhh! Only tell your best friends about it. Don't spoil the secret.Rick in Maryland	
Sep 25 2006	Wonderful Stay!	We stayed at this wonderful cosy hotel for 5 nights and we had a very pleasant stay with polite and helpful staff, clean rooms and toilets and great tasting english breakfast. It has a very good location as well, just a 3 min walk to Paddington Train Station and Underground, ample cafes and restaurants nearby. My husband and I highly recommend Cafe Mimo's situated just across the street. They serve great pastas and main course at a relatively reasonable price. We had dinner there almost every night! Remember to ask for higher level rooms though as the sound of the trains can be faintly heard and i believe it will be worse if your room is in the basement. However they have no lifts so the higher the floor, the more stairs you have to climb! We really enjoyed our stay in St Davids and hope you will too!	
Sep 17 2006 	A bit small but great for a night.	My husband and I stayed at this hotel September 4th, 2006. We had one day/night in London before catching the Eurostar to Paris. This hotel has a great location, is reasonably priced for London and the staff was very friendly and helpful.The rooms are VERY small. It reminded us of a room on a cruise ship...just enough room to turn around in. The bathroom was tiny and the shower is a bit of a challenge (water everywhere!) The window opened but would not stay open and it was pretty hot and stuffy in there by morning. The bed was comfortable and it was in a quiet part of town, so it served its purpose.The staff recommended a great Italian restaurant to us called ASK. They were also very accommodating when we arrived at 9:30 in the morning from the train station. They quickly took our suitcase and informed us they would be waiting in our room when it was ready, which gave us the freedom to go and explore London for the day. The hotel is located just around the corner from a pick-up point for a double decker bus tour company. This is the perfect way to see London in a very short amount of time. I can't say enough about what a great experience it was. Traditional English breakfast is served in the downstairs dinning room. I am Canadian and unfamiliar with traditional English breakfast (eggs, bacon, ham, beans, fried tomatoes, toast). The waitress was quick to find me some cereal when I ask for an alternative. Overall a very positive experience. I wouldn't want to stay here for more than one night. It was close to everything we needed and the staff couldn't have been friendlier. I am more than happy to answer any questions.candicestauffer@yahoo.ca	
Sep 15 2006 	loved the prices	I`ve stayed at this hotel lot`s of times and i can tell you one thing. It`s a great value for money. Clean, friendly and cheap compared to other london hotels. Ask for a room with garden view but not on the last floor. Too many stairs and very narrow!	
Sep 14 2006 	Basic but very accomodating!	I knew I would like the neighborhood from a previous London trip but due to a bad experience at another hotel, I was ready to find someplace new. Despite a rather small room (for a single), the St. David's was all it was raved to be. Across from a small park, it's also convenient to restaurants and Paddington Station. The service was friendly and always courteous and the breakfasts were enough to hold me until dinner...and then some!  For someone looking for a decent, clean place to spend the night at a very affordable price while visiting London, the St. David's can't be beat. Should I come back to London, I would definitely come back to the St. David's.	
Sep 9 2006	The best hotel in this price range. The staff run the hotel with Hearts!!!	I highly recommend this family owned hotel. You can't find any staff of other hotels that are as hospitable as those of at St. David's Hotel. All the staff there run the hotel with HEARTS!!! They are devoted to make everyone stays at their hotel warm, happy and content. All are gracious, genuine, kind, helpful, nice and knowledgeable about London. NONE of them is folksy. Everyone is at the bottom of his/her heart to help me. I can't find a better hotel in this price range. In short, we can get excellent service at an unbeatable price there. Moreover, I like the location of St. David's Hotel very much. It's just a minutes walk to whatever the Paddington Station (Terminus of the Heathrow Express and the National Rail) or the tube station and there are various bus routes that pass directly behind the hotel. Besides, I can say that their full English breakfast is the tastiest and the most plentiful I've ever had at any hotels in London (when compare with those hotels in this price range). And we can even choose other types of breakfast if we don't like much English breakfast. On top of the above-mentioned good points, the rooms there are also tidy and cozy. Every night I slept very well when I was staying there. Of course you can't demand the rooms there are like what we have in a five-star hotel. To be frank, I've never been to this website before. I'm a frequent London budget traveller from Hong Kong and I've already known there are tons of hotels whatever in London or even Paddington. I haven't bothered to waste my time booking a hotel online before I go to London even at summer holidays. As I like this hotel very much, I can't help posting my review here as a token of my thankfulness to the staff at St. David's Hotel. Then I finally find that (from this website) St. David's Hotel has already been famous for her excellent service, great English breakfast, tidiness and an unbeatable price. Really thx God for letting me accidentally discover this excellent hotel and I'll definitely stay there again when the next time I travel in London. What I've mentioned above is the summary of what the good points of St. David's Hotel are. If anyone here still hasn't got bored by what I've mentioned. Let's read the following paragraphs then you would understand why I praise St. David's Hotel much. I am always a budget traveller whenever I travel in the UK and I won't plan where I will stay or go. I'd only bought an air ticket and a British Railway Pass before I flew to London. I like staying at those hotels near Paddington (because of the Heathrow Express) whenever I am at London but I never bother to search or make any reservations on any hotels online coz I know there are tons of hotels at Paddington. I can easily and definitely find one as long as I walk in any hotels to ask for vacancies even during summer holidays. As a frequent budget traveller in London, I've ever stayed at various hotels at Paddington for the past six visits and I stayed at Caxxxff Hotel last time. To be frank, I've been treated a rather not welcoming feeling at Caxxxff Hotel before I went to St. David's Hotel. I went straight to Caxxxff Hotel once I got off the Heathrow Express coz I stayed there last time and it was OK for me. However, the staff at the reception was no longer the same as the one I stayed there last time. The staff there looked down on single budget travellers like me. They showed no interests or concerns whether I would choose to stay there or not even though they let me take a look of two different kinds of rooms (40 and 45 pounds respectively) which are far worsen than the one I stayed at St. David's Hotel afterward. I left there once I felt not being welcome. Then I pulled my heavy luggage and walked across the street back to the opposite side of Norfolk Square. I did ask the hotels situated at the right hand side of St. David's Hotel one by one to ask for vacancies but two of them charged me even more (the same kind of rooms). And I was further disappointed at their attitudes. Once I told them I didn't want to spend much on accommodations, their attitudes changed immediately and they didn't care about me anymore. It was very poor for me to find them so realistic and heartless. As the attitudes (drop-dead patient, kind and polite as hell!) of the staff at St. David's Hotel (the guy without glasses at the reception) are totally different from what I've been poorly treated (in a quite impolite and unhelpful way) before, you can imagine how I've been being moved by the staff there. It is obvious that there is an intense rivalry among the hotels at Paddington as there are tons of hotels within the district. My experience let me understand that hospitality is the most crucial point for me to choose a hotel to stay at. On top of that, tidiness, room rates and location are also important, I rank St. David's Hotel the best coz my experience tells me that St. David's Hotel gets the above-mentioned good points. I can say that St. David's Hotel is the best hotel I've ever stayed in London (within this unbeatable price range). And I need to thank the other two nice helpful guys (both wear glasses) at the reception. One of them let me just leave my heavy luggage inside my room and I wasn't asked to take it to the lobby in the early morning I went to Paris (Aug 14, I only brought a hand luggage to Paris). How nice and considerate he is! The other nice helpful guy helped me carry my heavy luggage back to my new room (Room #B7) after I came back from Paris on Aug 17. (I stayed at St. David's Hotel on Aug 12, 13 &amp; 17-19). I don't like bothering others to help me as long as I can manage to do something myself. They did me these great favours without being asked for help. How kind and helpful they are. Having read all the reviews posted here, I know more about St. David's Hotel comprehensively. It's pity that I haven't got the chance to talk to or even know the owners of this hotel, Foulla and George. They are praised as kind, hospitable, nice, genuine, gracious and cheerful by their customers who posted reviews here. No wonder his son is also kind, hospitable, nice, genuine and gracious as well as patient as hell! (I found that the one without glasses at the reception is their son Alex by reading the reviews here after I'd come back to Hong Kong.) Because of my poor English (I confused the English pronunciation of 55 pounds with 35 pounds), Alex needed to explain to me for quite a while. I paid 45 pounds per night to stay at St. David's Hotel at this high season and I think it's real value for the money coz I could get excellent service, have tasty English breakfast and stay at a much tidier, bigger and nicer room (when compare with those rooms at Caxxxff Hotel). Let's talk back to what I've been saying, I feel really sorry for my poor English on the one hand but I'm grateful Alex didn't get angry or even annoyed at that time on the other hand. I remember he just tried very hard to use different English expressions to let me understand, didn't give up explaining to me patiently. I can't even dare to imagine how terrible I would be badly treated by other English native speakers if I misunderstood them because of my poor English in the future. And Alex further granted me to stay at a much bigger room that I wasn't deserved to have this privilege at all. (I was granted to stay at a double room with ensuite shower and toilet without any extra charge. I've attached five photos of the room (#B7) that I've stayed at St. David's Hotel. Feel free to take a look at them.) I can never thank you enough for his hospitality and kindness. Furthermore, I also have to thank those sweet sweet gals who served my breakfast wholeheartedly during my stay at St. David's Hotel. Whenever I heard, &quot;Please enjoy your breakfast!&quot; I was really moved at that time! I am not a cheerful person, so I like people who are cheerful and show a great deal of pleasure in what they do for a living. All the staff at St. David's Hotel have been setting a good example to me. Thx again and again and I really need to thank them all. Let's extend my compliments to all the staff at St. David's Hotel here!!! They really made my trip at London much more enjoyable and memorable this year!!! Posted by a thankful Hong Kong traveller.P.S. I did post my old review on St. David's Hotel here at the end of August as soon as I came back to Hong Kong but I found that there were some spelling and grammatical mistakes in my old review (English isn't my mother tongue) after it had been posted. Therefore I emailed the staff of tripadvisor.com to ask for removing my old review. It really took times for them to do so, but anyhow I'm happy that I can express my heartfelt gratitude to all the staff of St. David's Hotel on this website finally. Hope everyone who gets a chance to read this review would find it useful and helpful. Thx!	
Sep 3 2006 	Clean Lovely perfect location small	We stayed in this lovely hotel for a week from 15 till 22.The room they gave to us was small ( a little too small for the italian standard! ) but clean, and nice. The bathroom was minimal. The breakfast was delicius, a typical old english breakfast served with love. The location is perfect for tourist that use buses or underground, and there's no traffic or noise.The staff was nice and helped us with attention.we will definitely come back to this hotel if we return to london.	
Aug 30 2006	A Pleasant Surprise	After 13+ hours of traveling, my sister and I finally arrived at St. David’s Hotels. At first, we were overwhelmed by the number of steps we still need to go up before reaching the reception (well, there are only 5 steps or so, but because we were so exhausted from our flight so any more stairs would be excruciating.), but no worries, one of the staff members came to the rescue. He gave us a warm welcome and helped us with our heavy luggage. Alex at the reception checked us in and he is one of the nicest person we have met in London (The service we received at the Holiday Inn that we later stayed in was not even close!). The first night we stayed in a twin room facing the back, which was a bit too noisy for us. We could hear the train coming and going. The next day we switched to another room facing Norfolk Square and it was PERFECT. If you are reading this and still deciding whether you want to stay here, please do not hesitate, pick St. David’s. This hotel will live up to your expectations: clean room and wonderful hot shower, comfortable beds &amp; pillows, delicious breakfast, great location (near Paddington Station), plenty of eatery around the area, nice staff, cute guy at the reception (hello, Alex), etc… LOLSandra &amp; Candi from Sacramento, California, USA	
Jul 29 2006 	Hot outside but still pleasant inside	We arrived to London in a heat wave. However we had a room higher up and kept the window open all the time even through the night. A fan was supplied which moved the air around sufficiently. The square is actually closed at a certain time and there is not a lot of noise outside the hotel at night. Having the Heathrow Express and Tube so close at hand was a big convenience. We found the last flight of stairs to be a bit brutal and hard after an exhausting day in London. The bathroom as someone mentioned is very small and an add on but it is very adequate. There is not a lot of room, but we felt that we received value for our money spent. Everything about the room [while crowded] was nice a clean. St. David's is for sure a place worth visiting for Budget accommodation in London.	
Jul 24 2006 	Perfect!!!!!!	Excellent location!!!! From Paddington you can go everywere, there are nightbuses as well. I went with my family that included elderly people and we were once more amazed since we all have stayed there before on several occasions. The owners and staff are extremely friendly and helpful and brekfast is probably the best you can find in London. For small hotels standard and for its price its as good as it gets and I ll definetely stay there next time I visit.	
Jul 4 2006	4th. time at this hotel	I have stayed at this hotel four times. Every time we arrive at St. Davids we are met with smiles and were good custumer service. The last time I stayed there we got a nice little room with view to the Norfolk Square. The rooms are always clean and tidy. Most of the rooms I've stayed in have been small, but with ensuite bathrooms. The bathrooms are pretty small as well, but it's usual in this type of house hotel.One of the best things at this hotel is their wonderful english breakfast. Egg and bacon.I would recommend this hotel for everyone.	
Jun 26 2006	St David's gets our vote	Hi Alex, Foulla and George.We have arrived safely back in Melbourne with great memories of our stays at St David's. Special thanks to Alex for his friendly welcome on our first visit and for providing our requested 1st Floor twin room overlooking the gardens on both occasions. It was a pleasure to meet Foulla and George on their return from Cyprus and enjoy their friendliness, particularly during the great breakfasts.Your family are wonderful hosts, the rooms were clean and quite adequate in size whilst the bathrooms were entirely functional.For friendliness, real value for money, the splendid breakfast and ideal location, St David's gets our vote	
Jun 16 2006	What we had expected and more...	Having never been out of the States and reading all the reviews about how small Europe hotel rooms are, we were prepared to do some &quot;urban camping&quot;. But we were pleasantly surprised here. Not only is the location FANTASTIC-right next to Paddington and the Underground and the Big Bus picks up nearby-but you will not starve there either. There must have been 10 restraurants all within a 2 minute walk (no exaggeration). It is an older building, and the ensuite bathroom we had, one could tell was a later additon and nearly airplane sized, but the staff definitely made up for the difference. It's run by a family from Cyprus who could not be more hospitable, and that's a major compliment from us Southerners. Breakfast was good and plenty of it. The staff were very knowledgable about the area and could tell us where to go do laundry or take a long stroll or go shopping. For those addicted to email there is also a few internet cafes located nearby. If any of our friends ever ask for recommendation on a place to stay-THIS IS IT! We began our tour de Europe in London making reservations here thinking if we didn't like it we would book another place for our return, but we didn't have to! We were very satisfied and stayed here again our last night in London with great relief. Only disadvantage is that you can vaguely here the Underground, but it sounds like distant thunder, and trains stop running at mignight. Cannot sing their praises loudly enough!	
Jun 8 2006	Look Right...Look Left...!	My friend and I stayed at St David's for 5 days, and we thought everything about it was charming, clean, quiet, and pleasant. The breakfasts were good and satisfying. The area was safe and surrounded by pratically everything you can imagine. The staff (Alex, he's your man...!) was helpful, resourceful, polite, and engaging. Our room was spotless, tidy, and airy. Buses/taxis are abundant..Our price was unbeatable. People are friendly. The only thing that was off was the traffic moving on the &quot;wrong&quot; side of the road...HA! Save your money and book at this hotel, you will not go wrong...trust me! Get ready to spend load of money as London is not cheap...trust me on that one too! Enjoy this beautiful city and the St David's Hotel. Cheers.....!	
Jun 6 2006	A very great choice	I've just returned from my short holiday in London with my family and so I must really write a great praise for the St. David's: I had a big family room (we are four) on the ground floor, near dining room, with a large bathroom and as much large shower with hot water everytime, very quiet in spite of proximity of the dining room; the linen was always clean.The breakfast was very good with enough choice. The staff was very warm and gentle.Of course you mustn't expect luxury, it's a budget choice, but comfortable and decent.Excellent the location near Tube and many place to eat.I think I'll really return for the next time in London.	
May 25 2006	Why the rave reviews	I have stayed at a few hotels on the basis that they had good reviews from tripadvisor and have generally been pleased by the result, but this one leaves me cold. My partner and I spent a restless night in a quirky back room which was cramped for a double, noisy and musty.She was not pleased and so I was not either!The breakfast was okay, and like most say the staff were friendly, but you would do better for this price in a travellodge,premierlodge, etc were the rooms are bigger, cleaner and quieter. If you are coming from the States and think this is good, I'm not sure I want to go to the States!!!If you are a construction worker for a few months in London, and you get a good price this hotel is ideal.It's saving grace was its closeness to the station.	
May 24 2006	As advertised thankfully!	This hotel gave us everything we needed. We were in room 105, which was a great room! 2 single beds, insuite toilet and shower, and a little balcony overlooking Norfolk Square, all for 65 GBP per night. Tiny colour TV with 8-10 channels, dresser and wardrobe, comfy sheets and beds, cleaned every day. Breakfast was good, served from 6:30 to 9 - honestly the Full English was a bit much for me that early in the morning, so I went for porridge and toast every day. I loved it! Is that strange? The hotel staff were very willing to help give directions and advice on where to go. You could hear the trains a little bit, even on our floor which was up 2 flights of stairs. Bring earplugs or get a room on a higher floor. Wouldn't recommend a room in the basement unless you're a really heavy sleeper.The Neighborhood was great, plenty of places to eat and get snacks. It was great being so close to the tube - we took it every day. St. Davids is literally less than a block away, but in a relatively quiet green square which houses a number of hotels and B&amp;Bs. The Paddington area, while quite close to good shopping on Oxford street, is a bit far from many of the big sights like the museums and all the sights along the Thames (too far to walk, for me anyway), so we got a week Travelcard, and took the tube every day. After we did it once, it was incredibly easy and convenient. I don't think it would be worth it to pay an extra 30 pounds a night just to be closer to the tourist areas.Overall the St. David's was great, it was CLEAN, and the staff was helpful and kind. It gave us as budget travellers absolutely everything we needed. No surprises - the place was just as advertised on the website.	
Apr 21 2006	Excellant Location	I visted the Norfolk court on March 9th-12th 2006. Like many of the other reviewers, I will say the location was fabulous! This is how you get to the hotel...you walk out of Paddington station (on the yellow line I think), head right, take your first right and take your first left. Hotel on left. That is how easy it is to get there! So convenient. (From the airport, I called for directions. They gave wonderful directions so do not hesitate to call) I reserved a single room with a sink. Once I checked in, they gave me the choice of that room on the 1st floor or a single with a shower on the 3rd floor. I had heard you hear too much traffic on the 1st floor so I upgraded for free to the 3rd floor. The room was extremely tiny but still very cozy. (No toilet in the room. The toilet for the floor was always freezing cold because someone would open a window to smoke and not close it when they left.) The shower was great. Hot water all the time and good pressure. I never ate their breakfast so I cannot give an opinion on it.  Now for the downside....the walls are very thin so you can hear your neighbors all the time. I slept every night with ear plugs. They requested you leave your room key at the front desk when you left. Probably about 70% of the time, there was no one at the desk. When I would leave my key and come back, I would wait for someone and when no one would come to the desk, I could just walk behind it and grab my key on a peg numbered the same as my room. I did not appreciate how easy this was. Anyone could take my key and get into my room while I am gone.  Overall, I like the location and price but would like to try another hotel next time.	
Apr 21 2006	Very Clean Very Nice but Very Thin Walls	Everyone at St. Davids was very kind. The rooms were clean and the bed very comfortable. There were only a few drawbacks: The walls are very thin. It almost seemed as though every time the door opened or shut next to me, that the sound was magnified. The other slight drawback was that the shared shower/toilet was not cleaned for the first two days I was there. And unfortunately, someone had used the soaptray as an ashtray. Steam and ash do not mix. Also, the shower drained slowly which left you standing in water.However, the breakfast was good. The price was very reasonable - in fact - I was upgraded to a double without charge. I plan on returning.	
Apr 20 2006	Great stay 	The staff at the St David's hotel was great. We were 4 women going on a bachelorette party weekend, so we weren't looking for the Ritz - just a clean hotel that was in a good location. The location was slightly disappointing because there was not a lot of nightlife in the area, but it is safe and you can't beat the price. :) We took cabs every where, but the underground is around the corner and very easy. Upon arriving, the owner had the kitchen staff prepare us something to eat... even though breakfast was over and we'd arrived early. They were able to make suggestions for us as to where to go and what to see. We were not necessarily looking for those types of spots (looking for trendier places), but they were very nice. Walking the 3 flights wasn't fun, but after the fatty food in England, we needed it! The shower never ran out of hot water and we got fresh towels everyday.... and as everyone on this site said, they gave a great breakfast (although sometimes a bit slower than we wanted it to arrive).	
Apr 18 2006	great service basic hotel	Our family of 6 stayed at the St David's hotel. It came recommended out of one of the travel books. The good about the hotel is the service was wonderful. Everyone was helpful, friendly, and the exchange rate given at the hotel was very fair. The price of the room is unbeatable by London's standards, especially since they included a hearty breakfast that kept us going until lunch time (with lots of walking and carrying things/children around- this is not small compliment). The room itself was nothing to write home about-but it was safe and cleaned each day. The location can't be beat. Within a 1 minute walk to Paddington Underground and the Express train. Perfect!! Thanks for a great trip and all your help St David's!!	
Apr 10 2006	Don't accept a basement room	Was very disppointed, as I only booked this hotel after reading great reviews! The basement room we were given was tiny, dark, and shook every 3 minutes with the tube going underneath. Also we were woken at 6am by hotel staff talking very loudly outside our room, and they continued to do this until at least 8am, when we began to smell breakfast being cooked! The staff were very friendly and the room was clean, but staying in a basement room was like going back in time by 100 years. I would not stay here again, as I felt awful after very little sleep. My advice: if you stay here, request a room on the first or second floor!	
Apr 10 2006	Top service!	What a wonderful little find this is! Right in the heart of Paddington, with links to all over London. It sits in Norfolk Square - a cosy park which was lovely just to relax (e.g. read London guides - and get my bearings!).What makes this place so special is the wonderful staff. The animated owners George and Foula are worth the admission fee on their own! Alexis their son, has unparalled knowledge of London and recommended some lovely places to eat in Paddington. These guys literally bend over backwards to help you. The rooms are basic(though my room had cable) but most importantly are clean. Beds are very comfortable but are accomodating (I'm 6&quot; 4!). Definitely would recommend this place to anyone!	
Apr 6 2006	One of my Favorite Things About London	St. Davids Hotels was one of my favorite things about London, such a warm, friendly place. George, Fula and Alex made my stay so enjoyable. They take you in as family. The location was wonderful--within a block of Paddington tube, many restaurants and pubs. But when you turned on the street of the hotel, it was absolutely charming--park dividing the two sides of the streets and, what used to be the houses of lords, lining both sides. The St. Davids is located in a couple of these houses. The rooms, although small, are very clean. Big fluffy towels. A real English Breakfast is provided every day and it seemed as though you could have as much as you wanted. Other goodies provided as well. The porridge was delicious with honey and cinnamon. The staff is delightful. George and Fula go out of their way to find good staff. I would highly recommend this hotel. Price was right too.	
Apr 5 2006	Bravo to St. Davids George Foulla and Alex.	Travelled to London with adult family and stayed at St. Davids on the recommendation of a friend. We were all delighted to stay in such a friendly hotel. This family is absolutely welcoming and freely offers guidance on how best to see London. Our rooms were most adequate but breakfast (which is included in the room price)was a morning highlight. Lovely and attentive waitresses taking your orders, bountiful amount of tea, coffee and food with George and Foulla smiling and bustling around welcoming and visiting their breakfast guests.I recommend this hotel not only for it's great service but its location in London was perfect. A few minutes to Paddington Station, local pubs, restaurants, post office and local stores. Tube and buses a hop, skip and a jump away.	
Apr 3 2006	A great hote!!!	ST.DAVID HOTEL is a wonderful hotel.It's also very clean and the staff is great.the people who works there are very friendly and polite,especially the handsome boy at the reception(hi alexi).If i will go to london again i would love to stay at St.David hotel...KALIA	
Mar 31 2006	Very Friendly and Cozy!	We chose this hotel mainly as a result of many of the positive comments already posted here. We knew from the beginning that the cost of visiting the UK will be expensive and that most hotels that cost less than 100 pounds will tend to be on the small side compared to what most North Americans are used to. That aside, we found St. David's to be a very friendly and cozy hotel run by a very friendly and helpful people. All the staff were very friendly and ready to serve. As others have mentioned, we arrived in the morning and were given the option to have a traditional English breakfast before we checked into our rooms. Yes, they really do try to take care of you here! :-) We stayed in 2 different rooms since we had a weekend trip to Devon. The first room was up on the third floor facing the back. We could hear the Underground trains go by, but we got use to it pretty quick. The room was clean and efficient (a double ensuite). The second room was a twin with shower facing the Square. It was definitely much more quiet. And the beds in both rooms were quite comfortable. :-) The Paddington area is a pretty busy area, but it's fairly quiet and calm in Norfolk Square. There are plenty of pubs and restos in the area. Don't be afraid to ask the staff for their recommendations! We certainly appreciated the suggestion we were given for some Indian food! :-) Kensington Gardens and Hyde Park are about a 5-10 minute walk away.I would definitely stay here again if we were to visit London again. I think this place has character. :-)	
Mar 28 2006	Great place to stay	Hospitality was great! We arrived at 9:30am in the morning after a long airplane trip and were welcomed and offered a late breakfast. It is very convenient to the Tube and in a safe neighborhood.	
Mar 27 2006	Good location	We chose this place after long research in the net and reading all the recommendations at this site. I must say we were not disappointed. Okay, the rooms are very small and the bathrooms even smaller (mini), the furniture is old and shabby, but it was very clean. The breakfast was good, we weren't hungry til late afternoon. As the tube and bus stations are just around the corner, it is quite noisy (there is also a hospital very nearby). So ask for a room facing Norfolk square, this is more quiet (we had one room looking at the backyard, which was very noisy, then changed the room facing Norfolk Square). It was much better, the rooms are bigger and have a little balcony. The location is great, you can get everywhere by bus or train, there a lots of restaurants and pubs as well as McDonalds etc. just a few steps from the hotel.	
Mar 19 2006 	2 thumbs up!	I chose this place because of this sites reviews, and was initially hesitant due to lack of photos, but after the experience, I don't think you'll find a better place to stay for the price in London. The owners were lovely, and were so hospitable to me after a frazzled 24 hour flight with FAR too much luggage to deal with, and looked after my bags while I went for a trip into the city until my room became free. I stayed in 2 different rooms (went for a trip to Paris inbetween), and both were clean and tidy and all you need for a shower, sleep and a Sunday dose of the Eastenders Omnibus on the telly. Only negative was perhaps getting some slightly disapproving looks when I came in at 5.30am in the morning after a night on the town, but hey...no harm done!	
Mar 18 2006	Excellent Hotel for the Price	Excellent place to stay for visiting London. The stairs are very steep, and very narrow. Bathroom is very small with American standards. Bed is very comfortable. Breakfast is fantastic with excellent service. Location and price are unbeatable.The owner George is very charming and friendly.CarmenNew York, USA	
Mar 11 2006	St. David's a great location and price	St. David's is a real find in London. The staff is very friendly, the rooms are clean and comfortably, the breakfast keeps you full til beer time, the location is really convenient from the airport and the price is amazing given all this.	
Jan 20 2006	Excellent base in London	We spent last weekend in London and took advantage of the special offer during January in this hotel. We decided to book having read the reviews on this site. The rooms as stated are small and the bathrooms minute, but everything was extremely clean. Certainly you do hear some noise from the tube underneath. The breakfast was very good and plentiful and the owners very friendly. If you are looking for a well situated base to explore London and are not planning on spending your whole visit in the hotel room, this hotel can certainly be recommended.	
Jan 18 2006	Friendly helpful great value.	I took a group of 12 people to London and booked into the St. David's well in advance. AS there is no lift, I asked for rooms on the ground or 1st floor. Many of my students are seniors.We got what we asked for.There were no problems with our early arrival and some of the rooms were already ready.The rooms are SMALL and the ones we had were all clean and tidy. The showers are also small but we came to see London and NOT spend all our time in the hotel.The location is fantastic and Foulla suggested which restaurants to visit. You can still eat out in London and not pay an arm and a leg - if you know where to go!These are very old houses and the visitor should bear this in mind. In this area you hear and feel the tube under the houses directly above the lines. My advice would be to take some ear-plugs along.We loved it at St. David's. The owners and staff were all friendly and very helpful. My students enjoyed the breakfast very much and we will be back.Thank you Foulla, George and the rest of the staff.Mary and the group from Nuremberg	
Jan 9 2006	The friendliest in London	I had extensively researched all the hotels in the price range prior to our vacation and was so impressed with the Member's ratings of this hotel that I decided to make two reservations for us at the St. Davids Hotel for December 2005. We were not disappointed! It is 2 minutes walk to Paddington Station from where you have access to Heathrow Express, National Rail and the Underground. Lots of reataurants, pubs and cafe's all round. A couple of minutes to Hyde Park by foot. This is a delightful budget hotel with very friendly staff and good, clean accomodation. The rooms are a reasonable size and very clean. After all, you only spend the evening there. We had en-suite facilities to our room which was of the smallish size consisting of a shower, basin and WC. Again, what else do you need the bathroom for? There are no tea/coffee making facilities in the rooms but there is a vending maching machine in the reception area.Breakfast was good and enough to see you through the day. In fact, the staff were willing to bring extra food if you asked. We even got free breakfast when we booked in early on the first day. We asked for additional pillows and received them in minutes. Same with towels.Our baggage was looked after on the day we checked out and we collected them later in the day. The owners and staff were extremely friendly and helpful and had their guest's interest and well-being at heart all the time. They were always ready with help, advice and information. Overall, a good, clean, friendly and cheap hotel. If you expect a 5 star hotel, go and pay the 5 star prices and look elsewhere. We will definitely stay there again and will recommend this to anyone. 	
Dec 20 2005	Thank you!	We visited London and stayed at St David's in Dec 2005. It's at a good location, within 5 minutes walk to the tube (Paddington station) and was very comfortable, clean and cosy. This hotel is value for $!! The owners, George and Foulla, and their very handsome son, were most hospitable, which was a big part of what made our trip so pleasant and memorable. The first morning we were up late and missed the breakfast hour. George was totally kind and whipped up 2 sets of breakfast for us, with the eggs and sausages positioned in a smiley face. We definitely recommend this hotel to budget travellers. As we left, the Christmas tree was put up, and the reception will be renovated shortly. We will definitely return to this hotel the next time we visit London again!!	
Nov 18 2005	cozy comfort for budget travellers	I spent a very enjoyable week at St David's this past September. I had reserved a single room with wash basin for 30 pounds a night but found it extremely small(not much bigger than the single bed )and asked to move to a bigger room after two nights. They had availability so they moved me to a double and gave me the same rate. Try to get a room looking onto the court yard in the front. There is a little more noise but the rooms are brighter and the view onto Norfolk Square is quite pleasant. The hotel is family run and staff were very friendly. Paddington station is 2 minutes away and there is very good access to everything London has to offer via Paddington station and the Tube. Another plus is Hyde Park is located a short walk away. I'm a runner and ran through the park everyday. Its a 15 minute walk through Hyde Park to get to Knightsbridge shopping area including Harrods. Across from Paddington Station, there is quite a cool internet cafe called Reload. Its better atmosphere at the same price in comparison to a few other internet cafes in the same area. Lots of pubs and restaurents nearby. They seemed to think their 'big english breakfast' was a big deal. It was included in the room price and the portions were large but I didn't care for it much and preferred breakfast at food outlets at paddington station. All in all, a very comfortable, friendly, travel option for those looking to spend their London travel dollars on something other than high end accommodation. I'd stay there again.	
Nov 5 2005	Friendly Staff	a clean and good location B&amp;B. 2 minutes to the tube station / 4 minutes to airport express.Very frindly staff. My friend come to pick to the airport at the early monring. The owner invite my friend for breakfast (also to wait us) without any extra charge.I paid 60pound for the en-suite twin room and they give an en-suite triple room. Verything is fine.	
Oct 28 2005	St. David's. A great budget deal.	For the money you can't beat St. David's. It's not The Ritz but it is a wonderful budget hotel with a very helpful staff and everthing you need to be comfortable and rested in London. The location is wonderful as stated in other reviews and I thought the breakfast was great. Very filling and kept you going until afternoon. I would recommend it to any money concious traveler.	
Oct 15 2005 	Well worth it!	Just got back after 5 nights at the St Davids - my fourth visit. Its better now than it was 8 years ago. refurbed with most rooms en-suite - I paid £46 for a single (they gave me a double) and for the price/ location/ breakfast its hard to beat - in fact if you can beat it let me know...Highly recommended at the price.Bernard	
Oct 8 2005	An enjoyable stay	St. David's Hotel is perfectly located extremely close to Paddington Station, which is a Tube station for four main Underground lines operating in Central London. It is also the terminal station for Heathrow Express from Heathrow Airport. It really doesn't take a long time to arrive to hotel after the plane has landed!Bus lines 15 and 23 pass by and take you all the way via Oxford Street to the other side of the city - 15 drives as far as The Tower of London!Hyde Park and Kensington Gardens are also only five minutes walk away.The area is full of little groceries and restaurants. McDonald's and Burger King are between the hotel and Paddington Station.The hotel is very cosy and comfotable to settle in even for a longer time. I myself have been to this hotel for three times (6 nights in 2003, 5 nights in 2004 and 3 nights in 2005) and have always been satisfied.My room has been on the fourth and topmost floor on all of my three stays, and I even had the same room (number 414) on the first two times. My last room was 406.I've been a single traveller so I've always booked a single room with en-suite shower and toilet. My room has been furnished with two single beds, TV, a small closet, a drawer and a table, a chair and a night stand with a telephone. Room equipment also includes two towels and soap.The WC is clean. On my first stay it was hard to get warm water, but afterwards I've had hot water everytime I'd taken a shower. The shower isn't big, but enough for a my kind of small guy.The Tube runs by often, but it is easy to get used to it. It's quiet enough to sleep well the nights.The view from my rooms haven't been the most pleasant thing, but at least it's been rather interesting.I'm not a big friend of English breakfast, so I can't say much about the breakfast service, since I've used it only once. I've always preferred my own food anyway.The staff members are as friendly and helpful as one can hope for. They create the warm and welcoming feeling everytime I enter the small lobby. They are genuine persons and run the hotel with their hearts, it's easy to tell.I highly recommend this hotel.Next time I'll take another hotel, though. Just for a change. But I will surely return to St. David's again and again.	
Sep 27 2005	Was what I expected	I booked the St. David's Hotel on Norfolk Square, based on the reviews I read on Trip Advisor. At the time, the reviews were extremely favorable. As the time of our trip drew near, there were less reviews and the reviews that I read were not as complimentary. However, since we were only going to be there for three nights, I figured my husband and I could manage. A few days before our arrival on September 8, I e-mailed and asked for a room on a lower floor as my husband and I are fit, but did not relish climbing four flights of stairs. The location is outstanding. You are a very short walk from the Paddington train station; the destination of the Heathrow Express. When we arrived at the small lobby, we were immediately invited to go down and have breakfast, even though we were not entitled to it. When we came up from breakfast, our room was ready and our bags were already carried upstairs. Our room was exact;u wjat O ex[ected' small and clean. The bathroom was as described in all the reviewes but since my husband nor I are enormous people, it was adequate. I did not plan on spending a great deal of time in the bathroom. Foula went out of her way to help us. We had left a phone number at home and asked her for a phone book. She immediately asked the name of the party, called information, dialed the number for us and gave us the phone. When we asked about the charge, she shrugged her shoulder and said, &quot;It's no big deal.&quot; She is very proud of London and really wants you to enjoy it. Since we had been to London frequently, we knew what we wanted to do so did not ask for suggestions, however many people did anmd Foulla went out of her way to accommodate there. As I looked at the sign in sheet, I noticed it was mainly Europeans. Our room was facing Norfolk Square and it was quiet in the evenings. It is not a five star hotel but the prices are not five star prices. I would certainly stay there again. It is an excellent value for the money and location.	
Aug 16 2005	Great value and location (near Paddington Station)	I booked a triple room with a mattress on the floor for my family of four for six days, but upon arrival was upgraded to a quad room on third floor. The room is tiny as expected but clean. After the first night, I requested to change to a room on or nearer to the ground floor as I feel it's a bit too demanding for my children to walk up three flights of stairs after a long day of sightseeing. Even though I was willing to pay for the extra, the female owner Foula, gave us a bigger quad room with no extra charge. Room G7 is on ground floor with window facing the street. The bathroom is much bigger and the shower area is decent.Breakfast is the best thing about this hotel. They offer unlimited full English breakfast. George, Foula's husband, cooks and comes to greet the guests in the dining room every morning, so there is a bit of friendly B&amp;B feel. All the staff are nice and super-efficient.The reason I didn't give this hotel 5 out of 5 is mainly because the rooms look as if they need serious refurbishment and the hotel doesn't have air-condition and lifts. However, if you can look pass that, it is really worth the money. I really appreciate the service mind of the owners and the staff.	
Aug 6 2005	very enjoyable stay	Would definitely stay here again. Room on 3rd floor was excellent. Everything was very clean. (It was very basic but expected that.) Breakfast delightful, plentiful - very accomodating - the porridge was great. Owners and staff very helpful. Location couldn't be better for bus, tube (we never did use the tube), and train to LHR. Very convenient. Good and reasonably priced restaurants very close also. Will definitely tell others about our find!	
Jul 23 2005	Not what it is hyped up to be	While I will agree with everyone that the service here is outstanding, when it comes to the room, I was very disappointed. I had read many of the reviews before booking my stay at St. Davids and fully expected a small bathroom/shower and a walk up flights of stairs, but I was very disappointed in the cleanliness/upkeep of the room itself. I guess I got what is fair for the price I paid, but from the reviews I expected more. I must say that the location and staff/friendlieness are above average. The shower itself was larger than I expected based on the earlier reviews but the bathroom as a whole was indeed small, exactly as I thought it would be. The stairs to the 4th floor were rough, but thanks to the reviews I knew what I was in for. Breakfast was excellent as many people have said. The room needed much help in terms of carpet and paint.For the price, not bad if you just want a place to rest your head. However, based on my expectations from the prior reviewers, I would say that I have to rank it a 2 of 5.	
Jul 23 2005	not pleased	I have been choosing hotels based on the info on this site and have always been pleased with the accuracy. How this hotel scored 145 out of over 900 hotels I'll never understand.Recpetion area was musty and shabby. Hallways smelled strongly of disinfectant. Our room was bare - two worn towels left on the bed (no wash cloth or hand towels), 1 tiny piece of unwrapped soap (also left on the bed), no soap dish, no tissues, no clock, no radio, nothing else.The shower stall was tiny &amp; not deep enough to contain the water; therefore, the bathroom floor was soaked within minutes.The weather in London during out stay was quite hot so I requested a fan. There was one available, but I had to go down &amp; lug it up the stairs myself.The breaksfast room was shabby &amp; run down. Crumbs on torn plastic tablecloths had not been wiped off, toast was served cold.There is a lot of competition for hotels in this price range that all include breakfast. I would recommend choosing someplace else.	
Jul 22 2005	Great Stay	St. David's Hotel was my first European hotel. When I arrived I was very happy about the location and the look from the outside. We were greeted by friendly hotel staff and taken quickly to our room. We had a first floor quad. I was in shock at first by the size but then I had remembered what everyone says about European hotel rooms and decided to quit comparing them to what I was used to in the States. We were in our room to shower and sleep and these accommodations were perfect for just that. As mentioned in previous reviews the breakfast was great and the staff was even better. They make you feel at home and show a great deal of pleasure in what they do for a living.	
Jul 20 2005	Excellent Service Friendly Atmosphere	My family of four were very happy with the hotel. The reviews here were accurate and we appreciate the help from the hotel staff. Full English breakfast and also willing to accomodate special requests (within reason).At least three family rooms, the one in the basement is largest. Outdoors was noisy some nights (no AC, windows open). The location is fantastic, very near Paddington Station.I would choose this hotel again in a heartbeat. We stayed there two seperate times this visit.	
Jul 17 2005	Fantastic hotel - first rate service	I stayed at this quaint hotel situated in the Paddington area of London last weekend. I have to say the breakfast and charm of the staff is the best I have experienced in London. A special thank you must be extended to George and Foulla who made me feel at home and made my stay most enjoyable and were always on hand to recommend points of interest to me (and also gave directions!). I will definetly be staying here when I return later in the year.	
Jul 15 2005 	Not a place I would stay at again	The only good things I can say about this place are its location, if you need/want to be very close to Paddington (this is less than a block away)- and its super friendly and nice staff. The rest is quite dismal, even by the very lowest of low motel 6 standards in the U.S. - They try to keep it clean, but with the musty damp air in the place, the old carpets, the pretty much old everything - its hard. No air conditioning, and very little air flow, a basin so small you can barely use it, and a generally uninviting room - old linens. I would rather pay more and stay at a bit nicer place. The staff, however, are very nice and welcoming.	
Jul 13 2005	Just Passable	Having stayed at 2 &amp; 3 star London hotels we knew not to expect too much. After all of the good reviews though we were a bit disappointed with St Davids. Location was great and desk staff helpful but our 3rd floor family room was absolutely tiny as was the ensuite bathroom. With four of us in the room it was impossible to move around the narrow spaces between the beds which were also the only spaces to store luggage.We also found the breakfast only average (compared to other FEB's we had on the trip) and very monotonous after 6 days. The serving staff tried hard but when it was busy the service got very slow and there was often al ot of confusion. We had asked for a room on a higher level based on earlier reviews about the noise levels in family rooms on the ground floor and basement. We can't complain about the stairs therefore but they would be very difficult for some people to cope with.Overall I would stay here again if I had to but would certainly look around for a better hotel first.	
Jul 11 2005	Great Location and value	My experience at the St. David's Hotel in London was above average; excellent location, simple but clean accommodations, good service, great breakfast, great value (even better when compared to other hotels in this city) all within a wonderful area. We found the staff to be warm and helpful. Our suitcases were carried up to our room for us and staff were always open to answering questions about sights in London and recommendations for restaurants in the neighbourhood.  The rooms are indeed &quot;small&quot; when compared to North American rooms, but they were clean, tidy and very functional. For the amount of time we spent in the room, it was just fine. The bathroom is small but again, clean and big enough to comfortably get by.  Please note: if you are looking for a luxurious room to spend your vacation within, you should consider another vacation destination. London hotel rooms are seldom spacious and they are NEVER big in this price range! If you expect the kinds of hotels that are the norm in North America, you are going to be disappointed. It's just not the same (unless you spend considerably more money). I believe there are two major drawing cards for this hotel that set it apart- it's breakfast and location! Breakfast was a highlight. The full English breakfast was certainly generous and contrary to other reviewers' experience, I had great success requesting alternates to it (oatmeal, yogurt, fruit, muesli, cereal, sausage, coffee, hot chocolate etc.) We priced that a similar breakfast would be nearly 10 pounds in a restaurant; the value was unquestionably good.  And for location; I can't say enough about how excellent this location is.  The hotel itself is within short walking distance of some great sights (Hyde Park/Kensington Gardens, Edgeware Road, Oxford Street, Notting Hill) and within longer walking distance of most central London attractions and popular areas. If you're weary of walking, trains and tube from Paddington Station link you anywhere you want to go. Even during morning rush, tube service is very efficient. If you are arriving into Heathrow, the Express train is incredibly convenient and it's easy to transfer several pieces of luggage on your own to the hotel, because it's so close. We took trips to Windsor and Wiltshire, and train service from Paddington was great.  The Paddington/Bayswater area is a lovely place to stay. There were shops, amenities and great atmosphere; lots of pedestrians at all hours made it feel very safe. There are great restaurants within a 1-5 minute walk from the hotel- we recommend excellent Indian and Italian restaurants at the end of the street. The hotel staff also recommended a great pub, &quot;The Monkey Puzzle&quot; 2 blocks away that had delicious food served in very generous portions. All of these restaurants were reasonable; considerably more reasonable than other areas in London. I sincerely wish we had followed the recommendation of other travelers to have fish and chips at the nearby &quot;chippie&quot; rather than follow the advice of staff at the London Eye and pay 20 pounds for the same thing at an upscale fish place in Southwark that was terribly disappointing. At the end of a long day of touring/walking, it was really nice to be able to come back to the hotel and then have an affordable but wonderful meal in the neighbourhood.  My stay was pleasant and on this basis alone, I would stay here again. When I also factor in the horror stories of many friends and colleagues who have stayed in shoddy and dirty rooms with less space and function for considerably more money, I feel very thankful that I stayed at St. David's. I certainly plan to return.	
Jul 6 2005	Good hotel for London standards	I stayed at this hotel with my mother last month. I have bad experiences with hotels in London, and this hotel is an exception to this. the staff is friendly; the hotel has a nice family-atmosphere. it is especially nice to wake up an experience the friendly service during breakfast, which is good by the way. The rooms are not big, but tidy and it has a clean, good shower. The friendliness of the staff at the reception varies, but on the overall we were satisfied. We were recommended a good Indian restaurant around the corner (Ganges) and were offered other information about the city. I rated this hotel 'above average', but I did this in comparison to other hotels of this budget. It is a little run down and it can be a little noisy when your neighbours are watching television at a high volume, but I despite that I would definitely recommend this hotel! I forgot to say that the location is excellent!!!! 1 minute walk to Paddington station, which is on some of the main lines of the underground. And if you like walking, Hyde Park and Kensington Gardens are very near and if you want, you can walk a little further to Notting Hill and Oxford Street.	
Jun 29 2005	For the budget concious this place is adequate.	Certainly the room was adequate enough for those on a budget, but it could tend to be a little noisy. Our room was just below street level and therefore saw shadows all night long as people walked past. It is conveniently located near Paddington Station, but that also meant we could feel the rumble of the trains as they passed under us. However, it was clean and the breakfast was tremendous. Perhaps rooms upstairs would have been quieter.	
Jun 28 2005	Not all it's cracked up to be...	I was very disappointed in this shabby hotel, after reading all the glowing reviews on this site. My bathroom was moldy and stinky, I could feel the mattress springs, and it just wasn't up to par. If clean and tidy is a priority, skip this place! Some of the information in the positive reviews was true- good location, decent breakfast, and pleasant staff.	
Jun 27 2005	A good value in a great location	Stayed at the St. David's June 20-22nd during a vacation in London. Let's be clear - if you're expecting the Ritz, or even a Holiday Inn, this isn't the place for you. However, if you want a place to sleep at night, a good breakfast to start your day and a good location to see London from, you should strongly consider staying here. Based on that, it deserves Above Average.Had a 3rd floor room with in suite bathroom, small but usable. Given the high temps last week in London (mid 80s) being on the 3rd floor wasn't ideal but slept well all three nights. Our use of the room was to sleep, shower in morning, and not be back again until after dinner. You would not want to stay in your room here, but you're in London, so why would you stay in anyway? (And yes, the included soap was small but at Boots in Paddington you can pick up a bar for 80p so it's no big deal.)Found owner to be very friendly and gracious. Breakfast was a true English breakfast and very good. Hotel is located 1 block from Paddington Station, from which you can go directly to Heathrow on the express train, grab the Green/Yellow lines, and catch trains to Oxford and the west. Located on a very pretty square, a good Indian restaurant and some pubs are very close by.If you're coming to London to sightsee and need a place to sleep, and don't expect it to be like an &quot;American&quot; hotel, you'll like this choice. If not, pay a lot more and stay somewhere else.	
Jun 23 2005	Don't waste your money here.	The small room and tiny bathroom were the least of our problems. Housekeeper walked in without knocking. Used condom (not ours) hanging on wires outside our window. Came back one day to find the maid had left our door ajar. English breakfast = a mediocre fried or scrambled egg, very salty dry ham, beans, and sausage. Staying for a week, you'd like some variety, but the wait staff reacted with surly looks if you requested anything other than the English breakfast. Frankly, not much else available except corn flakes and yogurt. Maid never left new soap after our initial arrival - had to ask front desk for tiny bar of soap every other day. Flimsy mattress and ill-fitting sheets. Inadequate shower curtain left water all over bathroom floor. Overall, a cheap, tacky, slightly icky hotel.	
Jun 16 2005	St. David's Hotel: Clean Inexpensive and Convenient	My wife and I just spent 5 days at the St. David's Hotel in London. Overall, I have to say this hotel is great for the price. I believe the 5 nights cost 328 GBP.The location was perfect for us. Our flight arrived at Heathrow at around 9:00 A.M. and we arrived at the hotel at 10:30 A.M. Paying a little bit extra for the Express train was worth it. St. David's Hotels is a 3 minute walk from the Paddington train station. Given the luggage my wife packed this was a blessing.Hotel check-in went smoothly. Our room (with shower, sink and toilet) was on the third floor. Note: This hotel doesn't have an elevator. The room wasn't large but was fine for the amount of time we spent in it. The room and hotel were clean and comfortable (no A/C but it didn't matter while we were there since temperatures didn't go above 20 degrees Celsius). A full english breakfast is including in the cost.The close proximity of the hotel to the Paddingtion tube station made access easy to all of the sights and sounds of London. In addition, it's in walking distance to Hyde Park/Kensington Gardens and a number of other attractions. For example, I walked to Kensington Palace, the Diana Memorial Fountain, Buckingham Palace, St. Jame's Park, Horse Guards Parade, Cabinet War Rooms and Piccadily Circus from 9:00 A.M. to 1:00 P.M. one morning-afternoon.Enjoy this no frills hotel at a great price. We will stay there again.	
Jun 5 2005 	Nice hotel for the price	Very good for the price - a great value. Right next to the Paddington Station which has the express train to Heathrow airport. I could hear the trains in the morning from my room, but it wasn't too bad. No elevator, which didn't bother me, but I didn't have too much luggage. Nice breakfast. Very convenient location. Great place to spend the night if you have an early flight the next day.	
Jun 2 2005	lots of good things but....	Since I used this site to choose my hotels I felt obligated to contribute to it...Here's what I thought about St. David's:Pros:PRICE! (Sundays 50 bps, other days 69 bps, for double with bath)Breakfast (full english breakfast cooked to order)Staff (friendly and helpful)CleanCons:No lift and lots of stairs! (7 flights of stairs at the end of a day is a bit much)Towels (one thin towel per guest, no hand towels)and most of all....The Bathroom (think airplane bathroom with shower - I'm not exaggerating)Was it the worst place I stayed in europe? Not even close. And the price was fantastic (especially when you consider breakfast is included). But the bathroom is ridiculous, even by London's standards (it really is a plastic airplane bathroom with tiny sink, shower and toilet). And the flights and flights of stairs were really unpleasant after a full day of walking. So even though the staff is nice and the breakfast was good, those two problems would rule out a return visit for me. However if you don't mind the stairs and can live with the airplane bathroom, then it's a great deal.	
May 3 2005	The welcoming and lovely St. David's	I had researched through Trip Advisor and decided with all the great reviews that the St. David's had gotten that it would be the place for us. The advice was very accurate and I am so happy that we chose the St. David's. George and Foula are so warm and welcoming. They had good advice and were very helpful. The English breakfast lasted us well into the late afternoon and was always cooked perfectly! All of the table servers were efficient and pleasant. George made sure he came into the dining area every morning to greet his guests. His warmth is contagious! We loved the different languages and accents we heard in the dining room. A true cultural experience. It was obvious that everyone, including the youngest child, is welcomed!  The St. David's is a lovely old building. The handsome front and historic architecture make you get into the mood for the history of London. The rooms are not big, but we literally used them only for sleeping, showering and dressing. We were out every day by 9 and didn't get in until 8 or 9 every night! Who needs a big room? The showers were very small, but what an interesting challenge for my tall husband. Good water pressure and plenty of hot water. We slept very well on the excellent mattresses as mentioned in other reviews. As to noise, we are used to outside noise since we live on a busy street in an old home. Yes, we could hear the distant rumble of the Tube, some street noises, plumbing sounds, and an occasional door shutting, but it truly did not bother us. It's to be expected in a hotel in a city!The price is a good value and the location is excellent. We loved the convenience of Paddington Station, Hyde Park, and the buses. We were lucky to have a balcony view of Norfolk Square park. Lovely!Hopefully we will return to London, and we will definitely return to George and Foula and the St. David's Hotel!!	
Apr 24 2005	All the comforts of home	What an amazing hotel - this was my second stay at St. David's -- the room was perfect, the mattress even better than mine at home. With the hotel being located very near to Paddington Station - you cannot beat the convenience! I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a nice, safe, incredibly clean place to stay. It is particularly well suited to families as you instantly feel &quot;at home&quot; when you walk in the lobby. George and Foula are the best hosts ever!	
Mar 30 2005	A great hotel with very friendly staff	My 5 year old son and I just stayed at this hotel and will definitely return. Friends that were travelling with me also enjoyed there stay here. The location is perfect but most of all the staff make you feel so welcome. Breakfast is great. I would recommend this hotel to anyone especially to familes as they so good with kids.	
Mar 20 2005	George and Foula made us family	We first stayed with George and Foulla about 10 years ago. They made us feel welcome from the start. And we have returned, and returned and returned. What a wonderful place to stay - with the great breakfasts (George even makes egg white omeletes for my wife) devoted staff and clean, tidy rooms and comfortable beds. While the size of the bathrooms are not what we from the states are used to, everything works well and if you need a fan or a hair dryer, just ask. This is a great location - especially if you arrive at Heathrow. Less than 5 miinutes from the Heathrow Express. We highly reccomend the St. David's and Norfolk Court but above all, we treasure our friendship with George and Foula.	
Mar 16 2005	Our home away from home in London	We have been returning as guests of St. David's at least once a year since 1984 which speaks of our love for the place and for the owners and hosts, George and Foulla. The groups that we bring from the U.S. have all been charmed by the warm welcome, the cleanliness and coziness of the accommodations, and the personal service and helpfulness of the staff. George is the chef for the feast which is called the &quot;full English breakfast&quot; which would earn a 5-star rating if such an accolade were awarded. The hotel is actually three remodeled former townhouses for the British upper class and is situated on lovely Norfolk Square and has an interesting history of its own. It is conveniently located a few minutes' walk from both Paddington Train Station (terminus of the Heathrow Express) and several Underground and bus lines. Even though it doesn't have a few of the amenities of a palatial Americanized hotel, such as a cavernous lobby and an elevator, you will find that those things are more than compensated for by its location and the incomparable service of the staff. The St. David's Hotel is our &quot;home away from home&quot; in London, and we are proud to recommend it to any of our friends who are visiting London.	
Mar 2 2005	Quiet clean and cheap	For fifty quid a night for a twin room for my son and myself this hotel was a real bargain. The room was small but spotless, and okay, you could hear the tube train... but apart from that there was very little noise in the area. The breakfast was good, and the location of the hotel is great too. I'd go back there any day.Bob/Denmark	
Feb 19 2005	Tidy and clean	I've stayed in 2 B&amp;B in Paddington. St. David's is clean, tidy and quiet. It's also cheaper and much more comfortable than the other one which is of higher hotel rating. The location is great. Quiet street but very easy to reach. Breakfast - George's cooking is great. Highly Recommended.	
Jan 19 2005	What a wonderful Hotel	My fiancee and I stayed 7 nights at St. David's over New Year's, 2004, and it was fantastic. After a week, it started to feel like home. True, the stairs are tight and numerous, the side facing the subway can be loud, and the bathrooms are comparable in size to those in the plane you flew in on, but any shortcomings are more than made up for by the fantastic location (2 minute walk from Paddington), the wonderful breakfast, and the fantastic hospitality George and Foula are so known for. In the most confusing city in the world, it helps to have someone close by who's more than happy to help. As you'll find out when you arrive, St. David's is not the cheapest or most luxurious hotel in Norfolk Square, but it is definitely the best combination of everything you want, and nothing you don't need. If you came to London to sit in your room and watch the BBC, look elsewhere, but if you want great service at an unbeatable price, book your room now and stop stressing.	
Dec 13 2004	Very pleased with Norfolk Court!	We stayed here in May of 2004 and would stay again. Excellent value for the price. Great location close to Paddington Station. On a lovely square. Rooms were small but adequate and were clean...same with the baths. We traveled with 2 other couples and all had ensuite rooms. The breakfast was AWESOME! And all the help were extremely friendly and helpful. Went out of their way to answer our questions about London, how to get to places, etc, etc. And breakfast staff remembered what we liked for breakfast after the first day. Highly recommend this friendly family owned place!	
Nov 1 2004	Always Friendly and Helpful	October stay, 2004.I find this small hotel to be friendly and very helpful. It's family run, with a great staff that is willing to help meet your needs. The rooms tend to be small and cramped. However, having stayed here numerous times I have learned to ask for rooms on the front and also on the upper floors facing Norfolk Square which have more light.  &quot;Insuite facilities&quot; tend to be small, but clean. Water pressure in showers is a little above average. If you're a large person, you may be cramped. The &quot;full English breakfast&quot; is an excellent addition to the room price. The dining room is clean, the service is above average. And, it's not unusual for the owners (a husband and wife team) to come in and see how you are and make sure you have what you need.The high rating is due primarily due to the helpful staff, and the personal touch they often provide.	
Oct 24 2004	Hotel St Davids – Norfolk Sq: reasonable for the price clean + friendly staff	Hotel St Davids – Norfolk Square – London: reasonable for the price, clean and very friendly staffMy fiancé and I stayed there for 2 nights in September and though it was costly (in comparison with much better hotels elsewhere in the world) it was one of the cheapest in London (there are cheaper hotels, but sometimes one reads the odd review complaining about the being old, or having bugs or rats!!), it was value for money. Because we were carrying a lot of luggage we asked for a room not very high. It doesn’t have a lift. Ours was a small room with a fitted inside bathroom – like a cruise-cabin bathroom. The furniture was new and everything was very clean.The price included British breakfast, complete with whatever you want. The people were really nice there from the reception clerks to the cook (who greeted the guests when breakfast was over). On the whole really friendly hotel in a very interesting neighbourhood. Lots of restaurants, fast foods, pubs and convenience stores. Paddington is the station where the heathrow express stops and departs and it is just around the corner. To be honest this is not the usual “station” area, which can be kind of rough. There are always tourists and people round, so you feel safe going out. And one of the bus tours departs from Norfolk Square. Obviously this is not a feature of the hotel but of the neighbourhood, and there are many hotels nearby (if I say 40 hotels I might not be exaggerating)! But this one I visited and stayed there, and found pretty clean and comfortable. But if you big bathrooms, tubs instead of showers, lifts or other types of amenities – be prepared to pay a lot more than £65.	
Oct 7 2004	A great place to stay in London	We visited London during the end of August 2004 with our two teenage children. We were very happy with the hotel on several counts. It was easy to make a reservation and the proprietors assured us that they would do everything to make us comfortable (which they did). The location, around the corner from Paddington Station, was excellent. It was an easy arrival on the Heathrow Express right into the station. The Tube lines took us everywhere we needed to go. The hotel rooms are not like what you'd get at a typical American hotel -- large but sterile, however the rooms (# 207 and 208) had adequate space for 2 people. The beds were very comfortable. Bathrooms were very tiny but the water was hot, and hey -- we didn't come to London for the showers! The hotel fronts Norfolk Square which is a lovely tree-lined park, quiet for a big city. There were several restaurants, cafes and pubs just a quick walk away offering Greek, Indian, and Burger King (great for the kids). The full English breakfast was generous, served by pleasant staff, and available in a nice breakfast room in the basement. The nicest part of the experience was the proprietors, Foula and George, who were friendly, helpful, and enjoyable company. In all, it was a great value for the price.	
Sep 23 2004	It was upto it's expectation	Before coming to London i searched for a lot of hotels and checked their reviews on tripadvisor, after a lot of hard work i selected St. David's Hotel, Due to it's all Good review and it's proximity to Paddington. I arrived on 6th September night and stayed for 8 days. And all i can say is that it was wonderful experience staying in this hotel. Nothing to complain about. Location was great Paddington Underground, and Heathrow express station was just 1 block away. Breakfast was excellent. Though i didn't taste the Great Royal English Breakfast but my wife liked it. I used to eat Omellete and toast with butter and jam daily. So there is flexibility you an ask for what you want in breakfast they will be happy to serve you if they can.Hotel is run by a family from Cyprus. And they are good in runing it.While checking out i had a chat with the nice and lovely lady, and came to know about them.Well cost wise it may seem to be costlier a little bit. I saw hotels much cheaper around this area but i didn't check them.I had booked a double room for £ 65 per night, But lady charged only 500 from me for 8 nights.The room was small as it's typical in London and so batrhoom, being a tall man i had difficulty in using them but you have to get habitual of it. Even now i renting a studio in London i find the size of bathroom same. Overall recommended from my side.	
Sep 14 2004	Any bad words on this hotel can not be truth - BEST HOTEL!	Fantastic hotel, welcomeing people, tastey breakfast, small but very clean and comfortabel room!! This place is perfecto for holiday to London.Giorgio and Foula (owners) help me and familia with many things, very nice people.We will come back here next time definataely.	
Aug 19 2004	YUK	I arrived after a long flight to be given a room on the first floor. The room smelt and was extremely small. The bathroom was built into part of the window and there was a step up to it. It was almost like it was a port-a-loo. The smell coming out of it was disgusting. And it was so time I could sit on the toilet and put my leg on the desk. It was very hot and there was no security on the window and being on the frist floor I didn't feel comfortable leaving the window open. Thank god it was only for one night. I was out of there first thing the next morning.	
Aug 18 2004	An excellent budget hotel		
Aug 16 2004	Dreadful. Try The Ashley Hotel instead		
Aug 13 2004	a nice little place		
Aug 3 2004	Outstanding hosts accomodating great location and reasonable price		
Jun 30 2004	Great staff Family room		
Jun 25 2004	Highly recommended		
Apr 16 2004	The St. David's Hotel is terrific in all respects		
Mar 27 2004	Great Hotel Great Price		
Oct 15 2003	great value		
Jun 17 2003	Great location		
May 21 2009 	je le recommande		
May 20 2009 	N'y allez pas! Vous mettez votre santé en jeu!!!		
Aug 4 2008 	espantosooooo!		
Nov 10 2007	Très bonne adresse		
