	best place in the UK	I've stayed at the Ridgemount off and on for nearly 20 years -- traveling alone, taking groups of students from SUNY Geneseo, playing with friends. Mrs and Mr Rhees, the owners, their son and long-time employees make the hotel a home-away in every sense of the word. True, some rooms are better than others, but all are clean and cleaned daily, all are warm in the winter, all are as friendly as small rooms can be. There's a free tea/coffee machine in the lounge. The breakfasts are wildly generous and the wait-staff are all very kind to tourists who don't quite know the difference between a B&amp;B and a restaurant. You can leave your purse, your laptop, your first-born in the room and have no doubt that everything will be there when you return.The location is priceless. You are on several major bus lines, 2 short blocks from two Tube stops, a long block from the British Museum, and the biggest Waterstone's in the world is right across the street! Bliss! (Eat at Wagamamma down on the left almost to New Oxford St.)For a small fee they will do your laundry for you -- a priceless service in these days of carry-on baggage! Drop off in the morning, pick up at night = budget traveler's delight.Five times I've taken groups of students for January study-abroad classes and it's only the Ridgemount that makes this possible. For small groups (10-12) SUNY can staff with only one faculty member and no admin person, so it's very much working without a net for the faculty member. The Ridgemount is my net. Not only do I know that the kids will get 24/7 good advice and London travel help from the main desk, not only do I know that they are safe at all times in and around the hotel, but the Rhees family pitches in and helps in all sorts of situations. Mrs Rhees brought tea and juice to the room of a sick student while the class was off to Canterbury and her son drove us to the hospital on another occasion. They are a wonderful family and they genuinely want to help you in any way possible. (And they provide a shoulder to cry on for the tired/exhausted/pissed-off professor.)The people who have written bad reviews here may not know just how hard it is to find a clean, safe, affordable room in the very middle of London.The two best rooms are #20 (a small double one flight up and on the garden side) and #2, a tiny single on the first landing. (The #2 bath is microscopic, but the entire west wall of the room is a giant window opening on the back gardens and in the summer it's like sleeping on a terrace -- fabulous.) The street side is noisy in the summer (duh?) but in the winter with the windows closed, there's no problem. There are many rooms without baths, which is a nice option if you are broke. The shared facilities are extremely clean. All beds are great with real cotton sheets and generous blankets -- not that you need them, because the heat is the most generous I've every experienced in 2+ decades of constant visits to London. When I stay for longer than a couple of weeks, I do go over to London House (Goodenough College/Club in Mecklenburgh Square) but that option is very expensive if your aren't an academic/member.I really can't say enough good about the Ridgemount. Stay there!	
	Wonderful stay clean great service (small room)	We stayed at the Ridgemount for four days, in a room with a private bathroom, and were very happy with it. We picked it based on all the favorable reviews on Tripadvisor.Excellent things about this hotel:- CLEAN -- not one speck of dirt anywhere in the room or bathroom. The housekeepers cleaned the room every day to the same standard.- Breakfast -- served downstairs from 7-9. Unlimited juice, hot drinks, cereal, toast, and jam, plus a hot meal, which was usually a subset of these things: tomato, eggs, cheese, ham, sausage. If you're vegetarian, they'll modify the dish for you.- Friendly -- the owners and all the staff we met were exceptionally friendly, eager to help, and seemed to really enjoy their jobs- Free luggage storage -- useful for our last day- Free internet -- the wifi reached our room on the 3rd floor- Free hot drinks all day- Cold sodas for only 50 pence- Amazing location -- 5 minutes from the British Museum, and less than 5 minutes from the Tube at Goodge St. Only a 15 minute walk to St. Pancras, for the trains to Paris.Things we knew coming in:- The room was very small- There was some noise from Gower Street- No elevator, so you have to carry your luggage up the stairsOther information:- The hotel provides bar soap, but not shampoo- There were no &quot;do not disturb&quot; signs -- the maids had to knock on the door to see if they could come clean the room... though I'll admit we did sleep in a bit lateAll in all, if you want a clean, conveniently located, comfortable (albeit very small) room, at a reasonable price (by London standards), the Ridgemount is the place to go.	
Nov 25 2009 	Great value wonderful staff	We stayed for 10 days in this great budget hotel. It's perfectly located for getting anywhere in London via Tube or buses. It's a family-run establishment, and the proprietor, other family members, and staff were unfailingly pleasant and helpful. The lounge offers a free internet computer for guest use (very helpful, as we didn't bring a laptop) in addition to wireless access. Also available in the lounge were a free coffee and tea machine and soft drinks for 50 pence (a bargain for London). Our room (standard, no bath) was small and utilitarian but freshly painted and impeccably clean, and the beds/pillows were comfortable. You should be aware, however, that Gower Street has heavy traffic, including buses. If you are sensitive to noise you should request an off-street room (we stayed in a room facing the street, but I used earplugs and found the noise level acceptable).	
Nov 23 2009 	very impressed with the ridgemount	I chose this hotel for a very rare overnight stay in london on the basis of previous reviews.i am now more than happy to add my praise.unless you need luxury,this hotel has everything for a stay in the capital.firstly,the welcome was charming,i was offered advice on the area and city and on checking out, was allowed to leave my luggage until it was time to head back home.the location is excellent,a few minutes from goodge street tube station, on the northern line, for easy access to all parts and.there are plenty of nice looking restaurants ,bars and pubs close at hand.my room was good,small but spotlessly clean with a nice en suite with a good shower.there was a tv and hairdryer also.there is a computer set up in the lounge available free of charge as are tea and coffeeunlike most hotels,breakfast was not buffet but served by a group of charming and efficient ladies.there was a choice of three cereals,fruit juice,a substantial cooked breakfast,coffee or tea and toast.just what is required for a hard days sightseeing.my only regret was that i was only staying for one night,when i return,it will definately be for longer.	
Nov 6 2009 	Great location for great value.	A truly great find. At first I was a little skeptical, given the shared bathroom &amp; shower scenario, but it could not have turned out better! We asked for a double room, but ended up getting a HUGE room with a double bed and three singles on the top floor for a great rate. Fantastic view of Gower street, and tons of room.Everything was spotless - sink, bed, sheets, etc, and *not once* did we have a wait for the bathroom or shower. The owners were super friendly and helpful, pointed out where the attractions/restaurants were on the map. Just great.The English breakfast was excellent; really hearty. Full service; the ladies serving us were very friendly. The location was fantastic. A short walk (15 mins) to the British Museum, and completely walkable to Trafalgar Square and other attractions. You're right smack in the middle of London, yet the B&amp;B is on a very quiet and nice street.I can't say enough about this place! Would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 5 2009 	ONLY "GOODS THINGS" about RIDGEMOUNT Hotel	Great location ( really near underground stations and Buses stops or at walking distances to the places to see in London), friendly and helpful staff (at the front desk with managers and/or people in the breakfast room ) , quiet room ( but surely because it was located at the rear of the hotel closer to the back-garden and a non-busy street;To summarize : hotel to be recommended.	
Oct 20 2009 	Good value great location clean rooms and friendly staff	My partner and I stayed here from the 13th to the 17th of October 2009. We chose the Ridgemount because of the large number of positive reviews, and the fact that it's relatively cheap (for London) and many people said the hotel was very clean.We arrived about half an hour early, though we were able to wait in the lounge whilst the room was being cleaned. They provide free tea (P&amp;G tips) and coffee (Maxwell house), free internet on a public-use computer, as well as free wifi - though the signal is a bit dodgy if you leave the ground floor (occasionally we could get it in our room, usually we could pick it up on the stairwell). There's also a vending machine with cans of coke etc for 50p.We booked a few months in advance and were given room 26 - a double with ensuite that overlooked the back garden. The room was larger than I was expecting, though I've read a lot of people find them to be quite small, but if you're only using the room as a place to sleep then the size is fine. The outside temperature varied between about 7 and 17 degrees Celsius - even so, the room was quite warm, and we slept with the window open a little at night to keep from getting too hot. I definitely wouldn't stay here in the middle of summer, as I can seeing the rooms being quite unbearably hot.Having the window open did increase the noise level a fair bit, though this didn't bother me at all and I was able to sleep well. This might have been a different story if we'd been given one of the rooms facing the street, as it's busy most of the time (even at night) and the noise level is higher.The bed was an actual double - not a queen, so if you're not used to sharing such a small bed with your partner you might be a bit put out. The bed was made, towels were replaced and the room and bathroom were cleaned every day.The bathroom is a smallish, but doesn't fog up when you shower. There's plenty of space to store toiletries, and the water pressure was great.Breakfast was between 7 and 9am and was included in the price. I never had to wait for a table, and the staff were always very friendly. There was coffee, tea and orange juice - I also heard someone ordering a hot chocolate, though I never asked for one. A choice of 3 cereals (when we were there they were cornflakes, frosty flakes or bran flakes) was followed by an egg &amp; bacon (I read that a lot of Americans thought it was more like ham than bacon, though I think that's because American bacon is teeny thin little rashers. I'm Australian and it was just like our bacon at home, if not a little thicker). There's also a cooked breakfast item that rotates every day - tomato, baked beans or a sausage. This is all topped off with as much toast (with butter and marmalade) as you like.Overall I'd stay there again.	
Oct 18 2009 	Fantastic Hotel with friendly staff. Will stay again.	We loved this Hotel. As soon as we arrived we were greeted by the lovely lady who runs the hotel who instantly made us feel at home and showed us on a map where everything was. She really made us feel like family. The Hotel is very clean and quite charming, with simple but very comfortable rooms and although our room didn't come with a bathroom, the shared facilities were always clean (and this made the rate cheaper). The included breakfast was also a nice touch, with simple but wholesome food served with a friendly smile. There was even a laundry service in the hotel that was excellent value. The Hotel is also in a great, safe location near excellent restaurants, the theater district and walking distance to the center of London (although the tube is faster and gower st station is just around the corner). This is a great place to stay in London and offers exceptional value. For a cheap, comfortable place to stay you could not do better in all of the U.K. Would highly recommend to anyone.	
Oct 16 2009 	Clean comfortable delicious breakfast good location great price. What's not to love??	My two sons (22 and 20 years old) stayed here on vacation, and they were very happy with the accommodations. The room was clean; the beds were comfortable; the bathroom was small but clean. Yes, the room was small, but the kids weren't in London to hang out in the room. The staff was gracious and helpful, willing to make recommendations. Their service was excellent. The boys raved about the breakfast--all you could eat, all delicious. Andrew is still talking about the orange marmalade (we have some in the refrigerator at home, but he had to go to London to try it! God forbid he would eat anything new at home!). The location is just perfect for sightseeing.By the way, I made all the arrangements for them by email, and the person who contacted me was polite, prompt with replies, and appreciative of our business. I paid in advance, and there were no hidden charges or additions when the boys checked out. Wonderful hotel!!This hotel is highly recommended by my family. We would stay there again.	
Oct 14 2009 	great value - friendly service	I have stayed at several places in London with business over the last few years, ranging from hostels to 4 stars and have experienced the good and the bad - the latter including cockroaches, mouse faeces and a night desk manager whose attentions were exceedingly creepy. So I wasn't expecting miracles - just needed somewhere decent, well priced and reasonable near to my work base for two nights. The Ridgemount was a great find. OK it's small but hey its London and for these prices what do you expect? It's not done up like a dogs dinner but quite frankly I couldnt care less if I dont have designer taps in my en suite but is is CLEAN - this beats any other criteria as far as I'm concerned. The room was tiny but there were lots of nooks and cranny's to put my stuff in. I had my own bathroom. The single bed was compact but comfy. I was at the rear of the building and it was very quiet. The staff - especially the manager - were really nice, pleasant and helpful. The breakfast was good - You won't get a choice of fairtrade fruit salad, home made kedgeree or organically sourced muffins (but who needs fancy breakfast foods anyway?) - you will get tidy, well cooked food, clean tables etc, quick service, lots of cereal, nice toast not made from awful cheapo white bread, proper butter and lots of fantastic coffee and again helpful, pleasant, smiling staff (a change from the grumpy faces I have experienced in some places). The location is great and accessable. Nice big downstairs lounge, internet access and free tea and coffee (Ok not the lovely filter stuff but hot, wet and containing caffeine) in the day from the machine. I like it so much I have booked ahead for all my future work engagments up until July - this is the ideal London hotel for what I want it for - thanks	
Oct 12 2009 	Very good value I'd return but prob not in the summer	Thanks to the reviews here I booked to stay in the Ridgemount at the end of June for 4 nights (in a double). I returned there in early July for another 3 nights (in a single). I stayed in 5 different single/double ensuite/standard rooms in total (we had to switch rooms since I booked relatively late). My experience was mixed initially: we unfortunately caught the (uncharacteristically?) hottest days in London and the rooms were EXTREMELY stuffy and hot (thanks to the traditional English houses). The double rooms I've stayed in faced the street. One night we were on the ground floor; with our window opened, we could hear EVERYTHING going on from the busy Gower St (traffic, people talking on their mobiles - we could hear their conversation!!). Needless to say, we didn't get much sleep at all. The room on the 3rd floor, also facing the street was also very hot and noisy. The following week I went back to London and the temperature had dropped. This time I stayed in a room facing the garden and it was wonderful! (see photos)Pros: *Common bathrooms are very clean and I've never had to wait. *Breakfast is good - a bowl of cereal, lots of toast, tea, and a plate of eggs+meat/tomato. *Very convenient location - 2 short blocks from subway stop (Gower St.) and bus stops and walkable to Oxford St (shopping!) and the British Museum. *The family that runs the hotel is great. Mrs. Rees is LOVELY. She helps serve breakfast and goes round the tables asking if they need help for directions. She gave us a bus map, circled the bus numbers and got us to taking the bus around town. Buses are really slow in London but quite convenient and more relaxing than the tube. *Free wifi (though it wasn't working when we first got there. and reception upstairs isn't so good, so just go down to the common room)*There's a computer in the common room with free internet access (but you might have to wait in line)Cons: *there's no air-con so its very stuffy during hot London days.  Overall: extremely good value for London standard (**very important to note that you're dealing with London hotel standards). I'd love to return, but probably not in June/July and definitely book a room facing the garden (so book way in advance!). I'd just like to mention that I have stayed for a night at a hotel next door - it was a lot more expensive: they pay a bit more attention to details (e.g. the bedding is better quality, nicer mattress, the garden has nice table/chairs which is nice for breakfast) and the breakfast was a big buffet - but if you don't care for that, Ridgemount is just as good and a lot cheaper. (I also walked into two other hotels on Gower St that were a lot more run-down; one of the owners was also quite rude).	
Oct 1 2009 	Perfect!	I stayed at Ridgemount from Sept 22- 28th and it was perfect (if you go in knowing what your getting)We were a group of 5 and stayed in the 2nd floor 5 bedroom with a nice big window, and it was very nice and clean. it was quiet, with some traffic noise but not too much and the floor that we were in there were always bathrooms available for us. Yes the bathrooms are small, but this is what you would get in europe in general! the maid came in every morning to clean and there were always new towels everyday -- and for breakfast since we always had an early wakeup time there was barely any wait! Breakfast will always be cereal, bacon, egg and then either sausage,beans or tomato... at the end of the week my friends and I concluded we had eaten enough bacon for a little pig.. haha the breakfast room was in the basement and they are going through some renovations but it was perfectly fine for usthere is also the lounge room with the free internet and even a pay phone if you need to make calls, and when we paid we had the options to pay in pounds or in USD (not sure if it makes a difference)THE LOCATION IS GREAT! its right next to goodge or euston station and a little farther there is the british museum and the british library. and whats great about both lines are that goodge is somewhat of a main line to trafalger square and leichester (for the theatre) and then the euston station is on the circle time which helps out-- just beware in weekends when the stations are going under renovationsas for the price we paid for the location and the cleanliness of the rooms and all the nice people who helped us on the trip it is definitely worth it! Will be going back when ever i can go back to London...	
Sep 30 2009 	Clean Comfortable and Great Breakfast for a Reasonable Price	My husband and I stayed at the Ridgemount for 3 nights, at the rate of £75 per night in an en suite room (bathroom attached). We were in London as tourists, so it was important for us to be near the &quot;tube&quot; stations. We wanted an affordable, clean, quiet hotel that also had en suite rooms and breakfast included. We were very pleased with our choice of the Ridgemount Hotel.It's located very close to the Goodge Street station on the Northern line and the Russell Square station on the Picadilly line. Many times we were walking to the hotel at night and felt safe. There are several tourist attractions within walking distance of the hotel as well.Our room was small, which is to be expected in any large city and for the room rate. The bedding appeared outdated, but definitely clean. The room was narrow, with the bed (double, I think) against the wall, one chair by the window, a TV wall-mounted in the corner (which only got antenna channels), a wardrobe with a shelf and rod, and corner shelves just outside of the bathroom. The bathroom was also outdated but clean. There was shelf space, but it was small (not the smallest I've been in, though). The hairdryer on the wall wouldn't work, but the attendant at the front desk happily gave me a hairdryer to use for the duration of my stay.The room was quiet. We were on the 2nd or 3rd floor, facing the back of the building. We didn't see an elevator there, but the stairs were fine for us. The lobby area had free hot beverages, a soda machine, a few couches, and one computer with free internet access. Sometimes we had to wait for our turn on the computer, but there were times that I worked for awhile online and no one came by to use it. The breakfast was great. There were several kinds of cereal, toast, juice, milk, coffee, and tea. The breakfast service was served sit-down style by friendly staff. We never had to wait very long for a table, if at all. Breakfast choices varied by day: bacon (more like ham to Americans), eggs, tomatoes, beans, sausage, etc. The staff was polite and helpful about what ingredients were in the breakfast. I'm gluten intolerant, and they brought over the can of Heinz beans for me to read the label. I appreciated that.We arrived early in the morning from Heathrow the first day or our reservation and left in the afternoon on the last day. I was pleased that they allowed us to drop off and temporarily leave our luggage with them. We locked our cases and left them in the lobby area with other people's luggage. It appeared undisturbed both times we retrieved our luggage.We were happy with our stay at the Ridgemount Hotel. It was a basic, clean, and comfortable place that had everything we needed, for the price we wanted. I would recommend it to a friend, and we would stay there again.	
Sep 22 2009 	Not Happy!	I stay in this hotel in June of this year. The good thing was that it was in good place for shopping and travel into tourist areas. But I was unhappy about many things in this hotel. We had to queue for long time in the mornings to be able to get a brekfast table due to the amount of people there was but only for a tiny breakfast area. And everyday I found this to be very stressful and not the ideal start to my holiday mornings. I think also that breakfast was too early too with no flexibility, it was 7.30 till 9 which is very early for people on holidays. I also dont like that pictures of hotel show nice hotel overlooking street. But our room was in the basement with almost no natural light. This was the same as with the breakfast room in the basement, almost no natural light at all which was not a fresh start to our mornings. We also had to share toilet and bathroom with other people in hotel. I complain about this but manager say and do nothing. Overall I found this hotel to be very old and rundown, it was not like the photos where hotel look nice. Would not stay here again!	
Sep 20 2009 	Good Value Comes With Sacrifices	I decided to go deluxe and ordered a double with ensuite. This was one of the few trips where we were not going to stay at multiple destinations and I was looking forward to not living out of a suitcase. Our room was small (expected), but I was disappointed that there were no drawers to speak off. There were hangers thankfully and plenty of shelf space in the washroom*.There are plenty of equivalent hotels up and down Gower street but I suspect that the way the Ridgemount differentiates itself is with service. The maid comes daily, the sit-down breakfast is attended by a number of smiling servers and the office staff is very willing and helpfull in guiding you on how to maximize your holiday. This service combined with the location would have me come back here again. The hotel is convenient to a number of Tube stations (Googe is closest) and a bus stop is less than a block away. Do not overlook the possibility of using the bus over the subway as the service is frequent, it can actually sometimes be faster than the tube and the ride on the second floor of a double-decker is much more scenic. Again, the staff will help you. If you are staying at the Ridgemount you are probably someone looking to save money. Don't forget that most of the world-class London museums (including the nearby British Museum) are free!*see my last post	
Sep 15 2009 	Ridgemount Exactly What We Needed in London	Pros: Location. The Bloomsbury district is more residential and less touristy area of London with a lot of history.Hot breakfast was greatly appreciated each morning.Very near to the Gower street tube$: A good value for the money.Staff was very helpful with directions and suggestions. Thanks!Cons: Stairs, lots of themLOTS of street noise. If you are not use to this, it may bother you.Tiny roomNo air conditioningOVERALL: I felt the pros outweighed the cons, so I would stay here again.	
Aug 31 2009 	Simple no fuss hotel	I Stayed at the Rigdemount for 5 nights in July. I had looked for reviews of hotels in London below £80/night, and the Ridgemout seemed like a good option. I booked in January for a room at the back, and I'm glad I did so. Gower Street is a VERY busy street, so the noise becomes a problem around 8 AM. ROOM:I stayed at room 26, which was a very small room, but I guess that's normal in London. It had a double bed, TV, fan (no AC), and the bathroom had a shower. The room was always very clean, can't complain about this.FOOD:The breakfast was great, it was a combination of cereal, orange juice, bacon, eggs and sausage (or tomato). STAFF:The staff was very friendly (even found a portuguese girl, of course, we're everywhere!) Mr Rees (the owner) was very nice, it gave us directions and buses numbers to where we were going. LOCATIONThe hotel had a good location, it's very close to the underground (Goodge St. or Euston). Across the street to the hotel, there's a great bus stop which we used to go to Piccadilly or Harrods. It's also very close to the British Museum.OVERALL:I recommend this hotel if you're visiting London on a budget. By Portuguese standards, it's a low 2 star hotel and pretty expensive (£78 or €90), but comparing to other similar hotels in London, the Ridgemount is a good choice. Clean, a good breakfast and friendly staff. If you're only going to use the hotel to sleep (like I did), you can't go wrong.	
Aug 27 2009 	An example to follow	After years of disappointing (an understatement) accommodation in London, here at last is an address we can recommend for a comfortable stay in London at reasonable cost. Each time we returned to this fascinating city, we trembled at what kind of room we would find and how long we could stay in it, concluding this was just the general standard. Not here. In particular we would like to underline the warm welcome of this English (not foreign) family-run hotel. Everybody was charming and helpful from the management to the impeccable breakfast service. So this year we stayed fixed, lacking nothing during a two-week stay. Of course, I suppose the calm and comfort depends a little on where exactly you are lodged, facing Gower Street or towards the pleasant gardens at the rear, ground or one of the upper floors. The only small snag we noticed was the incredible popularity of the Internet Centre in the lounge. When Spaniards and Italians frequent this place at 3 in the morning, you might feel disturbed. This is not the management's fault, but I suggest they disable the PC when they lock the doors at 11 pm.	
Aug 22 2009 	wonderful surprise	A coworker mentioned the hotel as being really good and conveniently located. It is by American standards an older building in Bloomsbury about 2 blockes from the British Museum. Quite convenient to shopping,theaters and public transportation. Rooms and facilities are kept very clean and neat. Room was ensuite and well stocked. Breakfast was included; juice,tea/coffee, either cold cereal or eggs,bacon,sausage, etc.Owners/staff checked each morning for our destinations and directions (short cuts) as well. Friendly helpful environment, with free computer available.There are no negatives to report.	
Aug 21 2009 	Good budget value	Pros: Location, staff, breakfast (excellent bacon!), overall athmosphere.Cons: Tiny room, very small bed (only about 110cm's for two adults to share), no aircon, funny smell that made us keep the window open all night.	
Aug 15 2009 	My favorite hotel of the trip--warm and helpful hosts wonderful location.	In the middle of crazy, crowded London, this hotel is a find, and I hope to stay there again. From the moment we walked in the hosts welcomed us, and provided helpful information, including maps and transport information. This warmth continued every morning at breakfast, when one of the family running the hotel walked to each table and inquired what the guests were doing that day, sometimes fleshing out existing ideas and offering new ones. I had a wonderful morning wandering around a street market that I had never heard of, thanks to one of these breakfast chats. They even gave us a converter for US-UK plugs! We ended up staying in two different rooms; the first one was quite narrow with 3 single beds and room for nothing else; the second was much larger and en suite. Both rooms were simple but clean, and the beds extremely comfortable. There is a lounge with a computer for guests to use (free internet). Easy walk to many major sites and to use bus or tube to others. I didn't want to leave!	
Aug 12 2009 	EXCELLENT	I can't add to what most have said. It's very well run. EXCELLENT location and value. Near several tube stops, and bus stops. It's basic, but perfect for me. I'd stay here again, and that's the best recommendation I can give.Keep in mind, as with most London hotels, there is no air conditioning, and air flow can be a challenge. So just bring a spray bottle to keep cool at night. The second floor (US...or first floor UK) had no windows on the floor (there were windows in the room, just not more on the floor, so the floor stayed pretty toasty (compared to floors with windows)) in July when temps were 80 degrees. The staff was very nice, and even brought us a fan.It’s very close to the British Library, and not too far from Covent Garden/Theatre district. There is free wi-fi and a computer to use, with a nice lounge. If you want to go somewhere, Mr Rees can tell you what bus/tube will get you there the quickest. He’s a gold mine of info.	
Aug 10 2009 	Great location nice room wonderful hosts.	Mr. Rees was one of the most helpful persons we met during our vacation to Britain. Tell him what you want to do and where you want to go, and he will tell you how to do it. The rooms were nice, and the location was excellent. Easy to walk to everything we wanted to do, theater, museums, shopping. Great breakfast.	
Aug 7 2009 	Simply wonderful	Although this was a basic bed and breakfast, the location is superb (near at least three tube stations, easy bus stop, close to many theaters, the British Museum and Library, and much more), the proprietors are tremendously welcoming and helpful, breakfast was tasty, and the rooms comfortable. We thoroughly enjoyed staying there and after traveling to Salisbury and Bath for several days, we returned to the Ridgemount and it felt like home! It is a great value and I would stay there again. Unlike other reviewers, the noise on the street did not bother us and the fan in the room kept us cool and comfortable. The rooms are small but again, that was not really an issue. This was simply a great spot for a visit to London.	
Jul 23 2009 	Excellent choice for the money	We were looking for a place to stay on the last couple days of a month long trip. Ridgemount was well located (near the rear door to the British Museum and close to the tourist friendly restaurants and pubs on Goodge street). It is simple, but very clean, well maintained, freshly painted and new plumbing and fixtures in the shared bathrooms. It is family run, with pride and generosity. They were quite helpful and seemed genuinely pleased to help their guests. Breakfast was traditional and free hot drinks in front room and free internet set up. Well worth the trip and highly recommended.	
Jul 19 2009 	Great place!	We had such an enjoyable stay at this hotel, which was recommended to us by friends who stayed there last summer. The room was big (we actually had 4 beds for the 3 of us!) and the shared bathroom was always clean and usually available when needed. The included breakfast was good and plentiful (plus they accommodated our vegetarian diet by giving us beans, cheese, and tomatoes, instead of their meat and eggs). Loved the free wi-fi and the use of a computer for free (along with free tea and coffee all day). They have novels and guide books that you can browse in the living room area. The staff are so nice and very helpful -- they gave us maps and directions/suggestions each day and were able to answer any questions we had. Perfect location (we walked to SoHo for theater/dinner and the British Museum and British Library easily and there are multiple tube stations nearby.	
Jul 17 2009 	Another recommendation for this hotel	There have been so many good reviews on this hotel, and I'd like to add my own to the list!We stayed here 2 nights in June, 2009 during the 2 day tube strike. We arrived at Heathrow, took the Heathrow Express to Picadilly, and then a bus &quot;close&quot; to the hotel. At that time I was't sure how to use the bus system and we definitely didn't get as close as we could have. It was a rainy day, and the bus was jammed and there we were with our suitcases, not knowing where to go. We walked several LONG blocks to get to the hotel.When we arrived, we were greeted by a nice lady who let us know that we would only be in our room 1 night and then we would need to change to another room the next night. I never really got the reason why, but I didn't really care as long as they took care of moving our luggage, which they did. The first night we were on the ground floor. The room was very, very small (maybe 6' X 5'), but fine and the bathroom was very small but also fine. The beds were very firm, and we could hear the noise from the outside street almost as if there was no windows. Well - checking the windows, it turned out that the windows were cracked open a tiny bit. By closing them, the sound was MUCH more tolerable!!The 2nd night we were on the 3rd floor. The room was probably twice the size as the first (which isn't saying it was a huge room - maybe 10' x 10'). Both rooms were clean and the decoration was homey.The selling points of this hotel (as stated by many others): - The incredible price- The wonderful people who worked there. All of them!!!!- The location was perfect - it was 2 blocks to the British Museum, and really just a few steps and then across the street to an incredible bus line that took us through many of London's attractions, and right to Victoria Station. We ended up taking the bus almost everywhere. Great experience with London's transportation system, which is amazing because it was during the tube strike.- We used Goodge Street tube which was approx. 1 block away. We used this station to transfer to our next hotel, so we had luggage with us but it worked out fine - there are elevators that take you down to the tube. Perfect!- The breakfast was good. There was cereal, toast with butter and marmalade, 1 egg, and a bacon/ham type thing (it was a combo of both - I've never had that in the US). On one morning the egg was served with a fried tomoto half and on the next morning the egg was served with beans (like pork and beans) - again something that isn't usual in the US for breakfast, but what the heck!! They also had very nice hot chocolate!- I traveled with my 15 year old daughter and I did not feel anxious walking around the area at night.- Free internet! This is so wonderful to have available. There is a very homey lounge area and a computer that guests can use.Bottom line: I would stay here again and have already recommended it to several people who may be going to London. We stayed at another, more expensive hotel near the London Eye, but I would choose this hotel over that one in a heartbeat.Enjoy your trip!!!!	
Jul 5 2009 	Great experience... as usual	I'm a returning guest and I will be returning again in the future. Cosy family run hotel with a personal touch (the owner walking around the tables at breakfast asking whether you need tips on how to do things, where to go, etc). Rooms are small but clean and that's what matters to me; beds are comfy with good mattresses. Breakfast doesn't have a big choice but it's included in the price of the room (which is veeery cheap for London standards) and has all the essentials: tea, coffee, toast and jam, cereals AND english breakfast.15 mins walk to Oxford Street, 5 mins to Goodge St. tube station. I couldn't ask for more to be honest!This is definitely my place to stay in London (and I've seen quite a few, including Hiltons, to be able to say this).	
Jul 3 2009 	Very helpful hosts and convenient location	Very friendly staff in a great location..London can be difficult in a heatwave essentially being a city designed a couple of hundred years ago. They had a fan in the room to cater for the heatwave like conditions, very helpful as we have a third one tucked into the roaster... Lots of little pubs and restaraunts in the area. Easily accessible from all airports.Thanks to the staff in addition who provided a great Brekky to fuel a long journey that day from LHR..	
Jun 27 2009 	Great price great location	This hotel has everything you need for a stay in London. The rooms and bathrooms were clean, the breakfast was wonderful, the staff was friendly and helpful, and the location is perfect. I stayed in a quad ensuite for a few nights with my parents and brother, and in a different quad without a bathroom another night. Even though the hotel is on busy Gower Street, I thought it was very quiet overall. The rooms are a bit small but I found it to be no problem. The breakfast was fantastic and the staff are very willing to help you plan your day and get to where you need to be. You can get free internet at a computer in the lounge (or easily steal wireless from a nearby place -- it's a busy area!)Basically, for the price you pay, this hotel is a gem. London is extremely expensive especially the Bloomsbury area. Ridgemount is on Gower Street where there is a major bus stop, plus several tube stops near by (Euston Sq, Euston, Warren St, Goodge St). Also great selections of restaurants on nearby Charlotte St for dinner!	
Jun 25 2009 	Cheap and Basic	The Ridgemount Hotel is basic and cheap. If you expect more than that, then you will be disappointed. You definitely will not find a hotel this cheap in Bloomsvury. On the whole, the hotel feels worn and a little rundown, but everything worked. Free wi-fi was a definitely plus. I had a single room with shared bath. The room itself was very clean and had a sink and TV. The bathrooms and toilets down the hall were also very clean. My only complaint was that the windows did not do a good job blocking the noise from Gower Street.	
Jun 19 2009 	Great B 	We had 3 nights at the Ridgemount, excellent hosts, gave great advice on transport, pubs etc.Breakfast was excellent, a great start to the day, free internet access was available any time of the day as was tea &amp; coffee.We had a room facing the court yard, lovely outlook.Excellent location as we were catching the Eurostar to Paris, just a 15 min walk away.Cannot beat location and price!	
Jun 19 2009 	Overall very good value friendly staff!	Stayed four nights with spouse. The best hotel staff on our three country, four city trip.PROSVery friendly staff (especially the gentleman that asks each morning what your plans are and if he can help)Full English breakfast in cozy basement eating area (great staff there too)Free high speed internet access in cozy front reading/TV roomGood, safe area near the city center and a bus stop / tube station (Russell Square)CONSOur room was on the street side, which was pretty noisy even with all the windows downThe toilet had recurring problems with water pressureA bit dated decor, no frills room with a small (13&quot;?), older TV...not really a CON for us, but some travelers might be looking for something more modern.	
Jun 14 2009 	Great value for the money	I stayed at the Ridgemount Hotel for 3 nights in June 09 and I really enjoyed my stay. A great solution for a low budget hotel in a fantastic location. if you're looking for a simple room to stay at and have a place to crash at night, this is the place for you. On my next time in London I will definitely come back.It was the first time in London for us, 4 friends on our early 20s. We took a Quad room on the 4th floor facing the street with a private bathroom. The shared bathroom also seemed nice and clean, but we prefered adding a couple of pounds for en-suite.Pros:* Great value for the money! We paid about £100 for the four of us per night, including breakfast - one of the cheapest offers we could find.* GREAT Location, short ride on the tube to every central tourist site. * 5 min. walk from 2 tube stations (Goodge, Euston Square).* The rooms are clean. VERY clean.* Clean towels every day.* The quad room had one double bed and two small ones, all were comfortable. * Gower street seems safe, around Ridgemount there are mostly other small hotels and what seems to be student dormitories. As a young woman I felt safe walking alone at night.* Free WiFi. not too stable on the 4th floor, though. You can always go down to the small lounge downstairs, it also has a PC if you don't own a laptop.* English breakfast included, nice and simple. * Friendly staff, very helpful! In our first day they asked us what is the purpose of our trip and suggested help and guidance every single day.* Nice atmosphere - Feels very homy.Cons:The cons are really minor considering the price and the pros.* 4 floors, no elevator. Getting to the 4th floor with luggage is no easy task.* No air conditioner, and our first day was pretty hot for London. On a typical weather it's no problem.* The street is pretty noisy, even at night. It's not so bad on the upper floors, but I guess it's worse downstairs. If avilable, ask for a room facing the garden.* Smokers can only smoke on the street outside the hotel. * The furniture is pretty old.* Our quad room was pretty crowded for the four of us, the beds are small and the bathroom was tiny.	
May 28 2009 	great location and price	If you're looking for luxury then this hotel won't be for you. If you want central London at around £50 a night, then this is a pretty good bet. It's in Bloomsbury, just round the corner from the British Museum and easily accessible from Euston Square/Goodge St/Russell square tube stops. Location cannot be beaten.The room was basic but comfortable. It reminded me of the student halls I've stayed in nearby - plain decor, no frills. The furnishings and bedlinen were a little worn, and there was a bit of mould in the grouting in the bathroom and limescale on the taps, but everything was very clean and the carpet and curtains appeared new. I had an ensuite twin room on the ground floor - it looked out onto the main road, which was quite noisy with traffic, so perhaps ask for one facing away from the road if you are bothered by this. There were a hairdryer, towels, and old tv, but no kettle or toiletaries other than a small bar of soap. As I bring my own shampoo etc anyway it didn't matter for that price. There are plenty of late-closing supermarkets and chemists on Goodge St/Tottenham Court Road anyway if you forget to bring toiletaries. The bed also had feather pillows - which is unusual.There is a quite nice lounge with a tv and a computer for internet [although you can get wireless in your room], and a drinks machine for tea and instant coffee.Breakfast was in quite a dingy basement room- the staff were almost too attentive - felt a little rushed at times. Limited choice [tea or coffee, 3 types of cereal, white toast and marmalade but no jam?, orange juice, and cooked breakfast consisted of only bacon, beans and egg] but again, I wasn't complaining at that price. The owners seemed very chatty with some of the regulars. I agree with some of the other comments that I would rather the owners keep the place in this no frills condition at this price, rather than do it up and charge more. It's difficult to find anywhere clean or decent in central London, so this fits the bill. It might get a bit too basic if you were staying for a long time, but for a couple of nights it is great.	
May 23 2009 	Great Hotel with Great Staff and Great Value	My wife and I had high hopes for this hotel based on the reviews here and were more than satisfied. Our room, although at the top floor was spacious and comfortable. The staff was very friendly and very much like family by the end of the trip. Its hard to know what to say that hasnt been said. Even without a room with a bathroom in it, it was still private and convenient to use the shared facilities. The breakfast was simply amazing, one of the highlights of our entire European trip. Have recommended this already and will continue to until we stay there again! This was the best part of London for us.	
May 19 2009 	Probably the best place to stay in London	Since I found it, I've always been guided by Trip Advisor but, having booked into the Ridgenount, I began to have doubts that any London could approach the quality I wanted at the price I was paying. How crazy my doubts were. This must be the best place to stay in London be it business or pleasure.I was travelling with a friend for a 4 day (3 nights) stay and we had booked two single en-suite rooms.The reception we received was so friendly and helpful I began to wonder if his was really London.The room, though small was clean and well designed to allow for storage. There was a hair dryer and even a telephone (didn't try it, so couldn't say how effective it was). The en-suite also was small, but totally adequate.Breakfast was excellent. Fruit juice, cereal, egg &amp; bacon + another (baked beans, tomato or sausage during my stay) As much toast as you wanted, with tea or coffee. And all served by friendly staff.The residents lounge had free internet access, a selection of books and games, and free tea and coffee.Perhaps the highlight, however, was the owners. Unbelievably friendly and helpful. They must be true original Londoners!	
May 17 2009 	We will be repeat customers!	My husband and I and two of my sisters and their husbands took a week long trip to London in March. My husband did a great deal of research and came up with the Ridgemont Hotel for us to stay. He chose it because it was affordable and centrally located and got great reviews on TripAdvisor. And now I am writing my own great review to add to the many already posted. If you are looking for a fancy place, then the Ridgemont is not the place for you. The rooms are small and starkly furnished. The breakfasts are plain with not much variety. But what the Ridgemont lacks in amenities, it more than makes up for in every other regard. The hotel is indeed centrally located and is in walking distance to a bus and tube station or your destination itself. The staff was very friendly and the hotel is very clean. The owner knows how to get to anyplace in London. He even knew which tubes were not running and how to get to where we were going via alternate transportation. Every morning, before we headed out, we just asked him how to get there and he was right on the money every time. That saved us a lot of time in planning our route. In addition, he knew where the nearest stores were, where the best pubs were that we could walk to, and where we could get a good and quick bite to eat. I mentioned that our rooms were small and they were but the bed was very comfortable and we had fresh air every night as we could open a window. I slept like a baby. I also mentioned that the breakfasts were plain and they were but they were served with a smile and promptly. You had your choice of 3 different cereals, fried egg, sausage or bacon, toast with marmalade and tomatoes sometimes. Also orange juice, coffee or tea or hot chocolate. The food was prepared well and was tasty. The only thing it was lacking was fruit. The hotel has a sitting area that has a computer with high speed internet connection. In summary, the Ridgemont Hotel is a great place to stay in central London and my family and I highly recommend it. An exceptional value with a warm, helpful staff and a relaxed atmosphere.	
May 6 2009 	Unique and Character Hotel	We loved Ridgemount Hotel for its uniqueness and character, with its lovely and very welcoming atmosphere. The hotel is family run and has been so for over 46 years. The owners are just so welcoming and very helpful with any queries or other matters which one might have. The staff are fantastic wanting to make sure that you enjoy your stay! The breakfast is a traditional English breakfast which gives a good start to the day with plenty more for greater appetites. Ridgemount Hotel impresses with its standard of cleanliness - for example all towels are being changed daily. Free Internet use and access in a simple and cosy lounge was much appreciated by fellow guests and travellers, generosity of our hosts showing through free tea and coffee available. Also TV in the lounge and guest rooms. Adjacent are the Ridgemount Gardens and hotel guests are welcome to enjoy the lovely backyard hotel garden. The weather gods were good to us with plenty of splendid blue sky and sunshine! The location is excellent; the hotel being situated within the very interesting Bloomsbury district. Close to amenities of public transport (tube and busses) and cultural and historic sites, within good walking distance of attractive sites of London. Popular bus routes are very conveniently in reach. Supermarkets are near by also. On the first night, we did initially encounter one problem with traffic noise coming from the street. We were very appreciative when another room was then made available to us the following day on the other side of the hotel facing the garden. Thank you for the lovely stay!	
Apr 29 2009 	The Best Hotel in London	We loved this hotel. The owners were wonderful, and the people who worked there were very nice too. The people there, really want you to enjoy your stay.We had two rooms, one was a twin room for our two teenagers and the other was a room for five, this one was very clean and the children had place to play. The breakfast was great, we were served as much as we wanted in toast, coffee et cetera. In the lounge there's free tea and coffee and internet too.There are lots of buses that pass just outside that take you to Covent Garden, The Natural History and Science Museum and more. The owners told us where to buy bus tickets (£7.40 for the day for everyone, anywhere on London's red buses).Oxford Street was five minutes walk away.Lots of great restaurants nearby, we loved The North Sea Fish Restaurant.We will definately return there next year.	
Apr 16 2009 	Great value location full breakfast and quiet	3 minute walk to Goodge St metro, quiet rooms in the back, rooms plain but high ceilings and comfortable beds. We were in the basement and shared a full bathroom which had very good tub and shower. Breakfast was full and nicely served. Owners friendly and helpful, very secure location. Not luxurious but a great value and very convenient to British Museum, theatre district, metro stations. Well-worn furniture in lounge, it won't impress visitors, so entertain elsewhere, avoid free machine coffee.	
Apr 8 2009 	PERFECT	I have stayed in many of Gower Streets hotels/b &amp; b's but this one i enjoyed most. The price &amp; location were superb. My room was clean and comfortable. The staff were really friendly and helpful. They were always ready to help some of the guests with directions and ideas for where to go. As a 'Londoner in exile' who returns 6 or so times a year i certainly hope to be returning to the Ridgemount from now on.	
Apr 8 2009 	Excellent staff and terrific location	I spent 11 nights at the Ridgemount and enjoyed my stay very much. The owners and staff were very helpful and asked each day what my plans were and made many terrific suggestions to facilitate my plans. I stayed in a small single room facing the garden so it was very quiet. I did not have an ensuite bathroom but rather used the one down the hall and down one set of stairs. It was always immaculate and I often wondered if anyone else was using the showers because they were always clean and dry. The breakfast was delicious and there was plenty of it. My TV did not work but I didn't really care as I wasn't there to watch TV anyway. The bed was a bit hard for my personal taste but also no big deal. The location was great. It is within walking distance of several tube stations, grocery and pharmacy stores, restaurants and the British Museum. I had a wonderful time here and would not hesitate to recommend to others.	
Apr 2 2009 	Excellent hotel in its class	We stayed one week at the Ridgemount in March and were delighted with the hotel. Great value for the money. The owners have made wise decisions to keep the price of rooms affordable, by the standards of central London. (Clients cannot expect to have everything for that price ...!) What you get for your money are competent and experienced staff, congenial owners who go to great lengths to accomodate the reasonable needs and requests of their guests, clean rooms and bathrooms, a copious breakfast -- the perfect start to a day of sightseeing ! -- and of course a very good location in the heart of Bloomsbury, within walking distance of the West End theatres and close to Underground and bus lines. To keep prices affordable, the owners have chosen not to update the decor and fabrics, and there are no telephones in the rooms. (calling from a hotel room is prohibitively expensive, in any case !) But these are minor sacrifices to make. My wife, daughter, and I could not possibly have been happier with a hotel in that price range, and the hotel (and its owners) were a crucial part of our enjoyable stay in London. We would recommend the hotel to anyone and hope to stay there again.	
Apr 1 2009 	Familiar comfortable good in service...	We spent there five days and four nights and I must say we really enjoyed our staying in the hotel. In fact, we were only at the hotel for breakfast and to have some rest but our hosts were always ready to help us with the transport, places for shopping and lunch, interesting and curious places to visit: anything! We have a baby only 18 months all and they offered their help from the vary beginning: a kettle to heat the baby's bottle, a cod,...Th hotel is near St. Pancras Station and there are some underground station near too! There is a supermarket two streets away and it is near some theatres. Oxford street is also in three minutes walk and the British Museum so close that you can nearly touch the mummies! I recommend this hotel because...we felt as if we were at home!	
Mar 31 2009 	Great value in Bloomsbury	We(2 adults+1 child) just returned from a 4 night stay at the Ridgemount between the 26th and the 30th. We stayed in a triple room(nr301) on the top floor facing the street for which we paid £93 per night, a good price in an expensive London.The room was surprisingly big with 2 smaller beds and one larger bed. The beds were quite hard and not that comfy but I have had worse. The bathroom was more spacious than I thought it would be and it was clean so we were pleased. You didnt get any shampoo or shower gel so bring your own. The room was nicely cleaned but it is a bit worn down and the floor was very uneven but in a charming way. There is a TV but the reception isn that great and there are only 4-5 channels but who is in London to watch TV? The biggest problem with the room was the street noise which can be disturbing if you are a light sleeper but after the first night it wasnt a big issue for us. But if you can reserve a room facing the backyard.The breakfast was ok with lots of bacon and I mean lots of bacon with eggs, beans and sometimes sausages. You get toast, orangejuice, tea and cereal as well. It was good for a day of sightseeing but after 4 days you get a little bored of bacon and want something else. The service was good, everyone was friendly and helpful and eager to show the way to the sights. The location of the hotel is excellent as many has said before, close to the theatres and to most subway lines.I stayed at one of the Ridgemounts neighbours last year, The Arosfa and the hotels are very similiar. I stayed in a one bed room then so its hard to compare the rooms but if I had to choose I would probably go with the Arosfa but the difference is very little and I can reco the Ridgemount as well.	
Mar 29 2009 	Tidy but spartan. Better than most for £70....	It's a small hotel that has seen better days but it is clean, well run and the staff actually care. £70 elsewhere in the UK would be expensive but for sort of central London it's a bargin	
Mar 28 2009 	Excellent value and good location	Service was friendly and very helpful.The room was small, but clean and in good condition. This room faced the courtyard, with no problem at all with traffic noise.Breakfast provided was excellent - a great start to the day, with friendly service.Just 2 mins walk from Goodge Street tube station, quite a bit further from Russell Square. Euston/St Pancras station about 20 mins level walk.Good bus service past the front door.Highly recommended.	
Mar 20 2009 	Wonderful service	I had forgotten to confirm my reservation and showed up on the doorstep expecting a room. The owners made room for us the first night and found us a room 2 doors down the second night. Very nice location. my only complaint was that the bathrooms are so very small, that is true with every B&amp;B we stayed in through out Great Britain.	
Mar 19 2009 	Pleasant Surprise located just North of the City	My wife and I stayed here for a trip just under a week, and were pleasantly surprised by this hotel. Truth be told, we were just looking for a place to crash for the night that seemed to be in a good location and had an ensuite. We got just that and more--the hotel is conveniently located to both the Goodge Street and Euston Station undergrounds, and near a University, so there's plenty to eat and drink if you're willing to walk a block or two.Our experience was fantastic. This hotel is a gem, well kept, and well worth the price. It's not a Hilton, by any means, but the rooms were clean, the bed comfortable, the shower hot, and the breakfast generous. The staff were incredibly friendly, and made certain that we were comfortable during our stay.One bit of advice I can give--the directions mention it, but it bares emphasis. When coming from Gatwick, transfer to the Northern Line and get off at Goodge Street. The Hotel is maybe a half block from Goodge Street Station, and this will most likely be your Tube home station, especially if you're going to the City. The directions from Warren Street were unclear, and the map provided would have been more helpful if the streets were more adequately signed from Warren Street station. Goodge Street seems much less confusing, and is much closer. This is also a great launch point for a day trip to Paris by the Eurostar--St. Pancras is one stop away from Euston Station, a short 5 minute walk north of the Hotel.	
Mar 9 2009 	Not really suitable for family with two children	I stayed at the Ridgemount Hotel in January with my family and found it to be ok if you are on a very tight budget. I found the Hotel to be very old with very few facilities. We were situated in the room directly next to the breakfast room and the kitchen which provides. Because of this we found that in the mornings the room became very noisy (starts aroung 6.15 am!) due to the thin walls and door. This wasn't really suitable for a family with two small children. The breakfast was ok. Even with the price in mind I was looking for that little bit extra. With the benefit of hindsight I think it might have been better to pay a little bit extra for a more quality hotel.	
Mar 5 2009 	Gasve my room away	Good location but bad experience. In June 08 I reserved room #17 because it was the biggest room, was located in rear and was on 1st floor. In December they email and say they made a mistake and gave my room away and put me on the top floor facing the street and that the current rate for the quad is 96# (less than the 104# booked). I asked what they could do to make this a better situation and they responded that I could book the quad or they would check with their neighbors to see if they had a rooms available. When I checked in Mr. Reyes said they would bill me less than what they quoted me, but when i checked out Mrs. Reyes said no, this is the bill. I specifically asked, just to be clear, that you gave my room away, Mr. Reyes said he was charging me less than what i was quoted, and now your telling me that you aren't going to do anything for me. She replied &quot;yes&quot;. It was unfortunate they had the opportunity to make it better and decided not to do anything. To top it off Mr. Reyes insisted we be out of the room no later than 11am. I will not be back. Extremely poor water pressure on the top floor and they serve more beans w/ their english breakfast than anywhere else i've seen.	
Feb 26 2009 	The star rating of only 5 is not enough. I want to give more stars to Ridgemount Hotel!	The Ridgemount Hotel gave me outstanding value for money! The location is really convenient, and the street where the hotel locates in is not a dodgy street, and I felt safe to go back to the hotel in the evening. My room was a single room with a washbasin, and I shared a shower room with another guests. The room is absolutely clean. The building itself is not new, however they keep it so clean, and I was very happy. They provide face towels (small and big) and they are changed every day. My room was on the ground floor, and facing the street, but it was not that loud in the evening. I enjoyed using the internet in my room with my laptop, because they have wireless internet connection. The strength of the signal may vary depending on where you are, but if you do not have signal, you can go to the common room and you can use the internet. There is also a computer in the common room. There is a TV, a hair dryer, and a small wordrobe in the room. There is a telephone as well, but I am not sure if you can really use it. There are breakfast rooms downstars. They serve full breakfast, and they staff were very quick and very helpful. The staff were always very helpful and really friendly. I will definitely stay in the Ridgemount Hotel again if I will ever visit London in the future. I really want to give them more than 5 stars, but TripAdvisor rating does not have more than that... I can definitely recommend the Ridgemount Hotel to anybody who would like to enjoy the location and great value for money.	
Feb 22 2009 	Highly Reccomended - great location great staff and great value!	Could not have been happier with the Ridgemont. From the great breakfast that got us going in the morning (with Tina our great server taking excellent care of us) to the advice on how to get around we loved the Ridgemont. The hotel is an older hotel, so if you are looking for posh, high levels of concierge service, all the modern amenities, then move on down the road.....and pay for it! Seriously, the Ridgemont gave us exactly what we wanted - safe, clean, great location, and modestly priced. It far exceeded our expecations with what we recieved.	
Feb 21 2009 	Best in its class	Keep your expectations low--rooms are tiny, walls are thin--and you will be quite happy here. Had a tiny single with shared shower. Room and bath were very clean. Service was helpful and friendly. Free tea/coffee and internet a nice touch. Breakfast not huge but made-to-order and served with a smile. Not a luxury hotel but great for the price and location.	
Feb 16 2009 	Another positive review for the Ridgemount	I recently spent one night at the Ridgemount Hotel and my experience has been surely a positive one.The Ridgemount is located in a quite convenient area very close to the British Museum and also close to at least 3 subway stops (one of which is the Piccadilly line, useful for transfers to/from Heathrow Airport). The neighborhood is also well served by several supermarkets.All the people working at the hotel were extremely friendly and kind with me, giving me advice and answering all the questions I had. I reserved a single room with shared bathroom: the room was small but functional, it was very clean and comfortably warm. It had a closet, a small table with chair, a single bed and a sink. There was also a tv and plenty of lamps (I especially appreciated to have a lamp I could use to read in bed). Being l a typical old English house, it’s easy to hear the noise coming from the staircase and the other rooms, but during my stay, all guests were quite considerate and there were no loud voices or tvs. Shared bathroom were always clean and I never had to wait to use one.The price for the room includes English breakfast as well (egg, bacon, tomato, cereals, plus coffee and juice), which was ok and a good start of the day.The hotel has a common room with free internet access and free coffee/tea facilities.I’m quite satisfied with my stay at the Ridgemount and I would certainly stay there again.	
Feb 9 2009 	Perfect hospitality	the location was good.the building was not new but well cleaned.the breakfasts were not very good to be honest though....above all,all the staffs were amazingly NICE !!they have lots of information about London,and were always trying to help as much as possible.thanks for those hospitality,Im sure that everybody can enjoy one's stay here.thank you very much.	
Feb 2 2009 	What to expect	Me and my boyfriend stayed here for two nights in early December 2008. Being on a tight budget, this hotel seemed likea bargain in central London.Going back to London now in February, I find myselfresearching 4- and 5-star accomodation, but for everyhotel I research, I find myself thinking of Ridgemount,and how very nice it actually was.I mean, beware, the building is old and creaky,it is kept very clean, but the carpets and blanketsare old, and there's dust in the corners.I'm terribly, TERRIBLY picky, but somehow I felt verycomfortable here.I think this is much thanks to the people who work in thishotel, bringing such warmth and good atmosphere with them.We didn't interact much with the staff, but the little contactwe had, was utterly charming and warm - there was a genuineNICENESS about everybody we met! We didn't mind the stairs (no elevators), we had a room facingthe street, but wasn't bothered by the street sounds, andall the other guests of this hotel must be really quiet and politepeople - never heard anybody else. Not even a tv.And this was the hotel at full occupancy.We had a room with shared facilities. Expect the showers tobe small. One day we ran out of hot water, but further downthe hall, there was another set of showers and toiletsworking even better!So there won't be any waiting, if you don't mind exploringthe halls!The toilets and showers are kept very clean.So if you don't want to spend all your money on a hotel inLondon, this would be the perfect place.You'll get value for your money, as long as you don't expectit to be the Four Seasons.It is basic, clean, some wear and tear will obviously show,just let it be expected, and you'll enjoy your stay!– We didn't try the breakfast, but I don't doubt it will bemore than ok.– There's free coffe+tea, drinks, free library + free internetin the lobby.– Oh, and the entrance had two locked doors. Felt quite safe!– And there is four tube stations nearby, about 10 minuteswalk to each.	
Feb 1 2009 	Very dissatisfied	My family and I stayed at the Ridgemount hotel in January 2009 for a week. Although the price was quite reasonable for a London hotel the quality suffered enormously. We stayed on the top floor of the hotel and there are issues I would like to report. 1. We were promised an en-suite room. However, the room did not have a shower and toilet as promised and my family and i had to share with other guests. 2. The shared shower on the top floor was clearly faulty and was either freezing cold or boiling hot so clearly unsafe. We was then told that we had to go downstairs to use the showers. 3. The noise levels in the room from the street outside were very high. 4. Being right at the top of the hotel caused a struggle to my family and i because of all the stairs and there is no lift.5. The breakfast in the morning is not a full english breakfast. They always missed something out. How can you have a full english breakfast without tomatoes?6. I asked many times for morning wake up call and it was never done.7. The beds on the room were old and too hard. 8. The most important thing that concerned me was that after many of these problems were reported the owners seemed unwilling to move us to another room and help sort out the issues we had. They were very rude and clearly against offering any sort of discount and seemed to take comfort by the fact that they had already taken my money. So in future I will take my custom elsewhere.	
Jan 30 2009 	Splendid stay at the Ridgemount	Spent 13 wonderful nights (20Dec08 - 02Jan09) at Ridgemount, run by the extremely friendly and caring Rees family and staff. Room was cosy, clean and towels were changed daily. Toilets were spotless. The PC and internet service in the living room was indeed very useful.Breakfast was good and staff were very helpful. Centrally located and easy accessibility to tube stations and bus stops. Plenty of good food in nearby Goodge street. Will definitely be back in Dec09 !!!Nadia &amp; family - Malaysia	
Jan 22 2009 	One of the Gems of Gower Street Bloomsbury	Gower Street is lined with B&amp;B hotels. We've stayed in at least six of them. Most are pretty good and are good values. But, the Ridgemount is clearly one of the gems of the lot, clearly one of the top two [along with the Arosfa.] The resident-owners, and the entire staff, go out of their way. They are most friendly. You can't go out without them saying: Do you know where you're going? Their knowledge of the transit system is amazing. Now this is not the Ritz. But, we had a triple room, with good space for the three of us and six suitcases. It had a sink, a closet, and a color TV. And a beautiful marble [non-working] fireplace. The toilets and showers, down the hall, were impeccable. The full English breakfast was excellent. They have free Internet access. All this, in a prime location three blocks from the British museum, for a great rate. Our triple was well under BPS100! Given the breathtaking rates at some London hotels, I can't imagine not staying at a B&amp;B Hotel. And this is one of London's very best. The one word of caution: try to get a room on the backside, overlooking the garden, away from noisy Gower Street.	
Jan 15 2009 	Great LITTLE hotel	I stayed in London for just two nights after a business trip to York. I traveled solo and so this place was perfect. The room was very small, but for the price it was perfect. The staff is so friendly and helpful. The living room has a pc and there is wireless internet available. Although you probably won't be able to get it in your room, I had to go downstairs in order to get a signal. I was on the top floor, there were many flights of steep stairs and there is no elevator so be prepared. The breakfast is in the basement and served by the owners, it was very good. I highly recommend this place if you are using it just to sleep in and don't plan on spending much time in your room.	
Jan 11 2009	An excellent experience.	I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel. The quality of service by &quot;all&quot; staff was beyond my expectations. Breakfast was lovely, with minor variations each day. Very clean throughout the building. I am looking forward to the time that I can return to London and stay at this comfortable hotel.	
Jan 3 2009 	The Royal Ridgemont experience	I am an advertising man and have written many advertisements for large chain hotels. Every hotel claims to have personal service, but too often they substitute more towels, hair dryers, ironing boards and ice buckets, while the service itself remains cool and detached. I doubt that any of them could match the warm personal treatment that my wife and I experienced during our week's stay at the Ridgemont. Nowhere was this more evident than at breakfast, where there was never a wait, even with a full dining room. It seemed that someone always anticipated our every need and responded quickly, courteously and warmly. And every morning the food was always varied, tasty, plentiful and well-prepared. The staff were helpful in making us feel at home in a strange city, giving us tips on transportation, local sights, restaurants, museums, etc.  Our room was comfortable, clean and convenient. The hotel itself is located within a short walk of restaurants, shops and stores. Overall, we couldn't have found accommodations more to our liking than the Ridgemount, and we look forward to the next visit.	
Jan 2 2009 	this hotel is a gem!	First trip to London with my two 20ish daughters. Wasn't sure what to expect but left feeling I couldn't possibly have done better for accomodations. Clean, friendly and super convenient. The owners are so nice and helpful. We felt welcomed and at-home throughout our 8 night stay. The Rees family cares strongly about their hotel and it shows in how they treat their guests. This hotel is an absolute gem of a family owned and operated establishment. I wouldn't think of staying anywhere else. I wish the world was filled with people like this.	
Dec 22 2008 	London Welcome	Friendly, comfortable, helpful and walking distance to key London points of interest. (British Museum around the corner). The bathroom is small but well designed, the room small but comfortable bed. We had to leave early but breakfast was setup for us. I left our camera behind but our hosts, the Res were fine about posting it back (to Australia!). And the room (with breakfast) cost is very reasonable.	
Dec 18 2008	Good quality at a better price	I met a very kind crew there, the hotel is in an excellent position, good for family and a couple.Clean and well furnished bedrooms, shame that there is not the elevator!!! I loved the inside and outside english style!!!compliments!!!	
Dec 9 2008 	Another good value on Gower St.	Since the Gower St hotel I used in the spring had raised its prices, I stayed at the Ridgemount instead. The location is, of course, excellent - I took a bus from St. Pancras practically to the hotel's doorstep, and walked to Russell Sq. to take the tube to Heathrow. A number of places are within walking distance, and the bus and tube are handy for everywhere else.My room faced the rear, so was very quiet, with views of gardens, a street, and the top of the BT Tower. However, it was at the top of the house (59 steps), and heat could be a real problem in hot weather. I much appreciated the &quot;proper&quot; tiled bathroom, as other single rooms I've stayed in lately in London have had prefab plastic cubes. The sink was a reasonable size and the shower excellent. The bed was comfortable, and I was glad NOT to see a duvet, as I can't regulate the temperature with one.I also appreciated the free internet access, although I didn't try the free tea/coffee machine. I would rate the full English breakfast good rather than excellent. One egg, and I don't eat baked beans, but the sausage the second day was good.	
Dec 6 2008 	nice family-run hotel :)	A lovely family-run hotel - we stayed there for three nights during the Thanksgiving break. When we arrived, we were given a room that had recently been painted, and the paint smell was still strong. We requested another room, and although the hotel was basically full, the owner managed to give us a different room, which was much appreciated. The double room was small yet very clean and well maintained. When we contacted them, the en-suite rooms had already been taken, so we had to share the bath facilities, but it turned out to be just fine (very clean, available enough without any wait). There was a tiny amount of street noise as we were right on the bus route, yet the location and convenient bus/tube access was unbeatable. The English breakfast was wonderful :) The owner family was very kind and helpful. The staff was warm and friendly. We will definitely go back.	
Dec 6 2008 	Please stay here	We stayed at the Ridgemount for 4 nights and would gladly do so again! The price and location can't be beat and the Rees family is so incredibly nice. Our room was small and there was some street noise, but the double paned windows help. There is a lounge with free coffee and internet. The breakfast is fantastic. The hotel is kept impeccably clean. The Bristish Museum is within walking distance and the Goodge St. station (which we found to be closest) is only two blocks away. I cannot say enough about the Rees family and their hospitality, except thank you!!!	
Dec 4 2008 	great place for a longer stay in London	Just returned from 9 days at the Ridgemount. Our family has stayed here many times. Great place for a family of 4 (young adult children). Location is excellent for the Tube, and with buses just outside the door. Owner family extremely knowledgeable about London and surroundings and very helpful with questions, directions, etc. Price is great for a budget stay, especially for multiple rooms. While the beds could be more comfortable, the rooms are clean. As the &quot;hotel&quot; is a house, expect to hear your neighbors a bit. Breakfast is typical English-style and is served by most friendly staff.	
Dec 3 2008 	I Loved this Hotel	I picked this hotel because of its location and reviews. No disappointments here! The location was perfect, right down the street from the British Museum and near the Euston tube stop. I took the tube from Heathrow and hiked a mere two blocks.The rooms are small and the beds are narrow, but the place is spotlessly clean. The Rees family goes out of its way to be helpful with bus information, etc. The hotel could use another computer in the friendly guest living room, but the other guests were very considerate about limiting time on it so the waits were short. The breakfasts are very complete, I could skip lunch with a small snack. The waitresses in the breakfast room were so friendly and the food couldn't have been better. After a day I felt like I lived in the neighborhood and as a single female traveler felt comfortable walking around by myself at night. There is a grocery store and other shopping close by. If you want a friendly, homelike place, stay here.	
Dec 2 2008 	Good location	I booked this hotel because of its close proximity to the St Pancras Train Station. It is within walking distance and is a very nice hotel. The rooms are of adequate size and they are very clean. The beds are comfortable and the breakfasts are great. The owner bent over backwards to make sure our stay was a favorable one. He booked a taxi for us, advised us on bus/metro trips and made suggestions of what to see and do in London. The room we had was on the fourth level so many stairs to climb and no elevator, but otherwise our stay was superb!	
Dec 2 2008	Best Accommodation I have stayed in	As I review all aspects of the service, facilities, location and value of the Ridgemount Hotel, I have decided it is the best accommodation I have stayed in. The family who run this hotel offer great hospitality such as invaluable tourist advice, free internet access and will do clothes washing for guests (a fee for this service, but think of the time saved at a laundromat). A range of rooms offered, both ensuite and shared bathroom, and the value is excellent as a substantial English breakfast is included in the room rate. There is also a large lounge room, ideal for relaxation, and free tea and coffee are offered. The location of the Hotel is superb, walking distance to the Theatre District and many tourist attractions. Further there are five underground stations within walking distance and regular buses close by. During my stay I spoke to many guests who were on return visits. Congratulations both to the family who run this excellent hotel, and also to all the staff who do such excellent work. Highly recommended.	
Dec 1 2008 	Loved the place but not the bedroom	We stayed 4 nights mid November and found it and the staff just as described on Tripadviser....very good.The bedroom was smaller than expected, ensuite very good but pillows like sandbags ! I put the chair on top of the hanging space to increase the floor area to make moving between suitcases easier. The Rees family go out of their way to be helpful with everything , including helping with our luggage up the stairs.The breakfast is simple but most adequate.	
Nov 30 2008 	I love this Hotel	It was first time to visit this hotel.I decided to choose this hotel by TripAdvisors reviews,and it was all right!Breakfast are very nice every morning,especially hospitality was so great andvery comfortable for me.It was very warm house in London.There is PC in the lounge. Besides, when nobody is using, it is possible to use it freely. I checked E-mail , search the information on the theater, and did the check-in of the flight.I would like to stay at the Ridgemont Hotel againwhen I go to London on the next time.	
Nov 19 2008 	not bad for the money	This isnt a bad hotel for the money ,it just depends on how much comfort you want,for how much you are prepared to pay.The worst thing is the beds are very small!!,and the decor is very dated.That said the staff are more than welcoming ,and the hotell is kept very clean,it just needs dragged out of the 70s.If its a budget hotel you want centrally located ,this could be it.If your after a bit more ,i suggest you look a little farther afield	
Nov 7 2008 	We are repeat customers and love it	We have stayed at the Ridgemount Hotel in London for our last three visits to London. We find the rooms are comfortable, some are small but when in London you really only sleep in the room. My husband and I have stayed there for two visits and this October we took our daughters and enjoyed a large room. We have always requested a room on the garden side.  The location is fabulous as we enjoy the Fitzrovia area for shopping and meals. This hotel is near to the Goodge Street Underground and is within walking distance to Russell Square (with direct connections to Heathrow Airport). The breakfasts are substanial and delicious. You can get your laundry done for a very reasonable price, just hand in to the office in the morning and pick up in the afternoon.  We find Mr. and Mrs. Rees and their son Aled are absolutely fabulous hosts. They are able to answer any question a tourist may wish answered. It really feels like a &quot;home away from home&quot;. Also there is a free computer in the lobby so you can stay connected to home. The Rees' also let you leave your luggage in the lobby if you are catching a later flight. We highly recommend this family run, family friendly hotel.	
Nov 6 2008 	Warm and welcome	Lovely place in a good location. Warm,friendly and no problems. Have to change my booking for four times, but never any problems. God breakfast. had a trippleroom at the top of the house. 59 stairs up. Nice with tea and internet at the lobby.	
Nov 5 2008 	It was like being at home- The people there were friendly and helpful	My friends and me arrived during the night on 7th October 2008 and we were welcomed and given our bedrooms with some information about breakfast. We enjoyed our stay because of the friendly relationship we could immediately establish with the people of the hotel in general and with Mr R Rees in particular. He helped us when in need with good siggestions even after we left the hotel. It is a family run hotel and is neat and tidy. If you are used to live in a grand hotel, the Ridgemount isn't for you, but if you like feeling at home, that's the right place for you to go and stay. It is in Bloombury, where also Virginia Woolf lived, the British Museum is nearby. There is also a wonderful Indian restaurant where also the famous boxing king Mohamed Ali (Cassius Clay) went. There are busses to easily go everywhere and a Tube station as well. Do you need some more.....? Go to the Ridgemount and meet Mr Rees.	
Nov 4 2008	home away from home	We planned our stay at the Ridgemont for 3 nights. However after landing in London and finding this wonderful place to stay we changed our plans and spent the whole 8 days in London. The Reece family were so accomodating and managed to arrange it so that we could extend our stay and stay in the same room. We had a great time at this hotel. Wonderful breakfast, travel assistance, and hospitality. The hotel is in walking distance to most things on the tourists travel. We have recommended this as a place to stay verbally to all our friends, and have no problems recommending the Ridgemount on this review site.	
Nov 2 2008 	Good no-frills bargain hotel	The Ridgemount is very clean, friendly and a great location for a great price. The free internet access is also a bonus. It's true what others have said about the decor needing updating and hearing noise from the hallways and other rooms, but I barely noticed that at the time and only remembered it after reading other reviews just now. I would recommend the hotel as a bargain &quot;home base&quot; if you're planning on spending most of your day out and about. Another warning: bring a travel alarm clock. There were two mornings we requested a wake-up call and the first time it came 30 minutes late and the second time not at all.	
Nov 2 2008 	Lovely little Gem	Very quaint place to stay. On the advice of TA members I booked a 3 night stay here and enjoyed it very much. It is very close to the British Museum, is right on a bus route and close to tube stations. My room had it's own bathroom which was very clean and had lots of hot water. While the room was small, it was a perfect place to return to and get a good nights sleep. The owner's, their family and staff were extremely friendly, accomodating and nice. The morning breakfast was a nice touch and a good way to start the day. As a single traveler I felt very safe at the hotel and in the neighbourhood. I would definately stay again!	
Oct 31 2008 	Good location and value for money but needs updating	Stayed here for a half term break, some good and bad pointsIts location is excellent, a tube station and Tottenham Court Road are nearby. Good streets for restaurants and pubs. Easy walking distances to Oxford Street and Covent Garden. It is cheap for London, two people bed and breakfast for a £75 - a bargain. Room was really small, I know its London but our double room was tiny and difficult to move about in. It became incredibly hot after showering. The décor in our room needed updating. The bathroom was nice, with a good shower but the extractor fan made a constant noise which was annoying.Breakfasts – could not fault the service, very fast and efficient. However the choice was random and limited to three cooked items which changed daily. Tea and coffee was not nice. Lounge –great to have free internet access. It is really easy to use and no waiting. The furniture here was tired and needed replacing.Overall, if you looking for a cheap place to stay in London with no frills then this is the place for you. I cannot fault the price or location but found the furniture and décor old fashioned.	
Oct 28 2008 	Great value family run hotel	This property was recommended in the Lonely Planet and I can see why. Well located - tube around the corner and bus stop opposite. Excellent breakfast. Clean. Small rooms but this is London. Friendly, efficient and helpful reception.	
Oct 24 2008 	Ridgement is great service at a great price	I first stayed at the Ridgement Hotel 20 years ago and have stayed there regularly since. It has been owned by the same helpful family all the time and has never failed me - it has great service, is always spotless with no waiting if you opt for shared facilities, an excellent breakfast included in the price, warm, reasonable tariff (some rooms are very smal but other hotels in this fantastic location are more expensive). There are extras such as free tea and coffee, guest lounge with free internet, loads of help with finding your way around, guest phone etc. Although it fronts on to a busy bus street all rooms on that side are double glazed. I would highly recommend the Ridgement and wouldn't think of staying anywhere else.	
Oct 12 2008 	Take Heavy Duty Earplugs	My partner and myself have just returned from a two night stay at the Ridgemount Hotel. Having spent the previous five days in another hotel in Gower street (excellent hotel).We had viewed all the comments on Trip advisor, expecting this also to be a 'fantastic' hotel, but in contrast, this couldn't have been further from the truth! Although the place was clean, it was in need of a lick of paint and the decore was stuck in the 1950's, we half expected Margaret Rutherford to appear from one of the rooms during the stay!But the worst thing was the noise, not only from the traffic (which is to be expected, since we were street facing) but from other guests, running from room to room slamming doors half the night and from the squeaky floor boards upstairs, and a humming noise from the room next door.We left the hotel in haste totally shattered from the experience.	
Oct 8 2008 	If you just need a room	I stayed at the Ridgemount hotel in September for two night in a single room one night with a bathroom and the other night with shared bathroom. The shared bathroom was very clean and no waiting . Breakfast was very good, bacon and eggs made to order cereal . tea or coffee toast juice , the best breakfast of my trip. The rooms are very small a single room is about 3m by 1.5 m just enough room. Some rooms are located on the side of a main street and there can be alot of noise. But being up at seven and out all day touring , I had no problem sleeping. In the lounge area there is free internet and tea and coffee. The staff was very nice and accommondating . The tube is only two blocks away but if you like to walking there are alot of pubs around. If you just need clean a place to sleep and store your luggage I would recommend the Ridgemount hotel for the price.	
Oct 4 2008 	Great value great location great staff	Spent 3 nights at the Ridgemount in September, we booked a twin share with shared facilities at a cost of GBP 58 per night.This was tremendous value for money. The room was spacious, clean, comfortable, it had a hand basin and a nice view over the back garden.The shared bathrooms are on the landings between the floors which created a sense of privacy and I never had to wait. They were always clean and well stocked.We were made to feel very welcome when we checked in and I was even given assistance with my luggage up the stairs (nice welcome change after hotels in europe).Breakfast was great, cereals, eggs, bacon, sausages etc and served by very helpful staff.Lounge room on the ground floor was great, with internet computer, books, games, etc.Brilliant location, caught the underground direct from Heathrow (on Piccadilly line) to Russell Square station and then a 5 minute walk to hotel.Will most definitely use this hotel in future and have recommended it to my friends.	
Oct 4 2008 	Not for the faint hearted	We spent four days in Sept at the Ridgemount, based upon the good reviews on tripadvisor.On arrival we were accompanied to our room by a very polite young man who apologised for the size of the room, before we even opened the door. Small would be an understatement. We appreciate that accommodation in London is expensive so the going rate of 75 pounds was probably fair.Our real problem was that the room fronted on to Gower Street which is a major bus corridor in to London. A constant stream of double decker buses hiking past the hotel, made for a very unpleasant night's sleep. We requested a change of room to the back of the hotel, after the first night, but this was not possible. We left exhausted and would never go near there again.	
Sep 29 2008 	Excellent value for money	We have just come back from a 3 night stay at the Ridgemount Hotel and had an excllent time there. We had booked a double with shared facilities but on arrival our room was not ready and we were upgraded to an ensuite. Room 17 was on the ground floor and was facing towards the back garden. It was very quiet. For the next 2 nights we had room 11 on the third floor. Again it was much bigger than what we needed with 1 double bed and 2 single beds. We had to share facilities with other people on the same floor but we never had to wait. Breakfast was OK and service very efficient. Staff were friendly and gave lots of advises on what to see and where to eat. The hotel is well situated only a few minutes walk from 3 underground stations and Charlotte Street with lots of pubs and restaurants. It's only a few stations away from Soho, Covent garden and all the Westminster sites. Overall a very nice little hotel and we would definitly go back.	
Sep 28 2008 	Cheap clean and central	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Ridgemount on a one night stopover in London. We weren't planning on spending too much time at the hotel so the Ridgemount was exactly what we were after - cheap, clean and central. Our budget didn't stretch to an ensuite room but we found the shared facilities to be very clean and always free. The breakfast was good (standard cooked stuff was available, along with cereals) and the owners and staff were friendly. All in all a good choice for budget travellers looking for a bed for the night.	
Sep 25 2008 	This place felt like home and made our stay even better	When I go back to London, I will stay here everytime. We stayed for a total of seven nights. The owners and staff are extremely friendly and helpful. They were incredibly nice from the time we arrived till the time we left. The breakfast was great and had plenty of a selection, hot or cold, and would try to accomodate to your needs. The rooms were very nice. We had a room with two twin beds and an ensuite bathroom. The room was larger than I expected. The bathroom was very adequate for our needs. It has a shower, sink and toilet. The room and bathroom was very clean and cleaned everyday. We had a room facing the street and they had a oscillating fan that would help to soften the noise. We had a small TV, closet, drawers and a desk in our room. They have a common room where they have a book exchange, vending machine, free tea and coffee machine and a computer with fast internet access. They have Wifi as well which you can use on some of the floors. They have a beautiful garden in the back. The kitchen and dinning room is in the basement. We were lucky to be on the first floor. The first night we were in a larger room till our room was ready the next day at no extra charge. We were originally planned to be on the top floor but they moved us to the first floor when they saw my mother had a hard time taking the stairs. That was just one of the nicest things they did. Every morning the owner would ask where we were going that day and he told us how we could get to our first destination. We always got back late which was no problem to the staff and we were always greeted. I never did get a chance to check out the upstairs. The hotel is located on a bus route and several underground and bus stations are around within minutes(Googe, Euston, Tottenham Court). I loved the location. It is almost dead center of London. And there are plenty of places to eat and shop around the hotel. A cab ride to Victoria station ran me from 15 to 20 pounds by taxi so I would not have to lug my luggage around at the beginning and end of my trip too much.	
Sep 15 2008 	Quaint and very nice	The Ridgemount was most charming and comfortable. The staff was wonderful, and always very helpful and told us how to take the Piccadilly line to Heathrow airport.....very easy from Russell Square Tube Station, which was at most a 10 minute walk.The English breakfast was very good, and the lounge had a speedy internet computer. The Ridgemount was ideally located...easy to walk everywhere, and close to major tube stations. Definitely a find, and a lot of care given from the innkeepers.	
Sep 5 2008 	Best hotel I've stayed at in London!	This is by far the best deal in london for 50 Pounds, considering the rooms, location, breakfast, friendliness of staff, etc.! I will always stay at the Ridgemount Hotel. It's about two blocks from several pubs, a tube station (Goodge Street), Marks &amp; Spencer, and a ten minute walk to Picadilly, Leicester Square, Oxford Street, etc. We never took transportation except to cross the river! I could rave forever about this hotel, but it is definitely worth it for the price since London is so expensive. My only complaint was the paper-thin walls, but that's to be expected anywhere. Perfect location, and even has high-speed internet for use in the lobby!	
Aug 13 2008 	Friendly Clean and Convenient!	My friend and I stayed in the Ridgemount for 3 nights, and, although it is not a luxury hotel by any means, it was comfortable, clean, and very conveniently located to the Goodge St tube-station. The proprietors and desk-clerks were very warm and friendly, and very accomodating to late arrival and coming-and-going at all hours. Free internet access was provided from a PC station in the common living-room. We didn't sample the gratis English breakfast, but it sure smelled good! My only complaint is the heat in the uppermost, floor room we stayed in our 3rd night: it was nearly unbearable. This is not an air-conditioned hotel, and I believe that that's not a problem throughout most of the year. But, if you get lucky and stay in London during a sunny, hot spell, the 3rd floor rooms of the Ridgemount are 10-20 degrees (Farenheit) hotter than the ground-floor. Really hard to take. Sleep was impossible, even with the little window wide open. Some of the Belgian chocolate I'd brought over from Benelux turned to slag, even in a thermal bag. But, all told, a very, very pleasant experience. You simply can't beat the Ridgemount's price for a clean stay in London, and I'd definitely stay there again: I'd just specify a room on the lower floors.	
Aug 12 2008 	Great hotel but loud	We stayed at the Ridgemount for 5 nights in July. Almost everything was great- the room/bathroom was small, but had everything we needed, there were 2 mirrors (one in bathroom, one in room) which was helpful for 2 girls staying there, it was very easy to find, very easy to get to/from, great restaurants/grocery nearby, free internet available in lounge (best to use early morning or mid-day), there was a bookshelf in the lounge for leaving/taking books (travel guides as well which was nice, we left our when we were done). There is also a nice garden out back for guest to enjoy, and it would have been nice to read out there a couple afternoons, but we didn't know it was for guests until our last day. I wish someone had mentioned this to us when we checked in (When we checked in, Mrs. Rees showed us around briefly, but left garden out, probably just by mistake =(. Lastly, the breakfast was good, although not much variety, but good just the same (cereal, toast, egg every day, other items rotated). Our last day, we had to leave early, before breakfast, so they offered to leave out cereal and milk (in thermos) for us in the lounge. After having stayed a night, we noticed 3 seemingly small problems, that were only somewhat bothersome for us, and could potentially ruin a trip. First, it just so happened that it was very hot. Without any air, some people might not sleep. We did have a window we could open, but unfortunately, short of leaving out door open, it didn't really help becuase there was no cross breeze. Second, our room window opened on the front street (Gower), and it was rather loud. It kept us up at times, or woke us up at times. Third, there is no elevator to get from floor to floor. We didn't need one and were fine, but good for others to know ahead of time, just in case they need one. I would certainly stay again, as it is a good deal for central London, but I would definitely request a room on the back with a window on the garden.	
Aug 6 2008 	Cosy hotel at great price	Me and my boyfriend stayed at the Ridgemount for 8 nights in July. We chose the hotel because of the low price and the good reviews on here. And we definitly weren't disappointed! But first, let's get the negative things out of the way... You can hear every sound in the hotel and very loudly too. When the neighbour uses their bathroom, it sound like they're using yours. But I guess that's just the way it is in old English houses. Just like they have no elevators, and the rooms are kind off small, which could be a problem for some. It wasn't for us though, as it's to be expected. Apart from those minor things, we had a great time at the Ridgemount! Positives: Great location - it takes only aprox. 10 minutes to walk to New Oxford Street, there's a bus right across the street, and 3 metro stations nearby. Really nice staff - everybody was always in a good mood and very eager to help. Nice breakfast - English breakfast is what it is, but they make sure to change it a little bit from day to day, plus you can have cereal as well. Nice lounge with a lot of books and free available computer with internet. So overall, really good experience.	
Aug 3 2008 	A Good Place to Stay	We just returned from a 2 week stay in the UK and enjoyed our stay at the Ridgemount while in London. Location is excellent. The room was nothing fancy and a bit small but was clean. Breakfast was good but again nothing extraordinary. Basically this is a very good budget hotel with excellent value for London. I would definately stay again.	
Jul 27 2008 	Exceptional service	The hotel was recommended by a friend. All staff friendly. Rooms immaculate, if small. lst day of heatwave fans appeared. Daily breakfasts substantial and of good quality. During 3 week stay bathroom always clean, rooms serviced without intrusion. Questions as to travel plans answered very completely with maps often provided for busses. Given two sets of directions in one case (on separate sides of paper) to allow me to choose best seeming one. When I visited a place the owner didn't know about he asked detailed questions to help other guests. I will willingly go back.	
Jul 27 2008 	The Ridgemount is exceptional -- absolutely first-rate!	Our family of three stayed at the Ridgemount Hotel from 16th July to the 19th of July and cannot sing its praises highly enough.We booked our stay directly with Mr and Mrs Rees nearly six months prior to our visit, arranging for a quad room overlooking the garden. We found our room to be comfortable, clean, and much more spacious than we'd been expecting. The beds were just right and the bedding superb with lovely woolen blankets that provided exactly the right warmth for July -- neither too much nor too little.We slept so well, in fact, that we slept right through breakfast every morning of our stay. But the Ridgemount's coffee machine was ever-at-the ready in the hotel's comfortable lounge, so I was able to have a cup or two via the machine before heading off each day -- and I was extra-grateful for this availability.As has been noted by others, the Ridgemount is exceptionally well-located -- and we enjoyed this advantageous location daily.Bloomsbury is always lovely, but I think what impressed us most about the Ridgemount Hotel is how *quiet* it is! We could not believe that we were in central London, and slept with our garden facing window open each night of our stay, and other than the occasional ambulance, the only sound we heard was that of birds singing in the Rees's lovely garden every morning.To be awoken by bird song only -- in the middle of London -- is simply extraordinary!We will always stay at the Ridgemount whilst in London forever onward!	
Jul 25 2008 	We enjoyed it very much!	My boyfriend and I stayed at Ridgemount for 11 days in June 2008. I found the location very convenient - 4 tube stations close by, so you don't have to change lines this much - just pick the one you need. Oxford street (shopping area) and Regent park are also within 15 minutes of walking. The room was clean and large enough to accommodate two people : a double bed, two night-tables, an armchair, a tv, and a wardrobe. The bathroom wasn't very large, but not tiny either. Towels were changed every day. The tv had only a couple of channels, but we weren't there to watch tv, really.The staff was just great. Always trying to help and interested in our well-being. Huge thanks :-)The only thing that was a so-so was the breakfast. It was a combo of egg, bacon, sausage and beans every day. I personally don't eat large breakfast, so I just had cereal and orange juice at the hotel and picked up a cup of coffee in nearby Starbucks every day.The price is great, too. Our friends stayed in &quot;big&quot; hotels for the same price, and said that our hotel was better in every way.So, if you need a well-located, cheap and nice place to stay at in London - look no further!	
Jul 23 2008 	Lovely Choice	We stayed at the Ridgemount from 20 to 22 July 2008 in a triple ensuite room. We booked because of the reviews on TripAdvisor and weren't disappointed. The room looked out over Gower St and was very clean. The staff was very helpful and was able to recommend a restaurant for our last night in London. Breakfast was very good, filling and served with a smile. After we left, my daughter stayed on with her husband and they moved her luggage for her to a double room which was very helpful because she is expecting. The location is first rate with a great tube station just around the corner and many fine restaurants within walking distance. Our next trip to London will definitely be at the Ridgemount Hotel.	
Jul 15 2008	My Second Home!	The Ridgemount Hotel is an EXCELLENT place to stay on your next trip to London! Whether you are traveling with a group or flying solo, you will feel SO comfortable in this charming hotel that is situated in Central London. Everyone who works there is more than helpful, knowledgable, and interested in their guests. That's why I've been staying here throughout the past 8 years. I've even brought students here during spring break. The rooms are so clean that you can eat off the carpet, and the English breakfasts are certainly something to look forward to before you start your day. Plus, there's so much to do right around the Ridgemount (Waterstone's bookstore, Russell Square, universities, sundry shops, excellent restaurants, and especially the British Museum). You don't even have to leave the street to get a taste of London's offerings.	
Jul 10 2008 	Good value hotel with helpful owners.	We spent 4 nights at the Ridgemount from June 8 - 12. Arriving at Euston station, we were able to walk to the hotel in 15 minutes. Our room on the 2nd floor was, as expected, small - as was the double bed, but it was not overly cramped, and was very comfortable. The bathroom was quite a reasonable size (for London budget hotel!), that is, could turn around without falling over the toilet. There was even some shelving in the bathroom - unbelievable luxury! Everything was nice and clean. It was very hot in London during our stay, and there was no air conditioning, but with the provided fan and the windows open, it was fine. Our window overlooked the back garden, as we had asked for a room away from the busy main road. It was fairly quiet most of the time. There is a small lounge with a big screeen TV in it, as well as free internet access (which I found a bit temperamental), and a (free) coffee machine, which I gave a good workout every afternoon. Breakfast was very good with juice, good coffee, bacon, egg, tomato (or sausage or baked beans) &amp; endless toast &amp; marmalade. The breakfast staff were really lovely, and Mr Reece (the owner) cooked the brekkies himself. Mr &amp; Mrs Reece were very helpful every day with hints on where to go and how to get around - we even saw the Tower bridge open up at night thanks to our hosts tip. The hotel is just 5 minutes walk from Goodge St. underground, and there are lots of cafes &amp; restaurants near the station, as well as an M &amp; S food &amp; a Tesco food outlet. We walked to Oxford St. in 15 minutes several times too. We chose this hotel for its proximity to the British Museum - just a few minutes walk. We found it ideally situated, and had a great time here.	
Jul 9 2008 	Loved it - clean 	My sister and I stayed at the Ridgemount for three nights from June-July 2008. All the good reviews on this site are true!* We arrived a little early and were checked in before check-in time* Rooms and toilets/showers were sparkling clean and comfortable* The staff, particularly the proprietors Mr &amp; Mrs Rees, were unfailingly polite, friendly and helpful, sometimes going well beyond what you would expect from normal hotel staff* We looked forward to the full-service English breakfast every morning* Free Internet station in the lounge, along with TV, games, and books* Free coffee and tea from the coolest drink dispenser I have ever seen* Nearest tube station is only a 3-5 minute walk away. We also walked to the British Museum in about 7-10 minutes.I will definitely try to stay at the Ridgemount on my next trip to London, and I definitely recommend this place to others, particularly those on a budget.	
Jul 1 2008 	Great Place for the Price!	My husband and I stayed at the Ridgemount Hotel in late April 2008 for our (on-a-budget) anniversary trip. For the price, this place was fantastic. It certainly wasn't fancy, but it was clean, safe, in a great location and the service was fabulous. After major flight delays, we got there VERY late at night and they were kind enough to stay open for us. We had an in-suite room, so we did not have to share a restroom. The rooms were small, but not uncomfortably so. Breakfast was great and we enjoyed it every morning. The computer with Internet access was very handy. We never really figured out the coffee machine downstairs, but we were ok with that. For the three days we were in London we were able to walk or take the underground to every major sight we wanted to see, including to the airport. The hotel was very conveniently located in what seemed to be a safe neighborhood. We had trouble finding places to eat near the hotel (especially late at night), but we made it work. Overall, we highly recommend this hotel for anyone traveling on a budget. It was an excellent choice for the price and we would stay there again if we return to London.	
Jun 28 2008 	A great bargain!	I stayed here for 5 nights in June, and had a wonderful stay. We were coming from Paris on the Eurostar, and this hotel is very close to St. Pancras station, so the taxi fare was cheap. We arrived before check-in, but found our room was already available. The staff were wonderful, and it's a place where you can get to know the other people staying in the hotel. The lounge in the front has a computer (free internet!), a TV, and books and games. Full english breakfast (free!) every morning was also a great way to start the day. The owner always asked what our plans were at breakfast and offered us directions and tips to save money. We got a room with shared bathroom, which was no problem at all. We had a sink in the room, and there were several showers and toilets on each floor, always clean. Our room faced onto Gower street, but the traffic noise wasn't too bad (not as bad as the loud Spaniards staying in the room next to us). I would definitely consider staying here again if I return to london!	
Jun 17 2008 	NIce Location and staff!	My husband and I have stayed Ridgemount hotel for a week in early May. Hotel is just 5 minutes walk distance from tube station and 1 minutes to bus stop. Of course, we walked to Oxford street sometimes when it was nice day. British museum is near the hotel and we visit there in morning for avoiding tourists. We stayed a room on top floor and it was tough to bring our suitcase without lift. And was scared some steps might be unstable. Back lawn yard at this hotel is small but so pretty and flowering. I loved to seat on a bench there.	
Jun 12 2008	Close to Multi Tube stations	Stay at this hotel at the end of May 2008. Loved it. The owners and staff were very knowledgeable and accommodating. We got there before check in and they had no problem letting us drop off a bag so that we could start to exploring the city. The bed was comfortable and quiet.	
Jun 6 2008 	MAYJAH!	My friends and I stayed at the Ridgemount this May and it was totally awesome not only are the rooms accomodating and comfortable, but the location is golden, you are pretty much settled right in the middle of everything-sites and transportation! the food was amazing and last but not least the people are even better so hospitable, and knowledgeable..much thanks to Allan! Plus they have internet access and some fun games in the main common room that kept my friends and I really entertained!!..i know that when I ever go back to London there is no question...Im staying and the Ridgemount Hotel!	
May 23 2008 	Loved It	I have stayed at the Ridgemount Hotel on a couple of occasions and have found the service and the Bloomsbury location superb! I love that the Goodge St station is so close and accessible, also there are a number of museums, parks and shops within a few minutes walk. The family-run atmosphere is very comforting when staying so far from home. Everyone there was helpful with recommendations about the city and I love their morning breakfasts...such a great start to a day full of trekking and sight-seeing!	
May 21 2008 	Another great Trip Advisor find. Cheap Cheerful Friendly Convienient	Booked this for one nights stay in January 2008 based on the tripadvisor reviews and we weren't disappointed.The reviews were bang on, what a nice place and good location at a great price.We got off the tube and it was only a 5 minute walk to the hotel. On arrival the staff were very friendly and took us to our room. Granted, not very big and the decor was a little dated, but it was immaculately clean. The bathroom glistened.The breakfast as a nice &quot;full english&quot; and went down a treat. They allowed us to leave our bags in the loungue after we had checked out.Everytime you walked past reception they asked you where you were going and told you the best way to get there. Couldn't fault them.The hotel was only 10 mins stroll from the British Museum where we went to see the Terracotta Army (which was a slight disappointment).All in all, a great base to do some London sight seeing from.Anyway, another great Trip Advisor find. Cheap, Cheerful, Friendly, Convienient and Spotless.	
May 19 2008 	Loved the Ridgemount Hotel	We recently spent a week in London and found the Ridgemount Hotel to be an excellent choice. The location is convenient (about 2 blocks from the British Museum and an easy walk to two Underground stations and several bus lines. The room was pleasant, the staff very friendly and helpful, and the (included) English breakfast pleasant and tasty. About the only drawback (at least for old folks like us) would be the lack of an elevator. But we would certainly choose this hotel again on any future visit. There's even a computer with Internet available for the guests' use. A very nice place and an excellent value. We recommend it.	
May 7 2008	We would never stay anywhere else!	My husband and I love travelling to London and the Ridgemount is always where we stay. It is clean, comfortable; has a great breakfast, and an excellent location. However, the best aspect of the Ridgemount is the assistance we receive with our holiday plans - where to obtain football tickets, what delays there may be on the tube, local restaurants, etc. The Ridgemount really makes our travel to London easy and special.	
May 2 2008 	Clean Comfortable and Affordable	Based on info on TripAdvisor decided to book 2 rooms. Contacted the Hotel from the website and received prompt reply.Was impressed with the willingness to meet our needs. We stayed at the Ridgemount In March for three nights. Had 2 double rooms at rear of the building and we did not notice any noise. The rooms were small as expected but very clean and the beds were comfortable. The breakfasts were very good. The owners were very helpful. Location seemed to be good for getting to most of the sights we wanted to see. Would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 26 2008 	An enjoyable stay. Very friendly helpful hosts.	The Ridgmount offers great value given its location in what is an expensive city to stay in. This small hotel is well located with two subway stations within easy walking distance. We found it easy to travel to and from the many sights we wanted to visit in greater London. The owners/staff were very friendly and helpful. The rooms are small but that was expected. Queen size beds rather than small double beds would be helpful for taller people. Overall we were happy with our choice of The Ridgmount.	
Apr 19 2008	Very impressed with service even without staying yet	I called Ridgemount on 18 April to book for a Quad ensuite for Jul08, and was advised that there was no available room. But Eddie (hope I spelt the name correctly) mentioned that a quad with shared showroom facility is available. I was a little hesitant in confirming the room, when Eddie went the extra mile to advise me a couple of other hotel names nearby with similar facilities, and even gave me the contact details. I am very happy with the assistance provided, and am impressed with his sense of service. Will stay there if I have the opportunity to do so in future. Gim... from sunny island of Singapore	
Apr 14 2008 	Very clean good breakfast	Stayed at the Ridgemont for 2 nites during stay in London. Proprietors were helpful in our daily sightseeing. Across street from bus to Picadilly Circus and near 2 tube stops. Breakfast was in the basement and was good, cereal, eggs, sausage, ham (salty), juice, and good coffee. Room was quite clean but older with nice, tall ceilings, mattresses was fine, ensuite bathroom had a small standing shower with good water pressure, no amenities (as expected). TV did not work even when we told them. Payphone in facility, free use of computer &amp; internet with a library of info and books for lounging. Free coffee all day long via machine. With 5 people in the room, it was adequate, but limited surface area and closet space. I would recommend this to all.	
Mar 9 2008 	I love RIdgemount Hotel.	I've stayed here twice and I always recommend it to my friends who are planning to visit London. It's charming, adorable, friendly and the owners are divine. Safe neighborhood and a quick and simple walk to the Goodge Street station. I'm definitely in love with the Ridgemount Hotel.	
Mar 9 2008 	Amazing Value For Money	The Ridgemount Hotel is only a minutes walk from Goodge Street station, an excellent location for anyone visiting central London. From booking to checking out all of the staff were friendly and courteous which endeared the hotel with a warm homely feel. My room was on the top floor which contained a wash basin, small fitted wardrobe, terrestrial television and end-to-end single beds. All of the amenities were spotless, if a little dated. The shared facilities were adequate (hot water would take a few minutes when used first thing in the morning) and again clean. Having not seen any of the larger, more expensive rooms I could not comment on the suitability for couples; however, the Ridgemount Hotel would be perfect for single professionals with limited funds, and I would certainly stay again.	
Feb 28 2008	Fantastic Location Helpful staff Substantial Breakfast Affordable	We stayed at the Ridgemount Hotel in London from Christmas day until New Year's Eve. The hotel is run by a family and is more like a B&amp;B. Though modest, it has a substantial seated English breakfast, and is near a couple of Tube stops, etc. There is no elevator and the breakfast is in the basement. However, the staff is very helpful, there is free internet service in the lobby, the Ridgemount is very affordable, and the location makes for easy walking to the British Museum (Rosetta Stone, Elgin Marbles, etc.), the British Library (Gutenberg Bible, Magna Carta, Shakespeare, Beatles), the Theatre District, Kings Cross Train Station (where you can take a photo of Harry Potter's Platform 8 3/4), et al. Plus there is a Cafe Nero around the corner, which makes great coffee and sandwiches.This was our third trip to London with my family (husband, wife, two high school aged daughters). While we normally book our flight and hotel arrangements several months in advance, we found a great deal on a non-stop airfare and booked our plane tickets only one month prior to our arrival. This place was recommended to us by another hotel where we had stayed previously. While we have stayed at newer or more renovated establishments, this place worked for us given the circumstances. Thanks for the recommendation! Bottom Line: The Ridgemount has helpful staff, is in a fantastic location for walking or Tube access, offers a substantial English breakfast, and is very affordable.	
Feb 23 2008 	Just fine	My wife and I (both in our 70's) stayed here for five days while seeing the sights of London. We could describe it as more of a B&amp;B as it is a renovated home with many rooms. Its location is excellent, in a safe area near bus and subway lines. The rooms are older, but clean and neat. Beds are comfortable, bathrooms are shared in some rooms. Coffee and tea free in the lobby, and free internet also. Other hotels are nearby, all in a row as they were converted from homes also. Breakfasts are tasty and adequate. Staff is courteous and helpful especially the owners, Mr &amp; Mrs. Rees and their son. They gave us lots of good information on places to see and the best way to get there. Our room was quiet. Public telephone in the lobby, not in rooms. 6 English TV channels, no elevator. The cost is reasonable, we enjoyed our stay there, and would use them again.	
Feb 14 2008 	Fantastic Budget Hotel	We are a family of 4 (2 adults and 2 teenagers) and we spent 6 nights here in January and in summary it was great, very central, very clean, fabulous filling breakfasts (cooked breakfast included every day) and the owners and their staff were extremely welcoming and helpful.Yes, the rooms are small however we had enough room for the 4 of us in the family room. The family room is on the very top floor - loads of steps when carrying your bags, so if you are unable to climb and carry don't stay here. The beds are also small for tall people.We loved this hotel and will definitely stay here again, where else can a family of 4 stay for 96 pounds in London that is handy to the tube station, buses at your door, the theatre - showing &quot;We Will Rock You&quot; - a definite must to see, a pub around the corner that had cheap budget style meals.A place we will recommend to everyone.	
Feb 6 2008 	Great Value for Money	I met girlfriends in London for a long weekend. Looking to save some money to be used elsewhere, I came across this hotel.I paid 50 pound for the single en suite room located around the corner on the ground floor from the lobby. The room was tiny (expected for London), but came equipped with a closet, table, and small TV. The bathroom was of decent size. My only complaint about the room is the door is located adjacent to a door that leads downstairs to the breakfast. If you are looking to sleep in, this probably isn't the best room for you. However, I was at breakfast at 9am daily and it worked out fine for me. This hotel has free instant coffee/tea in their lobby and their breakfast was typical english and adequate. The staff working the reception were helpful when asked for food/drink recommendations as well.I would definitely stay here again. Clean, pleasant and in a great location at a hard to beat price.	
Jan 31 2008 	Disappointing	We had booked into a neighbouring hotel,but were transfered to this hotel due to overbooking.We were put into a large room in the cellar.There are no tea/cofee making facilities in the rooms,although this is provided free in the lounge.Our room was directly below the reception.Everytime somebody walked around upstairs,the floorboards creaked. The windows rattled all night,untill I wedged them with cardboard at 3 am.The dining room was next door to our bedroom,which meant you were woken by the staff chatting outside the bedroom very early.The staff where pleasant and the room was clean but very basic.The English cooked breakfast was poor.If you want a cheap hotel this will probably do for 1 night.I personaly would never go there again!	
Jan 28 2008	Wonderful stay	I stayed for 3 nights at the Ridgemount in a single en-suite room for only 50 pounds a night. The room was quite small but comfortable and very clean with a single bed, a small TV, a closet and a decent size bathroom. The owners were also very nice and quite willing to help with directions and places to visit. It's in a great location in Bloomsbury across the street from the University of London and the British Museum with several tube stops (Goodge St, Russell Square) with a 5-10 minute walk and several bus lines just 5 minutes away. An easy walk to Oxford St for some shopping too. I go to London once a year and will plan to stay here again. Note, there isn't a lift (elevator) so some rooms are several floors up and carrying a large suitcase can be tiresome. Overall a great stay.	
Jan 27 2008 	Fantastic Hotel in central London	Stayed here for only one night in january. Only reason of picking this particular hotel was because of the reviews on this site and alI can say is I wasn't dissapointed. Great value as well as I only got charged £54 for a twin room plus a full breakfast! And for a hotel with this sort of location is very hard to beat. Stayed in many hotels in london before including Radisson Mayfair and the service in this hotel was better!GOOD POINTS:-  -Great staff giving you a warm welcome from the moment you step in the door til you leave.-Comfortable lounge area serving free tea and coffee plus a soft drink machine which only charges 50p for a can of coke-Spotless, clean hotel.-LOCATION! 10 mins walk to covent garden, Bus service 1 block away and Tube service 2 blocks away. 15 min walk to Kings Cross/ St. Pancres Int Rail Stations or £4.50 for taxi.BAD POINTS:--(for me) Non-smoking hotel. For a smoker it means running outside which I didnt mind doing but prefer it to have a smoking room.And fo that one bad point only is the ONLY reason i will not be returning, but if you are a non-smoker or are a smoker and dont mind not smoking in your room and going outside then this is a great choice.	
Jan 22 2008	our ridgemount hotel experience	we recently stayed 3 nights (jan. 08) in this hotel,on arrival we were warmly welcomed.we were taken to our room and shown where everything else was.the staff were very helpful in giving directions also they were very pleasant.the rooms were small but adequate and spottlessly clean. there was a nice comfortable lounge with free tea and coffee and access to enternet. full english brekkie was a big bonus it meant we did'nt have to go looking for eats before we set off sightseeing.the hotel has a great location,ten minutes walk we were in oxford st. and plenty of tube stations within walking distance.	
Dec 28 2007 	Wonderful small hotel	I chose the Ridgemount after a lot or research, both here and on other web sites, and it was a very good choice. I do not have an unlimited budget when traveling, so I was thrilled to find a well-reviewed hotel, within my budget, and so centrally located. Getting there from Heathrow was an easy Tube ride to Russell Square station, and then a short walk. Goodge Street station is a bit closer, but would involve changing from the Picadilly line to the Northern line. I had room #2, a single en-suite, and it was perfect for my needs. The room was small, but not tiny, which I knew going in, having stayed in London several times in the past. I was only up a half flight of stairs, overlooking lovely gardens, still in bloom, in the back. My suitcases fit in the cupboard, so the room was not cluttered. The bathroom was fine, the shower had good pressure and plenty of hot water, but once in the shower, there was no room to bend. The bed was comfy, and the linens were changed daily.The daily breakfast was very good, consisting of an egg, bacon and a third item which rotated between sausage, baked beans, and grilled tomato. Serving staff was very friendly and very efficient. The owners were extremely nice and offered good advice when asked.The location couldn't be better. The British Museum was only a 5 minute walk, Covent Garden and the West End only a 10 minute walk, and several Tube lines very close by. All in all, this is an excellent budget hotel, and I will be staying there again.	
Dec 12 2007 	Great for Single Traveler	I decided to book this hotel as it was in a great location in Bloomsbury and the price was right. I had a single ensuite and my room was just up the first flight of stairs with a view of the garden.The room was very small, but I really didn't need it as I was too busy roaming around London. The room was clean and sufficient.However there were some things I didn't like about the hotel:-The small TV only received a few channels-The warm and cold tap for the sink were separate, meaning I couldn't get warm water-The toilet had difficulty flushing-Breakfast finished at 9amThis hotel is far from what you receive in North America, but by European standards was a good selection. I would recommend it to a budget single traveler.	
Dec 10 2007 	Location Vs what you get	The good – Location - you can’t beat the location of this hotel –we walked all over from here, plus handy to the tube and buses.Staff – very friendly and helpful, rooms were clean and tidied every day, plenty of hot water for the showers. Cooked breakfast was a plus for the price. Free internet was a bonus to.The bad – Very small rooms - we had a double and we’ve stayed in many hotels around the world and the room we had should have been classed as a single. The double bed was on wheels which allowed you to pull it out from the wall, the room was about 2.4m wide and just a bit longer than the bed.Noisy - we were at the front of the hotel on the 3rd level and needed to keep both windows closed to keep out the noise, this is OK in winter but would be quite uncomfortable in summer – try for a back room if you want quiet.No lift – not a big issue but could be if you have to drag your bags up 3 flights of narrow stairs.Even though it appears the bad points outweigh the good points I’d be tempted to stay again based purely on what you get for your money – I’d be surprised if you could beat it and get the standard you get.	
Dec 10 2007 	Nice clean place for those on a budget	I chose this hotel after reading the mostly good reviews. I wasn't disappointed. The staff were very helpful with travel advice. The room was clean but definitely not luxurious. I stayed in a room with a single (twin) bed on the top floor. Hauling the luggage up the stairs was not easy but I got it done. It was pretty hot on the top floor in August, but I asked for and got a small fan which cooled things down to a tolerable level. The bathrooms were mostly kept clean and there were several scattered about on various floors. I found the hot water in the shower to be erratic on the top floor but it was pretty reliable on the middle floor, so I used that for most of my stay. The breakfast was adequate though a little too much pork-laden for me. I used the tube from Heathrow to get to the hotel. Its located close to the tourist stuff, a stone's throw away from the British Museum and a short walk away from a wide variety of ethnic cuisine. If you like Pakistani food, walk over to the Drummond road area near the hospital tower. This hospital also offers a nice look at the city. Take the elevator to one of the higher floors and save yourself a ride on the over-hyped London Eye. Buy a tube ticket for the day and go hit the sights. In summary a great place for travelers on a budget who just want a clean place to sleep at night. I paid about 40 pounds ($80) /night.	
Dec 1 2007 	Great stay and great value!	I chose the Ridgemont after reading the reviews on Tripadvisor and I am glad I did! I stayed there for 5 nights in September and had a wonderful time. It only cost 50 pounds a night, which is a great value in London. The room was small, but I expected that. However the room was extremely clean and had just enough space for a single person. I was in the back of the hotel, which I chose because I read the street could be loud. Although, I was on the top floor with no lift, which was difficult with my bags, but I got used to it. I was able to walk to just about everywhere in London if I wanted, yet I was close to the tube as well. The free Internet access was great for checking my email, although there is only one computer. This was my first trip to London and I had a wonderful time. I will only stay there when I return!	
Nov 26 2007 	Top Location; Top Value for Money	Gower Street, heading south, becomes Bloomsbury Street, Endell Street, Bow Street, Wellington Street, Lancaster Place, and then Waterloo Bridge. An almost straight shot to the south bank, and right alongside theatre district. Meantime, back north, very near the British Museum. As I write, the Ridgemount is rated #62 in London, but most of those above it are hundreds of dollars per night, several over one thousand. So at fifty-seven to seventy pounds, $114 to $140 in round numbers, this is a treasure for those ultimately paying in US dollars (pounds at the desk, of course). Beyond value, the Ridgemount is family run and apparently owned by good employers: the entire staff is cheery and helpful, from breakfast to room cleaning. Make no mistake: this is a very basic hotel with small and stark rooms barely helped by the lounge with internet connection (wireless too) and the typical English breakfast. But for location and value, there is no comparison.	
Nov 26 2007 	Great stay	I stayed at the Ridgemount last week for 3 nights. I had a single room - #2 which was at the back of the building. The room was small, but I expected that. After all - I was only using the room to sleep and dress in. I had an en-suite room and the bathroom wasn't quite as small as expected, but it was still small. The shower had great water pressure and was steamy hot, which was perfect for getting the London chill out of you.The hotel is easy to find if you use the tube from LHR. It is also centrally located so I could walk almost everywhere. The staff was friendly and the room was cleaned every day with fresh towels. They offer free internet, but they do not have a printer so you can check-in for your flight and then pick up your boarding pass at the airport. The room price was excellent for central London - £50/night including a full breakfast. I actually never made breakfast on any day because i stayed out late every night.I plan on staying at the Ridgemount again next year.	
Nov 18 2007 	The best hotel in London on a budget!!!!!!	To mirror the sentiments of a previous reviewer, I almost don't want to give the Ridgemount a glowing review because I'm terrified it'll be booked the next time I'm in London.This hotel is all of the following:SpotlessWell managedFantastically locatedExtremely safe neighborhoodThe management is beyond compare, the location is to die for, the rooms are immaculately clean, and the food and service are beyond compare.Last trip we stayed in the Ramada Encore-West which was a very, very pleasant stay, nice decor, great price, friendly staff, and one block away from East Acton station, but it was 15-20 mins from Centeral London by tube and that could be wearing.For the same price, we scored an amazing hotel in the city. I couldn't ask for more and it is the ONLY place I will ever stay in London again - unless price suddenly becomes no object during my lifetime.The Rees Family are very friendly and helpful people and I wish them continued success.The only drawback I think Americans will have is that by most of our standards, the rooms are small. The one issue I think most people, American or otherwise, will have trouble with is that there is no elevator and there are three floors. We were on the third floor and I thought I'd die by the time I got my luggage upstairs.Breakfast every morning is excellent, there's free internet access, TV in room and lounge, free coffee and tea, soft drink machine (only 50p), restaurants all around, a pub around the corner, bus stops across the street and up and down the block, and three tube stations within two-four blocks walking distance. There's also a Boots and Sainsbury's just a few blocks away in case you need anything.They are wonderful people.I highly encourage you to stay here.	
Nov 3 2007 	Recommended budget hotel close to British Museum	0.25km from British Museum &amp; London Underground subway stops; i don't think you can get better value in a city as expensive as London; google hotel name for their website; the positive reviews this hotel receives are quite justifiedpros; good location; inexpensive, especially for London; i paid 39pounds including breakfast and tax for single; i reserved without attached bath but they upgraded me to room with attached bath at no extra cost. clean; owners were very prompt &amp; responsive to e mail inquiries before visit; genuinely want to run good establishment; helpful &amp; just not out to make fast buck; windows are double glazed so keep noise out; sit down breakfast with service at table with table cloth and real china and cutlery; computer with internet service in loungecons; no elevator/lift so ask for lower floor room or be prepared to climb steep stairs; rooms are small in size; no choice in breakfast though it was adequate [egg, beans, bacon, toast, tea/coffee]BUDGET TIPS FOR LONDON; inexpensive way to have meals is buy sandwiches [1.40pounds upwards], drinks, fruits, etc. from MARKS AND SPENCER FOOD ONLY stores at most major Underground stops, railway stations and airports; National Gallery self-service cafe at Trafalgar Square has all sandwiches half-price after 4pm. Cheapest way from Gatwick Airport to London is Southern Railway [8.9 pounds one way]; almost half the cost of Gatwick Express &amp; takes only 20 minutes more	
Nov 1 2007 	Great location	This hotel is in an excellent location and close to all major London attractions. Extremely good for families. We stayed there with 3 children and had 2 rooms between us. The rooms, although a little dated, were very clean and tidy. Only downside, our room did not have an en-suite which meant a treck down the hall way first thing in the morning, with the dining room opposite and next door! The staff were very helpful and friendly. Breakfast was adequate and service was good. Would recommend to other families looking for good value/on a budget.	
Oct 30 2007 	Best kept secret in London!	I almost don't want to give a glowing review but this hotel deserves a lot of praise for their clean rooms, friendly staff, and cental location. I have been to London many times and I believe I have now found my home away from home. Finding a clean and safe hotel can sometimes be a hit or miss affair but I believe this hotel fits the bill. Yes, all they had left was a single en suite on the 4th floor (no elevator) but it was in the back facing away from Gower Street which you may know is one of the busiest streets in London. It cuts right thru Bloomsbury. The breakfast (eggs, meat, cereal, juice, toast) is very filling and swiftly served; you never have to get up and serve yourself. There is a free computer (and coffee) in the lounge. My room #30 was small but spotlessly clean with plenty of shelving (no dresser) to lay out my stuff. The bathroom was a real bathroom, not a after thought and was cleaned every day. The location can't be beat; the British Museum, Goodge Street station and Russel Square station are a mere 5 minute walk away. There are loads of pubs, fast food, and cornor stores on Tottenham Court Road. The University of London is across the street where you will find small museums associated with the fields of study. Give yourself plenty of time to reserve a room as they are always filled.	
Oct 29 2007 	Great Reasonably Priced Hotel	I chose the Ridgemount Hotel for a couple of reasons. It was around the corner from the offices I was visiting, it was reasonably priced and it was close to Euston Station. I has also read the reviews on trip advisor and of all the hotels I looked at it got the most positive reviews.The staff were all very friendly. When I checked in the member of staff gave me a london map and asked where i would be visiting. She then told me the best ways to get to these places. Not knowing London at all this was very helpful. The staff serving breakfast were also very friendly. The food was delicious and the toast seemed to be never ending...the service was also very quick.The location seemed to be very central also. About a 5-10 min walk to the British Museum and close to the tube. Also from the British Museum you could jump on a bus tour of the city.My only reservation would be that the room I had was very small. I didn't really have anywhere to put my suitcase so it kept getting in the way. However, I was on my own anyway and I only stayed for 2 nights so it was adequate for me. Didn't spend much time in the room anyway. Also it was en-suite which I was glad about as I was on my own.I would definitely recommend this hotel. Great value for money, excellent central location and great service.	
Oct 28 2007 	Good value in good location	Ridgemount offers excellent value in a location that's pretty good for a museums and movies fan such as me. Free internet access in the lounge was useful too, but with the one PC not always available. A nice little walk from Euston too and I enjoyed (probably too much) the friendly pubs around Shaftesbury Avenue. Staff were friendly and room OK.	
Oct 14 2007 	Good Location	Just Return a week ago from London. Ridgemount Hotel is with excellent location, only 15mins walk from theater distric. It also very close to the tube station. Hotel staff is very helpful. The room is a bit small and I think it's a norm in London with mid range level.	
Oct 5 2007 	Good Location - Good Hotel	The Hotel is in a good location. Was a 15/20 minute walk to the Thames through the Theater District. Plenty of good restaurants/bars only 5-10 minutes away. Staff very friendly. We had a room on the 4th floor, but the guy at Reception helped to carry our luggage. The shared bathroom was just outside our door which was convenient. The room had plenty of space and included a sink/tv/fan. It overlooked a garden, so noise was not an issue. The full english breakfast is very good! Good value for location.	
Oct 3 2007 	Family-run neat clean charming first class location	Stayed three days at he Ridgemount.Wonderful experience! ROOM:Room at the top, 3rd floor??, number 29, en-suite, rear window, therefore sleep was ok, not very much noise, size appeared quite tiny, I would say approx. 1,90 mtrs to 3,00 mtrs...Plus bath room,... the magic thing is: This small room was wonderful!! How did they do it?? Charming, neat, clean and utmost practical, some would call it „minimalism“, but I call it practical and smart.Room was unstuffy, light and airy. Large shelf on the wall to place all stuff on it (bags, tour guides, maps,..) , large mirror, hair dryer, nice red velvet chair, small open (no doors) cupboard (but enough space to put your things in it), a special space for your luggage, and a bathROOM with a door, not just an installed unit. No desk, but I personally did not miss it. I do not want to write my memoires in a hotel room and as to the postcards, I personally write them in cafes. Phone with two buttons...I did not use it...perhaps to connect with reception? Only downsides for me were a) not enough clothes-hanger in the cupboard, only three, (I am convinced staff would have helped me out immediately if I had brought up the subject) and b) the bed, that kind of moved a little, as there were wheels under it. Checked the shared-facilites: I saw two wc` s (with rear windows) and two showers (no windows), all four rooms with separate doors. Looked excellent and impeccable to me.BREAKFAST:Breakfast downstairs, typical London breakfast room. What was not typical, was: White linen on the table, cheerfull staff welcoming you with a “good morning” at your table, asking you if you would like cereals and brought it to your table, as well as tea/coffee, than as second course they asked/offered English breakfast (eggs, bacon...) and brought it to your table, too. Toast and orange marmelade were given to you, too. No help-yourself service. A glass of orange juice was placed on your table in the moment of “good morning”, as a sort of welcome drink, I think. Very nice start of the day.Owner (??) was seen sometimes times in breakfast area. For a couple of minutes he obviously left his reception seat and came down to help a little and support the busy service-staff. I liked that! PRICE: 50 pound per night for a single en-suite, incl. all taxes and breakfast. Unbeatable!!!! ADD-ONs Lobby with free internet access. You get two keys: Front door and room door, so ONLY guest and staff have access to the house. Makes you feel extra safe. LOCATION:Busy area, 4 Minutes to tube (googde street), bus directly in front of hotel, 10-15 minutes walk to West End /Soho/Covent Garden.STAFF: FRIENDLY and always there if you needed something. Family-run outstanding charm.	
Sep 10 2007	Thank you all ath Ridgemount Hotel	I have stayed at the Ridgemount Hotel several times the lats 2 years while going for a treatment for cancer from a Chinese doctor in London. It is always like coming home to my own family when I arrive at the hotel. All the staff is very friendly and willing to help in any way. I love them all and my next stay is this month from 20th to 23rd. Since I came there the first time I have never thought of staying at another hotel. Thank you, all my friends at the Ridgemount Hotel. I have not strong enough words to describe my gratitude for your kindness and friendship these last 2 years. I will tell the people in China about your hotel when I start living there next year and if I travel from China to London I will stay with you. Thank you ever so much. Hulda Bjornsdottir, Iceland	
Sep 4 2007 	a very pleasant stay	Very clean hotel. The location is great, you can walk to many destinations and there is also a tube station very near (goodge street). Breakfast is excellent and abundant. Within reasonable walking distance you can reach the centre of London nightlife with its theatre and restaurants (Soho, Covent Garden, Leicester Square). We stayed for four nights in an ensuite triple and the price was 87 pounds (great value for money considering prices in London).The staff is helpful and kind, the owner gave us precious advice to visit London. We will certainly come back.	
Aug 28 2007 	Excellent location and good value for money	Stayed at the Ridgemount for 10 nights in June. The hotel is an excellent choice if you don't want to spend a fortune on accommodation, the location is perfect, the hotel is within walking distance of most things in central London. The staff were very helpfull and the room was nice and clean. Will definitely stay there on my next visit to London.	
Aug 24 2007 	Loved the Ridgemount!	We came to London to see the British Museum mostly, and this hotel is only 3 short blocks from the backdoor to the museum. We also enjoyed walking a bit further to Oxford Street for fun shopping, and then even a little further to Trafalger Square to enjoy the British Gallery and children climbing on the grand lions below Admiral Nelson's column. We had asked for a quiet room in back, and we slept quite well. The manager and his wife were wonderfully helpful whenever we needed directions to the Tower and other attractions. A major subway (Metro) stop is only 3 minutes to the west. The breakfast was excellent! I will stay here on future visits.	
Aug 14 2007 	Good Budget Hotel in Good Location	Not the Ritz, but a nice, clean, friendly hotel in a convenient location for touring London. Request a rear room, but do not avoid the hotel if it's not available. We had a street-facing room that has a lot a traffic on the hottest day of the summer. It was necessary to close the windows which sealed out most of the noise, and with the fan provided in the room, it was comfortable. The hotel is located on a street with other hotels, and is close to a number of tube stations and bus routes. It is a stone's throw from the British Museum. Breakfast is nothing special, but adequate. BTW 81 pounds for 2 adults and a child.	
Aug 14 2007	Great value excellent location	The good: Affordable inn in a very convenient location. We had an ensuite room with breakfast included daily. The breakfast gets repetitive but it is warm meal and good way to start the day. Service is definitely good. The room and bathroom are very clean. It's Grower St. and on major bus lines to pretty much everywhere (Covent Garden, theaters, Piccadilly, Trafalgar Square, etc.)! You can walk to the British Museum (there's a really good Thai place across the street from the musem). There's a Tesco around the corner (off Tottenham Court) from the hotel where we stocked up with drinks, sandwiches, and snacks. The not so good: It is on a major street. We had a room facing the street and despite the double windows, it can get loud. I had ear plugs for that. The room is very small - don't expect 5-start comfort but this is a comfortable place if all you're looking for is a place to sleep. Overall, I would recommend this place. It's convenient and affordable. The staff is very nice!	
Aug 13 2007 	A wonderful small hotel in a great location	We have stayed at the Ridgemount Hotel four different times and have always enjoyed the hospitality and friendliness of the proprietors (the Rees family) and their staff. The rooms are small but clean and we have experienced no problems with using shared bath facilities. The full English breakfasts are substantial and tasty and a great way to prepare for a day of walking and sight-seeing. The hotel is conveniently located to subway (a 5-minute walk) and bus stops; we have also enjoyed walking all over London from this location. The British Museum is a short walk, and book lovers will enjoy the large Waterstone's across the street from the hotel. The Rees's go out of their way to provide helpful information of interest to tourists (attractions, transportation schedules and routes, phone cards, banking, etc.). We think the Ridgemount is an excellent value for the money and look forward to staying at the hotel again on future trips to London.	
Aug 1 2007 	Budget small clean room~	I was on my first round the world trip in May/June 06 - 6 countries, 10 cities, 9 hotels throughout Asia, Europe and America. I was not backpacking, but still on a budget.London was my third stop. It was my first visit and I absolutely loved it! The fashion, shopping, theatres, history, buildings and everything, so much to see and so little time, it is such a good place to visit. The Ridgemount Hotel is located on Gower Street where there are many other hotels near by. It is about 10 mins walk to Tottenham Court Road station (one of the main stations), 5 mins walk to Goodge Street station, as well as few bus stops around. It is also easy to walk to the main streets – Oxford Street (shops) &amp; Charing Cross Road. Soho, Chinatown, Leicester Square (theatres &amp; cinemas), Covent Garden and Piccadilly Circus (the place you can always see in the movies that show those big billboards) are also walking distance. Tip: buy travel pass zone 1 – 2 unlimited usages for buses and trains; it will take you everywhere without worrying too much about excessive transport expenses. The hotel is managed by a husband/wife. They were very friendly and helpful. You felt like you were well looked after by your relatives. The staff were also nice. You don’t really see them around besides at the breakfast table, but they served you well.The room I got was very small, I am only 5’1, from the bed to the door took only 2 – 3 steps, 1 step to the bathroom, I had to put my luggage underneath the table so I would have a room to stand. I don’t know how other people coped with this room size, I wouldn’t say I liked it very much. Despite the size, the room was very clean. With a big window facing the garden, it was quite pleasant to get a nice view and natural sunlight. At night time, it was quiet and you could actually see foxes walking on the fence. I paid approximately 49 pounds for one night with delicious English breakfast included. The breakfast however, was the same everyday – cereal, milk, coffee, tea, juice, fruit, toasts, eggs, bacons, sausages, baked beans, tomatoes and etc. After the 3rd day in London, I found proper meals I actually ate. I found eating was difficult in London, there were not many options available besides fast food or food chain shops. I went to Chinatown, paid 5 pounds for a yukkie Chinese! If Chinese can’t provide nice Chinese food, I don’t know what else there is.The weather was horrible in London, it always rained. For example, 2 hours sunshine in the morning followed by pouring rain in the afternoon and then by heavy wind. Make sure you always have an umbrella in your bag or wear a water proof jacket. My jeans were always soaking wet and cold, it was not pleasant, nevertheless, experiencing London weather is a must-do, then you will always have something to talk about (lol).I think in terms of the price, location and the quality of hotel, it wasn’t too bad, I would recommend it if you were on a budget, otherwise, personally I would probably try a different hotel next time especially since there are plenty in London.	
Jun 16 2007 	Good budget hotel in great location	Just returned from a week at the Ridgemount Hotel. It was a great stay. The hotel is budget, but very clean and comfortable and in a superb location. Our double room overlooked the back garden and had an ensuite bathroom. The room was basic, but more than adequate and very clean, with daily service. The breakfast was great, the staff were very friendly, and Mr. Rhees was always available for suggestions regarding local restautants, cultural events, and sights of interest. This was also the first time in several visits that a London hotel claiming &quot;free interenet access&quot; actually provided it!	
Jun 15 2007 	A clean friendly family owned hotel at a great value	This hotel is a joy to stay in. It is not ornate but gives excellent service, clean beds, a great breakfast, and warm friendly helpful staff. They are in a great location near the British Museum in a safeneighborhood with lots of great shopping and places to eat. Internet and tea are free round the clock. Everything is close by.	
Jun 4 2007 	Ridgemount we will come back	We stayed for the second time for one week in this nice and clean hotel. The manager family is very very friendly. The english breakfast is great. The service maids kindly and help with everything you need. We will come back. Thanks to Mr. and Mrs Rees for suggestion about umbrellas every day. We all love you.	
May 26 2007 	Great stay for Family of 5	Our family of 5 (myself, husband and 3 children ages 8,9,11) spent 11 nights here. We reserved a room for 5 (1 double bed and 3 single beds) on the main floor. We still had enough floor space to walk around without difficulty and had our own bathroom. It is extremely difficult to find a good London budget hotel in a great location that can accommodate a family of 5 in one or adjoining rooms. The Rees family work very hard and were very kind and helpful to our family. They spent a good part of each morning helping their guests with directions and suggestions. The hotel has a common room with sofas, TV, free coffee and tea machine, and a desk-top computer for FREE internet use. Breakfast is included and was very good. The Ridgemount Hotel is one of the best values in London. We will definelty return. We loved our stay there.	
May 24 2007 	Not such a great experience	I've been to London a few times. We were looking for a decent room at a reasonable rate over the New Year holiday. We found the reviews of the Ridgemount to be very good so we made a reservation. The staff was nice but our room was awful. We were also under the impression that we would have a private bathroom, but this was not the case. Our bed was very uncomfortable and the room smelled old/musty. We found the hotel to be dirty as well. For the price it was not worth it. I would have rather not gone at all. I would not stay here again.	
Mar 28 2007	Enjoyed the hospitality	If you don't want to break the bank and you want a nice clean hotel in a great location with helpful staff and a great english breakfast, this is the place for you. My wife and I stayed for 3 nights in the middle of March '07. The older couple who run the place and their son (I think he's their son) were very nice and helped us with directions and other accomodations. The room is not large, but we had 2 beds and a clean bathroom in our room. For breakfast, you are served just like you're in a restaurant. The only thing I'd recommend is requesting a room away from the street because the traffic was a bit loud at times, but not too bad. Overall, we had a great stay and would stay here again.	
Feb 25 2007 	Great Location	We have stayed there for 3 nights. It's a great location within walking distance to the British museum and Soho. 3 underground stations within 10 min walk. Old, but very clean family run hotel. Good value for money even though the breakfast is little small. Out room was on the top floor with shared facilities. Facilites were clean all the time even though the hotel was completly full. Room was quite even though it was to the front with main street. Absolutely recommended if you are looking for budget accomodation.	
Feb 20 2007 	Excellent hotel!! 5 stars!!	We stayed 4 nights at the Ridgemount and were very pleased with our room, #17. This is a triple (or quad) room with 3 beds -- 2 twins and 1 double and en suite bathroom. It's on the ground floor (=1st floor to us Americans), is CLEAN, roomy (we even have a spare chair :-), and the shower has excellent water force (it doesn't dribble out). I can't emphasize how nice it is to have a clean floor/carpet that doesn't get your feet dirty when you walk on it. The bathroom is similarly clean tiled so I didn't feel the necessity to wear flip-flops (zori) like I have in some of the places I've stayed!Because it's in the back of the hotel, we hear very little (no) noise and this particular room doesn't have any rooms adjoining it so the only &quot;neighbor&quot; is the room above, and we didn't hear anything from there either. It's close to the lounge where the PC with free internet access is located (only 1 PC; we found that it was busy most of the late afternoon/early evening but I don't mind being up at midnight to write :-).The proprietors, Mr. &amp; Mrs. Rees, are very friendly; Mr. Rees was the cook during our visit (the usual cook was on holiday) and not only made an excellent breakfast (Canadian bacon, eggs cooked just right for my taste -- not runny and not hard -- and toast; some times tomato too; cold cereal for kids -- corn flakes, bran flakes, and Frosties = frosted flakes) but was very helpful in asking where we were going and giving excellent directions; the rest of the staff are similarly friendly and helpful.The location is fabulous; we were able to walk to our theatre, restaurants, British Museum, and 3 tube stations are nearby: Goodge Street (closest), Euston, and Russell Square. We got good use from our Oyster pass (pay-as-you-go half-price fares) but even better walking around to see the local attractions. We booked the room about 2 months in advance through email with them directly and got quick turnaround on their responses and they were very willing to accommodate my requests (ground or 1st floor and room at the back). The room's temperature can be controlled individually and we were comfortable without having to adjust the temps. A hairdryer is provided (but ours was a bit flaky, not turning on every time). The telly (TV) is a bit small (12&quot; screen wall mounted high), but that's the only negative.All in all, an outstanding value for our money and an incredibly pleasant stay. I absolutely endorse this hotel and will return on my next trip to London.	
Feb 15 2007 	A Gem!	The Ridgemount is a gem of a hotel that I wholeheartedly recommend. My three nights there were a great pleasure. The Alled family and their staff were warm, welcoming and ever helpful. The pride they have in their hotel is reflected in the outstanding polish and shine of every area of the building - and its scrupulous maintainance. The Rigemount's location and price can't be bettered. The cooked breakfast is generous and hearty. I am looking forward to my next visit.	
Jan 31 2007	Good cheap hotel run by a nice family from Wales	I have just come back from a couple weeks in the UK with my fiance. We spent the last 5 days staying at the Ridgemount hotel in central London and it was a really pleasant surprise. The room was clean, a bit small but not bad considering how inexpensive it was compared to other places we looked at. The bathroom wasn't overly large either, but it was spotless. The place is run by this sweet Welsh family and they were really nice to us and gave us good advice on things to do and perhaps more importatly things to avoid. The cooked breakfasts were also pretty good (and necessary - London is cold in winter if you are used to a NorCal climate). I am sure you could find other comparable places, but this place is good and the people there nice. We would definitely stay there again if we ever return to London.	
Jan 31 2007	Pleasantly surprised	When planning my trip to London I was a little wary of the range of reviews the hotel had received, ranging from cesspit to best hotel ever! However given the price and location I thought it was worth risking for at least one night. We ended up staying almost a week! I won't claim it's the best hotel I've ever stayed at (not even in the top 5) but it is definitely the best value I've ever encountered. The staff were exceptionally helpful, the rooms were fine (after all, it's only somewhere to sleep) and the breakfast was nice (Trad. English). What sold it to me in the first place was the location, and I wasn't disappointed. Much of central London is within walking distance and you really feel you are in the heart and soul of the city.If money is no object then I wouldn't stay here but, if like most of us, you are travelling on a budget then the Ridgemount is definitely a hotel I would recommend.	
Jan 27 2007 	Mostly Clean	This hotel is nothing more that OK. For the price it's not like we were expecting it to be fancy so we were not surprised when we got there and realized that it wasn't. We had a room with the bathroom en suite. The bathroom was spotless and roomy enough to shower in comfort.The room was also spacious enough for comfort and despite the old carpets at first glance appeared to be clean. The sheets were clean but when I checked the comforter was filthy...filled with hair and goodness knows what else from previous guests! In fact it was so dirty that I refused to to sllep with it on the bed resulting in a pretty cold night for London in the winter! The matress was like sleeping on a box of rocks and my back truly ached me for the next few days. The breakfast left a lot to be desired. The location was great for a budget hotel. Just a 10 minute walk from Covent Garden and the start of the high action areas. The houston street tube station is just a 4 minute walk which was also nice. But I will never stay there again! We are never looking for fancy just a clean place and a good night sleep when we get back to the room. The Ridgmount was spotless in some senses and flithy in others and there was not one good night of sleep to be had there! If you are brave enough to try it then make sure to ask for a room with the bathroom &quot;en suite&quot; otherwise you will be sharing with others in the hall.	
Jan 17 2007 	Great budget hotel	We recently stayed in the Ridgemount and had awonderful time. My wife has never been to Londonbefore and the location of the hotel meant that wewere able to see all that we wanted to in the shorttime we were in London. The hotel also offersdiscounts for a lot of the attractions and this savedus quite a bit of money.The rooms were clean and very comfortable. The staffwere kind and always available to answer all ourquestions.The breakfast was so filling that we were able to skiplunch and have an early supper.We had a great experience. My wife's parents arecoming to London in the next few months and I havealready told them to stay there and I would happilyrecommend this hotel. We will be back for sure.	
Jan 14 2007 	Excellent Value	My wife Daughter and I spent New Year at the Hotel. It was very clean and comfortable and the breakfast was good. The hotel is very convenient for all places to go in LondonThe owners were very nice and extremely helpful. Will certainly book here next time I come to stay in London	
Jan 13 2007 	Not too bad	Location is very good. Walking distance from British Museum, Covent Garden and Soho. Also convenient for shopping, as Oxford street is just few blocks away. Rooms are small (what can you expect for this price in the centre of Lonfon), TV, hairdryer. No free shampoo, so take your own.Disadvantages: Really thin walls and floor/ceiling. You can hear someone heavily snoring in the next room or watching TV above you. If not that - I would have rated this hotel above average.Important note - they have pickup/transfer service from airports at bargain price - go for it.Will I stay there again? I am not sure.	
Jan 11 2007	Nerdy Northerner	I recently stayed there whilst on business in central London. It is very central, very good value, very clean but it is not a hotel in my understanding of a hotel in that there isn't a bar. However, the ensuite bedroom, whilst small, was immaculate, the breakfasts hot, tasty and generous and the staff very helpful in every way. The cook, whom I assumed to be the husband in this family run hotel, was very helpful and checked each morning at breakfast that we knew where we were going and he had absolutely fabulous knowledge of the public transport network. Unfortunately, there isn't a lift but stairs.There is a lounge, where you may unfortunately smoke, that has a computer with Interet access, a soft drinks machine and free tea/coffee. There doesn't appear to be a curfew as you have your own front door key, yet it is perfectly quiet and respectable. You are approximately 5 mins walk to Goodge Street, Euston Square and Warren STreet tube stations.I will be back.	
Jan 5 2007	Fantastic Experience	I have just returned from a week at the ridgemount andI had a great time. The Ridgemount is perfectlylocated so that all the theatres are only a walk away.Also so many of the sights that my family wanted tosee were so close. The hotel is clean and the staffwere very helpful, always asking us if we knew wherewe were going. The rooms were not overly large but forthe price we were paying and for central London, itwas a bargain. The breafkfast really started the dayoff great. A full English, bacon, Eggs toast etc. If Iwas planning another trip to London. I woulddefinately stay here again.	
Oct 24 2006 	Great stay at The Ridgemount on Gower Street	If you wish to stay in the heart of London within walking distance of a huge numeber of attractions and close to transportation then the Ridgemount on Gower is perfect for the budget minded traveler. A great full English breakfast included (coffee, tea, hot chocolate, milk, juice, eggs, bacon, sausage, cereal, lots of toast, baked beans or fried tomatoes) and very clean rooms and bathrooms. Friendly staff, free internet in the lobby (one machine for all to share) a collection of board games and paperbacks, a free coffee or tea machine. Downside was that the rooms are small, and there is no fridge. Lots of options for dining all around you, but remember that if you are travelling with children that the pubs are not open to them for food in the evenings. Also remember that all the convient food express stores close early on Sunday. Almost impossible to find a carton of milk at that time in the area.During our stay we had both a family ensuite room and 2 separate rooms with a shared bath. I was really not sure about a shared bath, but we were without options. The very clean nature of the place took care of our concerns. There is no elevator so the 4th floor family ensuite was a bit of a climb with luggage. For London it was a bargain and a very pleasant place to stay. Walking distance to all kinds of University life, the British Museum, Piccadilly Circus, and Trafalgar Square. Remember, many of the large public Museums are free admission in England. We could have spent 4 days in the British Museum alone. The hop on hop off bus was a good buy for familiarzing yourself with the major attractions. The London transit pass was a worthwhile purchase. The London City pass for attractions was not as useful. It just wasn't possible to see enough attractions in a day to make it pay. We got tired! The hotel can book you into some attractions themselves or could direct you. Mind you, I have developed an appreciation for directions from Londoners, which tends to put all that we got from whomever gave them to us as a little obscure. Bring umbrellas! For our departure the hotel arranged a cab to Gatwick that was little more than the cost of the tube and train for 2 adults and 2 children and much more convienent. One of the Hotel staff when met in a local Tesco Express checkout gave us casual conversation about a couple of local buildings that was very interesting to our boys (WWII history) and completely off the radar of any of the tourist attraction maps or descriptions. These people really know the area. There are buses on the street and they stop for a traffic light near the hotel. This means that if you have a street side room there will be some noise, but I cannot say that it was too disturbing.Would definitely stay with them again. As one of our kids pointed out, where else can you stay that you can say that Charles Darwin lived across the street?	
Sep 29 2006	People at Ridgemount Hotel made the difference	We stayed at this hotel from 19 to 21 Sept (3 nights). I have to admit that I was a bit wary of staying in this hotel as I knew that it was rather old. Having stayed there, the hotel was old but had a charm to it. The room which we stayed in was freshly painted and clean. Mrs Rees (one of the owners) had generously given us a triple room for the price of a double room as we had requested a room on the ground/first floor. The room faced Gower Street, a busy street, and was quite noisy at night with the traffic wheezing by. So please request for a room facing the back if you are a light sleeper. However, the busy street made us feel safe walking back to the hotel at night. Only guests were given a key to the main door and there was a CCTV focussed on the main door with someone monitoring from the office at almost all times. Moreover, the people staying at the hotel were mainly couples, students and families and this hotel was located amidst a row of hotels. So we (2 female travellers) felt quite safe staying there. The hotel was centrally located - Goodge Street tube station is a few minutes' walk away and Leicester Square a few more minutes' walk. The shower took some getting used to as we were used to a detachable showerhead rather than one fixed to the wall. Breakfast was included in the room rate - it was English breakfast - simple but filling and the staff serving at the dining area were efficient and pleasant. Mr and Mrs Rees and their son as well as another staff manning the office were friendly and helpful. There were free tea/coffee making facilities and internet access in the lounge area.All in all, we would consider staying at this place again if we ever do come back to London.	
Sep 24 2006 	Excellent for this prize	There were some troubles. Little beds and Bathroom..But for 4 persons paying 92 pounds/day in London, it was very good. and cheap.It was cleen, nice place, good breakfest, free internet. Very well located - just a walk to British Museum. Staff, as everybody wrote - excellent. Helps You in everything.If You don't need Hilton (and don't have enough money ;-) ), it's very good alternative! I recommend it.	
Sep 23 2006 	Cheap but not worth it.	Yes, this hotel is quite affordable. But having spent three sleepless nights at the Ridgemount, I would recommend other holiday travelers go ahead and shell out another £50 for better lodgings where you might actually get a decent night's rest. After all, if you're spending several thousand dollars for your holiday, what's the sense of saving a few pounds to spend your days stumbling around London with every bone and muscle aching and your brain in a sleep-deprived haze?If you insist on ignoring this advice to save a few pennies by staying at the Ridgemount (note well, I did not write &quot;sleeping&quot; at the Ridgemount), do not--under any circumstances--allow yourself to be placed in a room that faces the street. For three nights, we were mercilessly tortured in Room 19, a ground floor en suite twin room with a window just a few feet from roaring traffic, traffic that hardly lets up until the hour or so just before dawn. (Our industrial-strenght earplugs were inadequate to dampen the noise. We would have asked to be moved, but the hotel was fully booked.)A night at the Ridgemount on the narrow, short, and extremely hard beds with mopeds zooming past (at what seems like) inches from your head approximates the experience of sleeping on a London sidewalk, except that one must acknowledge the Ridgemount was, to its credit, much cleaner than the sidewalk, scrupulously clean, in fact.Cleanliness and neighborhood location, though they do count for much, are the Ridgemount’s only unequivocally positive qualities. The facility itself lacks any suggestion of charm or grace, and the furnishings are uniformly old, cheap, worn, dowdy, crowded, uncomfortable--and very, very clean.As for the breakfast, it was, by American standards and more so by London standards, unimpressive: Frosted corn flake cereal (which I don't particularly care for), coffee, orange juice, one egg cooked sunny-side up, two slices of ham/bacon, white bread toast, rather good marmelade jam, and a lifeless vegetable. The only variation in the breakfast offering was the vegetable: half a grilled tomato the first day, canned beans the other days. The breakfast waitstaff, most of whom appeared to be eastern European immigrant girls in their late-teens and early twenties, were charmingly shy, prompt, quiet, and unobtrusive. Indeed, our brief interactions with these young ladies were by far the most endearing aspect of our Ridgemount experience.The hotel desk staff were--for the most part--civil and responsive to our few inquiries, and the young man working mornings at the desk gave us accurate and helpful information about bus routes. However, a different young man at the desk the evening of the last night of our stay could not conceal his irritation when, as I explained that we had an early flight to Rome the next day and would be pressed for time, I asked to settle our bill that night rather than waiting until the morning. He kept telling me I could do it in the morning. I kept explaining that we would be rushed in the morning, and would like to settle the bill now. He relented only when I stated flatly that I would pay the bill now and handed him my credit card. I almost forgot to mention that, in response to my initial email inquiry for a twin room en suite, I was quoted a rate of £52 per night. But after I sent my credit card information to finalize the booking, the email confirming my booking for the requested accommodations quoted a higher rate of £68 per night. Upon checking the information posted on the Ridgemont’s web site, I was able to see that the hotel had erred by initially quoting me the rate for a room without a bathroom, even though I had asked for a room with a private bath, so I did not complain about what seemed to be an honest mistake. However, at checkout I did not at all appreciate the surly hotel desk clerk's unsolicited and falsely hospitable offer to denominate the charge on my credit card in US dollars rather than British pounds. This sly trick, which inexperienced travelers fall for all the time, is known as &quot;dynamic currency conversion&quot; and creates a windfall profit for the merchant while substantially increasing the cost of the transaction for the customer, who will receive a highly unfavorable exchange rate from the merchant yet still pay whatever (and sometimes double) the &quot;foreign transaction fee&quot; that the credit card issuer normally adds to charges made in foreign countries. In my opinion, any hotel or merchant that presents the &quot;dynamic currency conversion&quot; option, without explaining its unfavorable consequences to the customer, does not care about the customer’s best interests.	
Sep 15 2006 	Great location and wonderful hospitality!	My family of four has stayed at the Ridgemount 8 times over the past 10 years. Our most recent stay was for 7 days in July of 2006. The proprietors, Mr. and Mrs. Rees and their staff are always extremely gracious and very willing to provide suggestions on where to visit and the best way to get there. The hotel is well maintained and immaculately clean. All rooms are comfortably furnished and have TVs. There is Internet access in the parlor along with coffee and tea. They serve a full English breakfast - including cereal, eggs, sausage, bacon, beans and really delicious toast!Close in proximity are the University of London, British Museum, Oxford St and Covent Garden. Tube stops are Goodge Street and Russell Square. It's our home way from home. We would not stay anywhere else in London! DI from Palo Alto, CA	
Sep 9 2006 	Perfectly pleasant lodging	This is a very pleasant place for low-budget London travelers. As other users have noted, the rooms themselves are only that, pleasant, but again, the linens and rooms are clean and well-tended. What elevates the Ridgemount above the average is the unremitting friendliness of the attention of everyone who works there. We visited in August, when London is absolutely teeming with tourists, and even then the proprietor, the night clerk, the ladies serving breakfast were all really NICE. If they could be helpful, they were! They never gave the impression that they were tired of hearing for the 4,000th time the same stupid question or that you were demanding more than you were entitled to--our hostess, after arranging our cab to the airport on our departure, stood on the stairs and waved us away.Our breakfast varied each day--there was always: a (narrow) choice of cereal, eggs, orange juice, tea or coffee, and all the toast, butter and margarine you liked. In addition, there was EITHER bacon, sausage, tomatoes, mushrooms or beans--not all every day.Which was fine--who the heck really needs all of that?The location is also fabulous--mere blocks from the British Museum, close to several city parks, near a couple of Tube stops. There are a number of useful shops, including both Boots and Marks &amp; Spencer, and restaurants within easy walking distance--we particularly enjoyed dinner at YO!Sushi. The neighbourhood (you're right across the street from the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts) feels very safe.The downside of all that convenience is the traffic--rooms at the front of the house will be quite noisy with the windows open. There have been additional windows installed to block the sound, and these are very effective, but then the room can get warm. I'd recommend earplugs for sleeping.As one (two, actually) of a number of converted Edwardian townhomes in the immediate area, the Ridgemount has charm and character, but it also has no elevator, and rather steep narrow stairs. The rooms have perfectly adequate space for guests and luggage--there's a nice sizeable 'cubbie' to stow your cases in, below the cupboard with extra linens--but little extra furniture, and having to do any actual work in a room might be tough. While the internet was free--hurrah!--while I was there, there was always a line to get on the computer, with the not surprising result that the keyboard is a little, um, tired.Still, for the cash-conscious casual vacationer who's not too unfit, I highly recommend the Ridgemount.	
Aug 30 2006 	In the heart of London at a very reasonable rate	I stayed at The Ridgemount four nights with my wife and our 14 yo daughter, I found it clean, extremely friendly, in excellent location and at a very reasonable rate. Surely, the best place I could have found for our first time in London!	
Aug 8 2006 	OK for London I guess	After reading rave reviews of this place on tripadvisor and in the lonely planet, I booked my 5 night stay here. What can I say, it was fine for London, but if this hotel had been in any other city in the world I would have demanded my money back. London hotelery is a sad state of affairs for the consumer who has to accept that 50 pounds a night is a &quot;good&quot; price for a double room not really even big enough to be a single room (my travelling partner and I had to take turns standing in the corner so the other one could get out the door), shared bathrooms, blistering heat (the walls were always hot to the touch and the 35 degree temps didnt help. the hotel provided a tiny tiny table fan to try and keep us cool) and a street so loud it made one feel as if one was sleeping right on the middle of a busy expressway. The only redeming qualities of this hotel were that it was quite well located in the city centre, the staff was extremely friendly - although mostly unwilling to fulfill out requests for a bigger fan and to change some of the terms of our stay, and there is free internet. So, again, apparently this is a good deal in London, but there's more to a good vacation than saving money. I'd go back to this hotel, but only in the spring or autumn (to avoid the heat) and in a rear facing room.	
Aug 5 2006 	Not bad not great	The Ridgemount is fine by British budget hotel standards. PROS: -The staff are very friendly and helpful, which says a lot.-The lounge offers free internet, which is great-The hotel is very cleanCONS:-Front rooms facing Gower Street are VERY noisy due to traffic, sirens wailing at all hours. If you are a light sleeper, this can be a nightmare. At the very least, bring earplugs. Better yet, get a room facing onto the back garden.-The single rooms are tiny-Water pressure is a trickle. Don't expect an invigorating morning shower.I'd stay there again, but only in a quieter back room.	
Aug 4 2006 	Good but don't believe the hype about the breakfast	This is a quaint old place and pretty well located. The staff is efficient and pleasant. Everything is fine, if modest. The breakfast is included and people here have said that it is very substantial. It's not. It's just breakfast. There is no fruit or kippers or buffet. You get your eggs and bacon or sausage, cereal and tea or coffee. That's it. It is not enough to last you past mid-day.	
Jul 19 2006 	Exactly what I needed	This comfortable, basic little lodging house was exactly what I was looking for when I began combing through the massive amount of information available online on hotels in London. I was on a budget, but I still have my standards for cleanliness, safety (no dodgy neighborhood - been there, done that), and comfort. I spent three nights at the Ridgemount Hotel (in two different rooms because of a booking conflict). Since I spent most of the day (and part of the night!) out and about, I really only used the room and shared bath for sleeping &amp; showering, respectively. Breakfast was everything others raved about - amazing toast (how do they DO that?), and enough cereal / eggs / sides to keep you full until lunch. Staff was friendly and helpful but not overly nosey...Don't book if you expect the Ritz - you're not going to get it for this price. What you will get is a good location near several tube stations, a decent bed (not Heavenly but okay), a solid breakfast, and an enjoyable budget stay in an expensive city.	
Jul 13 2006	Great Location and Helpful Owners	My husband, mother-in-law and I recently stayed at the Ridgemount from July 7-10. Overall, we found our room, food and location to be wonderful for our stay. At first glance, the hotel was clean and very welcoming. It is located on Gower Street, which was busy the Monday morning that we left. It had a sitting area with free tea and coffee, cold drinks for sale, and internet access. The room was a lot larger than other reviewers made it seem to be. We had a family room (one double and two twins) on the basement floor towards the back of the hotel. We did have to share a bathroom, but with only one other room. The room was spacious and we had plenty of room for our luggage and junk to still walk around. There was a small TV and a fan. The window opened to allow in some air. We had a sink in the room, which was nice since we didn't have an in-suite toilet. The nearby toilet was small (like all that we found), but had hot water and good pressure. The food was good. The breakfast area was near our room, so we just woke up and got dressed and went to eat. The food is served to you and the menu included a traditional English breakfast. The ham (bacon) was the best I had for our stay in England. The service was fast and the servicers kind.The location of the Ridgemount is great. There are two stations nearby-Goodge Street and Russel Square. A bus stop is just about a block away, too. Trifalgar Square was a good 15-20 minute walk. The British Museum is nearby, too. There are pubs and stores all around the hotel. We found the owners to be very informative of London. They had binders of information for whatever we asked. They give great directions and opinions about anything you want to do. We were able to buy tickets to a sight seeing tour for discount, so ask them about anything you want to do. They even called a taxi for us for our ride back to the airport. I think anyone staying at the Ridgemount will be happy with the price, room, food, location and the great service of the owners.	
Jul 12 2006	Visited it - I was wondering about these top rank reviews...	For this price - just OK but nothing more. Small but clean rooms very basic furnished, bacon with eggs and beans plus cornflakes for breakfast, free coffee/tea machine. That's all. Good located, very friendly staff. But for my next trip to London I will be finding another hotel (but who knows - may be I'll choose it again...)	
May 31 2006	Very happy at the Ridgemount	This was a great choice for a budget hotel for our visit to London. When my mom and I were planning this vacation, she wanted to stay in the Bloomsbury area and I wanted to check out Kensington, so we split our time between the two, and stayed at the Ridgemount for our Bloomsbury time. It was a great choice - clean, reasonalby priced, incuded a full English breakfast, en suite room (that means private bathroom), a TV lounge with free tea &amp; coffee, soda vending, and books to borrow, and a wonderfully helpful staff who really made our stay there pleasant. Internet access is available in the lounge for £1 for 20 minutes. No elevator however, so if steps are an issue, request a room on the ground floor. It's conveniently located to buses, the Underground, shops &amp; restaurants. The only down side to the hotel is that the rooms facing the street get some street noise from busy Gower Street. We were very happy there and would definitely stay there again should we return to London.	
May 28 2006	Great Value Good Location	I have now stayed here 4 times which shows how highly I rate this hotel. The location is excellent as it is so central. It's only about a 20 minute walk to Leicester Square. If you don't like walking there is an underground station a very short walk away.On my last visit to the hotel it was very hot but due to the noise from the road outside we couldn't leave the window open at night. However that is the only negative comment I could make about the hotel.For such a central location, the hotel provides amazing value for money. The rooms are clean even if the decor is slightly outdated. The breakfast is more than sufficent. Last but not least the owners are very friendly and helpful.	
May 22 2006	Great time at the Ridgemount	My husband and I stayed at The Ridgemount Hotel in May. It was a wonderful stay. The owners are very helpful in giving directions and the morning breakfast was huge and very good. One morning I overslept and got down to the dining room just at 9am. They still allowed me to have cold cereal, toast and coffee. The room was small, but very clean. The shower was very small and an above average size person would have a difficult time getting in, however, the water was always hot with good water pressure. The location was great. Close to New Oxford St. for shopping as well as the British Museum. We even walked to the West End to catch a show. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a good budget hotel with a great breakfast.	
Apr 22 2006	pleasant stay	good, central location with bus stop right in front of hotel and underground 3 Min walkvery friendly and helpful staffsmall room but very clean, has everything you need for a city trip:- good matress- working hairdrier- shower with constant hot water temperature- free coffee machine in the lounge- good breakfastGower street can be quite noisy, but noise was OK when we had the windows closed, maybe ask for a back room in summerour best deal yet in London, we will come back	
Apr 22 2006	Great Value Will Visit Again!!!	Very good location, great access to tubes and buses to easily take you around London. Located within Zone 1, central location.Very welcoming atmosphere, great hosts! Full breakfast every morning, very accomdating with any requests - directions, must-sees, etc.Great choice for families or other. Rooms cleaned daily.Stayed for 3 nights on vacation from US, will definitely visit again. No Complaints!	
Apr 20 2006	Top of the league budget hotel	This was my fifth trip to London and finally I can say that I found a really good budget hotel in this city!I stayed in 2 different rooms. One was bigger than the other one and on the ground floor while the other room was at the last floor that was smaller but had a bathroom that looked very new.I could write a very long review but there is no reason for that: Both rooms were very clean and so were the bathrooms , The double bed was very good.The staff was very polite and helpful and you really feel yourself welcommed  While staying at the Ridgemount I had the same feeling I had in 2005 in York where I stayed at a very charming B&amp;B where I was treated as a guest not as a foreigner that arrived to spoil the peace.   The breakfast was very good and it was nearly plain luxury compearing to what I was used to in my previous visits to other hotels in London.  This hotel has no lifts. My partner was helped with her suitcase and I suppose that if you book in advance you can ask for a room as close to the ground floor as possible  I took a couple of pictures that you are welcome to &quot;study&quot;.   It was a splendid idea to book this hotel and personally I'm glad it ranks quiet high in the TripAdvisor ranking.   Highly reccomended!	
Mar 31 2006	Clean good food close to everything	We were very happy with our stay! The room was small, but very clean. The bathroom was very clean, too, with good water pressure and LOTS of hot water (unlike the other place we stayed while in England). The breakfast was just what the other reviewers have said (my husband LOVED all that food every morning), and the folks that run the place had very good directions and suggestions for what to see and do in the area. They even helped us find a chemist still open on a Sunday night! The area it's in feels very safe and homey, and it's not far from shopping and the tube station. We'd definitely stay there again.	
Mar 21 2006	Nice serviceable choice	Took my college freshman daughter for a week in London (her first trip) on her spring break Mar 12-18. Ridgemount Hotel turned out to be a good choice. Tube station (Goodge Street) was a three minute walk. British Museum a similar distance down the street.The room was a pleasant surprise. Rather roomy by European standards, it was clean and well maintained. The bathroom was very adequate, and also spotless.The breakfast was a cut above my experience in London hotels. Cereal, juice, coffee or tea were just the starters. Each morning there was a full plate of English hot breakfast: eggs (cooked your way), toast, bacon (very lean and nice, not the fatty stuff I have seen before), and a rotating additional item, such as sausage, baked beans, or tomato. In a week's time, one can get tired of the fare, but that is true at home, too.The proprietors are very cordial and helpful, quick with advice on bus routes and ways to get to Oxford.While the street is a bit noisy (Gower Street is a parallel one-way with Tottenham Court Road), it was not a problem. Plans are in the works for central airconditioning, which should also reduce noise issues, especially in the summer.Give it a try.	
Dec 5 2005	damn stairs!	breakfast good. not sure about quality of bedsheets. got a bit of an itch.central enough to covent garden.dont go for top floor unless you are there for the marathon	
Nov 12 2005	Great location. Very helpful management	Location is perfect - we flew in via Stanstead and out of Gatwick and it was the perfect location for easy access to both trains. .. as well as a simple walk to many of the main attractions in cental London.Most helpful staff - they could not have done more to help.Good &quot;English&quot; breakfast. Rooms a bit small - but look what you pay and who travels to stay in a hotel room. Unfortunaltely no lift so take care not to have eavy bags and be on the top floor.	
Nov 5 2005	The Ridgemount. Hard to beat!	Just returned from The Ridgemount Hotel. It is the best value for money in London. Handy to the buses and tubes, very comfortable, filling cooked breakfast, wonderful helpful hosts (Mr &amp; Mrs Rees) and above all SPOTLESSLY CLEAN! The rooms maybe a bit dated but it gives the feeling of staying in someone's home and being an old building you really get the feel of London.	
Oct 24 2005	Excellent value!	I spent 3 nights over Labor Day weekend at the Ridgemount hotel and would definitely stay here again. My room, #2, was a single en suite at the top of the first stairwell, facing the back of the building. I didn’t have problems with noise except during the day, when I could hear the front door buzzer quite clearly. The room was really small – maybe 7’ x 7’ (the twin bed ran the width of the room) – but the high ceiling and the window taking up one wall were nice. The room contained a tall, narrow wardrobe, a chair and a built-in shelf that served as a desk and held the TV and small electric fan. The only real issue I had about the room was the shower in the bathroom which was maybe 2’ x 2’ with mediocre water pressure. It was very clean, though, which made it tolerable.The drinks machine and internet provided in the lounge were very convenient. I found the breakfast a bit tiresome by the third day, though. I had a choice of cereals, toast, coffee or tea, and then a plate of eggs, bacon, plus something else that changed daily (beans, sausage, and tomato for the mornings I was there). It’s quite tasty, but it was just a little heavy and boring for three mornings in a row. Location-wise, it was great – I like the Bloomsbury area. It was a very short walk (maybe 5 mins, if that?) to the British Museum, and slightly further to Oxford Street. In addition, there is a bus stop across the street from which you could access Oxford Street, Trafalgar Square, Leicester Square, Hyde Park, Victoria station and Kings Cross station – I never took the tube at all; I found the bus so convenient – at 3 pounds for an all-day pass, it saved me a bit of walking and got me where I needed to go and back. The most compelling reason to stay here, though, are the proprietors, Mr. and Mrs. Rees who were exceptionally helpful. They asked all the guests every morning what their plans were for the day and offered great advice on how to get places. My luggage was lost on the way over and Mrs. Rees kindly drew me a map to the nearest Marks &amp; Spencer’s. (Also good to know – they do offer a laundry service in case you need it.) They seemed genuinely interested in their guests’ welfare. You couldn’t ask for better hosts.For the price, you can hardly beat the value, location, or warmth of the Ridgemount.	
Oct 16 2005	Pleasant Stay	The Ridgemount has a lot of things going for it - good price, great location, friendly staff. Overall we had a good stay. The only negatives were the small room (taller than it was wide, by far) and the somewhat thin walls. But if you are looking for budget accomodations, these are very minor quibbles with an otherwise very pleasant place to stay. Recommended!	
Sep 29 2005	Great value	We stayed for five nights at the Ridgemount after MUCH review of this website. It was a great choice. Great value. We had an en-suite room. The room was small, but that is not what you are there for. The bathroom and room were very clean. The breakfast was a typical English breakfast and I am hooked on Frosties with English milk. The hotel is very walkable to most everything with plenty of tube options nearby. We would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 12 2005	Lovely	Immaculately clean, delicious breakfast, charming owners and staff. Some of the rooms are small, but that is to be expected considering the house was built (as a private home) over 250 years ago. The house backs on to a pretty garden and fronts on to Gower Street, which leads you straight to the British Museum. I honestly dont think that one can find a more friendly or Central hotel in London for the money.	
Jul 29 2005	Good Choice	I stood for one night in a Twin room at the Ridgemount. I can recommend this hotel, everything was OK. Staff was friendly and helpful, Location of the hotel is quite central, near to Soho, just 5 minutes walk to next subway station, room was very clean, size was also OK, bathroom was very clean and so small like in other london hotels in this price range, english breakfast was OK. Our room was on the streetside, which gave some noise in the evening even with the second window closed, but in the night it was OK. So for this price it is good choice.	
Jul 6 2005	Great place to stay		
Jul 5 2005	Size Isn't Everything		
Jun 25 2005	Small but nice		
Jun 16 2005	Really nice place to stay		
Mar 6 2005	Great value!		
Feb 9 2005	Ridgemount decent value for the money		
Jan 14 2005	Lovely experience		
Jan 1 2005	A little shabby but friendly 		
Aug 5 2004	Keep coming back for more!		
Jun 29 2004	Nice clean and close to the tube station		
Nov 16 2009 	Una comoda e pulita pensione a gestione familiare		
Oct 19 2009 	Veramente ottimo!		
Oct 8 2009 	excellent rapport qualité prix et super accueil		
Sep 18 2009 	Sitio estupendo y trato excelente.		
Aug 30 2009 	Pulitocentrale accogliente!		
Aug 23 2009 	Fenomenal ubicación - Habitación muy pequeña		
Aug 18 2009 	Nettes Hotel mit freundlichem Personal		
Jul 15 2009 	Altamente recomendable		
Jul 3 2009 	Consigliato		
Jun 24 2009 	Hotel Ridgemount...ci tornerei!		
Jun 23 2009 	il miglior rapporto qualità-prezzo-gentilezza		
May 30 2009 	Sehr gutes sauberes Hotel mit sehr nettem Personal!		
May 27 2009 	excellent hotel		
May 19 2009 	La posizione è il suo punto di forza		
Mar 29 2009 	Hôtel très agréable et bien placé avec un excellent accueil		
Mar 8 2009 	ottima scelta!		
Jan 3 2009 	fantastico ridgemount!		
Dec 27 2008 	endroit très agréable		
Nov 22 2008	excellent rapport qualité prix		
Nov 1 2008 	consigliabile per la cortesia e per l'ottimo rapporto qualità-prezzo!!!		
Aug 28 2008 	Perfecto. Tu segunda casa en Londres		
Jul 19 2008 	Hotel limpio con atención excelente		
May 5 2008 	Modesto pero estupendo		
Apr 1 2008 	la nostra seconda luna di miele :-)		
Dec 17 2007 	Suffisant pour un court séjour.		
Nov 9 2007	Bon rapport qualité/prix		
Oct 21 2007 	Das Ridgemount - einfach aber gut!		
Sep 7 2007 	Posizione e accoglienza Ok		
May 5 2007 	Excelente relación calidad - precio		
Apr 10 2007	Super rapport qualité-prix et accueil adorable!		
Aug 16 2006	Piccolo ma pulito ed accogliente...eccezionale per gli standard londinesi!!!!!		
