	Excellent base for London sightseeing	I have to say after reading some of the reviews of this hotel regarding location, I nearly cancelled our booking. I am so pleased I didn't. The hotel is clean, modern and a pleasure to stay in. The location is no problem whatsoever and the transport links are superb. The bus stop located right outside the hotel had a regular 24hr service which either dropped you at the nearby Kilburn tube station or at Oxford Street. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel and would definitely stay here again whilst visiting London.	
	Great hotel with decent pub attached!	We have a guilty pleasure of staying in hotels in London from time to time, even though we live in London. It's a great way of seeing more of the city and it's nice to be waited on every now and again!The Crown is a great place to stay. The prices are reasonable for London, the rooms are very clean and comfortable and the pub attached is great - it even had some good live music on when we were there. The food in the pub was very good - we didn't try the King Sitric as it looked a bit more expensive and seemed to have less atmosphere.Cricklewood is not a lovely part of town but has very good bus links into town and isn't far from Wembley. There is a capital connect (ex-Thameslink) station about 5 minutes walk away which has trains into St Pancras, Farringdon etc. It's very busy in the neighbourhood of the hotel (and the main streets are certainly safe to walk around) and there are dozens of shops, restaurants and fast food places. Having said this there wasn't any noise from outside the hotel at night.The only things I was less happy about was that there was some noise from the corridor from a group arriving late at night (not the hotel's fault) and the bed wasn't the biggest or most comfortable I've slept in. But these are minor criticisms and I'd certainly recommend the Crown Moran.	
Nov 14 2009 	Great Hotel Great Value.	I just Came back from London. I spent in Crown Moran 4 days and I have no complaints.The location was a bit far from my destination but I have chosen this hotel based on price and reviews, and I am glad I did. You can take the bus for two stations to reach the tube and then you can reach anywhere in London. It is very clean, Food is great and rates are excellent, Rooms are spacious, and many restaurants next to it for a change. Wether for business or leisure I would recommend this hotel.	
Nov 1 2009 	Great hotel with friendly staff and convenient location	I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights with my 2 daughters during half term - we had a triple room which was perfect for us - good size (had to ring reception for third glass and cup and saucer but no problem). It's located on a main road but noise wasn't a problem for us and even the view of the wall outside the window wasn't an issue as we were out most of the time. We ate dinner on the first night in the hotel restaurant and the food was very good standard. The bus stop is literally right ouside the hotel - use your tube ticket to hop on and off where you like - Kilburn nearest tube station just 3 stops on the bus - or stay on the 189 all the way into Oxford Street for shopping - 30 mins. Beakfast included - full irish breakfast both mornings - and a wide choice of continental food. Would definitely recommend for a short stay in london.	
Oct 30 2009 	Heaven in London	Wow, what a lovely place to stay in the big smoke. This hotel delivers on so many levels, Location, great, just outside the congestion charge, easy access into London, Tube station 10 min walk max, bus stop outside the door, take the No:16 busstraight to marble Arch. Hotel is beautiful, clean, modern. Rooms spacious decorated to a high standard. Staff, cannot do enough for you, I travelled with friends with 2 children and the staff were wonderful.the Hotel is surronded by a range of restaurants and bars to fill up up but you can always stay ion the hotel food is awesome. enjoy.	
Oct 28 2009 	One of best value hotels in London	Great modern room with very comfortable beds and nice well-equipped bathroom.Great BreakfastGreat Service.Some people have complained about location but on arriving at Euston we were checked into the hotel within half an hour. Try getting across the city in that time!! Bus stop right outside and easy connections into the whole of London.At £109 for a family room with Breakfast (1 child) in London at half term with a simming pool - it was an absolute bargain.	
Oct 23 2009 	Food is below par and the rooms are bland	Attended a family event here on a Saturday night, starting in the King Sitric Bar &amp; Grill, their Dining room. Meal was below average and out of the 35 people in my party - heard no good response regarding the meal. Anyway, the evening was moved to the pub and we were told there was enough time for one more drink. However, the extremely rude and unprofessional security told us to leave (we were waiting for our drinks to be served as we had table service) as it was closing time. I was shocked of the attitude and actions from the security. It seemed they were looking for a good old punch up. This attitude was toward not only the young but the grandparents. Even some of us were staying in the hotel. In conclusion, I've stayed in the hotel, ate in the King Sitric Bar &amp; Grill, and drank in the pub many times and every occasion is extremely disappointing. I'm always trying to give them benefit of the doubt. However, my Irish family like to go here as they believe it’s good to support the Irish community. Good news is that they have finally taken my word for it and after the last event they have made their own judgement. Quite sad as we spent a lot of money that night and we had individuals fly from Scotland, Ireland, Australia, and America just for the evening and the Crown did nothing to make the evening enjoyable.	
Oct 22 2009 	Would definitely stay here again!	My husband and I stayed here for 2 nights with our 4 year old daughter, to attend to family wedding. The hotel and staff were extremely friendly and efficient and our room was modern, clean and tidy (view wasn't great but hey, you can't have everything)! I think we had a good location within the hotel as we didn't experience any disturbances (you need to be in the right part of the hotel to avoid noise from functions). Thank you for a very enjoyable time.	
Oct 20 2009 	great couple of days	had a fun couple of days with the kids. Loved the leisure centre, breakfast good, rooms modern and comfortable. Great to see the character of the old crown still there.	
Oct 8 2009 	We enjoyed our four night stay at this hotel	We asked for quiet rooms and were given a room on the fifth floor at the back and it was very quiet except for the guests on either side of us running back and forth doors slamming one night. They offered to move us the next day but as the neighbours were leaving we stayed put. The rest of the time was lovely and quiet. the staff were friendly and helpful. We arrived at the hotel after a 5 minute walk from the Thameslink rail. We used the bus and tube to get around. The Jubilee line however was closed on two of our 4 days so took the bus to the bakerloo line. Also used the bus outside the hotel to get down to Oxford Circus to shop. We ate several times in the attached pub and enjoyed the breakfast each morning which was included in our room rate. We did make use of the swimming pool and the gym. We chose this hotel based on reviews and were not disappointed.	
Oct 1 2009 	Will definitely return	We were concerned that this hotel would be too far away and difficult to reach the places we wanted to visit but it was actually very quick and easy on the Jubilee line. From Kilburn station it is a walkable distance but we would recommend just walking uphill (turn left from the station) to the bus stop and then travelling just three or four stops on the bus which stops right opposite the hotel. It is also on the bus route from Victoria for anyone arriving by coach. If you buy a travel pass for the tube it is valid on the bus too. On arrival we were very impressed by the spacious and airy reception area and although we were early we were welcomed and our room was ready. The hotel is in a busy neighbourhood and we thought it could be noisy but the public areas are closest to the road and it was mostly unnoticeable and the bedrooms at the rear were perfectly quiet. The mixture of the old and new architecture worked very well and the atmosphere was calm, friendly and relaxing.Our room had everything we could require and was very clean, welcoming and comfortable. It was very nice to have tea and coffee making facilities and air conditioning too.The swimming pool was part of our reason for selecting this hotel and it was a pleasure to use and we had it to ourselves. The jacuzzi was sadly not in operation but there was a sauna and a gym. Commendably, to save energy, the hotel only heats the sauna as required so you need to remember to ask for them to switch it on about an hour before you want to use it which is no hardship if you want to swim or use the gym first. The changing rooms were very clean and well equipped with lockers, hair-driers, towels and shower gel. All in all we thoroughly recommend the hotel and thank them for their concern that we enjoyed our stay. Now that we know the ease of the location and how pleasant the surroundings are we will definitely look forward to staying again.	
Sep 28 2009 	What a Gem	We stayed at the Crown Moran for my partners birthday. We arrived very ealier but was greeted very happily at reception.Kilburn tube station was only a mile walk from the hotel- so excellent location if you want access to the city centre.We stayed in the junior suite and was amazed at how beautiful it was, clean, fresh and perfect all round.We went into the bar ajoined to the hotel and though it was great too, different sections to suit everyones taste.We ate in the resturant and thought the food was lovley. it wasn't really over priced for the style of food they were serving. and service was great.In the morning we had a buffet style breakfast from cereals to cold meats to a hearty fried breakfast. Breakfast was included in the price of the room too!We saw the swimming pool and gym and looked very clean but we didn't have time to check them out- shame.Overall the hotel is decorated very well, modrn but not to hard and cold that you caouldn't relax. All members of staff were so helpful and polite at all times even though they had wedding on we weren't left feeling we weren't being helped.We parked in the underground parking facillity they had. As we ate in the resturant we got our parking free- usually it would be £10 a night- i was happy that i didn't have to leave me car on the side of the road.The location that it was set in was a typical London district- i do agree a women walking by herself wouldn't be fun but your in London- you can't expect low crimes rates and green fields!!! But there was plenty of bars, cafe and off licences nearby.to sum up just book it you will be love it!	
Sep 7 2009 	Very high standard hotel but..	We found the hotel easily and arrived Friday evening (4th September 2009) for a weekend in London. The hotel is a 4 star gem in a dubious part of the city. The main rotating doors were not working when we arrived so we had to use the glass side door which was no problem. The entrance and foyer is quite impressive being very light and spacious. The receptionist wasn't at all warm or welcoming - he may well have been at the end of a long shift (or maybe this is just London folk) but all the same, after a long journey, it's not what you expect on arrival. The hotel is attached to a bar called The Crown which we found pleasant and the bar staff here were very friendly. We had parked in a side street because the signing of the car park next to the Crown pub looks like an NCP car park (sign states £2 per hour) and there is no indication that it's part of the hotel property. We asked the said receptionist about if he could suggest a good place to park locally and he informed us (in his condescending manner) about the hotel car park. He simply told us we'd need to buzz in and out and he'd raise the barrier. What he DID NOT say however, which we found out when checking out, is that the car park costs an addtional £10 per night! (so for us £20 car park charges) - Fair play to the manager who we checked out with because he deducted £10 since we weren't informed. The room itself was fabulous - very clean and extremely comfortable. The bathrom was a bit problematic in that the basin taps were both running hot water (no cold water to clean your teeth). We reported this on checking out. The shower was a bit odd - just a strange contraption but ok once you work out which device operates what. The hotel has a fabulous swimming pool which we used Saturday evening. There was only one other guest using the pool. Unfortunately the jacuzzi had a heavy lid over it and was off. The sauna room was dark and cold (switched off). If you want the sauna you need to ask reception before making your way down into the lower floors where the pool is. There was also a fitness suite which we didn't go into. The area of London (Willesden Green/kilburn outsirts) seemed to be a kind of ghetto with loads of late night cafes full of Muslim men socialising. It wasn't at all intimidating, in fact we found it an enjoyable experience strolling up and down the high street taking in the cultural diversity. Getting into central London is easy - we walked 15 minutes to Kilburn tube (you could get a bus or taxi) and then got the Jubilee line into Picadilly Circus (about 15minutes). We got a taxi back from Soho in the early hours of Sunday Morning and this cost us £20.Breakfast in the hotel was delicious. They have a range of continental, full-English, fruit salad, cereal, toast and so on. The space is comfortable and light.Overall, this is a great hotel and we would definitely stay there again. Importantly for us as a gay couple we found the hotel very gay friendly too.	
Sep 3 2009 	Nice hotel - shame about the location	This hotel was quite a surprise given the generally seedy and down-at-heel nature of the surrounding area. reasonably sized rooms - although not generous - nice comfy bed and very quiet. The pool and gym were lovely and very much underused by guests.We stayed at the hotel for a family wedding and there were three of us on a bed and breakfast tarrif. We ate in the hotel one evening and had a few drinks at the bar and our total bill for two nights came to under £300 which I thought quite good value.As mentioned the surrounding area is pretty grotty and I'm not sure whether I'd be happy venturing out on my own at night if I was a lone female.Parking spaces are available in the hotel's underground car-park but you do pay for this, unless you eat in the restaurant. Also signage around the hotel is appalling - many signs bear no relation to the actual location of facilities and often take you to fire-escapes or dead-ends.	
Aug 21 2009 	The no1 choice for North London A++	From the moment we arrived nothing was too much troublethe rooms are excellent and the hotel foyer is stunning i would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to stay in north london there is also underground car parking at the hotelkilburn tube is about a 10 to 15 minute walk and then the tube to the center of london is approx 15 minshighly recommended and i will stop here again	
Aug 19 2009 	Cricklewood hotel	Arrived at London City Airport from Russia via Copenhagen, so picked up rental car and drove to this hotel as it was convenient for our first visit the next morning. Lovely Hotel, I enjoyed the mix of old and new architecture. staff were pleasant and helpful, our room very comfortable . We had dinner in the restaurent which was a bit overpriced and not as great as we expected. Breakfast was good. The bar we used was large and empty we probably should have used another but too tired to explore.Pool looked so inviting shame we ran out of time.Found the location convenient and would consider using again for next visit to London as the transport links were good and one avoids the congestion charge.Parking was free as we dined at the hotel	
Aug 18 2009 	No worries...try it!	Although it was a 10-15 minutes walk to the tube, there was a very good bus service. The line was closed on one of the days and it was ok by bus into the city. Ii was a fixed fare of £2, great value if going all the way. The area around the hotel is quite lively during the day, with plenty of shops for any essentials. There are cafes and bars, didn't try any but they looked ok. In the hotel the rooms are a good size. Our party was 2 adults and an 8 year old and we had plenty of space. The bathroom had bath/shower, would have preferred bath and walk-in, which there was more than enough space for. The room was clean, although there was a smell of smoke from previous occupiers. The restaurant was nice, the breakfast was very good and the staff were excellent. Would have liked to try the restaurant for dinner but we had already booked tables in the city...next time. We did have a snack in the adjoining pub (this gets your parking!), which was fine and again the staff were superb.The reception staff were very friendly and efficient. They were able to give advice and info about how to get to and from the city and about the hotel. The swimming pool was very nice, great changing room. Towels, haidryers and shower gel/shampoo, all provided. Jacuzzi [still] not working but other than that [very] small issue a very nice swimming experience. Gym looked good but didn't have the time to try out...never mind!All in all a very good hotel at a reasonable price.	
Aug 9 2009 	Absolutely Fabulous and I am a bit of a Diva (smile)	What a clean, trendy, super cute hotel. I am writing this review in the hotel room. I will be staying here for 2 wks and was referred to this hotel. My room is very updated, very spacious (which I didn't expect for London) super clean and has the nicest bathroom. My bed is large and plush. I sleep like a baby. The location is cricklewood and this area reminds me of Manhattan because you can step out of the hotel, find a ATM on every block, little grocery shops to get fresh fruit, spirits, snacks etc, and there are plenty of inexpensive places to have a meal. You don't feel all touristy here. I fell like one of the locals and I love it. There is a bus that stops directly in front of the hotel that will take you to the tube or straight into oxford street which is where I had classes everyday. There is internet in the room but free wi-fi in the lobby. The Lobby is fabulous and has plenty of comfy seat. There is a cute bar and restaurant downstairs and the entire staff are super helpful, friendly and patient. I have plenty of pictures but I can only add three so hope these help. Happy travels.	
Jul 29 2009 	Very Good	The quest for value for money continues in London and this one is a gem if you dont mind a 30 minute tube ride to Oxford Street.My friends all thought I was bonkers to stay in Kilburn when most of the shopping that was associated with this trip was happening in central London. Due to the Tripadvisor review and the price on expedia I had to give it a go.Lobby is very nice and receptionists on arrival were professional but I have to say not overly friendly. This was true for all of my visits to reception during the 4 nights we stayed there. Definate room for improvement in my opinion. Dont get me wrong they were efficient just not terribly friendly.Rooms well decorated fresh clean and roomy. Plenty of TV channels for a night in. Bathroom felt new modern and very clean. Bed linen nice only issue pillows not to my liking though.There are three bars. Next to retaurant which I didn't visit and a residents bar/pub off the lobby and a similar styled/decor one accessed from the front of the hotel. Absolutely loved them lovely old feel to them but fresh. Staff very friendly and although I do not usually I have to mention one girl named Monica who was very friendly and efficient.We stayed in on our last night, a Thursday, and they had live Music. Fantastic band great vibe and a lovely mix of people.Breakfast buffet was very good. Cannot fault selection nor quality.Ate at the restaurant last night. Again good value for money, will never set the world on fire but would eat there again but give the chicken caesar a miss. My wife ordered a Risotto which when they brought it out was the wrong one. Restaurant manager who was very good (Just enough service not too much) was very sincere in his apology and took it off the bill. Hows that for service folks! Risotto was when it appeared very good.Only down side I ordered a Chicken caesar. Salad was fine but the chicken came in the form of a whole piece with bone plonked on top of the salad. The chicken had just come out of a pan and most of the salad was cooked under the hot chicken. Hmmmm. Never had a caesar quite like it.All in all a very nice experience and will definately be back even for work. Only recommendation is have reception visit Monica in the bar to get some tips on friedliness. I dont mean over the top &quot;have a nice day, missing you already&quot; rubbish just a sincere smile. It would have resulted in a tip which they missed out on.	
Jul 27 2009 	Excellent for Wembley...but you pay for it	Hotel was easy to find staight off the M1, no where to park and ended up driving round and round until the chap behind the reception desk told us to just dump it outside the adjoining pub. Room was excellent...in the day but on our return from Wembley the night club attached or nearby was in full flow - glad I was so tired. The Breakfast was chaos no other word for it. Would I stay again I'd have to think about it......	
Jul 17 2009 	Lovely hotel will be back!	We stayed in this hotel when going to a concert at Wembley Stadium, it wasn't within walking distance but only took about 15mins in the taxi. The hotel staff were helpful, the hotel was smart, clean and the room was large and spacious. We had booked the room via an onlone website and therefore only paid £89 which was a bargain, the room was worth more! We ordered room service which was expensive (it always is!) but was lovely and delivered very quickly. The breakfast was a buffet style but hadeverything we wanted. Will book to stay again!	
Jul 17 2009 	great Hotel	Stayed weekemd of July 11th for oasis concert. Hotel was great, very comfortable, quiet.Breakfast was excellent but did not eat in hotel other than burger in the addjoining crown pub (this was excellent)tube about 15min walk away and then 20 mins to centre of town. bus left straight outside the hotel and was about 40 mins to oxford circus and good value at £2.00 each	
Jul 13 2009 	With warm shower this would have been a full 5/5!	I was traveling with my two teenage daughters and am really happy to have taken the leap of faith and chosen this hotel a bit further from our normal &quot;Bayswater-Earls Court&quot; triangle. Rooms - beds, linens, etc - absolutely perfect - If I dare to say - very good Scandinavian standard level. Breakfast - very good with good selection. With the second day the capacity seemed to be on it's limits though since various articles were running out before the stuff had the time to refill but that occasionally happens in any hotel. We also had a booking hick-up which I'm still trying to understand who's to blame, hotels.com or Crown Moran hotel - it caused us a 30-40 min waiting at arrival which at that time of the night was not quite acceptable. Especially since the room was booked and paid for.In conclusion - I only had one wish: would you only please do something with the showers?! Ice cold most of the time....	
Jul 10 2009 	Good hotel great location	Recently stayed at the hotel and found the establishment to be of high quality. There was a little issue with the showers in the morning where the temperature would randomly fluctuate between hot and cold every few mins... The rooms were clean with independant air con, space to move... Breakfast included, close to trains jubilee line (dont take bus into town, takes more than the advised 15mins)Quiet rooms but busy carpark... had to lap the block a couple times before leaving it in a rather dodgy positionPlanning on going back	
Jul 10 2009 	Great Stay	I took my 15 year old daughter to London, and prior to going, we decided that we would stay in London, as we were there for 5 days only and did not want to feel rushed. I researched different hotels, and this one had fairly consistent reviews that seemed favorable and since any hotel will tell you they are the best in their category, I depend on word of mouth. The hotel is a nice hotel, given I had my daughter, I wanted something safer and this felt safe. We came back from central London fairly late, aroud 11 pm, a few times but felt safe walking the streets, which were fairly well lit. The bus does stop in front of the hotel, which is nice and it runs 24/7, although not as frequently at night. The room itself was nice, it was clean, and had a twin bed and a double bed, which served us fine. The tv had only a few channels but we did not go there to watch TV. The staff was friendly, and accomodating. The buffet was good, and filling, which got us through breakfast and lunch. They do have a swimming pool which we did not use, and a nice gym, but we did not use it as we wanted to maximize our time in the city. One draw back is that our room lights/AC would only work if we put our room card in a special slot/card holder as you enter the room. If either one of us wanted to step out to use the free internet in the lobby, and if we took the card, all electrical devices, (lights, bathroom lights, AC, etc), would stop working. The other one would be left in the dark. No big deal, unless one of us was in the bathroom/shower when the other one wanted back in. When you check in, ask for two room cards, no extra fee involved. If you go, and decide to buy a hairdryer, look in your drawers first. we lucked out and found one that somebody was kind enough to leave behind. As far as transportation, get the oystercard, and spend the money to take the train to Paddington station, from the airport. They have two, one is more expensive, with no stops, the other is cheaper, but stops like 4 times. We took the cheaper one and it was comfortable, and we did not mind the stops at all. I love the subway system, at no time did I miss having a car. We had a great time and as far as this hotel goes, we would stay there again. Our plan is to go to a different country each time so I think it will be a while until we make it back to London and Crown Moran but it's a great city and a hotel I will go back to.	
Jul 3 2009 	One to visit!	3 of us went on a trip to London to see Take That in Wembley. We trawled the internet for nice hotels in London at a &quot;reasonable&quot; price and we came across the Crown Moran. Excellent hotel - clean, friendly, luxurious. Brilliant amenities - swimming pool, gym, bars... The room (slept 3) was spacious, immaculate, and had everything we needed except we booked a room for 3 but items such as glasses, mugs, towels etc were only provided for 2. This didnt ruin our stay however!!! We requested an iron that was delivered to the room at no extra charge. The only downside was we left the room at 9am, put the &quot;please service the room&quot; sign on the door and when we returned at 4pm the room was still not done. Breakfast was great, served not only continental but a good old fry up too - set us up for the day! The bus stop outside the hotel provided buses direct to Oxford Circus and Victoria as well as Brent Cross Shopping Centre on the opposite side. We took a bus from the hotel to Victoria at a cost of £2 per person (we did hit awful traffic on the way down though!) When going out to Wembley we booked a taxi through the hotel at a cost of £15 as there is no direct bus/tube nearby. Cricklewood Broadway offers a range of shops and places to eat and is very pleasant. All in all GREAT value for money (real bargain!) and we have already booked our next trip back minus Take That :-(	
May 28 2009	Beautiful hotel great food great value excellent location	Right beside the tube station so easily accessible from airports. Great bus service, bus stop right outside the door, easy to get everywhere from this hotel. Rooms were spacious, clean and had everything, including complementary tea/coffee tray, sattelite tv etc. Room serivce is great! Stayed in this hotel once before and loved it. Love the design and the features of the hotel ie reception area. Great live entertainment. The breakfast was absolutely brilliant, loved the mini muffins!! Would recommend highly!	
May 21 2009 	Comfortable and Enjoyable Stay w/ minor shortcomings	A very nice hotel and comfortable stay. Breakfasts were covered and were excellent. We found ourselves very sluggish for the day because we were surprised at how much food was available right at the start. Wi-fi is free in the lobby, but in the rooms you have to pay to use the wired internet connection. There were a couple of outlets on the second floor section of the lobby in case you were spending long amounts of time on the internet.Staff were very helpful and friendly pointing upon check-in right through until check-out the best way to get into Zone 1/Central London.The room itself was cosy but it did feel a little bit dated. The bedding and the television in the room didn't seem to match up to rest of the hotel in design. One of the wall tiles in the washroom was loose and could have been ripped out. Washroom overall though was clean and for the most part very functional. Found that getting out of the tub/shower was a bit steep and definitely needed to hold on something to make sure I didn't fall over.Location was generally good, although you have to take a bus or walk from the nearest tube station. I didn't mind that much as it gave an opportunity to ride a double-decker bus. From Kilburn Park station, it's about a 10-15 min. bus ride, while from Kilburn Station, it's only a few mins and only 3-4 stops.Would definitely consider going back there upon future trips to London.	
May 3 2009 	Wonderful experience	It was a really pleaseant experience, big and clean rooms, spacious bathroom. We used the swimming pool and the sauna, after a long day walking around london it was real nice. The breakfast was splendid, we can chose between the irish breakfast and the buffet, everything was just perfect. There was a bus stop just in front the hotel and in ten minutes we were in front kilburn metro. Just 20 minutes from the city center. A real good experience.	
Apr 17 2009 	A very pleasant stay	This hotel is an excellent value. The hotel is beautiful, very clean. The staff are friendly and very helpful, one and all. My children enjoyed the pool, though the jacuzzi was not in operation.The neighborhood, Cricklewood is well situated for groceries, a nice pub attached to the hotel, and a number of kebab and chicken and burger places nearby. The neighborhood isn't very good for casual dining, though Hampstead and West Hampstead are nearby. It takes about 45 minutes to get to Oxford Street.The only annoyance is that, though they offer a fantastic breakfast, they charge for hot chocolate, which if you have children does not seem fair since they eat less from the buffet to begin with and chocolate isn't very much more expensive than coffee. The whole charge doesn't make sense.	
Apr 9 2009 	Very unpleasant in every way!	Firstly, I simply cannot understand the high marks this hotel has got from reviewers. I found staying in this hotel a horrendous experience! Every aspect of it fell far short of expectations. I was booked into the hotel by my company on two seperate nights, 29th and then 31st March as I had meetings near by early the next morning. The first stay was bearable although the room was small and fairly basic - a double no-smoker had been booked. Deciding to go for a swim, I was dismayed to discover that the jacuzzi was broken and you needed to inform them 45 minutes in advance if you needed a sauna - why didn't they mention this on check-in which surely would have been simple enough! No-one was around and to be honest it was disgraceful that staff were not on duty in case of an accident in the pool. The tiles around the pool were too slippy and you could easily fall. HOWEVER, it was the 2nd night that the service just fell apart!I had been specifically booked again a non-smoking double and knowing I would not be checking in until late, someone called the hotel to inform them that I was on route. When I arrived at 10 pm I was allocated a room. When I got there I discovered it was a 'smoking' room - you could smell the stale air as you got out of the lift on this particular floor. When I returned to Reception and told them that a non-smoking double had been booked I just got a blank stare fromt the female receptionist who told me that all the non-smoking rooms had gone! I was suffering from a fairly heavy cold which was very evident and told the girl that I simply could not sleep in a room that stank of cigarette smoke and all I got was a shrug! A fellow guest was checking in too and he had been allocated a room for disabled people (he was able-bodied) and offered to change with me. As no other option was open to me I had to take this. The room was horrific and I had to sleep in a small single bed which I haven't done since childhood! The bed was so uncomfortable I hardly slept and the best bit of the whole experience was getting out of the hotel first thing in the morning and knowing that I would never come back! Due to the comments I had written on a form in the room, I had a call from the Duty Manager that day who offered me a free night's stay - I still have not received confirmation of this over a week later. By the way, I would not use it. I would need to be paid hundreds of pounds to stay there again. There are much nicer hotels in much better areas close by - GO THERE!!!	
Mar 18 2009 	excellent service food 	After spending 4 days in London with 2 young children we found this hotel great value with excellent service, great space, child friendly and good food. It was ideal for touring london and enjoying a quiet relaxing few nights away. The Hotel Taxi service is great and well worth reserving to collect and drop your party to the airport especially with children or if you are unsure on train/tube services. Lovely buffet selection for breakfast as well as a great choice in a cooked breakfast. The staff were efficient and polite and gave excellent service.	
Mar 13 2009 	Great option near M1 motorway.	We stayed at the Crown Moran to give us a fast &amp; easy journey onto M1. We found it easily, had no problem parking and the lift took us directly up to reception. The room was clean, modern &amp; well laid out, only an up to date TV was missing.Cricklewood is not the culinary centre of London &amp; we ate in the Crown. On entering we found it warm &amp; comfortable. My husband was delighted to see Landlord on draft and even happier when the barman managed to pull it with a bit of a head. Food was not fabulous, we found it a bit stoggy &amp; some came straight from the freezer. The burger was a good option, very tasty. Staff were very pleasant and we would be happy to go back.We had a very comfortable night &amp; our room was not noisy. Breakfast next day was plentiful &amp; good with the hot food cooked to order. The bill was very reasonable and as we ate in the hotel our parking was free. We were on the M1 within a few minutes &amp; on our way.	
Feb 25 2009 	Nice hotel... bad location	I loveee the breakfast, the rooms, the bar and the building by itself.It was a little far from subway AND we arrived sooo late in London, I cannot remember the name of the airport (small one) so the only way to go to our hotel was by taxi.200 lbs for the ride.:S	
Jan 6 2009 	Lovely London hotel	This hotel is ok. The rooms are spacious and clean, bathrooms are indeed 4stars. It offers a very nice indoor swimming pool and plenty of relaxing areas with a good selection of background music. Staying at this hotel you can enjoy very modern facilities and a traditional pub. The location is a bit far from the closest tube station (about 1.5 km) but the area is safe and there's a 24h bus service (n.189) just in front of the entrance, that connects the hotel to the tube and to oxford circus. I would definitely stay here again.	
Dec 12 2008 	Scarey location	The reviews of the hotel were fabulous, the pub, restaurant, etc. in several travel guides and various travel websites gave the hotel 4.5 or better out of 5, so we booked the hotel. If we had stayed in the hotel and did not leave it we would have agreed, but it was quite a disappointment. The hotel web site stated a short cab ride from the airport - the ride was over fifty pounds, we mentioned this at the desk and were told they did not know when and where the construction would be taking place. We heard this same answer being given several times that week. The location was horrible, as a woman I did not feel safe walking outside the hotel on my own. When we asked were the tube was the front desk said that it was just down the block to the left, they neglected to mention it was over 2 miles and the area was shady at best. We later found the bus and for the rest of our stay took the bus to the tube. Having stayed in London many times we were looking forward to showing our son (14) a great time, including going out in the evenings, but after the first night we did not travel at night and tried to be back at the hotel by 9 pm. The taxi rides were too expensive and the area did not make us look forward to taking the bus. Move the hotel anywhere else in London it would be fine, but beware the location.	
Dec 8 2008 	Be Aware: Irons and Parking	I loved this hotel, we stayed there for our first anniversary, Early December, '08.Everything was perfect with two set backs.1. The hotel only has 10 irons for the whole hotel. So you have to call reception and they go find where it is. A four star hotel with only 10 irons... hmmm. They offered to send our clothes to be pressed complimentary but it was going to take half an hour to an hour. When the guy at the reception desk couldn't locate a free iron he apologised and asked if there was anything else he could do. I replied 'yeah, could someone go to Argos and buy an iron' to which he replied 'Sure, it'll be about 10 minutes'. Unfortunately me and my husband had been delayed long enough and couldn't wait for it to arrive... but it's good to know they we're willing to go the extra mile.2. ParkingIt cost £20 to park the car in the hotel overnight or £2 per hour according to the sign. We parked there for less than an hour and then went out on the night and on our return parked in the residential area which had very limited parking and is only available from 10pm till 9am. When we checked out of the hotel we didn't have to pay anything. So either they forgot to charge us or they start charging after an hour or they don't want to encourage parking in the hotel as they have very limited parking space available. Oh and once in the car parking grounds you have to go through the escape stairs to enter the hotel... which we found a bit weird.But on a whole it was a great experience. The breakfast was very filling and the staff were very attentive and asking if everything was ok or if we needed anything. Didn't dine or get to use the leisure facilities (but from other reviews those seem great) due to time constraints but will definitely be booking another stay in the hotel in the near future to truly experience everything it has to offer.	
Nov 20 2008 	Excellent Value in London	We recently travelled from Ireland to London for the NFL Match at Wembley Stadium. Our party consisted of 2 adults and 2 children. The Crown Moran Hotel was in a very convenient location, with ready access to all public transport services (tube and buses). I personally found the hotel staff to be extremely helpful, courteous and efficient, right from my initial contact with the hotel. They arranged cost effective transportation for us for our journeys to and from Luton Airport to the hotel.The hotel staff from reception to the bars and restaurant are all to be commended. We stayed in very comfortable twin adjoining rooms, which were excellent value for money and more importantly were tasteful and absolutely spotless. The bathrooms were very modern and again spotless. Food and food service were both of a high standard, and the Irish Breakfast (which was included in our rate) was top quality. Unfortunately we didn't get to use the excellent looking leisure amenities.All in all the Crown Moran Hotel is a hidden jewel in North London, and added significantly to the enjoyment of our trip.If you are looking for extraordinary service, comforts and facilities at ordinary (ie very affordable prices) then I suggest that you look no further.....I certainly won't ....and will definitely use the hotel again, when in London.Highly highly recommended ....	
Oct 31 2008 	Fantastic! Top class hotel	I stayed in this hotel for a few days and was well impressed with it. The decor of the hotel is amazing and the rooms are very spacious. The swimming pool was almost like a private pool. We ate in the restaraunt two nights and the food was excellent. I cannot reccomend this hotel highly enough. The breakfasts were fantastic, full irish breakfast as well as a choice of cereal, juices etc. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful. The hotel is also in a great location to get into london city as the bus stops right outside the door and kilburn tube station is only about 4 bus stops away. I would definitely stay in this hotel again and recommend it to anyone.	
Aug 23 2008 	Perfect. No faults!	After looking at hundreds of London hotels I picked this as the price was reasonable and the pictures of it on the website looked great. Its in Cricklewood which is about 7 minutes from Central London on the tube. There's a bus stop right outside the hotel that goes to the nearest tube stop in Kilburn in 2-3 mins or the walk takes about 20 mins. We flew into Stansted which is over a half hour outside the city centre so with a lot of help from the receptionist, the hotel sent a car for us which was only slightly dearer than buses/trains, 4 of us travelled so it was very handy. Check in was quick. We arrived at 8am and they let us check in to one room at that time because it was ready. The room was beautiful, very very clean and nicely decorated. We headed into Madame Toussauds then, I highly reccommend this, queus are long but its well worth it. The first night we stayed there was a wedding in the hotel, we stayed on the ground floor and couldn't hear any noise from it, very impressed by that. Got breakfast in the room the following morning, couldn't fault that either, everything was freshly cooked and piping hot. The swimming area was lovely too, not many hotels in London with a pool and if it has one you'll pay a lot extra. I'll definatly stay here whenever I visit London again and would reccommend anyone to stay here. There are several bars in the premises, for those interested in night clubs we didn't go out in the city centre so I don't know how hard it would be or how long it would take to get back to the hotel afterwards. I'm sure reception would help you out if you contacted them tho.	
Jul 21 2008 	Great hotel in Cricklewood London	I stayed here in July 2008 and had a really enjoyable stay there. The interior of the hotel is amazing, the bedrooms are quite large with a lovely bathroom and the beds were really comfy. We ate in the King Sitric on our first evening and had a lovely meal. There are several options at breakfast time, the full Irish is highly recommended. The hotel is not right next door to a tube station but you can get several buses right outside the hotel which will take you to Kilburn station in 5 mins and then it's only a 20 minute trip into Bond Street. There are bars adjoining the hotel which were pretty lively and good fun at the weekend. I would stay here again.	
Jul 21 2008 	Favourite hotel in london to date	I was a bit nervous about going to this hotel because of its location- usually I stay in West london- but the reviews persuaded us to give it a try and I'm so glad I did.We had a fabulous room- very spacious and lovely-(We had an executive room which is bigger than a double and worth the extra money)I'm a light sleeper so asked for a quiet room if possible and we were put at the side of the hotel- I was surprised that although we weren't that far from the main road -the noise did not come through to the room windows and we had a nice view over a side street. I slept very well in this hotel and that's a real rarity for me.The only thing that wasn't fabulous was the pillows which were not too soft- but I still got a great night's sleep.The decor is good- most things look very new and the fact that the bankets were not brand spanking new didn't bother me- as everything was spotlessly clean.The staff were wonderful and very helpfulThe breakfast was absolutely great and perfectly cooked- I went fairly late so it wasn't too busy but I couldn't fault a thing.My room service dinner steak wasn't so great-but I imagine snacks would be fine.The pool is lovely and clean and seldom used so it feels like a private pool.Shower pressure was fab- although one night -around 1am we could only get warm water out of the bathroom tap- but it was amusing rather than a problem- we knew if we contacted house keeping they'd be up straight away and we'd already brushed our teeth and got bottled water - so it was fine. When we woke up in the morning it was all normal.We had no fridge in our room - but it wasn't a problem. We were out most of the time and ate out every night.The walk to the tube is 10mins -but then you're into Bond Street in 7 mins and right in the centre of everything - for those with a bad knee like me - a bus right outside the door of the hotel takes you to Kilburn tube station- if you buy a travel card you can used this on the bus as well-I just can't say enough good things about this hotel. Loved it -loved it.One things that coud be nice is if they had a tapas menu- and a bigger sitting areas for the restaurant bar -as the crown pub was a little bit rough for my taste- but nothing to put me off staying at this hotel again.What a bonus to get parking for £10 a night as well.If it had all the extras it would put its prices up and its such a find that I would rather have things as they are- which makes this hote affordable luxury.There is a lovely little bakery and bagel shop opposite the hotel and we had a great lunch in there one day for £6 for 2 people - just sandwiches and pizza slices wiht tea- but how good is that in London?I managed to walk back from the tube one day and had no problems or concerns. There are loads of cheap food places nearby- and a great sheesha cafe if you like apple tobacco 5 mins from the hotel towards the tube.	
Jul 15 2008 	Tranquil outside city center	A good business class hotell with beautiful clean rooms, a nice gym, a very nice swimmingpool and an above average restaurant. Best feature is full steak dinner and service at the hotel restaurant. Its a nice place to cool down from the busy city life. It takes 5 min by bus to Kilburn Subway St. and then 20-30 min to city centre - by an Oyster Card from across the street from hotel. In the area around the hotell there isn´t many exiting things exept a few Hallal shops, McDonalds and newspaper agents. If you need to travel further north by car the location is perfect, since you avoid traffic in the city centre.	
Jun 30 2008	Excellent hotel	My girlfriend and I spent 3 nights here recently. It is an excellent hotel all round. The beds are very comfortable, the staff very friendly and the food was quality.	
Jun 14 2008 	Would definately recommend the Crown Moran	We stayed at the Crown Moran when visiting London for the Foo Fighters concert at Wembley Stadium. The hotel is in an excellent location for anyone going to Wembley as Kilburn is only a couple of stops away. Kilburn tube station is a straight 10 min walk from the hotel but for those who don't want to walk the bus stop is right outside the hotel and drops off at the station. It's about a 30minute journey into the centre of London. One of the reviewers mentioned that they felt unsafe walking in the ethnic community and I was a bit worried about this before I went but I can honestly say that we didn't feel threatened at all. The hotel is beautiful. All areas are spotlessly clean and modern. Breakfast was included at it was much what you would get anywhere - a mixture of hot and continetal breakfast. The adjoining pub was a real bonus and catered for a mixed age group.There was also mention in one of the reviews that the staff were unhelpful and unfriendly - we didn't find this to be the case. Maybe they'e undergone customer service training since then.	
Mar 15 2008 	Fabulous Wedding Venue with Great Service and Food	I recently got married at the Crown Moran and from beginning to end I cannot praise the hotel and staff highly enough. Although Cricklewood isn't the first place you'd think of to get wed in London, the Crown Moran is a breath of fresh air to the area and is perfectly situated for transport links across the city. The Bar, Reception and Banquetting staff were courteous and helpful from the offset with nothing appearing to be too much trouble. During the menu planning the chef was outstanding - especially given that we decided to create a menu from scratch and not stick to the usual wedding meal options. He simply listened to our likes and dislikes and designed a tailor made menu which was both delicious and perfect.The feedback from our guests was excellent too so all in all I'd give this hotel a 10 out of 10 for everything except views over London!	
Mar 6 2008	Will stay here next London visit	This hotel is very nice.Clean modern room,smart friendly staff who in my expieriance spoke English well despite some of the other reviews,cool pool and hot tub and a tasty cooked breakfast which was in with the price.Its location is a little outside the city so it may get a little annoying if its a central location that you were after but we wasnt sight seeing on this occasion so that wasnt a big issue for us.There is an underground car park which we did not have to pay for, I cant be sure if that is standard for guests but there were signs up with prices on.The pub that is attached to the hotel serves food although we didnt eat there but did have a couple of quiet Sunday afternoon pints and a read of the free Sunday papers that are availiable.Next time I am visiting north or central London this will be the first hotel I try and no doubt will be just a pleased then.	
Dec 14 2007 	Nice but noisy	The hotel is nice, but the relation of price/quality is not so good. First of all, the hotel is about 30 minutes by bus from London center, although the bus stop is really near the hotel entrance. But this makes you to take 1 hour each day to go from and to the center. When you arrive the hotel, you take a good feeling at the reception, but the kindless of the staff depends on the person that attends you. Some or them are kind, but some of them not at all.The rooms are clean and beds are big enough, but the bed clothes are old and they're not at the required level of a 4 star hotel. But the worst thing for us is that, depending on the room you're allocated, you can be on a really noisy room, because some of them are just above the bar, and the music is so loud that you can sing the songs in your bed. The music is turned off at 2am, so if you have to wake up early, that would be a serious problem. We complained to the hotel the second night, but they couldn't offer us a solution until last night, when they moved us to the presidential suite, where we were that night at the same price than in a double room. Ok to the hotel manager for that. Bathrooms were clean and spacious.Before going there, we read that the neighborhood was not safe, and that's say too much, but it's true that the street is full of inmigrant people, and some of them make you feel a little unsafe.As a conclusion, I think the hotel is good, but when I go back to London I will search another place to stay.	
Nov 30 2007 	WONDERFUL	I would stay at this hotel in a heartbeat.i stayed for a 2 night adventure in london... although a little far away from the downtown area - it was a 10 minute walk to the tube and about 20 minutes on the tube to get downtown.the pool was beautiful .. spiral staircase. great customer service.room service was fast.my room was excellent ... bed very comfortable.personal heat or AC controls.tv sound played in speakers in the bathroom.the breakfast in the morning included part buffet .. part hot breakfast.it was OK... but personally i think all the food in london was different from what were used to ...sooo can't expect too much.the only thing i didn't like was the maid coming on my check out day and i asked her to come back in half an hour when i had checked out (check out time is 12) ... but it was like she didn't understand and still was trying to come into clean.overall ... i give this hotel 5* !!!	
Nov 22 2007 	Great Hotel	We stayed at this hotel for one night, our room was spacious and clean. We ate at the hotel in the evening which meant our overnight parking was free!!! It was a 10 min walk to nearest tube but if you fancy, you can hop on a bus right outside which drives right past the tube entrance. Pleasant stay and would recommend.	
Sep 16 2007 	We Couldnt fault this hotel	We have just come back from a 5 day stay in the Crown Moran, and we were absolutely delighted with everything about the hotel. We checked in at a very busy time, and were treated very well and the staff were very professional and friendly. We were thrilled with the size of our room, we asked for a twin, but got a huge room with a King Size bed and a single bed, both of which were heaven to sleep in, they are really comfortable beds, the bathroom was absolutely spotless as was the room, there wasnt any noise from other rooms, corridor, or the street noise ( we were at the back).The breakfast was lovely, either full Irish or a continental, the staff served us in a very friendly and professional way, I've read reports from other posters that the staff were unfriendly and incompetent, we didnt find this at all.The area this hotel is located in is working class there's no denying that, but thats not a problem for me, I wasnt brought up with a silver spoon in my mouth, so didnt expect people to be running around after me! We asked directions in a few shops and everyone was more than happy to help, we found the community around the hotel to be really nice friendly ordinary people.As has been said before, any bus that passes the hotel will take you to Kilburn Tube station, and from there you are on the tube into central london in a few minutes, we found it very easy to navigate, we had no problems and took the tube all over London without the slightest hitch.The Crown Bar attached to the hotel is really nice with a good atmosphere, the bar food in the hotel is really good and reasonably priced, we didnt have dinner in the Hotel Restaurant, so I cant comment on that.There are plenty of fast food outlets on the street and loads of little shops for fruit and a gorgeous little bakery across the road we used to buy our little treats from, having a kettle in the room was an added bonus that we loved, its great to have a cuppa after being in Central London all day.I've read other reports saying people felt unsafe in the area, I'm really puzzled by this? ...I dont know where these people come from, but we never once felt unsafe, even taking the night bus home at all hours, its a working class area with ordinary down to earth people, they dont have two heads!We loved our stay in the Crown Moran, and will definitely go back before Christmas, we thought it was fantastic value, Central London is only a few minutes on the tube, you really couldnt ask for any more.	
Sep 9 2007	Crown Moran Cricklewood London	I was born and raised about 15 minutes from Cricklewood so I know the area very well, and realised when I booked the Crown Moran that it was sited in a central but not exactly scenic area. I live in the US now and wanted to be close to family so after reading reviews, decided to book the Crown Moran.The rooms are modern and very clean. The bathrooms are modern and the shower is powerful and instantly hot. Our room was not noisy considering where the hotel is located, and there was no noise from adjoining rooms or corridors.The common areas are modern and well laid out and there is underground parking (free whilst we were there as the barrier was not working so no tickets could be issued). Overall the hotel is above average in terms of decor and amenities and certainly aesthetically more pleasing than a lot of rooms I have stayed in within the centre of London.The problem the hotel has is the staff. They are not particularly friendly, do not seem experienced, and seem to prefer guests to steer well clear of them. When the public phone in the lobby was only taking emergency calls, I asked to use the reception phone to make a local call. They would not allow me to do this and suggested that if the public phone wasn't working I should walk up the street to a payphone. I asked for a tube map and was given one without any word or smile or acknowledgement. When I wanted to ask about pool opening times, I was ignored until I actually shouted &quot;excuse me&quot; over the lobby desk. All in all our stay was fine. Breakfast was ok and included in the rate (£85), rooms are fine and bathrooms are nice and spacious. The hotel does need more staff and ones that at least look as though they don't hate helping you.	
Aug 27 2007 	Overated - Average Hotel - Not Worth The Price!	We spent 2 nigts at this hotel for the Rugby League Challenge Cup Final at Webmbley - August 2007.I've read lot of reviews before booking, and whilst the accomodation at this hotel is new, the hotel is definitley situated in a very run down part of London with a high ethnic population. The hotel is excellently situated for anything going on at Wembley Stadium.Wembley Arena.Here are my general comments about this hotel1: Rooms are excellent - spotlessly clean and very modern2:Reception area - spotless airy and very modern - reception staff are all foreign and can have some difficulty understanding the english language3: Restaurant - we ate ther on both nights - food ok - standard London prices - not much quantity though.4: Breakfast - average - they have a standard continental buffet style layout - cooked breakfast is ordered via the waiter/waitress - if you can get him/her to understand you! - again not much quantity. I got really frustrated with the staff at breakfast - all were foreign, when we had to describe an egg during our breakfast order! , we also ordered toast, but then had to request butter, which came along 5 minutes later!5: Lesuire facilities - these are at the other end of the hotel in the basement, the facilities are good, but I feel that these should be manned by staff - if someone should get into difficulty, I don't think anyone would come to your aid! - very worrying if you have kids.The swiiming pool looked lovely - nice size - but freezing cold!looked like cost cutting to meThe jacuzzi worked fine but the water smelt like damp smelly clothes.To use the sauna, you had to request that the hotel staff turn on the heater 45mins before using it - looked like cost cutting to meMy overall impressions of this hotel was that it is in a great location for Wembley Stadium, with the Station a 15 minute walk away and 4 stops (15mins) on the train to get there, we walked around outside the hotel and had no problems at all with the local ethnic population.The hotel is nice and modern, but needs to employ the right balance of british and foreign staff - there are currently far too many staff at this hotel with very little grasp of the english language, and no customer service skills.It was a comfortable stay that could have been improved with just a few tweaks here and there by the hotel owners.As with all London hotels it is, in my opinion, overpriced, but that's what you get if you choose to visit London.	
Jul 30 2007 	Excellent hotel	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights and had chosen it because of the good reviews and also because of its Irish connection. We booked through Easyjet at half the cost on the hotel’s own website.Using the hotel's directions we got off the tube at Willesden Green and walked to the hotel. You do wonder where you are going as it is a working class residential area. When leaving the hotel we walked to Kilburn station instead - I would advise accessing the Tube to and from Kilburn - it is much more convenient. It is a straight but uphill walk back to the hotel but you cannot get lost. All the buses on this road stop directly outside the hotel and directly opposite the tube station. You can buy a book of bus tickets at the shop outside Kilburn station.We arrived mid-morning and our room was not available yet so we had breakfast from the Brunch Menu in the glass atrium in the foyer (very impressive entrance to the hotel). The breakfast was perfectly cooked and very reasonably priced. We also ate here in the evening (rather than in the restaurant) and the food was beautiful.The room was big and clean and as the window faced the side street we were not affected by any noise. The bathroom was also very luxurious and spotlessly clean.The staff were extremely pleasant and very helpful. We had a very enjoyable stay at the Crown Moran and would definitely recommend it. Although it is outside of the city centre (but not that far), the quality of the hotel is well worth it and I would defintely stay there again.	
Jul 27 2007 	Brilliant	Booked this hotel as part of a hen weekend and we all had a fantastic time. The hotel is not in a great area but the transport links to Central London and main airports is good. We had a meal in the restaurant which was lovely, although we were the only people eating there. We visited the local 'nightclub' and finished the evening in the pub adjoining the hotel. breakfast was subdued but this was due to a hangover and does not reflect on the good quality and quantity of the breakfast. Only negative is the pool was cold, I have stayed there since and the problems regarding this are the same. Saying that I'd highly recommend.	
Jul 10 2007 	excellent hotel rubbish restaurant but Ideal location for Wembley	We stayed here for 2 nights in July whilst attending the Live Earth concertThe hotel was superb and has a very nice 'traditional' irish pub attached to it with late opening, live music and 5 bars. The pub was a definate highlightCheck-in and out was quick efficient and friendlyRoom was comfortable and well equipped, and thoughly cleaned each day, bathroom was luxurious but a very slight critisism would be that the room was slightly smaller than average for this class of hotel - although still more than adequate The hotel is shiney and new throughout and communal areas are very impressiveThe problem came in the attached restaurant (King Sitric) we took advantage of what sounded like a good fixed price menu deal - 3 courses for £20My wife had a chicken salad which was lovely however my tomato and mozerella salad was covered in salt and pepper to the extent it was unedible - I would never have believed that a salad could be ruined so badly! The main couses were even worse - I was presented with a very small pork steak that was very overcooked, and hard to cut let alone eat and again extremely salty. This came alone in the middle of a large plate with only a small bowl of chips for company (about 8 chips in total!) My wifes chicken supreme was similar - just a chicken breast on a bed of potato, The chicken was undercooked and still pink! My understanding of chicken supreme is that it is in a white creamy sauce served with rice - apparently this chefs idea is that it is the supreme cut of chicken!! (which this was not, sizewise it looked more like a pigeon's breast!)We ordered a side salad and asked for it to come with a french dressing - when the salad arrived with no dressing we were told the chef did not know how to make or have time to make a french dressing!!!!We complained (the first time I have ever felt the need to in a restaurant) and the manager was quite rude saying he would have eaten it and the pork is smeant to be chargrilled (read charcoaled!)- well that is a matter of opinion but we will not eat undercooked chicken!We were offered 10% off the bill - an absolute insult - we left money to cover what we had eaten and drunk only and headed to the KFC next door (there is also a McDonalds and BurgerKing opposite along with a superb bakers that is open late and has excellent cakes for dessert!!)On the plus side the waitress was very good and when we returned for breakfast the on next 2 mornings the breakfasts were superb however the stay had been tainted by the first nights experienceCar parking in the hotels underground carpark is stated as £10 a night on website, in hotel is says £20 for 24 hours however we were not asked to pay at checkout - (if you cannot get in the carpark there didnt seem to be many other places to park around)I paid £95 a night on alpharooms.co.uk (against £190 quoted direct on hotel website) and for London this was superb value.Hotel is very handy for Wembley (10 minute walk to station then 2 stops on Jubilee line) or central London (again Jubilee line) and the surrounding area is reasonably plesant as long as you remeber you are in a london suberbHotel would have scored 5 out of 5 had the restaurant experience been better	
Jun 27 2007 	Excellent!!	This hotel may be out of the centre of London, but it is worth it. We stayed in a suite for my husband's 40th birthday &amp; it was absolutely amazing, one of the nicest hotels we've stayed in. There is a lovely pub attached, which is always busy &amp; has a really great atmosphere. The staff are very friendly &amp; helpful too. Kilburn tube station is about a 20 minute walk away from the hotel, but it is a nice stroll after the crowds of busy London, but it is up hill on the way back. The area itself has had a few bad reviews, but we were here a week &amp; felt totally safe every night when we walked back to the hotel. We would certainly go again &amp; recommend it!	
Jun 19 2007	Friendly Hotel	My wife and I spent 4 nights at this hotel.We liked it very much. OK its not in the centre of London but there is a bus stop outside the hotel with frequent buses.We are not young yet were able to stroll to nearest tube station in 15 minutes (Willesden Green )The hotel room was large and very clean. The bathroom spotless.There is noise from the main road at night, but after a few drinks in the excellent pub that is part of the hotel complex , we never really noticed the noise !One reviewer thought the area was too rough; well it is a fairly working class area but we never felt threatened in any way !The only downside to the hotel is the parking.We drove there and the underground car park at the hotel soon fills up (especially if there is a wedding reception on).Finding an alternative place to park is not easy. To be fair this problem only happened once (a Saturday) but something to be aware of if you are going by car.The staff in all areas are friendly and helpful and the food is very good.We shall certainly stay there again when next in London.	
May 29 2007 	Love It!	I absolutely LOVED the Crown Moran Hotel. It's immaculately clean, very relaxing and the facilites are great. The breakfast is the 'Full Irish' which is so much more than other hotels. The bar is relaxing and comfortable and the hotel restaurant - The King Sitric is fab (though a little on the pricey side). Okay, so the area isn't exactly Knightbridge but the transfort links into the city are fast and frequent so no complaints. I would definitely recommend this hotel and will be staying there again on my next visit.	
May 28 2007 	Fantastic Hotel worth the distance out of the centre	We only stayed one night, pior to me attending a conference, I chose it as it had good reviews, we got a good price (£86 B&amp;B) and we sort of knew Cricklewood anyway. Yes it is out of the centre, a maximum of 45 minutes at peak time on the bus, but this hotel is lovely. I wished we could have stayed for the remainder of our trip (it was booked so we stayed in the Holiday Inn Regents Park for the next couple of nights). The area is not unsafe, it is real London, not the one normally on show to tourists. Plus it provides a whole host of takeaways and food outlets should you want themThe staff were friendly, the room and bathroom were comfortable, classy and huge. The room had a large double bed plus a single bed in it. The shower was powerful and hot, the bath big enough for two.We had room service which was fab, not mega expensive (a big bowl of soup with doorsteps of bread was £5) and no surcharges.The breakfast was filling and hot, the breakfast buffet seemed to provide everything for those not wanting the Irish breakfast. We never used the leisure facilities, but they looked lovely. In fact the only problem we encountered was the plug sockets being so flush/close to skirting boards/desks my Nokia charger would not fit, so the staff offered to lock it away behind reception over night and charge it for me. I really wished we could have stayed longer and will return to this hotel.	
May 27 2007 	Great hotel but a trek to get there	I stayed here on business for 2 days because I couldn't get a hotel in central london because of the Chelsea flower show. The hotel is great. The major plus points for me were really friendly welcoming staff, good breakfast and the restaurant in the evening was great. The rooms themselves are very large by London standards and finished to a very high standard. There's a large safe big enough to stow a laptop which is a good measure of a decent hotel aimed at business guests and the bathtowels are actually bath towel sized and not tiny as you usually find. On the downside - the location isn't ideal - it's a trek out on the jubilee line and then a 10 minute walk to either Willesden Green or Kilburn tube stations. I do however think the quality of the hotel for the price you are paying more than makes up for this.Other things which i noticed which let the hotel down - not enough staff on reception or in the breakfast room so it took ages to check in and then about 20 minutes to get served in the morning at breakfast. For a hotel of this standard I was very surprised that each of the rooms didn't have it's own iron and ironing board and blankets instead of quilts - strikes me as a bit of an old fashioned approach in that respect.	
May 14 2007 	Fantastic wedding reception!	We had a fantastic wedding reception at the Crown Moran on 14th April. Our wedding was the best day of our lives and the Crown Moran played a key role in that!As we were planning our wedding, the staff were always friendly and professional, and the hotel offers great value for money in relation to many other London hotels. On the day the food was fresh and delicious, the room and decor was perfect and the staff were professional yet relaxed. Our guests commented on how nice the hotel is, the rooms are confortable and welcoming and in the morning the kids went swimming in the pool! Cate and Simon Jolley	
May 14 2007 	Loved this hotel	I booked a 3 night stay at this hotel in the last weekend of April.All the staff were helpful and polite. Both the restaurant food and the pub food were of high quality. Room service was very good and not as expensive as some hotels i have stayed in, this was particularly useful after coming back from a concert and wanting food at 10.45pm.We made use of the swimming pool every morning and usually it was empty and there was a good supply of clean towels.The room itself was very nice and clean and the bed was comfortable. The room was very quiet even though it is an urban location and the room temperature coulsd easily be controlled with the air system.It was about a 10min walk to the Wilsden Green tube station and i would recommend using this tube station as it is slightly closer to the hotel and a more pleasant walk (not uphill!).	
May 14 2007 	Lovely 	I had the pleasure of staying at the Crown Moran for my cousin's wedding. The small banquet room was a beautiful location for the reception and the hotel was the perfect place to stay for all of the wedding guests. The rooms are clean, comfortable and spacious with an aesthetic, modern decor. The hotel staff was obliging and courteous to all of our needs, not to mention very helpful in preparing to host the wedding reception. Although the hotel is not located in central (Zone 1) London, public transportation is readily accessible. There are a number of bus stops on the main road where the hotel is located and access to the tube is only a 10 minute walk. Check out the Location tab on the hotel's official website for more information.	
Apr 12 2007 	Great value with parking too but a little bit of a trek	Our two-night stay at the Crown Moran this Easter was very comfortable and, thanks to booking through laterooms.com exceptionally cheap (we paid GBP 79 per night, including breakfast and parking).The room was comfortable and spotless, so full marks there. There was a kettle and some tea-making equipment, though it was hidden away. There's a pool and a fitness centre, which was deserted when we tried it first thing in the morning, though the pool and hot-tub were a little cloudy (possibly over-chlorinated).Breakfast was pretty good, especially given that it's included in the price (see picture of the Irish breakfast). The buffet breakfast looked dire though and the selection very poor, so the full lard is the one to go for. There's complementary newspapers (I spotted the Irish Indie and the Daily Diana ... I mean the Daily Express).The hotel is around a 15 minute walk, or a short bus ride from the Jubilee line, so it's not the best located hotel for the Tube. That said, it is also around 5-10 minutes drive from the North Circular and around 15 minutes from the end of the A1/M1, so combined with the free parking, it could be very convenient if you're driving to London. There is supposedly a GBP 20 per night parking fee, but the hotel didn't charge us this.	
Jan 20 2007	Great Hotel	Decided to book a couple of nights at this hotel on the basis of Trip Advisor reviews. Proved to be an excellent choice and would endorse all the good comments. Beautiful modern hotel in a slightly run down area of the city but felt perfectly safe during our entire stay. Room was a decent size with lovely bathroom and was spotlessly clean.Choice of meals at reasonable prices in restaurant or adjoining Crown pub. Good choice at breakfast served by lovely helpful staff.A little far out of central London but served by excellent bus services right outside door. Highly recommended.	
Jan 9 2007	Well recommended for value 	An excellent 4 star hotel with an Irish twist. Hard to find better value in London. Hotel has superb restaurant, bars and lovely health club. Booked on company web site. Located on busy bus route and 5 mins from Jubilee line. Well recommended. Second time I have stayed here, and the hotel is as impressive as first visit.	
Nov 8 2006 	Recommend this lovely hotel	My wife and I only booked in for one night early in November, we had a theatre weekend and sight seeing planned for the couple of days in London.The hotel is a brisk 15-20 minute walk from Kilburn station (out of the station turning left and straight up Cricklewood Broadway and the hotel is after a Mcdonalds on your right). The area seemed quite mixed, I would say a typical inner city London area with numerous eateries and shops from a wide variety of different countries. As well as the tube, we did manage to get on the bus (the 189) a few times that took us right into the heart of Oxford Circus, this bus journey cost us £1.50. The bus stop was right outside the hotel and was a 24 hour bus for any late returners. With London traffic it took between 20-40 minutes to get into the 'real' centre on the bus. We didn't know about it then but we could have flagged down a 189 to take us from Kilburn tube station to the hotel, but then we know for next time. As for the hotel, we thought the rooms were very clean, modern, and very spacious. The bed was nice and comfortable with adjustable heating in the room. The bathroom was awesome, lovely decoration with modern tiling and you could hear the TV stations via a speaker, whilst showering! The staff all seemed friendly and helpful. Breakfast was great, we ordered a full cooked Irish breakfast, which also entitled you to choose from the continental breakfast. We ate as much as we could as it was all lovely!Our only gripe was that the ladies changing room in the leisure centre was closed for maintenance, which was fair enough. The ladies were directed to use the disabled facilities but they were being decorated so were not as clean as they should be. Also, only one person could get changed at once in there. The jacuzzi was closed for maintenance too, and the pool was a bit chilly. To be fair we got a good deal on the room and we wonder if the price was lower because it is the time of year they have to do the maintenance? It didn't spoil anything for us as we loved this hotel and would love to stay there again.Would highly recommend, as without doubt it was the best hotel we've stayed in!Kate and Andrew, Lincoln, England (which btw is another lovely place to visit)	
Nov 5 2006 	Birthday treat	Booking this hotel was very easy and the staff was very warm and friendly. There was three of us so we stayed in a triple room at the back of the hotel. The room was nice with all the features they stated on the website, although our room did not have a mini bar. The room was very spacious and the beds were comfortable. The bathroom was fantastic (very modern and clean) and they provide toiletries for your stay. We ordered room service which was served on time by friendly waiters, breakfast was excellent because there was a good choice and the food tasted good. Nothing was too much trouble for the staff which was wonderful as I took my mum there for her birthday. The leisure facilities are excellent and at 4pm there was no one there so we had the gym and pool to ourself although you can be overlooked in the pool by guest in the hotel via some of the rooms as the pool had a glass roof. The only downside we had to ask for coffee cups etc. for the third person which should have been in the room as it was a triple room but they sorted it out quickly. Also the view from our room was facing the back of Iceland's car park but it was to be excepted as Cricklewood is not a scenic place. All three of us enjoyed our stay at the hotel and if we can afford it again would definatley go back.	
Sep 1 2006 	Great hotel	This hotel is perhaps the best hotel for the price in London. Although the area may not be the best in london, it is defiantly safe, even late at night, and is close to the underground. (zone 2) The area where the hotel is located, is on the largest street in Cricklewood, thus probally being the safest. Book your room through Expedia and you will save a large amount as well as getting a full breakfast.Will defiantly go to stay again.	
Aug 26 2006 	Beautiful Hotel	We found this hotel to be excellent. The room was very large and bright and very well laid out. We were in the new rooms with a corner view and we had 2 large windows overlooking the Main Street. The room and bathroom were spotless clean and the shower was excellent.There are a number of different areas in the one very large building that is the pub, you have your noisy social scene and the very quite cosy corner’s with plush leather seats, perfect for a relaxing afternoon.The area is typical London, a mix of cultures all providing shops, pubs and restaurants to suit different tastes. No shortage of good places to eat and drink on your doorstep.There are very frequent busses right outside the hotel to take you into the city or there are 2 tube stations. Kilburn Tube station in about an 8 minute walk from the hotel, I would recommend walking if possible or you can get a bus £1.50 for a 2 min ride! The tube to Bond St is about 15 minutes. We enjoyed our stay in The Crown Moran Hotel and look forward to coming back..	
Aug 25 2006 	First Class Hotel	I have stayed in some of the top hotels in London. But to me, none of them can compare against the Crown. The Hotel has been built in such a way that the guests comfort are first and foremost. The staff are so attentive, that you really don't have time to ask for anything when there they are, ensuring that everything is OK. The rooms are comfartable, spacious, and decorated in a comforting design that helps you relax. The food, well, I can't comment enough on the food, the meals are mouthewateringly delicious, and cooked with care and attention. Admittedley, as a previous review said, breakfast does get a litlle bit hectic, but if you relax and take your time to enjoy, then you will find that it is actually very good.Yes the hotel is situated in quite a grotty area of North London, but your 5 mins from staples corner, a secure carpark under the hotel, and a bus-stop outside that will bring you straight into the west end within 20min - what more can you ask for?I know that I will personally be returnning to this hotel time and time again, whenver I feel the need for a bit of luxury and pampering.	
Aug 21 2006 	No Jewel in the Crown	Situated in a very rough part of London this Hotel looks good at first. Unfortunately the service is poor, the management are rude and the food is truly awful. Breakfast was cold and there is a very &quot;make-do&quot; approach to what tend to be expensive meals. If they don't have the ingredients for the item you've ordered they'll throw out anything. Don't expect an apology if you complain.	
Aug 3 2006 	Great Hotel in OK location	Stayed three nights with two other ladies for 4th of July weekend. About a 15-20 minute walk form the the nearest subway station, which was a little unexpected but fine. Beautiful hotel, great accomodation but on a not so nice strip of restaurants and shops. (Would not feel safe walking at night but was fine during the day). Restaurant/bar connected to hotel had great food. Bus stop right out door. Room was very clean, great bathroom and the staff was friendly and helpful. AC was a blessing, since we were there during a heatwave.	
Jul 31 2006 	Nice modern hotel	We chose this hotel as we were visiting friends in the area, which is not rough, just an ordinary London area, which meant I could run across the road and get a kebab at midnight - lovely. It is built onto the side of an old pub, which is always handy. Public transport in London is straight forward, a 20 minute walk to Kelburn tube station, or 5 minutes down the hill on any bus. Breakfast was very good, though the &quot;full Irish breakfast&quot; fry-up was a bit disappointing compared to what I've had anytime I've been in Ireland.Good wee hotel for a short stay in London.	
Jul 26 2006 	Great hotel - Not convenient	The hotel is excellent. Nice rooms, good staff, 4 pubs - one that is open all night to registered guests only. Pool, hot tub, sauna - you don't get that in most European hotels at these rates. The only drawback to the whole thing is the trip into central London. The best way, we found, was to get a weekly travel pass for the buses and subway - jump on the bus just outside the hotel (they come every couple of minutes) - jump off at the first underground stop (about 5 mins), then take the subway into town. About 30 mins from hotel to the Thames. Not bad, but after a few days, it gets a little tedious. Lots of places to eat nearby, pub food was good, and forget what anyone says about the neighborhood not being the best. It's typical London suburb which may be a little different than what people expect. There was no problems, people were friendly, and felt safe at all times. Would I stay there again? Yes - if the focus was not to be in downtown. For that, we'd get a place a little closer.	
Jul 6 2006	Recommended!	My wife and I stayed 4 nights at the Crown for a pleasure and leisure stay in London. The hotel was excellent...clean and fresh with decent-sized rooms, friendly service, beautiful pool and roomy gym. We have previously stayed in central or West London where the same price gets you a cramped room, measly facilities and a skimpy breakfast, so this place was a real haven. The distance from the centre was no real inconvenience. You get a bus from the hotel to Kilburn, and tube the rest of the way, or you stay on the bus and enjoy the adventure. As regards the area, I am English and have lived in areas such as this, mostly as a student, so it felt homely. The local pubs and shops are colourful and a welcome change from the expensive city centre. I think the crime risk was about the same as back home in Västerås, Sweden.Another point about the location....if you're arriving at Luton Airport you can get the train from there to Cricklewood. The hotel is 5 minutes walk round the corner from the station, so no need to travel into the centre and get the tube back out again.	
May 29 2006	Great find	My daughter and I have just returned from a three-day stay at the Crown Moran hotel.We had read many positive reviews on this site and that's why we decided to stay at the hotel. We arrived at Stansted Airport and went to the hotel by bus. First a National Express service to Golders Green and then a London Transport bus that got us straigh to the hotel.At Golders Green we bought a bus pass that served us well for the days to come.Any bus that stops in front of the hotel will take you to Kilburn Station (Underground) and Brondesbury Station (Silverlink Railway) in about five minutes. Silverlink will take you to Hampstead Heath (about ten minutes) and Kew Gardens (about 25 minutes). If you also want to visit these terrific places, make sure you get a pass for the appropriate zones. Off-peak hours will get you a great deal. Serious shopping can be done at the Brent Cross Mall, also easy to reach on the bus. Takes only about ten minutes.We've been to London many times and spent a lot of money on hotels that weren 't so good. The Crown Moran is worth every pound that you spend on it. But make sure you do a bit of homework before you go. The London transport system has an excellent website.Our room was spacious for a European hotel room, spotlessly clean, and the bathroom was really nice. Breakfast was made to order. We didn't find the neighbourhood to be &quot;rough&quot; at all. Ethnic maybe, but isn't that part of the fun of travelling : seeing how other people live.	
May 21 2006	Great hotel	After reading the reviews on tripadvisor decided to stay at Crown Moran.As other reviews have stated the area is quite ethnic but never felt unsafe at any time.Bus right outside hotel which takes you right into the centre of London.We have stayed in many major cities and this hotel rates right up there with the best of them. It felt like an oasis after a long day touring London.Found staff very helpful and breakfast excellent. Would not hesitate to recommend to friends and would certainly return again if ever visiting London.	
May 16 2006 	Nice but average and far from the city centre	Reviewers complaining about the area are totally over the top - there is no danger at any time. It is a lively neighbourhood, perhaps a bit rought for some, but not at all dangerous. The hotel itself is ok, but nothing really new. The old part of the hotel has been nicely refurbished with a pub and meeting area upstairs. The rooms in the new building are rather average, not enough plugs for a business traveller with chargers, adaptors etc. Overall quite expensive keeping in mind that it is not central London!	
May 15 2006	Great little hotel!	We stayed in the crown moran for two nights over a weekend. It is a lovely bright and airy hotel with friendly staff.Our room was big, for the two of us there was one single bed and a double bed and you could hear the radio and TV in the bathroom, which I was delighted with!Breakfast was great - full cooked breakfast included within the price. The leisure facilities were great. Pool was small, but lovely and I had it all to myself one morning. The gym is modern and well equipped. As other reviewers have said, the only downside is the location and its proximity to the tube. It was a good 20 minute walk but you can get a bus straight down the high street. The area is a little outside central London. However, I would rather stay in a lovely hotel just outside central London than stay in a not so nice hotel in the centre. It depends what you want. The area is ethnic, but so are many other areas of London, thats waht you get in a cosmopolitan city. We never felt threatened. I would definitely stay here again!	
Jan 30 2006	Great Hotel	This is the nicest hotel at which I have stayed in the UK. True, it is a bit far out from the City Center, but it is worth it. The breakfast was great. There is a continental type breakfast laid out. But you may order a hot breakfast from the waitress. Everything great. Fresh squeezed orange juice. Dinner was just so-so. Rooms were great. Clean. Staff couldn't do enough to be helpful.Neighborhood is ethnic....not a slum. Bus stops a front door, a few minutes to tube, then only 15 mins to downtown. Buy all day pass for tube for zones 1 and 2, only GBP4.90 gives unlimited use of tube and buses (get at tube station). Hair dryer in dresser drawer.	
Jan 25 2006 	Great Hotel not so great loaction	The hotel itself was fantastic. Once of the nicest hotels I've stayed in while in London. Rooms were large and stylish. The bathroon has very nice fixtures. Breakfast was very good.The only downside is the location. As others have said the neighbood is a bit dodgy (rough). Also, it is not close to the tube, you need to take a 10 minute bus rids just to get to the tube.	
Jan 21 2006	Absolutely fabulous	This little known hotel was off the beaten track, but well worth the booking. We looked for a hotel that was less expensive than those within the city limits of London. This hotel was clean, modern, spacious, and generous with its breakfast which was included in the price. The cost of the room was considerably lower than those within the city itself. The area was safe and just a #16 bus ride to the center of London. The rooms were newly renovated and service excellent. The staff seemed helpful and friendly. I look forward to staying there again if I travel to England in the future.	
Jan 17 2006	Maybe it's because my husband grew up in NYC...	but we thought this place was great, and didn't have any trouble with the neighborhood. I must have a completely different idea of slums than the average person. The hotel is definately a little out of the way, but a bus can pick you up in front of the hotel and take you maybe a bit down the road to the tube station, and be anywhere you want in no time.The actual street is nothing terrible - lots of little ethnic restaurants, internet cafes, hole in the wall joints - but I never felt unsafe walking around there, any more than I would have in Daytona Beach at night. I did notice that the whole area just shuts down after a certain point - we ate at the same Lebonese place three times because they were the only ones open when we got back.The hotel itself was great, as everyone else who reviewed the place says. Was very new, the breakfasts were cooked to order and delicious. Room service was prompt, polite, and served hot from the restaurant downstairs. Smoking was allowed indoors, which was strange to me (how quickly we adjust) but it wasn't a problem - high ceilings allowed for lots of ventilation. Also, the bathroom in our room was larger than any I've had in Europe - ever. It was huge, and completely spotless. The door on the shower was poorly designed, but definately not a dealbreaker.The staff was excellent, and the price was unbeatable. We'll likely not stay anywhere else in London till we can afford the InterContinental =) Calling it above average not because anything was done wrong, but because I don't want people to think it was a 5 star place. It was great - but there was smoke in the air, and you actually saw cleaning people, and while polite, the staff was not there to cater just to you. You'll really enjoy it if you don't go with too grand of expectations.	
Jan 14 2006	Highly Recommended	My wife and I stayed in the Crown Moran Hotel for two nights from 12/1/06-14/1/06, we found the hotel very clean and the rooms were the largest we've ever had in London. We ate in the hotel one evening from their special £5 a course menu and the food was excellent. The leisure centre has a pool, jaccuzi &amp; sauna, when we went it was deserted so we had it all to ourselves.As to previous reviews stating that the hotel is in the slums and that they were afraid to be out after dark? Where do these people come from, this part of London is not the most up-market but it is hardly a slum. If they were terrified to walk at night they could have caught a bus (they stop directly outside the hotel) to Oxford Street where perhaps it might not be so scary for them?	
Jan 10 2006	Good facilities but too far out of town	Stayed at the Crown Moran for a wedding anniversary weekend in June 2005. The facilities were clean and modern. The bathroom was large with a good shower and a bath. The bed was comfortable although the room was very hot and the aircon was not very effective. Opening the window let in the street noise. The area is OK but it is definitely an inner-city area. We did not feel that safe coming back late at night after the theatre although nothing happened. The main drawback is the time it takes to get to the tourist areas - factor in an average 40 mins (ie waiting for bus, bus not being full, traffic jams, connections to get to destination). Staff were polite but not very friendly or helpful (mostly Eastern European). Dinner in the restaurant was indifferent. When we stayed the hotel hosted a local wedding - it's ideal for this type of function- so bank on it being noisy on a Saturday night with people coming back late to their rooms and partying into the night. There is nothing the management can do about this since the hotel will be full and the wedding party are the big spenders. Best part is the pool although the security down in that part of the hotel is very weak (male wedding guests were wandering around in the female changing rooms) and I did not feel safe swimming alone.	
Jan 3 2006	This hotel is in the middle of the slums.	The hotel itself is nice. As noted in many of the reviews, it is a little outside of London, which is okay. What is not okay is that this hotel is in a very bad part of London.Someone in a prior review described the neighborhood as a &quot;working class&quot; neighborhood. I think &quot;slum&quot; is a more accurate description. The fact of the matter is that I did not feel safe walking down the street at night with my girlfriend. She has relatives that live in London, and upon finding out what part of town we were in, her uncle told us to change hotels because he would not want his kids staying in that part of town. I found it ironic that on the flight home, my girlfriend was flipping through a magazine, and some celebrity being interviewed mentioned that he use to live in Cricklewood (i.e., the neighborhood where the Crown Moran in located) and how crappy it was/is.We moved to a hotel in Swiss Cottage. I really liked it there, as you are only a few tube stops from the city center, the area is nice, and you can get out of the hustle and bustle of the city at the end of the day.	
Dec 16 2005	Excellent hotel!	We arrived at Crown Moran in the afternoon on the 10th of december and stayed there for three nights. The room and the lobby was just like in the pictures. Lots of light, comfortable, fresh, modern and spotless clean. Someone has remarked in his or her review that the hotel lacks atmosphere. This isn't true. But it has a more sober, classy kind of amosphere, and personally I quite enjoyed staying in a modern environment with lots of light in contrast to all the restaurants, castles and museums that we visited on this trip. In the evenings guests come and sit by the tables in the lobby and talk. It's relaxed and friendly.The pub, The Crown, is quite popular on a Saturday night, we discovered, and quite noisy too to say the least. We were pleasantly surprised to find that none of the noisyness could be heard from our not too far away room in the inner part of the building. Not even the beat of the bass! The bathroom was clean and the bathtub huge. It had handles in it and some kind of surfice in the bottom to keep one from slipping. I imagine that's valuably information for elderly or disabled visitors. Visitors from Sweden will be happy to know that both bathtub/shower and sink has mixer taps (sw. &quot;blandare&quot;) wich is otherwise rarely seen in Britain. No danger, therefore, of being scaulded in the shower! To reach some of the most popular attractions you may take the bus all the way (the bus stop is right outside the hotel entrance) or change to the subway at Kilburn station. Yes, it will take a few minutes to reach your destination, but London is a very large city afterall, and even if you lived at Piccadilly Circus you would have to take a taxi, bus or the tube at some point. It all depends on where you're going. Some attractions, like the beautiful Kenwood House, is quite nearby actually.Irish hot breakfast, like scrambled eggs, bacon and toast, is served at the table in the restaurant (they come and ask you what you would like) and then there is continental breakfast (cereal, yogurt, boiled eggs etc) on a buffet table. It's also possible to have breakfast served in your room for an extra change of I think it was 4 or 5 pounds. One thing I especially liked with the restaurant was that there is a window where you can look into the kitchen. I think that really shows you they have nothing to hide.I recommend this hotel!	
Dec 9 2005	Too far from centre of London	This hotel was very modern but it lacked any atmosphere.The Crown pub next door serves bar food but children were not allowed in in the evening.Food and service were average.Would not reccomend this hotel if you are in London for a short stay. It takes too long to travel to the centre.On plus side the bedrooms were clean and comfortable.	
Nov 21 2005 	Superior Hotel	On reading some of your tripadvisor reviews I booked into the Crown Moran on my recent visit to London. I was delighted with my choice. The hotel is lovely, clean and modern and is only a 20 minutes from the hustle and bustle of the city centre. The bedroom accommodation was spacious, the staff were very friendly and the bar staff made you feel welcome. The experience of staying here compensated for the short time travel to the north of the city. The cost of the stay was exceptionally good value (which included breakfast) considering the more expensive city central hotels which sometimes provided a poorer service in my experience while visting London. Definitely this is a superior hotel and I have no problem in recommending it to others.	
Nov 10 2005	Close to London and very quietl	We stayed in London for one week at the Crown Moran Hotel. The hotel was very nice and the staff very helpful. For a Hotel in London, the room was quite big and similar in size to any superior class North American hotel. The added bonus was the swimming pool which is quite uncommon for a Hotel in London. We found the Hotel to be very close to the major tourism location in London by using the Tube (15 to 20 minutes). The breakfast which was included was quite good with a choice of buffet with fruit/ yogurt and cereal or/and typical English breakfast with the best fried black pudding I have tasted. We had supper a few nights at the Hotel and the food was very good and not to expensive especially during the week since they had a special deal. Also, adjacent to the hotel was a very nice English pub where you can eat a light lunch and drink very good English beer. Finally, the room rates were one of the lowest for the quality we were able to find on Expedia. I would recommend this Hotel to anyone planning a trip to London.	
Nov 10 2005	HIghly Recommended!	My Husband, Mother-in-law and I just returned from staying at the Crown Moran Hotel in London for 6 nights and we had an excellent stay! The rooms were new, clean, and high quality. The service of the hotel staff and in their restaurant was wonderful. I read a review that said it was too far from the action and that is absolutely not true! The hotel is just a 10 minute walk from the Kilburn Station on the Jubilee line, which is one of the nicer Underground lines. The hotel is located in an ethnic residential neighborhood and by no means did we ever feel unsafe as the other reviewer noted. That reviewer must not be familiar with city living or travel. There is a grocery store next to the hotel and the hotel has many nice amenities. I found a very reasonable rate on Expedia and the full cooked breakfast that's included in your stay makes it a great deal. I will definitely stay there the next time I go to London.	
Nov 10 2005	Excellent Hotel	Ive just returned from my 1st anniversary at the crown moran which i stayed at for 3 nights.We had a brilliant experience.The checkin was very quick and the staff were very helpful and friendly.The hotel is excellent value and the parking the is £20 for as long as you stay which is also good value.It is a bit out of town but just go on the 189 bus which comes every few minutes outside the hotel and it takes 20 minutes to get to oxford street.The rooms are clean and more spacious than hotels closer to the centre of london and the lobby really is beautifully decorated.Also the restaurant by the hotel is of a very good quality.I cannot recommend this hotel enough!	
Nov 9 2005	Lovely hotelfriendly staff and great value	Room was big.Bed was comfy.Bathroom was clean and has a nice bath-tub.Staff was friendly.I was a bit under the weather and I slept in one day.The front desk phoned me to see if there was anything I needed.Breakfast was excellent.Having just travelled in France and tasted continental breakfast,it was really nice to have sausage and egg for a change.It came with black and white Irish pudding.I had never had them before but they were quite good.There was buffet table with juices and cereals,etc.It had a gym,a pool and a jacuzzi.Too much chlorine was put in the jacuzzi and it started foaming.London hotels are the most expensive in Europe but this hotel is reasonably priced.The trade-off may be the location.With luggage,it is impossibe to walk there from the tube.It is crucial to take the bus which stops in front of the hotel.The ride is about 15 minutes.Also,it takes about half an hour to get to downtown London on the tube.I would rather have the savings and stay at this lovely hotel.	
Nov 2 2005 	lovely but remote	stayed one night early november - very nice room and bathroom - clean, tidy, well equipped - facilities excellent for price - had pool and hot tub to myself - excellent full irish breakfast - good price via hotel website - only problem is position of hotel - difficult to recommend to anyone if you plan to spend time in central london as it really is a bit far out and not situated in the nicest area - still, well worth the money if you dont mind a bit of travelling	
Oct 24 2005	Not so good!	Husband and I just back from a week in London. We spent one night at the Crown Moran Hotel and then decided to check-out and go elsewhere. Yes it is a very beautiful hotel and looks just like the pictures posted on this board. The problem is and I was warned by several people on this very reveiw board - the hotel is just way way way out there. It is not near anything in the city of London. The area I am sorry is really bad, almost depressing to look at it and to walk around. You would never believe your in England. When I travel I don't want to spend my whole day on the train or bus to get to where all the sights are. You will eat up half your day just trying to get to and from this hotel! It is not near anything! Yes I agree the price is ok but it is like the old saying goes...you get what you pay for. The rooms were large and the bathroom nice. We did have a room on the front of the hotel which was impossible to sleep at night as it is very noisy from the street below. I think getting ice cubes in England is a problem. To get a bucket of ice in your room for drinks etc. the hotel charges $5.00 which I found to be a bit tacky! The Staff at the hotel was a bit cold and unfriendly. Maybe a bad day for them - who knows. But new visitors to England they were not very warm and friendly. They have no desk or anything set up in the lobby to tell you about tours to do in England, no maps, no information on the tube, bus, plays - nothing! You are own your own in this hotel. Again a very pretty hotel but if you are first time visitors to England this is not the spot for you. You will spend your day on the tube or bus trying to get anywhere. The hotel is too far out of town and not close to anything. So we checked out and our cab driver took us to a tiny little bed and breakfast place called the Park International Hotel located in Keningston. Wonderful. I will write a review for that hotel on this board. It cost us about $70.00 a night with a full breakfast. Wonderful, clean, bright and a good location where you can walk to almost anything. So if you are thinking about this hotel....remember...you will spend your day on the tube trying to get to and from this hotel. It is a shame as it is really beautiful but location is really bad! Also the breakfast included with the Crown Moran was really sad. No eggs, bacon or sausage. Just a few hard rolls thrown out, had to ask for butter, some cold-cuts, juice - that is is! Big disappointment. So hope this helps. Good luck and happy travels to all!	
Oct 21 2005	The best deal in London	I travel to London about 12 times per year and during my travels I have stayed in some big time dumps. London is a fun city but to be honest the hotel standards are way below those of other cities in Europe. Most rooms in London are filthy, small and grossly overpriced. The Crown Moran is a fabulous piece of paradise situated just a few train or tube stops form the heart of London. The rooms are generous in size, extremely clean, and the hotel staff is first rate. In addition, the site has 5 pubs and bars for your entertainment, as well as an excellent restaurant. Don't be put off by the working class neighborhood ... this hotel is first rate, and the prices are fantastic. Easy to get to from the Luton Airport (the recently upgraded Luton Airport!) .. this hotel is a gem!!	
Oct 5 2005	Excellent stylish hotel	This hotel is fab, when you walk in it looks great, the rooms are lovely and the pub is great.Lovely breakfast. Only stayed here one night but would love to go back. Would definitely recomeend to anyone staying in London who is happy to stay just outside central london	
Oct 5 2005	Great small hotel	My husband &amp; I booked the Crown Moran after comparing prices and reviews on Trip Advisor and were very pleased. It's great value for the money. The breakfast is the best we received while in the UK and the service people were very helpful. We hopped the # 16 bus each morning which took us to the Marble Arch and you can pick up a bus to any city section from there. The neighborhood is almost exclusively Middle Eastern so most of the restaurants are also Middle Eastern, with a few Thai and phony fish and chip shops. We either ate in the hotel, where the food was very good, or ate in London before returning at night. One caution: if you aren't used to very high bathtub sides, be careful. I took a pretty bad fall through misjudging the distance when I got out.	
Oct 3 2005	Wonderful stay	Stayed at the Crown Moran for 3 days in September. Wonderful place. A little bit away from the city center, but very well connected by bus and tube. Getting around is not a problem. Lots of little restaurants around the hotel as well. The staff was very helpful and the rooms were nice and well appointed. Great water pressure in the showers. We had a good deal through hotels and it included a nice breakfast as well. Would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 31 2005	London's newest friendliest and most liveliest hotel	On a recent visit in July 2005 to London I decided to check out the new Crown Moran Hotel in northwest of the city at Cricklewood as I heard quite good comments about it. I was delighted to find these assessments very true indeed. The 4 star hotel is very modern, air-conditioned and has spacious bedrooms. The reception area is huge and relaxing. A dip in the clean and warm pool relieved the stresses of my travel. Eating in the restaurant was most enjoyable. Facilities generally were superb accept there was no ironing board in my room, although I believe that it is available in almost all rooms. However, they did provide one on request.Since this is an Irish managed hotel I had expected the enterainment would be lively. I wasn't disappointed as both the public and resident's bars were packed to capacity on the weekend nights. It attracts all age groups who mingled together. The hotel has a large disco and dance facilities. Whatever your age you will enjoy the experience. The bedroom area is quiet and is unaffected by the entertainment quarters.Finally, what made the most impression was the hotel's exceptionally friendly staff. I would have no hestitation in recommending the hotel business or pleasure customers.	
Aug 30 2005	Wonderful	I share in the praise of this wonderful hotel. Although it's a fifteen minute Tube ride from the sight seeing attractions, it was an ideal location for us. We work in New York City, and London is similar in many ways.In addition to all the good things said by other reviewers, I would like to say that the pool and sauna were fantastic. We had a lovely departure meal, with live music, in the hotel restaurant, and I can only say good things about the staff. One feature which I thought was cute, but very efficient, was notice of a telephone call on the TV screen in the room. Also, Fabiano, the concierge, was extremely helpful.The Crown Moran was terrific! We'd love to stay there again.	
Aug 28 2005	Crown Moran met all expectations!!	We just returend from staying a week at the Crown Moran. The service and staff were friendly and professional. We had a triple room that was spacious and well decorated and very clean. Although it is not centrally located it was easy to get to into the center of London by taking a bus that stopped just outside the hotel (189,32,16) to the Kilburn Underground station. I would suggest getting a travel card as it was very helpful being able to jump on and of buses and the underground all week. There are not any real nice restaurants in the area but we did enjoy eating in several of the local pubs. We enjoed our stay at the Crown Moran and would return their in the future.	
Aug 22 2005	Perfect wedding reception	We had our wedding reception at the Crown Moran Hotel on 29 July, and we can't recommend it highly enough. The staff were excellent. In particular, the events managers and Chef were great in the planning stages, and on the day the whole team worked together with exemplary warmth and professionalism to make sure everything went perfectly. The hotel itself is very smart, stylish, clean and spacious. The reception room comfortably seated our 80 guests, and the mezzanine area was a great place to have our welcome drinks with the grand piano providing the tunes. We have received so much praise from our guests about the quality of the food, the staff and the hotel - and the guests who stayed overnight were very impressed with the rooms. We also found that the prices compared very favourably with the competition. We looked at many venues in North London, and the Crown beat the competition by a mile in every regard. If you have your wedding here you will have a fantastic day.	
Aug 19 2005	absolultely loved the crown moran	Our family visited London for the first time. We booked the hotel through expedia. When we visit London again ,and Ireland the only place I will stay is the Crown Moran. The staff was excellent. They answered my many questions and assisted by arranging taxis whenever needed. The hotel was exceptionally clean and beautiful.	
Aug 17 2005	Loved It!		
Aug 15 2005	A GREAT HOTEL - WE LOVED TO STAY HERE !!!!!!!!		
Jul 25 2005	best buy in a London hotel and great location		
Jun 7 2005	Excellent return visit		
Jun 1 2005	Excellent choice		
Mar 23 2005	Home away from home		
Mar 9 2005	Great hotel		
Feb 26 2005	Forget the west end 		
Jan 24 2005	Fantastic Hotel!		
Sep 9 2004	happy surprise!		
Sep 9 2004	Heel mooi hotel		
Nov 20 2009 	super Hotel		
Nov 5 2009 	Schönes Hotel mit kleinen Macken		
Aug 13 2009 	Muy buen hotel		
Aug 2 2009 	Traumhafte aber ruhige Lage in Zentrumnähe. Alles TIPTOP!		
Apr 22 2009	Sehr zu empfehlen - nicht zentral aber verkehrstechnisch hervorragend angebunden		
Jan 28 2009 	Il Crown Moran Hotel e' fantastico		
Jul 28 2008 	Séjour très agréable		
Jul 24 2008 	Unser Hotel für London!		
Mar 21 2008 	Gutes Hotel mit gutem irischen Frühstück und meist freundlichem Personal		
