Nov 6 2009 	Comfortable room but train noise	I stayed here for 1 night, 3 floor by lift.. and then got out and had to walk up a flight of stairs to my room.. on the 4th! didn't quite make sense. The room was certainly very small, bathroom was absolutely tiny and you needed to back in towards the toilet as no room to even swing a cat! The shower was cramped!!The train noise was certainly noticeable, but as i was out until gone midnight i only really noticed it early in the morning!The breakfast was ok, plenty of toast, juice, cereals, yogurts and i liked the idea of complimentary drinks throughout the day. If you came back you could help youself to the machine. The downside was paying £1 for each item of lugguage that you wanted to store while you went out shopping on the day of your departure - it's another way for them to make money - but i'd recommend another hotel that doesn't charge and you get a hot breakfast!!Out of 10 i'd give this place 6	
Oct 31 2009 	pleasant stay in a great location	we stayed one night in this hotel and had a very pleasant stay. The room was very competitively priced and the location, just up the road from Victoria Coach station, was faultless.We had a triple room on the ground floor with one double bed and one single. The room was spotlessly clean and in good repair. The room was average size for London. Space was a little lacking if you had large suitcases; i could imagine feeling claustrophobic if staying for an extended period but for short stays the room had everything we could want. Although on the ground floor, noise fom outside was not an issue. Some noise did travel within the building, but this was not a problem for us. The room was also really warm. I like it that way but I can see how others may find it overbearing as there is no air con available to cool you down.The bathroom was small but perfectly formed. No individual toiletries were provided however there was a Dove soap dispenser by the sink for washing hands and Lux shower gel dispenser within the shower cubicle. Towels were plentiful but a bit on the small size.There are free tea and coffee facilities in each room. Guests also have free unlimited use of the hot drink machine in the lobby/breakfast area. There is a vending machine too selling a variety of cold bottled drinks. Breakfast was basic but in plentiful supply; pastries, croisants, muffins, cereal, yoghurt , jam and cheese. There is a toaster available so that you can toast bread. My only major complaint is that the food area and seating area would benefit from being bigger as it is rather cosy.Staff were pleasant, friendly and eager to help. After check out we were able to leave our bags until we were ready to catch our coach home. There is a £1 fee per bag left. Upon returning to collect them, one member of staff insisted on helping us to the door with the bags.All things considered, we would definitely stay at this hotel again. For location alone it is worth every penny that we paid.	
Oct 10 2009 	Excellent location	Excellent and cheap choice. Very good service and an excellent location seem to be the main characteristics. Very clean and cosy. Must point out the great breakfast as well	
Oct 8 2009 	Great location and Friendly Staff in London	Stayed here for a couple of days with several friends. We had 4 rooms for the 10 of us. My room was extremely small but was adequate. The other 3 rooms were a little larger. The hotel was very clean but the best part was the staff. They helped us a lot with recommendations on what to do and what order to do it to get the most in during our short stay. We had some problems the last day and one of the staff (might have been the manager) stayed several hours after he was supposed to leave for the day to ensure that all was taken care of. The location of this hotel for sightseeing could not be better. I would stay at this hotel again if in London.	
Sep 26 2009 	Great Location	First off the hotel is about a block off of Buckingham Palace Road on St. Georges Drive but easy to find. I stayed here for two nights as part of my trip to Ireland. Wanted to take a day tour, shop and visit a few museums. The location was excellent, about a block and a half from Victoria Station and less than a block from the tour office and the Easy Bus stop. The hotel was very clean, the staff friendly and helpful and breakfast each morning above average. The room was very small (typical for London) but quite nice and well appointed. Had everything I needed and the internet worked well from my room. I did not hear the train noise that others have mentioned, but I am a rather sound sleeper. The price was not bad for such a central location either. Would definately stay again and would recommend for independent travelers.	
Sep 24 2009	Stop over on way to transatlantic cruise	We stayed at this hotel, there were 90 of us. We, and I mean all 90 of us, cannot say enough about how wonderful and helpful the staff was, they would book side trips for us, and accommadated us in every way.Location was good, within walking distant of many sights, plenty of resturants and shops to chose from, I would stay there again.	
Sep 17 2009 	Great hotel for London Tourists	Close to all you want to see in London.Comfortable rooms and the best staff that you could wish for.If you need to know something ask Abigail or Hussain they will help you find the best places to eat etc.They went out of there way to make our stay very pleasant.I will stay here again for sure.	
Sep 1 2009 	Perfect hotel staff 	Myself &amp; my 15 year old daughter stayed at this hotel from 29th - 31st Aug 09. As budget hotels go this was one of the best i've stayed in. Only a couple of minutes walk from Victoria station, make sure when coming off the tube you head for victoria bus station / Gatwick entrance and ask to be directed to the lift for above level, you need to walk through the bus staion to get to the hotel which is situated on the left hand side of the depot. This is because you have approx 3 other exits which will take you the longer way round to the hotel. Like other reviews regarding lower ground level, i found this to be a perfect location. It was directly situated outside the breakfast room door &amp; down the lift. As for the sewage smell, there was a faint smell but nothing to complain about. All the staff were very helpful &amp; extremely hospitable. I have no complaints at all. Our stay was made pefect and would highly recommend this hotel as nothing was too much trouble. Well done to all the staff &amp; hope to see u again next year!	
Aug 2 2009 	Nice Hotel and 5 Minutes away from Victoria Station	I stayed in this hotel on the 8th December 2008 with my friend for 1 night. The hotel is in a good location and the rooms were very clean. Breakfast is continental and suited us very wellThe only one problem was that there was no hot water at 7.30am in the morning The hotel let us leave our bags and we were very happy that they had them in our room for when we came back - Customer Service was excellent here	
Jul 26 2009 	Be careful of which room you get and what floor it is on	Okay, so this is London and my expectations on budget hotels is low; however, our room had serious issues. The location near Victoria Station was great for us ( I was traveling with my mother and 13 year old son) coming from Gatwick and not wanting to lug our suitcases too far. The other rooms in the hotel may have been perfectly fine, but our room was at lower ground level (aka basement level) and there was an awful sewer smell coming from the floor drain in the bathroom. It was overwhelming by the time we woke up the first morning. I complained at the front desk but there weren't any other triple rooms for us to move to (or so they said). That next night I placed a couple of wet towels over the drain and that helped reduce the smell. Otherwise, the room was clean but miniature. There was just enough room for the beds and we had to be creative about placing our suitcases to be able to move around (there was some jumping over suitcases or jumping over beds to move around). The breakfast consisted of cereal, yogurt, canned fruit cocktail, and bread. There is a coffee machine available to make free coffee type drinks at any hour. I think we would have gotten past the miniature room size and been fairly happy with the hotel if it were not for the sewer smell. So, do not accept a room at the lower ground level (I'm guessing the upper floors would not have this problem) and make the request before arriving.	
Jul 23 2009 	Railroad noise	My self and two friends booked a room with 4 single beds in this hotel, and stayed here for 3 nights. The room was clean and since we ended up with only being two persons (because one got sick, and had to stay at home), the room was spacious. If we had been four persons I assume it would have been a bit crouded. The main problem with our room, was that we could hear all the trains passing by, even with the window shut. This caused us to wake up early every day, since the trains started running quite early. Yes, the location is close to Victory Station, but that is about it. The first evening, we wanted to go to a local English Pub, and I regret to say that there are not many in the close by. The same goes for restaurants.The breakfast room is relative small, so in order for everyone to get some breakfast, the staff ask people to leave as soon as they have finished eating. I saw several times, that people was asked to leave, with still juice and tea / coffee left. So if you like to sit and enjoy your breakfast for a long time, you are in the wrong place. The purpose of our trip was to go shopping. Sad to say, the staff in the reseption did know little about shopping areas in London, and the only place we where suggested to go was to Oxford Street, when we asked them to locate main shopping areas. Maybe it was because the staff was male, but I was surprised that not other areas was suggested as well, since Oxford Street is not the only place to go shopping.	
Jun 25 2009 	Well Pleased	On June 2nd &amp; 4th I was with the Myatt party. We were very pleased with the service thatwe received. The Gen. Mgr. Riyaz Marikar and employee Mr. Hussair was most helpfulin making our visit there very enjoyable. Everything was handle in a friendly and business like manner. We would definately stay at this hotel again. Thanks for goodservice that we received.	
Jun 23 2009 	Location Location Location + Customer Service	This is a nice budget hotel ( it is NOT an elegant, high end hotel ) in a VERY good location. One block from Victoria Coach Station &amp; bus, two away from Victoria Station. The customer service is superb!!! A clean place with Wi-Fi &amp; breakfast included.  Our first trip to England, we initially stayed one night at a place near LHR. Checked out first thing in the morning without any backup reservation. I was not a happy camper.  Called Comfort Inn Buckingham Palace Road from the airport. We were told there was only one SMALL room in the lower level but they would give us a good rate. It was very small but we accepted it (they were up front about it so I did not have an issue with it).  They did mention that there should be openings the next day &amp; we could get an upgrade, we took it. They did not even raise the rate which I had expected!! I WILL stay there again. All the staff we had contact with were quite plesant &amp; professional.	
May 31 2009 	Great staff great value perfect location	We stayed in this hotel for three nights as a pre cruise location. From the moment Hussein checked us in at 9:30 a.m. after a long flight from Toronto the staff here made us feel welcome. We were invited to have a bit of breakfast from the hotel breakfast bar (included in the room rate) while our room was made ready. After a light breakfast and much appreciated coffee we took our bags up to our room, 504. Now, if you have never travelled in Europe before, the first thing you would think is &quot;it's so small.&quot; Get over it. Hotel rooms in Europe are generally smaller than you may expect by North American standards. Our room was spotless. It had everything a traveller needs - a clean room, comfortable bed, shower, toilet, writing desk, TV and coffee maker.Considering that most travellers only sleep in their room it is all you need after a long day of sight seeing. Some reviews have complained of the noise - simply put we didn't hear it and had our window open through the night. We headed back down to the desk and, again, Hussein answered all of our questions re: location of things. He gave us a map (making sure that we knew where the hotel was located) and made a few suggestions to maximize our time in London. He looked at his watch and said the changing of the guard is in about an hour and we are a 10 minute walk from The Palace if you wish to see it today. He also suggested that a good option for first time visitors is the HOHO bus which gives you an overall trip through the city and helps you get your bearings. This friendly, clean hotel is located literally steps from Victoria Coach Station and a few minutes walk to Victoria Tube Station. Perfect for heading off in any direction by coach, tube or on foot. London is very walkable and this hotel is the perfect spot to start out from! When we head back to London this hotel will be our first choice because of it's friendly staff, cleanliness and location and reasonable rates.	
May 23 2009 	Well priced hotel in useful location	We stayed here 3 nights for the Chelsea Flower Show (10 minute walk), but the hotel is also well placed for Victoria Station (mainline and underground) and Victoria Coach Station. Other reviewers have commented on train noise as the hotel is end on to the lines out of Victoria. We asked for, and got, a high room at the other end of the hotel: trains were still audible, but didn't really bother us.The room was a good size (especially for a medium-priced London hotel), well lit and with good facilities (hairdryer, kettle, etc) and a large bathroom with good shower. The beds were comfortable with 2 different pillows each, and towels were changed frequently. A free hot drinks machine in the breakfast room provided decent drinks at all hours.The hotel was all very clean and the staff friendly and helpful, including useful recommendations for eating (large choice in the area - try Blue Jade Thai on Hugh Street just opposite the hotel and Da Scalzo (Italian) on Elizabeth Street/Eccleston Place).Breakfast is serve-yourself continental with a good choice of cereal, breads, juices, etc. There tended to be a bit of a queue for drinks and the toaster, since the serving area is quite small, but it never took long and staff were quick to help things flow smoothly and clear tables.	
May 8 2009 	Home away from home	I have stayed here several times in the past. It is comfortable. Quiet. Clean. Accommodating. The staff is always helpful with whatever is needed - tickets, directions, assistance. Good breakfast.Great location. Easy access. Only a few minutes from Victoria Station. Several restaurants nearby - nice fish &amp; chips shop around the corner.	
Apr 21 2009	Perfect Inn for a Comfortable stay!	I, and 14 other teenagers were given the pleasure to stay at the Comfort Inn Buckingham Palace Road for our senior trip in March. We arrived earlier than expected, but were quickly accommodated for with bright smiles and understanding. This hotel, as do many things in London, comes with a unique history. It was first a collection of many houses, brought together to form a single hotel. To me it made the hotel feel more homey. It also makes for an interesting lay out of room placement. One exceptional thing about this hotel was their continental breakfast and hospitality. The staff seats you, waits on you, and cleans up after you. This hospitality would not be found in many hotels around the US. The location was also exceptional! It was hardly a 5 minute walk to Victoria Station, which seemed to be a central hub to anywhere in London. Subways will get you anywhere in no time at all! As it was right next to the bus station which was extremely convenient for the mornings we traveled to sights on the outskirts of London.	
Mar 9 2009 	Value for monye and a good stay	A generally nice hotel with OK facilities and a nice and proper welcome from staff and others. We had a room in the basemenfloor which meant some sound from passing trains for Victoria station, but it wasnt allt that noisy that you would have expected.Breakfast was continental and perhaps not the most memorable. Here are som improvments in it´s place for the Comfort Inn.Is situated right in the heart of Buckingham and Westminster which is very conveniant if you plan to walk and travel around central London.All in all= good value for money.	
Feb 19 2009 	Friendly clean and central	Stayed for 2 nights for a short sightseeing break with son aged 10. Twin room small with facilities of ensuite shower &amp; toilet, Safe, and TV (but few channels). Free internet access quite a bonus for the PSP. You could tell when the trains went by, (look at the map - don't say you didn't expect to notice the trains) but this did not disturb a comfortable nights sleep. Continental breakfast is plenty for kids. Friendly service from all the staff, even when we returned after checkout later in the day. Handy 2 min walk to local newsagent, 5 min walk to a small main mall on the way to Victoria Station. Try out some of the local restaurants on B Palace Road towards B Palace for good value.	
Feb 7 2009 	Great stay at the hotel	We stayed at the comfort inn for two weeks. Although the price was not cheap, we got a better price by just phoning the hotel and reserving directly with them. When we arrived, so early in the morning, after a long transatlantic flight, we were so tired that all we needed was a bed. I had made arragements on the phone so that I could take my room, a triple room, as soon as it were ready. And it was ready pretty soon after it was checked out. It was on the lower level, as they say , but it was more than OK., clean, comfortable beds, a renewed bathroom, clean towels every day[-], toileteries, etc. Breakfast was also good, croissants, butter, milk, cofee, tea, cornflakes, yoghurt, juices, bread ,cheese, etc. After so many days you kind of get tired of it, but that happens to evryone at home as well !!! The room has an electronic safe, most convinient for passsports and valuables, and electronic keys as well, one for each of us. Many people say it`s rather noisy because it`s close to Victoria train station, but I was never woken up by any noise....maybe because I sleep so deeply !!!However, what we liked most , was the kind and helpful service from the concierges: Hussein, Karim and &quot; the Pakistanee&quot; . They were great in every sense, giving lots of information, being ready to help us , making reservations, telling you what was more convinient, suggesting places to eat and shop, etc .They really made us feel at home, so much that we were sad when we had to part... They were like our family during our stay in London. We hope we`ll go there again some day....	
Jan 31 2009 	Budget travellers not for business no frills	First off, I was booked this hotel by my firm who use a booking agent, confirmation said &quot;...Double room, full breakfast and bath&quot;. Excellent, 3 must haves for somewhere you're going to spend a week. I was sitting an intense course and exam, so a decent brekkie and the chance to soak in the tub were essentials for me.On checking-in which was painless (staff on the desk are friendly, no arguments there) there's no bath in the room, though the room was a decent enough size, double bed, single bed, and a decent enough desk, chair and storage space.Checked with the chap on reception who said that it's an error on the agent's part as none of the rooms have baths, and by the way did I know that it wasn't full breakfast but continental too. Oh great, no I didn't. In fairness this is probably the agents fault not the hotels, but if you're a business traveller and a bath/hot breakfast is important to you, do not let your corporate booking team put you here. I then asked where the bar was, feeling like a stiff drink round about now(!), and was told there wasn't one of those either.Also the noise deserves a mention. I sleep through anything, and I do mean anything. I can sleep anywhere, standing up, in meetings, on the sofa, on the bus etc. If you have a room facing the rail tracks, your room will shake every 30 seconds or so, and it WILL keep you awake. It did me, and that's very unusual.Noise was so bad I tried to change hotels, hell I was sitting a course and exams, a decent nights sleep was kinda important.Head honcho did allow me to move to another room which overlooked a sidestreet rather than the main rail junction, and whilst the room still trembled, the noise was much less invasive. Room was also half the size of the other one, just a double bed, no storage, bathroom door clipped; the toilet bowl, the corner of the shower and the sink on it's 90 degree arc!!! There's nowhere to even put towels except on the closed toilet lid. Room had a fridge though, so swings and roundabouts, this was a bonus since the hotel had no bar. At least with a fridge I could get in a few tins in and study the night away with a cold beer now. Room had a safety deposit box which was nice, I find this the first luxury to go with budget hotels.I don't want to be too harsh on the hotel, because they were friendly, and the hotel did appear clean. But of the 2 rooms I saw, if I'd paid my money to stay in them, I'd have been disappointed.The location is indeed superb (noise aside) though as others have said IT IS NOT located on Buck palace road, another comfort inn is, which I tried to check into first before finding this one on George street. I too got very lost, not helped by the guy at the buck palace branch who told me to turn right but kept pointing left. I opted to follow his finger since fingers don't hit language barriers!In summary, if you can sleep through WWIII, don't need a hot breakfast or bath, not bothered about lack of bar or room service, and do not need storage/space to spread out, it might suit you, otherwise, I don't think this hotel's for you.	
Jan 4 2009 	Good value for money. Be careful with site directions.	In a city as expensive as London, this hotel is a great find, because it's really good value for its price. The twin room we stayed in wasn't big (of course, this being London) but it wasn't tiny neither. It was clean, with a great location, near Victoria Station and close to the main tourist atractions. It also had complimentary breakfast (simple but adequate) and you could make tea in the room.The noise isn't nearly as awful as some of the reviews say: it's simply the level of noise you would get at any big city.I only complain about the map in the hotel site: the directions aren't precise and you should not rely on the map to get to the hotel. We came from Victoria Station, which is just a couple of blocks away, but we got seriously lost because the street where the hotel is located has a different name if you come from the Buckingham Road (it's a bridge at that point) and no one knows its name.	
Jan 4 2009 	Trainspotting	The hotel was very convenient indeed. The view was a bit funny: so close to the train rails. Fortunately, we can be fast asleep and hear no noise at all!!! The staff was very friendly, too.	
Nov 13 2008 	Good hotel a little bit noisy	I booked via booking.com a double room. The hotel is clean and in an excellent position very close to all the most important and interesting London attractions. The personnel is very kind and helpful. Rooms are clean even if they are little for European standard. Breakfast is good and rich. Internet is free and usable in the hall.The only concernings are: the rooms are warm even if heaters are closed, so it is suggestable to leave windows wide open during the day to refresh the room; the railway station is very close and the noise of the trains moving is at the limit of the bearability.	
Nov 10 2008 	Comfortable and friendly	I spent 5 nights here during the first week of November. Arriving at 6 a.m. after an overnight trans-atlantic flight from the tropics it was cold and I was tired. My room was not ready but the receptionist kept my luggage until my room was ready and I walked to the Coach station a few minutes away and had something to eat there. I returned to the hotel at 10.30 and was told to wait a few minutes and have a cup of coffee if I wished. My room was ready in a few minutes and the the receptionist had someone take my luggage up to the room while he checked me in. The reception staff are exceptionally friendly and try to please. Coffee and other hot drinks are available free of charge from a machine in the breakfast area part of the lobby. One day however as I entered the room where the coffee machine was, there were some people sitting at a table (obviously with the hotel's permission as that area was blocked off from the rest of the lobby). But the door from the elevator to the breakfast area was open and as I entered to have coffee, someone at the meeting told me it was a private meeting in progress. There was no sign at the door saying it was a private meeting.However this was just that one time. Breakfast is simple continental fare with danish pastries, apple and orange juice, yoghurt, bagels, cheese, jam, marmalade, marmite, bread that you can toast with a toaster that seems to take ages to toast and then just one side toasts. If you are a big eater and don't mind filling up an any amount of the above, you will enjoy the breakfast here.The single room I had was tiny, but it had a desk with reading lamp over it which I appreciated. The toilet and bath was also tiny.However overall it was good value for money for London.I will stay here again if I'm in London.	
Nov 9 2008 	Nice if you're not planning to sleep	Overall this hotel was clean, good location for bus and tube, decent size room and washroom. Staff was pleasent and helpful. Price was decent for London. Now since this was my fist time in London I researched many hotels and read many reviews. Strangly this one was well rated. Has no one heard the trains??? I'm quite a deep sleeper but without the medically induced sleep for 3 days, the proximity to the rail made both the bed and my eardums vibrate throught the night. Even with the sleep aid and earplug the breaking of trains was horrible and consant (except for the 1h btw 4-5 am). If you only need to drop your bags or to overnight, I'm sure it could be bearable. The other problem is the breakfast regime. Ok eveyone you've got two hours to stuff your face! Go Go Go. Talk about savage, fighting for seats and food. Had it not been for these major factors, I would have enjoyed the stay.	
Nov 1 2008	Great location - but how is this a three star hotel?	I had read reviews before booking this hotel as I really wanted a comfortable and happy stay. All in all, I feel let down, however. First of all, the hotel is NOT on Buckingham Road - despite the name and so it was hard to locate! Once there, the reception staff were friendly and courteous - which is a plus of course. The first disappointment came when the staff pointed out the 'breakfast area' which was simply a few formica tables at the far end of the entrance lobby. Off-puttingly, I could see the cereal already in the dispensers and this was at 2.30 PM! Anyway, this was only to be a one night stay and so the main thing was the room. This was OK - clean although there were cracked tiles in the bathroom and a plastic cup full of cigarette stubs on the balcony. Prospective customers with kids be warned, the french doors opened straight onto the balcony which had a low wall. There was no way of locking the doors from the inside and nothing to prevent a child (or anyone, really!) from falling over the wall and onto the pavement below. The location of the hotel meant that train and traffic noise was inevitable - it didn't bother me, but my room-mate hardly slept a wink due to the noise. Breakfast was abysmal - help yourself the the cereal, danish pastries, croissants or bagels; make your own toast with an ineffecient toaster, pour your own luke warm juice from a carton and help yourself to vending machine coffee or pop your teabag in a cup before topping up with hot water. Then, sit down at a small formica table and feel on display in the reception area. Shockingly, the chamber maid even dragged a sack of soiled linen right through the breakfast area as we ate. It's as well we'd only booked one night - there is no way on earth that I could have spent another night there. A three star hotel typically offers restaurant service right through to dinner and certain other creature comforts. This one fell far short of that.The main plus point was that the hotel really was within easy walking distance of the Apollo, Victoria as well as the coach and train station. If this is your only priority - well at least the rooms were clean and the staff were friendly. I'd avoid it in high summer however as there was no air-conditioning and I was too hot even on a cold night. Maybe I'd been spoilt by my previous night's stay at the Cardiff Plaza Hotel (which was outstanding) but I expect more for £100! Be warned!	
Oct 29 2008 	Very nice stay	This is a very nice establishment close to Victoria train and coach stations. Rooms are immaculate with all amenities one would expect to find in a modern hotel. Breakfast was continental and there was a choice of cereals juice cheese breads yogurts etc. I would recommend this place to anyone visiting central London	
Oct 2 2008 	Second time stay	We have just returned from our 2nd stay at the Comfort Inn on Buckingham Palace Road and it was as good as the first.We were in london for our honeymoon and there was never any doubt that we would return to this hotel (and we will go again)You cannot fault the service in this place. It isn't a budget hotel neither is it luxury but for what we paid (£50 pppn) it really is marvellous. Perfect location - every tourist attraction is within walking or a 15 min tube journey; perfect service - reception is very helpful and we asked for an upgrade before arriving and received it on arrival; cleanliness - the hotel is spotless, the rooms are basic but clean with fresh towels and sheets everyday.Yes, you can hear traffic and trains but this is central London so you can't complain. The noise is never enough to keep you awake unless you are a very very light sleeper. The area is also very nice and we never felt at risk wandering about at night.Breakfast is enough to get you started and you can have as much cereal, toast, bagels, croissants, yougurt, fruit salad, tea, coffee as you like as well as complimentary tea and coffee anytime you like from the machine in the lobby. There is also free internet access.We cannot enthuse about this place enough! If you are going to see London then it is the perfect base and if you do want to stay in your room for any length of time it's not such a chore to do that either as the place is so pleasant.They even offer a luggage store when you check out and at £1 per bag it is a lot cheaper and easier than checking your bag in at Victoria Coach station.If you are looking for middle of the road comfort then this is the place for you!	
Sep 16 2008 	Comfort Inn Buck. Palace great for the money	My husband and I stayed at the Comfort Inn Buckingham Palace Road (it's actually on St. George's St.) Sept 2 through Sept 4. The cleanliness was above average, the front desk vy helpful and the breakfast was okay. They did offer the standard full English breakfast which was more than enough to fill anyone. The mattresses were perfect for older backs and the noise from the trains was oddly comforting. Noise is really a relative issue, since if you've lived in a rural environment all your life, you'll be used to different noises than city ones. We liked the standard small hotel shower. We could get to our hotel from Victoria Station in about 10 minutes and Victoria Shopping Center offered us everyting we might need. All in all a very positive experience.	
Aug 14 2008	Fantastic Location	Located on St Georges Dr. Victoria off Buckingham Palace Rd. Two minutes walk from Victoria Train/Tube Station. One minute walk from Victoria Coach Station - buses for organised day trips leave from here. Sainsburys Grocery store in train station for all needs. Fast foods plus some reasonably priced restaurants also located in Victoria Train Station. Our easyBus to Luton left from Buckingham Palace Rd -one minute walk. Hop On/Off bus tours also leave from Buckingham Palace Rd. Walk to Buckingham Palace 10 minutes. Billy Elliot and Wicked showing in theatres also near Victoria Train Staion. My 68 year old mum, 10 year old daughter and I stayed here in a triple room ie double bed plus single bed for 7 nights. We stayed in room 202 which faced onto Hugh St. There was no air conditioning in the room but on nights that were hot we simply left the window open. We had no problems with noise in this room. The room contained a flat screen T.V. which was great to watch after a hectic day sight seeing. The room also contained a small desk. While the room wasn't large it was ok for us. For the price and location this was excellent value. I paid 870 pounds for the 7 nights booking directly with the hotel. Room didn't have a refrigerator but five minutes after asking if we could hire one we received one free of charge to our room. Continental Breakfast was great as we don't eat cooked food in the morning anyway. Plenty of yogurts, fruit, cereals, pastrys and also all day free coffee/tea machine. Breakfast area busy in morning go early if possible.or take food back to room.	
Aug 5 2008 	Room 510 – worst hotel room I ever seen!!!!!!!	Family vacation, in London 2 nights, Comfort Inn Buckingham Palace Road is in great location however our room 510, accommodation for 4 was unacceptable: below ground floor, terrible noise of passing trains all night long, room with only one window toward some kind of chimney! No air circulation at all! First night we were so tired so we slept, second night was so hot that we did not sleep at all! Please see video on YouTube.com under Comfort Inn Buckingham Palace Road, London UK Room 510 to evaluate it by yourself!	
Aug 5 2008 	Clean Basic But Noisy Trains At Victoria Station	Central location, 10minutes walk to the Palace, Oxford St 10 minutes in a cab and the same for knightbridge. The hotel is old with about 20 rooms...basic but clean inside, tv, shower tea/coffee making. Breakfast basic, cereal, toast, uice tea/coffee. We only had breky once here and ate out the other times. The only disappointment was the front of our window in our room 207 you could see the Victoria train station and the trains are noisy due to there comimg and going which seems like every 10mins!!! The windows are not double glazed either so it takes some getting use to the noise especially of a night till. There seem to stop about midnight....Hey ho it was about £188 for an en suite twin room for two nights. We picked this one due to us being invited to the Queens Garden Party and what a great experience this was......We did not use the tubes but got cabs around but had a great time!!	
Jul 17 2008 	Excellent Care	The management were very helpful at all times. The room for the three of us was adequate, the beds comfortable, and the shower fantastic. When the windows were closed the noise from the street and trains was blocked out.I left valuables in the room safe in error and did not realize it until unpacking at my next destination, a cruise ship in Southampton! A telephone call to the hotel secured my things in the hotel safe until pick-up arrangements could be made. The manager even offered to meet me at Gatwick airport two weeks later when I would be flying back to the States. Other arrangements were ultimately made with the cruise line, but I felt the hotel personnel had gone above and beyond to help me.I would stay again in this hotel. The location is ideal for visiting London and the surrounding areas by train.	
Jul 15 2008	Good Stay	After searching for months trying to find a budget hotel in london, we were relieved when we found this hotel and saw that it was rated well on TripAdvisor. And upon our arrival in london, we saw that the hotel lived up to its expectations.The best thing about the hotel was the location. It was about a 5 minute walk from the nearest underground (Victoria Station) and a 3 minute walk from the closest bus stop. Also, it was located on a quiet street, so we didn't have problems sleeping at night due to noise.The actual room of the hotel was adequate. We had a family of four, so we got a quad room. The room was small, but it fit us and our suitcases. Just as a heads up, the shower is pretty small. They do provide shower gel/shampoo and it seemed to be of okay quality.In the entrance room of the hotel, they have a computer free for use with full internet access. One of the days we were there, the internet wasn't working, but other than that it was fine. You can also print, but it costs some money.The complimentary breakfast was very satisfactory. It had 3 types of cereal, coffee, orange juice, a fruit cocktail bowl, danish pastries, bagels, croissants, and yogurt. The food was substantial enough to hold you until a late lunch.Overall, our stay in london was a good experience, due partly to a great hotel. If we ever needed to go back again to london, we would use this hotel again.	
Jul 8 2008 	Not as good as we though will not use it again!	We have just returned from a weeks stay at this hotel. We must say, it wasn't like we had imagined it. based on the reviews we read before we left for London. + : Spacious room, not carpets in the bathroom, friendly staff. -: Very uncomfortable and hard madrasses in the beds! Funny smell in the bathroom, smelled like mould. The breakfast was not good. The breakfast room/ hallway was overcrowded, often we sat almost in the way of new people arriving through the main door and at one point water leak (or some other fluid) from the ceiling and down on me . When we told the staff, they didnt semm to bother that much. No AC. Difficult to get fresh cool air into the room.	
Jun 27 2008 	Second stay here was even better!	This is my second review of this hotel. i was there in July, 2007 and again in November, 2007. When I returned in November, it was great to go to a familiar place and the staff even remembered us from July. This time we had a twin suite which was a good size overlooking the side street. Staff were excellent as before. The property was still very clean and continental breakfast suited us fine. I have learned more of the area as a result of this second trip and did some travelling in other areas of the UK. I definitely consider this hotel as my home away from home in London. I used the tube more this time and its so easy to access it just a block over.	
Jun 21 2008 	Great Hospitality	My friends and I just returned from our trip to London and we could not have found a more hospitable, greacious and polite hotel management and team working at the hotel. The staff went above and beyond what was expected of any hotel staff. As buget traverlers it was a four star hotel for us. Anything we asked for the staff provided within minutes. The staff is very professional and friendly. As Americans we love having ice for our drinks, well within minutes of asking we had our ice personally delivered to our door.Their continential breakfast was very good. I feel as if I had been treated as a family member if not better. We had such a wonderful experience there that we booked a room for our last night in London on our return trip from Scotland. As women raised in the south (Georgia, U.S.A.) I feel we understand hospitality and greaciousness very well. We were not disapointed.	
Jun 15 2008 	Good budget hotel	It's a budget hotel but usually in London budget hotels are terrible. Not this one.The hotel is conveniently located for bus and Tube.We had room 102 (first floor) for the rate of gbp 130.We are parents + 3 sons (youngest one in baby bed)Room and bathroom were clean, towels changed daily and bed linen changed once during our 5 nights' stay.Flat screen TV with few channels. Tea/coffe tray + hair drier + fan (surely a must during summer).Window towards Hugh street: no trains noise.Continental breakfast --&gt; basic (3/4 kind of cereals, apple and orange juice, croissants, bread, bagels, jam, cheese, yogurth, toast) but food always replaced when nearly finished.PC available in the lobby (and free) for emails and internet.24 h free tea/coffe machine in breakfast area + vending machine for water and sodas.Elevator.Luggage storage available but charged 1 gbp each suitcase.They don't provide transfer from/to airport --&gt; we travel with friends and we had wonderful service with 24 Hour Taxis -www.24hourtaxis.co.uk[--------------]Ref --&gt; Angela or Tim (driver), very polite people.From Stansted airport to our hotel after midnight we got the rate of gbp 95 for all the 8 of us for a private transfer.It's our third vacation in London with kids and we know we stay in our hotel just for sleeping, therefore this hotel is OK.We had good english dinner at St George Tavern pub just steps from hotel --&gt; Belgrave rd / Hugh str corner. Ask for Roddy the manager. Children welcome for meals and smoke free.	
Jun 10 2008	Great Location	The Comfort Inn Buckingham Palace is superb for travellers who are tourists due to the short distance to the coach, rail and underground station. Furthermore, Buckingham Palace is only a 6 minute walk away and Westminster Abbey is within a 15 minute walk. The Victoria mall is very close where dinner or groceries can be purchased and a laundry mat is within walking distance which is excellent for travellers who are staying in London for a long period of time.The hotel itself is modern, with clean room (with an in room safe), friendly staff and internet access. The rooms contain a fan and have nice windows which are very effective at cooling down the room when it gets warm. The breakfast itself is unfortunately not as large as many other European hotels which I have stayed at but it is still well prepared. Overall, a nice place to stay while visiting London.	
Jun 1 2008 	Superb location	We stayed at the Comfort Inn Buckingham Palace Road for 1 night on 28 May 2008 (cost pounds 115). We had previously stayed at Comfort Inn Victoria from 20-23 May 2008 (cost 130 pounds per night). The location is EXCELLENT. It is a 2-3 minute walk from Victoria Coach station to this hotel and easy to carry along bags with you as it is a very short distance. The Victoria tube station is a slightly longer walk from this hotel (one lane further away than Comfort Inn Victoria). So this hotel is the best location for rapid access to the Coach Station. We had a lot of luggage with us, but could still walk to the Coach station from the hotel within 3 minutes. To get here from Victoria coach station - exit the coach station at Elizabeth street or Eccleston Place and come onto Buckingham Palace road, cross this road and come onto St Georges Drive and walk along on the left- you will reach Comfort Inn Buckingham Palace Road very soon.To get to the hotel from Victoria station - exit the station onto Buckingham Palace Road, walk along, turn left onto St Georges Drive (this exit comes after the Belgrave Road exit) and walk along on the left. We had a triple room - this was small in size (smaller than the room in Comfort Inn Victoria) like most central London hotels. The hotel has been refurbished and is pleasant looking. The toilet/bathroom was smaller than Comfort Inn Victoria, but was of an acceptable size. There was free Dove shower gel all the time. There are free coffee/tea making facilities in the room. The beds were comfortable with clean sheets. There is an elevator in the hotel. Breakfast is not exciting, but enought to make you last till lunch - bread, toast, croissant, cereal, tea/coffee, jam. There is a free 24 hr coffee machine near the reception. The breakfast area is small. There is a computer with free interner access for e-mail near the reception.I feel that the Comfort Inn Victoria is a better hotel, in terms of slightly larger rooms, bathrooms and breakfast area and also location (equidistant from the coach and rail stations).Overall, the Comfort Inn Buckingham Palace Road is comfortable and the location is excellent. If you want to stay in the Victoria area, this is a nice place. We wanted to stay in this area for proximity to the coach and tube station, and hence chose this hotel and we do not regret it at all. But the hotel should not be the reason for you to stay in the Victoria area !	
May 13 2008 	Great Location Great Stay	Hotel is located close to the Victoria Station, train, bus and subway...This is a small hotel but very clean and the staff is very friendly and helpful. They serve a very nice breakfast which is included in the price of the room. Please remember that in England you get half the room for twice the price, so the rooms are small by North American standards.Rooms contained TV, phone and the bath was shower only but this was not a problem. If you are travelling in the summer months note that there is no air conditioning.Very good selection of a variety of restaurants in the area, public transport very good to this location.	
May 11 2008 	Great location Fantastic Service!!!!!	We booked two rooms at the Comfort Inn Buckingham Palace. I was travelling with my teenage daughter and four of her friends from Ireland to see the play Wicked. We flew to Stansted Airport, took Terravision bus to London - walked around the corner and there was the Inn. That evening we only needed to walk two blocks to the Apollo Theatre to see a fantastic performance of Wicked. The location was ideal!!! I was the only adult travelling with the five 16 years old and needed all the help and info I could find. The front desk staff were the most helpful and kindest I have come across in the year our family has been traveling around Europe and Ireland. (We are an American family living in Ireland for one year.) The girls were given a room big enough for the 5 of them away from the other hotel guests which was perfect for everyone. The rooms were small but that was to be expected - but they were very clean! The 24 hour coffee bar in the lobby was nice to have and the breakfast the next morning was perfect to send us off on another day of shopping. I would most definately stay at the Comfort Inn Buckingham Palace again even without 5 teenage girls - it was homey and friendly in the most perfect location!!	
May 3 2008 	A Terrific Experience!	My husband and I chose this hotel because of the positive reviews that I read online. From my first contact by email to the hotel manager to our day of departure from the hotel, the attention and service was exceptional. We had a room facing the street and Victoria Rail Station. The trains ran frequently but did not bother us. The location of the hotel is excellent, walking distance to Buckingham Palace, Trafalgar Square and a stone's throw to Victoria Coach and Rail Station. The Apollo theatre featuring Wicked is just around the corner. The room we had was a good size, extremely clean with a great shower. We loved the flat screen TV and the complimentary inroom safe was a big plus! Having a breakfast included was wonderful, it consisted of juice, yoghourt, bagels, cheese, toast, croissants, pastries, a great start to the day of extensive touring in London. Also, the 24 hour coffee machine was lovely. It included capuccino, expresso, hot chocolate, cafe mocha, etc. As well the free internet service in the lobby made it easy for me to checkin for our flight home. The front desk is manned 24 hrs a day and there is an elevator.Riyaz, the manager was extremely helpful, giving us tips on what to see and how to get there. He even called The Original Bus Co to see if we could exchange our voucher at the stop near the hotel. And he arranged for our return ride to Heathrow which was a great help for us.I will definately recommend the Comfort Inn and stay there myself again. It is a sweet hotel!	
May 2 2008 	Great	It is a great hotel, very clean and you can tell recently renovated.The room and bathroom were very spacious by European standards. Breakfast was wonderfull - lots of choices - and most importantly - cheese was offered too :)Free coffe, hot chocolate, cappucino - all day long.Very quiet hotel, even though I could see a huge crowd at the breakfast, you do not hear anyone or anything at all once you are away from the breakfast area.The only negative, which did not bother me, you can hear the trains from the Victoria station, but not loud, and it did not interefere with our sleeping at all.I would definetly stay in this hotel the next time.	
Apr 22 2008 	A brilliant hotel!	I have stayed in this hotel a few times and I always go back.The staff are very nice and the rooms can be small but they do for me.It is very close to the train and tube station which is handy and although you can hear the train noises depending on where abouts your room is it is ok.It has always been clean when I stay.The breakfast is lovely very basic but it is nice. You can make yourself a coffee or tea or something from the machine in reception and the drinks machine is there as well for cold drinks whenever you like.I have just recently been to London and thought I would try a different hotel and I regret it as it wasn't as good as this one. I will be back!	
Apr 21 2008	Just okay	Because the staff were so obliging and friendly, it's difficult to write a bad review but ...The rooms are VERY small. We booked a double room and there was literally not enough room to pass each other. Also, we had a room just behind reception - close to a door which all residents in the hotel must use to get to their rooms. And it banged! So we were being woken up from 6am with people coming and going. Finally, the bathroom ponged.On the plus side ... the hotel is in a great location, near Victoria station and Buckingham Palace. As I said, the staff are very obliging, even allowing us a late check out on our final day (for no extra charge). There are tea and coffee making facilities in the lobby for use all of the time too.While the hotel is relatively cheap, I have stayed in a lot better in London for a similar price.	
Apr 9 2008 	Excellent place to stay	Excellent place to stay. Rooms are not large (expected in London) I have been to 4 star hotels and a single room was only slightly larger. Place and room is clean with good bathroom with shower and good water pressure. The hotel staff are so obliging. I reached hotel at 9:00 am and wanted to ask whether I may leave my luggage and I would then come back at noon (this is acordance with usual hotel policies) the guy at reception said I will check whether room is ready and if it is you can settle in. It was great I was in my room by 9:15.The wifi availability is great and very convieniet. I write this review in bed in my hotel room and its free which makes it verry nice.Will surely return to this hotel and recommend it to everyone due to level of service, cleanliness and proximity to station.I decided to stay here after reading other reviews and I am so glad I selected this hotel.	
Apr 6 2008	adequate	We requested a triple for 4 nights and were given a quad. The room was clean, but the bedspreads were well past their prime, very faded and with holes. The carpet was coming up at a seam in the middle of the floor. For all four nights, a mattress was leaning upright on a wall in the hall. Our room was on the second floor, facing the rear. We were close to Victoria Station and heard the trains and station announcements into the night and early AM. Bathroom was a good size, but the drain was broken. Continental breakfasts were good. Staff was friendly.	
Mar 15 2008 	Just OK	A stone's throw from Victoria Station. Immaculately clean, with new bathroom. I had a &quot;double room&quot; which was very small, definitely not big enough for two people. The room was about one foot wider than the bed. There's a small desk against a wall and a tiny place to hang clothes, TV on top of it. A hair dryer, but it did not work. The free wireless was nice to have. My room was below street level, with a tiny window that &quot;looked out&quot; into a shaft through which no light entered. Not for claustrophobes. Breakfast was included, consisting of a variety of sweets rolls, juices, cereals, and hot drinks. The staff was fine. All in all, OK, but I probably will not stay there again.	
Feb 25 2008 	Wonderful Hotel Great Attention From Personnel	Words are not enough to describe our stay at this hotel, first the location, amazing, very central, close to bus and train lines, minutes walk to buckingham palace, the personnel was so accomodating, we came after hours of flight and although it was early for our check in, they let us have the room right away, always helping giving us directions and advice on how to get to places, suggesting restaurants etc. we will definitely stay there again, around the corner there is a great pub is called St George Tavern, great authentic english food and not expensive. Hotel is very cozy, clean, the room has good space , we were even given a bigger room at no extra cost, definitely a must, around the block there are supermarkets where juice etc can be bought and taken to the hotel to avoid spending so much on snacks, definitely this hotel is a must	
Jan 23 2008 	Very nice clean and comfortable hotel	stayed here with my daughter for two nights as we were going to see the spice girls :) was a very warm welcome with helpful and friendly staffthe hotel itself was in a great location for my daughter and i to do all the sightseeing stuff. rooms were ok for a few nights stay but i must say very clean, and cleaned on a daily basiswould stay again when i next go to london well worth the £150 for the two nightsand the breakfast was also lovely with the coffee machine there 24/7 when you wanted it.nice hotel!!!	
Jan 17 2008 	Superb Accommodation	I booked this hotel having read the reviews about it. It was perfectly located as the reviews stated. Very close to Victoria Station...within the station take the Victoria Place Exit (go up escalator) which brings you through a shopping centre to within about fifty yards of the hotel This was particularly good as the weather was not the best. I booked a ground floor family room and it was perfect. Well priced at £145 per night. Very clean hotel. Staff were so friendly and obliging. Brought my laptop and the free wireless broadband was great. Continental breakfast was ideal. WIll definitely stay here again. DaveTullamore, Co. OffalyIreland	
Jan 8 2008 	Terrific service from a great staff	My wife and I were on our honeymoon in London and we chose the Comfort Inn Buckingham Palace Rd. The room was small by US standards, but it was all we needed and clean.The reason I wish to leave such a great review is because of the service. The guys who worked at the desk were all great on several different occasions.We found it hard to sleep in silence, so they provided us with a large oscillating fan, free of charge. They gave us great advice on several occasions as well. Most impressive, when we booked a tour of &quot;spooky london&quot; locations and were sorely disappointed (Grey Line tours - the guide was semi-drunk and answered his cell phone twice, interrupting his monologue.) the manager at the Comfort Inn BP Rd. called the tour company and demanded a refund on our behalf, threatening to withhold business from the company if they didn't. We got a full refund.The breakfast spread is actually quite impressive as well. These guys will also save you some money by ordering you a van instead of a taxi.One thing to note - Victoria station is very close by - you will hear trains at night. This we loved, but others may like to know beforehand.	
Dec 28 2007	Nice clean place for a stopover - convenient location	We stopped over here for one night, taking a bus into London and catching the Eurostar out to Paris. So this was an excellent location. The hotel was clean and included a continental breakfast (we couldn't take advantage of that because we left too early). The room we had did have some street noise, but the staff provided a fan that helped. We strolled over to St James Park that afternoon and to Buckingham Palace. The location of the hotel is great. The staff was friendly and helpful. I would definitely stay here again.	
Dec 15 2007 	Clean comfy Comfort Inn.	This was the second time I stayed at the Comfort Inn Buckingham Palace, 8-12 St. George's Drive, London SW1V 4OU which is not even a 5 minutes walk from the Victoria Train Station (and the Underground) and less than 3 minutes from the Victoria Coach Station in the very heart of London with connections to both Gatwick and Heathrow airport.I highly recommend this clean and comfortable 3 star hotel which is extremely good value for money and for its great location, as nearly all the major sightseeing attractions are within walking distance. The staff is polite, friendly and helpful. You have a vast variety to choose from at breakfast and the room as well as the linen, is spotlessly clean too. The best thing is that this hotel has a hand-held power shower and not the usual horrid 'fixed' wall shower which nearly all other hotels have.After a busy day out shopping and sightseeing, I couldn't wait to get back to the peace and tranquility of this cosy and comfy hotel and relax.I will definitely stay there again.	
Nov 28 2007 	Great tourist hotel	This hotel was clean and by London standards relatively affordable. A super-nice staff helped make our stay a pleasure. Overall I wold definitely stay at this hotel again. It is very convenient to the train / tube station which made getting around London a breeze. We did not experience any problems with noise from the trains whatsoever. Our room was on the front of the hotel, second floor and overlooked the street. We were relatively close to the tracks - but still no real noise.That being said, this is a tourist class hotel. Don't come here if you are looking for luxury or trying to celebrate an anniversary or something special. If you want basic, above average and clean accomodations, in a convenient location, this is the hotel for you.	
Nov 20 2007 	Ok for us when out all day shopping	My husbond , me and a friend stayed at the hotel from friday 16 thnovember to Monday 19 th november.My husbond and I got a small room, but very clean, our friend stayed in a single room, and her room was actually bigger than our.Free coffee all day, and internet acess.The first night we slept very badly, waking up in the middel of the night, because of the elevator I think. A little to noicy.But the two other nights we slept ok.Very nice staf, very helpful, the place are clean and if You want a hotel where You are central to trainstaiton, then these is the placeThe area itself is local to victoria station, 200 m or so from the station, so a bit of trainsound is to expect.Only 15 min walk to Buckingham PalaceOk hotel for that amount of money	
Nov 15 2007 	Negative 10 on the Charm scale and too expensive	The room was clean and very well maintained by the German staff. The front desk was reasonably helpful. The continental breakfast was served in a very, very cramped breakfast room and the coffee came from a machine!!! Not surprisingly, it was awful. The location was very convenient, except for the constant noise from the Victoria Coach(bus) Station. The constant train noise was not a problem. We had Room 103 which faced St. Georges St. and the full length french door style windows only locked on one side. Truly very noisy. I won't stay there again.Do eat at the pub around the corner toward Vic Station, St. Georges Tavern. More good food than you can eat and very, very reasonably priced.	
Nov 12 2007 	Enjoyed the stay	We recently stayed 9 nights from the end of October to the beginning of November and had a great stay. We booked through the Comfort Inn corporate web site. We could have saved more money if we had booked directly through the property's own site but did not want to get stuck if we did not like the place. Next time I will not hesitate to book through their own website to get the bigger savings.We really had no major issues at all. When going over our travel plans the night before we left I noticed that I had put in for a smoking room. Upon check in I asked about changing rooms and was informed that all rooms are non-smoking which was a pleasant surprise. We were given room 205, which has a double bed and over looks the street. As has been said before, the room was not huge, but if you have ever stayed in NYC you know what to expect. We had fresh towels and the room was made up every day. The bathroom is stocked with a shampoo/shower gel holder in the shower and soap by the sink. There was no soap holder for bars of soap in the shower however, a little soap shelf would have been nice. The room and bathroom were very clean and, as mentioned before, refurbished in the past couple years. If anything is showing its age it is probably the mattresses, ours was a little soft.We came back one night to find that I had left the safe, which held the laptop, my wallet (drivers license and a couple emergency credit cards) and some non expensive jewelry wide open . Upon inspection nothing was missing. It was a nice feeling to know you could trust the staff.The free WiFi internet was great, although it would go out for a min or two now and then, but always reconnect. It could have been on my end and I never bothered checking at the front desk about it. I was able to upload each days pictures to the webshots website for extra safe keeping.The breakfast was great and the girls working to keep it stocked did a wonderful job. We never left feeling hungry. The 24 hour hot drink machine was awsome. I miss it now that I am home.I could see how the railroad noise might be an issue during the warmer months if you sleep with your windows open, but it was not an issue for us. We had even brought ear plugs because of what we had read here in TA just in case.Over all I would recommend this location, it was safe, clean, and a great location. The front desk staff was great. Upon check in we were given the choice of how we wanted our room charged, all 9 nights at once or to split it up 2 ways. Not knowing what to expect we chose the 2 charges. On our 3 or 4th night the gentleman who checked us in stopped us as we entered, called us Mr. and Mrs. &quot;ABC&quot;, and asked how we were enjoying London and the hotel. It was a nice touch.	
Nov 8 2007 	Noisy cramped no chance of sleep	I do not recommend this hotel. I had a small basement double, where the bed is boxed in on three sides! Really really cramped less than a metre between bed and wall on other side.The noise is the real problem - you can hear the lift all the time, as it has a noisy announcement everytime people go in, then goes clunk clunk. Also you can hear everyone coming in through the front door, the conversations outside and on the floor above, and every footstep above. Also the room vibrates and rumbles every few minutes as a train goes past.The guy on reception was really friendly, but there's not much to be done for this place. Avoid. This should no way be 4 star (on web) or 3 star (on door), it's definitely budget. I paid about £120/night.	
Nov 6 2007	Great budget hotel	We spent 5 nights at the Comfort Inn Buckingham Palace Road. We were pleasantly surprised. The rooms are small but very comfortable &amp; recently refurbished(even face cloths are supplied). The continental breakfast are more than adequate. You help yourself to yoghurt's/cheese/juices/cereals/sweet breads &amp; toast &amp; jams plus coffee / tea etc. They have approx 8 tables so you can sit down &amp; enjoy your breakfast.They also have free Internet.The staff at the reception area are very helpful &amp; courteous.The location is really excellent. You can walk to a lot of the tourist sights plus you are right at Victoria Station if you want to take the underground tube or the Gatwick Express. The one negative is if you like to sleep with your window open it is noisy as you are right by the train tracks but either sleep with your window closed or use ear plugs.We would not hesitate to stay there again.Saskatoon, Canada	
Nov 1 2007 	Exceeded My Expectations	I stayed in this small, but lovely hotel on a quiet street close to the Victoria Station from October 4th -11th/07. It is not exactly on Buckingham Palace Road, so make sure you get the correct directions before you go. It is a great location, and close to all sorts of transportation. The room was smaller than the North American standard, however, I thought it was bigger than the New York hotel room I stayed in when I visited, so that was surprising in a good way. It was clean, dust-free for the most part, and looked like it had be refurbished recently. I am a germophobe and have very high standards when it comes to cleanliness, hygiene, and sanitation, and the hotel passed with flying colours! One thing that was missing was an alarm clock and a box of tissue, so bring your own. I stayed in room 405 which was close to the stairs, and noise didn't seem to be a problem. There are trains that run behind the building, but the noise didn't really bother me, and I am a very light sleeper. The common areas were kept in good condition, and the elevator seemed very new and recently upgraded as well. There was free continental breakfast in the morning (4 types of cereals, croissants, bagels, pastries, sometimes doughnuts, toast, yogurt, cheese, juice, tea, coffee, and milk) starting from 7:30AM to 9:30AM, and the food is replenished constantly. The staff there seem very hard-working and are always wiping the tables in the breakfast room whenever a party leaves, and keep the area in good order.There is free internet access 24 hours a day, but it is right by the front desk staff, so you are only allotted 10 minutes (longer if no one's using it). But still good if you want to look something up or check your emails. As well, the coffee machine is free 24/7, and so is hot chocolate, capuccino, and tea. All in all, the hotel was fantastic for the price that I paid. Booking off of the hotel's actual website is the cheapest, so make sure you do that, and book early!!	
Oct 19 2007 	GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE	We booked this hotel through comments on Trip Adviser. We are going there the beginning of November, 2007, but I have to say how remarkable the 2 managers of this property are. We booked back in July and asked for a certain style of room. We got it. I e mail the Manager, Riyaz, and he writes me back immediately. I call him with questions, and he helps us. This is like my own private travel agent.We just recently had to make a change to our reservation and he did so without any complaints. We travel quite a bit and I wish more hotel properties were like this and the managers so informative and personable.We can't wait to visit.	
Oct 13 2007 	Pleasant and worth its price	We only stayed one night but we will gladly stay there at the next visit to London. Friendly staff and service. Great location near Victoria station and bus station, perfect if you travel by bus to/from Standsted Airport.	
Sep 25 2007 	Nice clean room with friendly people	I travel alot in my business, so i do have some experience to base my opinions on.This hotel has friendly staff with clean rooms. Morning breakfast of toast, cereals, coffee and juices was plenty to get you going. This quaint hotel is close to many tourist sites, restaurants and the underground. Highly recommended.	
Sep 23 2007 	Nice hotel excellent location.	I was able to get an excellent deal by booking via the hotel's own website - even better than booking through any travel site I'd found. The location helped us have a better experience in London than in the past. Even the brief Tube strike while we were there didn't really impact us; we were able to walk everywhere and occasionally use the nearby bus. Room was standard London size... bathroom allowed nearly enough space to towel off after a shower! Ours was a second floor room facing south. Everything about the place was clean and safe, including the breakfast room. We had a bad experience a couple of weeks later at a place down the street. That night, even though these guys were full, they we're willing to call around and help find a room for us.	
Sep 14 2007 	Satisfied Family	Finding nice but affordable family accomodation in Europe is always a challenge, but London in peak season is a real nightmare. Fortunately, after weeks of online searches and exhaustive attempts at properties recommended by Rick Steves, etc. I found this property through Trip Adviser. Ratings were mixed, but the candid photos were fairly encouraging and we were desperate. The staff were prompt in answering emails and could provide a family room within our budget. Arriving from Heathrow via VictoriaStation, the street was a bit tricky to find, but we still made it mid-morning., weary from hauling all the luggage through the crowded streets. Staff were welcoming, and allowed us to see several rooms which weren't yet cleaned so that we could choose the best arrangement. Despite reading the &quot;dreadful basement review&quot;, we actually chose one of the rooms below street level. It was a bit more spacious, and although a little dark, it was much cooler in the early August heat. Besides, we weren't planning to spend the days inside, and there were plenty of wall and celing lights. Staff were very attentive about setting up an extra bed so that each of the three children (ages 10-17) could sleep in a twin bed in the same room with our double bed. We even found space for the luggage. They were very informative about sightseeing info and other helpful details like providing each of our children with a hotel card and instructions to catch a cab back at their [reimbursable] expense should they become lost. We slept soundly that night despite the deep vibrating rumbles from the trains which were actually kind of soothing.  Continental breakfast was plentiful, pleasant, and well maintained in the sunny breakfast area adjacent to the lobby. Our kids also really enjoyed the cocoa/coffee machine after a long day of sightseeing. Although small, there is also a sitting area and one free internet accessible computer. If needed, there is also a small public library nearby with more computers. Overall, we were quite satisfied with our three night London stopover, but it is necessary to drop all American notions of space, luxury, and two queen-bedded rooms. This place is small but cheery and clean, has great showers, simple updated decor, a convenient location, and is about as affordable as London gets given the weak US$. By the way, if you need a taxi back to the airport (our flight was too early for the nearby Coach or trains) be sure to tell the staff well in advance since they can book for a better rate. We informed them the evening prior to our flight and most of their regular providers were booked, but the staff continued to make many calls on our behalf and finally we found something at a slightly higher rate.	
Aug 26 2007 	good location friendly welcome	just had 4 night stay with teenage daughter. made welcome when arrived. good location across road from victoria coach station, we travelled to london by coach. Safe area didn't feel threatened even when returning late at night after theatre visits.5 minutes walk to victoria underground giving access to all of london. Buy oyster ticket, pay as you go for underground and buses £3 refundable at the end of trip.Rooms average but our room on lower level a little small. No air conditioning but fan provided. Very clean, cleaned every day with towels changed. Breakfast continental, good choice getting a table no problem. You also have free hot drinks machine available 24 hours.Would stay here again due to location, clean hotel and a good quality budget hotel for london.	
Jul 30 2007 	Good position 	We had four nights in LONDON &amp; found the location excellent for bus tours &amp; walking around London.The staff were very helpful the room was very good clean &amp; comfortable also the breakfast &amp; the 24 hr coffee machine were an added bonus.	
Jul 17 2007 	Great location accommodating staff great family room	My husband, 20 year old son and I spent 5 nights here in May.We found the staff very accommodating, friendly and helpful.The room we had the first night was not suitable for our needs and the next day they moved us to a very spacious family room. It was an L shaped room with 2 separate sleeping areas giving our son his privacy too.The continental breakfast was plentiful and varied.The hotel location is very convenient to Victoria Station and within easy walking distance of Buckingham Palace.The rooms were clean and provided comfortable accommodation. We would recommend this hotel and would stay here again. The hotel appears to be a collection of rooms that have been converted from former flats. It is not grand luxury but is neat, very clean and comfortable.	
Jul 15 2007 	I really warmed to this hotel but alas it does have problems	We stayed at the Comfort Inn for a total of two nights at the beginning and end of our coach tour that left from Victoria Coach Station (arrived Monday 9th July and Friday 13th July).As we booked two rooms on each occasion this allowed us to see four rooms in total – presumably more than many guests do. Some other reviews may give the impression that all the rooms are tiny but this is definitely not the case. The hotel is a bit of a rabbit warren with small, meandering corridors and stairways leading off in different directions and this means that virtually all the rooms in the hotel have different layouts and are of a different size ie there is no uniformity. Somewhat puzzlingly however they have different levels of equipment too.The room that I was given on the first night (no. 102) was a very decent size with twin beds, a largish shower room, plenty of floor space for opening suitcases and a fridge. There was even a narrow rooftop space that we had access to from the room. This had a low wall we could sit on and it was very pleasant to sip a drink and watch the goings on in the street below.My room on the last night (no. 609) was the complete opposite – extremely tiny with three single beds and a shower room packed tightly into a space about half the size of the previous room. There was no fridge and absolutely no room to put suitcases on the floor. This was a basement room, below pavement level, with a grill on the window and no outside area.The contrast between the two rooms was enormous even though they were an identical price. Our arrival times may have had some bearing on the rooms we were given. Arriving dead on 2pm (the earliest check-in time) we got the large room whereas on the second occasion we didn’t arrive until 8pm and presumably by then all the better rooms had gone. Don’t rely on requesting specific rooms ahead of time. Special requests are only viewed by the reception staff on the day you book in.The whole hotel looks like it has recently been refurbished with plain unmarked walls and new looking carpets giving everywhere a very fresh and clean appearance. This came as a big relief as the previous year we had stayed at the Comfort Inn just around the corner (Comfort Inn Victoria, 18-24 Belgrave Road). This was badly in need of refurbishing with tired décor and disgusting looking carpets.We can put up with small rooms for one night and first impressions of both rooms were good. This didn’t last however. This hotel has two major problems – heat and noise - and one or the other is likely to stop you from getting a good night’s sleep.Firstly the rooms are not air-conditioned and they desperately need to be. One of our four rooms at least had a fan (but neither of the ones that I stayed in). In the evening you’ll find the rooms get unbearably stuffy and warm. However if you open a window you’ll find yourself plagued by traffic and street noise (it isn’t the quietest of neighbourhoods). Catch 22 really. Even with the window shut there was noise from outside and from the internal corridors. Our basement room was especially bad as it was directly beneath the breakfast room. From the start of breakfast time (7.30am onwards) there was the constant sound of stamping feet and scraping chairs from above and this made it impossible to get any further sleep. At check-in on both occasions I was assured that we had been given quiet rooms. In that case I hate to think what the other rooms are like!It’s all a big shame really as I really warmed to the hotel. The hotel has an excellent location with Victoria Coach Station just across the road and Oxford Circus only two stops away on the tube. The check-in staff were pleasant and efficient and it’s a great looking hotel. There’s a nice breakfast area next to the reception and the included breakfast was simple but good (the croissants were especially nice) with the staff keeping everything topped up and immaculately clean. The shower rooms with their power showers had the best controls that I’ve seen at a hotel for a long time. The rooms were very clean too. The noise and heat unfortunately just let it down completely and negated all these good points.Next time I’d probably try elsewhere but unfortunately some of the other hotels in the area don’t allow one-night stays. If push came to shove then yes I would stay here again but I think I would end up somewhat bleary eyed through lack of sleep if I stayed here for too long!	
Jul 3 2007 	Good Value	Myself and my husband spent two nights in this hotel in June. The price was reasonable in comparison to other hotels in London. The hotel was very convenient to Victoria tube station and the 'original bus tour', which we found was a good way of seeing the sights in a short period of time. Our room was small in size but clean and modern. The bathroom was a moderate size and cleaned well. The only problem was the traffic is slightly noisy, so bring ear plugs. The breakfast was good- cereals, crousants, bagels, danish, bread, yoghurts, cheese, jam, juice, tea, hot chocolate, coffee. What more do you want! I would stay here again.	
May 28 2007	very dissappointing	The hotel looks nice from outside. Located next to Victoria, the areais very nice. The rooms are very hot, small, cramp, noisy. Breakfast was ok, cereals, milk, juice, breads, yougurt.	
Apr 22 2007 	Noisy in the basement	I booked a room here for 2 nights based on the reviews on tripadvisor. The location is excellent if you are travelling by coach; just a few minutes walk. On arrival (at 2pm) we were told that our room had been painted and smelled strongly of paint and were asked if we would change rooms after the first night. We agreed to do this (no option really!). We were given a quad room with 4 singles, nicely decorated and good bathroom. Plenty of space for 2 people but cramped for 4 people with luggage. Noise from the trains was not a problem, you could hear and feel them slightly but that was all. The 2nd room in the basement was a different story - VERY noisy - I would take earplugs next time. (It had not been painted) Also a few things didnt work like the hairdrier and some of the lights although I am sure they would have corrected these if we had asked. There was no room at breakfast on one morning and we took the food back to our room (luckily it was the quad room). The 2nd day there was enough space. I would stay here again for convenience but ask for a room not in the basement and take ear plugs!!	
Apr 16 2007 	Hotel lives up to its GOOD reputation!!!	We stayed at this hotel twice during April 2007. The room size, private bathroom, facilities such as high speed internet access in the rooms, breakfast and location were all VERY GOOD for the price you pay. The staff were exceptionally friendly &amp; helpful during book-in (especially Hussein), and breakfast and we had NO complaints. There’s even free internet access in the lobby if you do not have your own laptop. We shall most definitely stay here again!	
Mar 12 2007	Very highly recommended	We were a group of 4 that wanted to stay near the major attractions and a transit hub. We didn't expect we could stay at a quality budget hotel in a perfect spot. The location is excellent -- 3 minutes walk to Victoria station and tube -- and the noise complaint seemed ridiculous to me. Trains passed, yes, but we hardly heard a sound. The hotel is VERY clean and the service was very good. Even have free Internet in the lobby. Breakfast was better than expected -- croissants, bread for toasting, cereals, yogurt, juices, pastries. And more room than similar budget accomodations. We loved being able to walk to Apollo Victoria and the station, as well as many eateries nearby. Still can't believe how little we paid for a 4-person en suite room ... IN LONDON.	
Mar 7 2007 	Great Service Good location Recommended!	My husband and I booked a double en-suite room at the Comfort Inn, Buckingham Palace Road, and we were very pleasantly surprised. The room we were given turned out to be more of a family-sized room - it was huge by Central London hotel standards, including a bathroom that was practically big enough to host a dinner party in. The room was also in good condition, modern tasteful decor, and clean. Breakfast was decent - good selection as far as continental breakfast was concerned, and free tea and coffee all day. The service was also very good - very helpful and friendly. The manager (?) saved us quite a bit of money by recommending we hail a black cab from the street rather than to phone for a mini cab. The only downside was the noise - not from traffic, as some other reviewers have mentioned, but from the restaurant/reception area upstairs, but that is to be expected, given our room was located directly below. Considering however, the closeness of the hotel in proximity to Victoria coach station, it was pretty quiet otherwise. Would definitely recommend this hotel, and will stay there again in future.	
Dec 16 2006 	highly recommended	We stayed here for four nights. Very clean, they chanage all the towels every day, very friendly staff, wonderful location, nice continental breakfast The coach station is one hundred metres away, as well as bus stop for bus number 11, which crosses London South-west to North-east. A very nice room for two adults and two children with two king-size beds. The underground station is a five-minute walk. If I come back to London, I definitely would go to the same hotel. Although the train station is very near and some rooms look at the rails and trains, the rooms are well isolated and you hardly hear the noise from the trains.	
Dec 6 2006 	Noisy!!!	We stayed here for 2 nights in Nov., I originally selected this hotel due to it's central location and good rate for a Quad (4 adult) room. We paid 95 pounds per night about $185 USD. Are room was small, very small for 4 adults even by european standards. With 4 twin beds, small TV, modern bathroom, small desk and cupboard. Our room was located BELOW street level and below the lobby. With no windows or natural light. We could here every train that came through the station as well as anyone walking thought the lobby. I don't know if noise was this bad in every room or only the once located in the basement level.We were very close to the train and bus stations easy walk to Buckingham Palace and other sites, access to train station for &quot;Gatwick Express&quot; was helpful, close to all central bus and train lines. Hotel staff were adequate and helped arrange a Double Decker bus tour for us, but not overly friendly or accommodating. Hotel is not actually on Buckingham Palace Road, but on a tiny side street just over a little bridge, which made it very difficult to find. We asked many locals, finally we went into the bus station and asked the info booth there, where they had to look it up on a map even though you could literally see the street from the station. I guess different parts of the same street go by different names. Breakfast was adequate, but dinning area was very small, was hard to find a seat in Nov, would hate to be there in the summer? Hot Coffee, tea, chocolate, etc. were available in the lobby at all times, which was nice when you can back from a chilly afternoon of site seeing. I would look for something better and farther from the station to avoid the noise, but over all it was clean and basic. I would stay here only if you get a excellent price or as a last resort.	
Dec 1 2006 	ticked all the boxes	Spend ages trying to get a hotel that would suit my particular needs on this trip. I had to spend one night in London in a single room on a tight budget and time short. Travelling into Victoria Station I wanted to stay somewhere I could drop my bags quickly and similar for the return trip but I was slightly worried about staying on my own in that area. I was delighted with my choice of the Comfort Inn .. My train arrived in Victoria at 10.30 and by 11.00 I had booked into hotel and was half way to Trafalgar Square.. Very helpful and welcoming at reception .. gave me a map of london and I was on my way ... My room was much better than the standard single room I am sick of .. it was a twin .. and at a brilliant price of 49 pounds .. ( booked on the hotel website .. the cheapest by far ) .. shiny clean .. good working shower .. comfortable bed .. all very modern looks like entire hotel was refurbished recently ..I did like the Location ..walked to Trafalgar Square .. a nice walk but it is half hour and later walked to Harrods another half hour walk so depending on what you want to do may not be suitable for you ... to give you an idea of taxi prices .. I got a cab from Harrods to Victoria street for 8 pounds .. I think this was a bit dear and that I was had ..brought back the scenic route! .. A taxi to Waterloo was 7 pounds and from Westminster to the hotel was 6 pounds ... ( it was so easy to get a taxi .. thought the road of the hotel might be a bit quite but I got one in seconds ) ... The location is on a street that is part residential also and is actually quite nice .. walk down Buckingham Palace St as far as Elizabeth Bridge and then turn left and you will see it ... you can walk up to station at bit quicker by heading up Hugh Street at the other side of the hotel ... I walked up Elizabeth Street fromthe other side of the bridge and some fab shops up there .. lovely coffee shops ...and on the morning before I left I went for a walk .. ended up in Pimlico .. again some lovely shops .. a lovely area to take a walk ... and of course Victoria Street itself had loads of shopping and restaurants ... Oh yes I did get a bus back from Trafalgar Square to Victoria .. bought a 1.50 ticket at the bus stop .. got the no 24 ... ( I think it worth checking out the buses .. they are a nice way to travel .. the hotel told me about the 24 but I wasn't quite sure where to get heading up .. ) Breakfast was included in the price .. it was only OK .. they did have yoghurts .. juice .. all cereals .. toast .. marlamade .. danish pastries .. Ibut still very basic and it is in reception or you can bring back to your room .. it fine if you don't want breakfast to be an occasion ! ... but I did love the fact they had tea and coffee machine free 24 hours .. and there is internet access in reception also ten minutes free .. Now would I stay there again ... I just don't know ..that is why I find reading these reviews so helpful .. everyone has different needs on their trip ...so you have to be able to compare your needs with the needs of the reviewer at that particular time .... if I was on a romantic trip ...No ( unless I was with the person years and we considered it romantic to save money!! .. cos it is still modern ) ..( I noticed hotel just beside victoria called Hesperia which looked very nice .. more expensive but again for a different trip .. also the Victoria Plaza ... ) ... .. if I was using Victoria Station .. and was on budget ... yes definitely .... if I was travelling alone and wanted somewhere I felt totally safe .. yes definitely .... if I was on a shopping or sightseeting trip .. I think I would look for a different location ... Some say the trains are noisy .. I only heard one in the distance once and was only aware of it cos of the reviews .. also window very very small and no view .. faced into basement so if that is important to you .. better check first with hotel. I hope you find this helpful ..	
Oct 25 2006 	Clean but a little too close to the train station	This is a good choice if you are on a tight budget - the room was very clean and the staff was very helpful and pleasant. The only draw-back was that we had room that faced the tracks for Victoria station, so you had a lot of train noise (after a while you did get used to it). Other than that, it was a good hotel and the location was very convenient to Victoria station. I would consider staying here again (but get a room at the front - street-facing - side of the hotel!	
Oct 9 2006	NICE-- We were pleasantly surprised !!	It was extremely difficult to choose a hotel for our stay in London. After days of reading reviews I chose this one. Reviews were mixed, and we were not sure what to expect. Price was good for a clean hotel in London. Room was adequate size, but not spacious. Free Internet connection. VERY CLEAN AND VERY QUIET. No air-conditioning, but window opened to a quiet street and we were immediately given a large fan..... comfortable temperature. Recently renovated-- evrything in very good condition. Nice shower-- great water pressure and temperature control. A wonderful &quot;continental&quot; breakfast was provided.... more food than expected and quite filling. Cocoa, coffee, tea available 24 hours. Good elevator-- we were on 2nd floor. A 3-hour early check-in was allowed and we had only a 5 minute wait for our room. Location is EXCELLENT, and was the main reason we choose this hotel. Victoria COACH (buses) Station is less than a block, and the Tube/Underground... Victoria Station... was about a 5 minute walk. USE THE TUBE !! BUY A LONDON PASS !! We were glad we did both. I highly recommend this hotel for anyone visiting London with family, and planning to see the sights. This location cannot be beat for this price !! Staff was friendly and accomodating.	
Oct 7 2006 	Comfort Inn - Comfort in what!!!	The hotel was handy for Victoria Bus &amp; Train Station, but that's about all. We stayed here for 1 night in June 2005, and if we could've got a train or bus home to Scotland any earlier than we did, we would have. The room was small with a double bed crammed up against 3 walls. There were no extra pillows and worst of all no air con, although advertised as being there. This was a very hot night and even with the window wide open there was absolutely no air. We asked the night porter if we could change rooms but he said there was none available, even though the vacancy sign was still up. Eventually he offered us 2 single rooms. This was the last night of our honeymoon, which we told him - so single rooms were not an option. The breakfast room/lobby was busy in the morning. It has to be said the buffet breakfast was the best part of this hotel. But it's too small to accommodate the number of people staying in the hotel.We would NOT recommend this hotel to anyone - ever!	
Oct 6 2006 	Convenient location	3 adults stayed here for 4 nights late September 2006. The staff at the front desk were very nice and friendly and helpful. There is a PC in the front area for guest use if you need to send email or whatever. The room was a triple room, and it was nothing special but it was clean. We had a little fridge in the room which was nice to have. The location of this hotel is just about 2 blocks from Victoria Station so it's convenient to anywhere you want to go in London since you can get the subway train there. We went all over town with no problem and we've never been in England before. Also a few blocks down from the hotel is a place to wash clothes, which I used TWICE, they call it a launderette. That was a nice thing to have nearby. The price for the hotel was outrageously expensive but then so were all the others so we had no choice. The trains coming into the station were VERY loud every 10 minutes or so, 24 hours a day. We tried to ignore the noise.	
Oct 4 2006 	Computer rules over the guests	We stayed two consecutive nights at the hotel in September 2006. We had made separete reservations for these nights, and the computer had allocated different rooms for us since it did not know that we were the same persons. The staff was initially helpful and said they managed to re-allocate the rooms in the computer so that we did not have to move for the second night.When we arrived at the hotel for the second night we were told that they had not been able to keep the promise and had moved our things into a different room. Had we known this in advance, we would have packed the things in the morning (it was our fault that we had separate reservations, so we could have complied). Now they had done it their way: toothpaste was in the same bag with documents; used shirt in the bag of clean laundry, the small safe had been opened (so much about security) and our passports and return tickets deposited at the front desk. Thus it appears that bookings in the computer rule the physical world in this hotel, despite what the hotel staff told us when we checked in.Noise from the passing trains was another issue, but we were so tired that we managed to sleep with windows open.Otherwise the hotel was nice and clean; the rooms recently renovated, staff friendly, everything worked as expected. A small surprise was that the TV channels in the two rooms were different.	
Sep 24 2006 	isn't hospitality all about friendness?	took us AGES to find this place, located a bit far from the tube and the train station (ok, i blame the tourist information centre for not showing us the right location at first).The block in the reception area never smiled, and when i was there he kept talking to his co-worker, which annoyed me, after the long walk around the area. We were stayed on the 2nd floor and by the time i was there, i realized he didn't give me my room key, so i went downstairs and asked for it, he insisted that he gave me to me already, but I saw that key on his desk and pointed at that, he gave it to me and the look on his face was like 'yeh so what, everyone makes mistakes'. It was unplesant. There's a computer hooked up near the reception area with internet, i was going to go online and the screen showed 'login/logoff' so i thought each room has a specific account, so i clicked logoff, and yes, couldn't go online after that. I asked the receiption guy (same person) and he looked not amused and told us not to logoff. Yeh, like I knew it beforehand. Terrible staffThe room was ok, reason for choosing this place to stay was the fact that it's located right next to the megabus stop, had an early trip to Manchester the next day so it was really convenient. Otherwise I wouldn't have chosen that place, it's expensive comparing with other budget hotels	
Sep 6 2006 	Gem	Make no mistake, this is a budget hotel. This rooms are small and there is no a/c (normal for London). The greatest asset of this hotel is its staff. They will take excellent care of you. They keep the entire property clean and neat. The hotel has been updated and everything is well maintained. The continental breakfast buffet is as good as those served at hotels charging much more.A good value with some of the nicest staff anywhere.	
Sep 3 2006 	Nice and clean	Stayed at the hotel for 2 nights in July. Nice, spotlessly clean room and bathroom. I found the staff very friendly and helpful.Fantastic location. The room backed on to Victoria Station, but I didn't find that troublesome at all. All in all, great value.I might also mention a lovely fish and chip restaurant in Elizabeth Street. Can't remember the name, but you have to cross Buckingham Palace Road and it is only a couple of minutes from the hotel..	
Aug 29 2006 	a nice place to stay	This hotel was very nice in most categories:-location-ambiance-safety-service-cleanliness-room size (london standards)-proximity to transportation-proximity to shops and eateriesThe breakfast was a bit bland, but the free hot drink machine available to patrons at any time of the day was an unexpected and appreciated surprise.The only negative for this hotel was that as it very near Victoria Station, trains can be heard (and sometimes felt) rumbling through the day and night. Bring earplugs if you are a light sleeper. My wife and I got used to it after the first night because it isn't all that loud.	
Aug 11 2006	Excellent people work there	We stayed At Comfort Inn Buckingham Palace Road for 3 nights in June on the way from the US to Croatia. First of all, it was not easy to find a triple room (a family with teenage son) at that time of the year that will be quite decent and won't break your wallet. I based my reasearch on Tripadvisor and wasn't dissappointed. We didn't expect anything grand. We wanted to spend our money sightseeing and going out... Our room on the third floor was quite small but well kept and clean. Bathroom and shower worked perfectly, no smells. Maid services excellent. We slept with the windows open and heard the trains but it didn't bother us. It's a big city, and that's part the life there. Breakfast was very good. If you want to go get it some other place, you'll spend 15-20 pounds easy. The following situation deserves special attention. After we left I noticed that I don't have my golden necklace with me. I thought I had left it in the hotel. When on the way back to the US we changed planes in London I called the hotel and they found it. I was very impressed with the honesty and integrity of the people who work there. If i'm in London again, there's no better place to stay.	
Jul 26 2006 	Not a pleasant experience	Our daughter, my husand and I stayed at the Comfort Inn for 4 nights, June 28 to July 2. I requested a quad room which we got. The room was located in the basement which is probably why the room smelled like a sewer. I've been in portalets at public events that smelled better than this bathroom. The smell spread thoughout the room. We mentioned this problem to the hotel staff and we were told to pour water down the floor drain in the bathroom.This complaint didn't seem to surprise the staff and we certainly had no intention of fixing it ourselves. Someone did come in to try to fix the problem the last night but the smell returned by morning. After the first night we requested a different room but the only room available did not have enough beds.. We had a message the first night we were there but the clerk did not tell us how to retrieve it, instead insisting we had no message, &quot;the red light is always on.&quot; We also had a problem w/ the television and asked someone to come check it. The next morning we asked why no one had come down and the man who told us he would be down the night before, said &quot;I didn't know your room number.&quot; Hellooo! maybe this should have been ascertained when we made the request. We did get a fan which we requested due to no a/c and lack of ventilation. And the shower was excellent - great pressure and instant hot water. One just had to tolerate the wretched odor in the bathroom while showering.	
Jul 24 2006	Great hotel and service	The Hotel is very close to the Victoria Station.The room and the bathroom are very clean.I was in a room under the 1st floor level, so the window has a view on the wall, but this is not a problem for me, because I spent very few time in the hotel.The quality of the breakfast is very good.I reccomend this hotel to all the people that wants to visit London without to spend much money for the hotel, and want to be close to the city centre. Buckingham Palace is at about 5 minutes walk.	
Jul 18 2006	Good value for money	We stayed at the Comfort Inn for two nights before returning home. We enjoyed our stay except for one thing, which was not the fault of the hotel. We were there during very hot weather and, since the rooms are not air-conditioned, we had to open the window wide to be able to sleep. This would have been fine except that our room faced the street AND the train tracks leading to Victoria Station. The trains run all night and are quite noisy. Workmen were doing repairs on the tracks the second night from about 2:30am, which added to the racket. Needless to say, we didn´t get much sleep. On the positive side, the hotel is clean and comfortable. The staff is friendly and helpful and the continental breakfast includes quite a number of choices. As we checked out, I commented on the noise and was told that they do have some 'quiet rooms' which you just need to request when you reserve. We will use this hotel again since it is very good compared to others we've stayed in that cost about the same. The location, just steps from Victoria Station, is convenient for the tube and for buses.	
Jun 25 2006 	Good value for money but not a place for a special stay	I travel to London on business thre or four times and year and need hotels. As some readers will know, the rates vary wildly with seasons, holidays, districts, and where you look. I had a relatively small budget of 70 GBP for this trip and needed to be pretty near the Mall and in the end I found this hotel was fine for one night in high summer. The scare stories on this site persuade one to look very carefully for a buget place in the capital. I wasn't expecting much - however, this place was good. The reception staff were friendly and helpful enough (given the standard of the place), and the free internet and free coffee (although not great) were nice touches. The breakfast was OK as a quick start to the day. My single room was disappointing in some respects. It was horribly gloomy - being at basement level at the foot of a deep and narrow shaft. It couldn't escape the noise of all the other rooms that backed onto this shaft, or indeed, of the trains that rattled by freequently. It was also small and relatively cramped. Yet the decor was much better than I expected at this price, and the bathroom was clean and comfortable - the shower being particularly good. The bed was fine too.I was out in the evening and off early in the morning so I literally just needed a bed for the night. For this purpose, and at 69 quid, this place was OK and I'd stay again. It's also very handy indeed for the major coach interchange at Victoria. However, I wouldn't really recommend it if you're staying for a while or it's a special break / holiday... this is a very good place to stay before a airport-dash or a early morning meeting. Don't come here for your honeymoon or that special weekend away!	
Mar 26 2006	Good Place	Two blocks from Victoria Station. 15-20 min walk to Buckingham Palace. Room was small by American standards but plenty of room for to early 30 somethings. No drawers so that you could unpack. Walls are thin so if you plan on sleeping late you probably will not be able to. There is a lift which like everything else is small; 2 people &amp; their luggage max in lift. Breakfast is very simple, cereal, toast, jelly, OJ, bagels. Nothing fancy. Overall I enjoyed my stay. You do not go to London to stay in hotel room. If you want to stay in your room do not stay here. This place is for those who need a place to sleep, shower, &amp; store luggage. Place was very clean with maid service daily. I would stay again.	
Mar 13 2006 	Noisy but nice hotel	Comfortable hotel for the price, but staff are inclined not to check requests. I asked for a non-smoking room NOT on the lower ground level. Guess what I got? A smoking room (with a dirty ashtray in the bathroom cupboard!) below ground level! To add to the problem the room was right next to the lift that clunked its way up and down all night! Not ideal when you're travelling for business purposes and have to work the next day. The receptionist could not change the room and the next day the manager apologised and said if I stayed there again they would ensure my requests were met. Breakfast was adequate and the staff friendly.	
Feb 13 2006	good value for the money!	Pros-good location, clean, nice friendly staff, inexpensivegood value for the money.Cons-bed: so/so, room: SMALL, no fresh coffee/fruit at breakfast, no sewing supplies on handThe Bottom LineMoney tight? Planning to spend most of your time out and about? you could do WORSE than this well-located, well-run little hotel... It's 4star because it's a GREAT value.Full ReviewI recently had to go to London from NY for just a weekend to attend a friend's wedding. I was pleased AND obligated to go and wasn't feeling particularly flush. The airfare alone represented, for me, a terrific expense. I was pleased to discover the Comfort Inn Buckingham Palace Road because of its price: I paid 98 pounds for a small (really small, actually) single bed room for two nights.Now... as I have now learned, having been to London and back, the scale of everything in London is quite a bit smaller than the US... I was a single person needing a single bed. My room was practically closet sized... it was REALLY small.. but.. since all I really needed was a place to sleep and shower and a desk to use my 'puter from time to time the room was actually totally adequate... I was pleased to find the in-room safe so I could stow my valuables.. but chagrined to NOT find a fridge so I could store my own food.. Another thing that might shock the average American traveler: the hotel does not provide little bottles of shampoo &amp; conditioner.. it provides, instead, these upside-down dispensers of Dove brand combination body wash/shampoo. There's one in the shower and one next to the hand sink. Breakfast comes with the room... but it's limited to 7:30am - 9:30am... no fresh fruit available... but I did find the muesli delicious and the yoghurts had fruit in them.... it's nothing fancy but you can get your allotment of carbs to get you through the day.. the coffee comes out of a fancy vending machine that does everything from espresso to mocha... it's drinkable but not great.. i guess the flip side is that the machine is on and available 24/7 ...The location was unbelievably convenient... Right around the corner from Victoria Station... short walk to St. James' park... found good coffee, pubs and restaurants right in the area... It so happened that I needed the services of a tailor.. and the desk staff directed me to a very reasonable one 5 minutes away on foot...In spite of the fact that I'd been to the tailor, one night I discovered that I was missing an important button on my tux jacket... I was about to leave for the evening... the desk staff at this hotel did NOT have any sewing supplies on hand... I had to go to a BIGGER hotel nearby (The Dorchester) to acquire a small sewing kit so I could fix my jacket... I don't care whether or not they have sewing kits in each room at this hotel but they should have SOMETHING on hand for guests to use in an emergency...Although the place DOES have an elevator I suspect it's probably not the most disabled-person-friendly place to stay in London.I *would* think *twice* about taking my wife and family here because they've been spoiled somewhat by hotels in the US and Canada which have bigger rooms and pools and such... but... if all you need is a clean, non-sleazy place to stay that's inexpensive and well located you could do A LOT worse than the Comfort Inn Buckingham Palace Road.RecommendedYes	
Feb 9 2006 	Newly refurbished but don't forget the earplugs!	I chose the Buckingham Palace Road Comfort Inn for one night on business due to its reasonable price (£49 online) and proximity to victoria station. However, one thing I didn't bargain for was the fact that is was right next to the train track! The noise was terrible- every ten minutes, all through the night- and I normally sleep like a log! That said, the hotel has been recently been refurbished, and although the rooms were not overly large, there were all the usual facilities (no trouser press) and spotlessly clean bedroom and ensuite areas. My room even had a small balcony. The complimentary continental breakfast was very good- toast, cereals, pastries, fruit, juices (although there were not many tables, which could be a problem during busy times). The staff were friendly, and quite happy to look after my baggage all afternoon after checking out.So, four stars awarded for cleanliness, facilities and location... Just remember your earplugs!	
Jan 28 2006	Clean 	We stayed in this hotel in London for 4 nights and it was clean and comfortable. We chose it for it's proximity to Green Line coach station, just a 2 minute walk to the hotel. The hotel is situated near Victoria railway (&amp;bus) station, but after a while you hardly notice the trains. The hotel was clean, the room was not very big, but had everything you need. Decoration was good, not luxurious. Photos on their website were a good representation of the actual rooms. Small bathroom, but the showercubicle was spacious enough and the shower was perfect. We had a room on the first floor, the basement rooms I would not recommend. Nice and helpfull staff, posibility to by tickets at the reception. The breakfast was good, plenty of cereals, orange juice, coffee as much as you like, croissants and toast, marmelade/jam/cheese. The only downside: the breakfast room is the reception area, which is small and very crowded in the morning. Bus station, Train station, subway and 2 theatres (currently performing Billy Elliot&amp;Saturday Night Fever) only a few minutes walking from the hotel.The hotel is about a 5 minute walk from Buckingham Palace and ca. 10 minutes from Westminster Cathedral, 12 from Westminster Abbey/Houses of Parliament. Belgravia, the area surrounding Victoria Street Station is nice enough (although a station always attracts a lot of people) and the hotel is very centrally located in London.	
Jan 27 2006	It's a lovely pleace to stay!	The hotel is very good, the localization is perfect (near to victoria coach station), the breakfast is good and the personal staff is so friendly!	
Dec 18 2005	Great Value Great Service		
Sep 4 2005	Very good deal for the money		
Aug 29 2005	It definitely was worth the money!		
Aug 14 2005	Not-so-comfortable Inn		
Jul 27 2005	pros and cons		
Mar 9 2005 	Not bad at all		
Feb 13 2005 	Small room but clean and comfortable.		
Nov 29 2004	It was lovely.		
Dec 29 2003	Excellent refurbished hotel at reasonable prices		
Nov 21 2003	Puaj!!!		
Nov 21 2003	Muy aceptable		
Nov 21 2003	estupendo		
Nov 3 2009	Bruyant!		
Jul 7 2009	Un buen hotel por un precio módico.		
Jun 2 2009 	Sauberes Hotel mit nettem Personal		
May 12 2009 	Excelente Ubicación y Servicio!!		
Jan 5 2009 	ottimo rapporto qualità/prezzo		
Oct 30 2008 	Vicino Victoria Station		
Sep 16 2008 	Un albergo dove tornare		
Aug 21 2008 	Così così		
Jun 8 2008 	Voto 65		
May 5 2008 	ottimo hotel posizione super		
Jan 3 2008 	Lo consiglio vivamente!		
Dec 10 2007 	stupendo comfort inn buckingham palace road		
Sep 18 2007 	Excelente para conocer Londres		
Aug 14 2007 	Pro e Contro		
May 28 2007 	Bene ;-)		
