Nov 25 2009 	Great location nice hotel tiny rooms	The hotel was just as antiipated- modern, very clean (my #1 criteria), convenient with tiny rooms. We took the cheapest room since we are only in the room to sleep and the room was as past reviews stated tiny, and he bed small. One side of double bed was against the wall, other side had about 18&quot; between bed and closet. There was a nook with a desk, TV, frig, comfortable bed-although small, good AC and an elevator so it had all we needed. We went on a cruise from here and our cabin on the ship felt large and spacious after 2 nights in our tiny room. The location was great -Several tube and bus lines, plus a hop-on hop-off bus stop right at your door, plus Hyde Park was a few blocks away. There were a good choice of reasonable pubs and restaurants within a block or 2, most frequented by the locals. The include breakfast was a choice of anything on the menu at their sister hotel a block away (went there the 2 days and had a great breakfast) or at the coffee shop type restaurant located next door (door in lobby leads to it) to hotel. The staff were pleasant and helpful. We thought it was a decent buy and would stay here again, but if you go for the lowest priced rooms expect TINY.	
Nov 15 2009 	not clean no minimum services for 4 star hotel	3nights hotel accommodation during world travel market - i'm specialist in tourism - 2 nights without heating , no room service for the one day - 3rd day electricity problem without emergency plan - not hot water, no hot breakfast - and finally no protection of the customer rights	
Nov 9 2009 	Close to Paddington Station	Our room was so terribly small. It was supposed to be a king bed room, but was really a queen bed. They said that was their &quot;king&quot; bed. The bathroom was so small two people could not be in it at the same time. The decor was very nice - very pretty contemporary styling. Good fabrics. But, it was just too small - especially the bed. We were uncomfortable all night.We were very tired after our flight and it was very convenient to stay just outside the door of Paddington Station where the Heathrow Express comes in. There is a MacDonald's next door to the hotel that had the best coffee. So, that was helpful. Reception staff were unpleasant.	
Nov 3 2009 	Having read the mixed review bag on TripAdvisor we decided to book - and are bloody glad we did	OK: normally I'd avoid anything with the words Quality and Crown in the title; but we found this hotel on TripAdvisor and after thinking about it, we decided to book. We wanted a convenient, clean, central and no-frills hotel near Paddington as the station has the Heathrow Express and great underground (tube) connections. We spent two nights there. Internet bookings were punctual and no fuss. The room was ready on arrival (At 13h30) and the greeting was sincere. Third floor and road facing. Not too noisy with the window shut and the aircon on at all (as some have claimed on this site) - we slept well and peacefully (but hey; this is LONDON not the Lake District!)The room contained a double bed and we could comfortably walk around it with two suitcases against the wall. A dressing table, cupboard, tea and coffee station and a small bathroom (toilet, basin on a stand with hairdryer that worked) and a shower big enough for one. Could we ask for more at the price? No way! Friends had offered for us to stay with them, but as two adults wanting a bit of bathroom space and privacy we declined and booked this. It was superb for the price and we wiul lreturn time after time. The station is a 1 minute walk away. Shops and restaurants, plus pubs, abound nearby. There are plenty of taxis and the whole episode was great.Avoid GArfunkels - the restaurant attached to the reception and walk 50 metres down the side street for a choice of cheap and cheerful breakfast delis, cafe's and there's even a fish and chip shop if you want one plus all the usual fast food suspects within two minutes walk. It was great. Avoid what the moaners say on this site. We loved it.	
Nov 1 2009 	Appalling value and very noisy	First impression was poor as the doorman opened the door for me but did not offer to help me with my heavy suitcase up the steps to the hotel.We had requested a quiet room at the back. The receptionist assured me it was at the back. I took her at her word. The room was very small but very modern. However the beds were rock hard, the room was stuffy and the buses stopped and started all night right outside our window which was - despite our requests - on the main street. We called at 1.30 am having had no sleep to ask to change to a quieter room. We were told we would be charged extra and there was only one single available. We stayed in our room and had an almost sleepless night, the day before taking a long-haul flight. We will never return to this hotel. We got an apology the next day but nothing else. Apart from its proximity to Paddington it has nothing to commend it.	
Oct 30 2009 	DISAPPOINTMENT RIGHT FROM THE RESERVATION	I did not stay at this hotel but to write this commentary Tripadvisor asks us to give an average rate. I rated excellent based on some reviews I read here, but I have never been to this hotel.I just want to evaluate the reservation quality of Quality Crown Paddington Hotel. I made a reservation for the period 9 to 14nov2009 and was shown a confimation number. As the Central Reservation Office did not send me a confirmation e-mail, I asked by telephone about 5 times to send me it. I also sent about 3 e-mails begging for the confirmation e-mail, which never came. So on 30 nov 2009 I cancelled my reservation by telephone with Alina and was given the cancelation number X415703. I do wish they cancelled my reservation and I not be charged equivalent to one night's stay. Perhaps now I would finally receive at least the cancelation e-mail. Would you trust your reservation is assured if the hotel does not send you a confirmation e-mail after booking?	
Oct 27 2009 	Good value-Great location	We stayed here for 5 days in early October. We had a executive king room, and it was just fine. King bed, seating area, nice bath, flat screen TV. We were on the first floor and could hear some noise from trains, but it stopped in late evening and did not disturb our rest. We had the full English breakfast each morning and it was very good. Staff was wonderful - always greeting us and asking where we had been. Restaurant suggestions were just what we wanted. Very easy to use Tube for all parts of the city and direct rail to Heathrow on the final morning.	
Oct 25 2009	Recommend friendly staff great location	I have stayed in this hotel on my last 3 visits to London, single rooms are quite small but more that adequate, this visit we had a twin room and it was surprisingly large. Breakfast was served in Garfunkels on ground floor and the choice was excellent. The hotel is ideally situated with Oxford Street within walking distance, and buses are a 2 minute walk from the hotel as is the tube. Free wifi was a bonus and worked well. The hotel staff and the staff in Garfunkels were very friendly and welcoming. I will definately be back	
Oct 19 2009 	Central to Station	We stayed one night as we were using the Heathrow Express the next morningWe informed the hotel during the week that we would be arriving late and they said that would not be a problem Due to a 2 hour delay at Lille Eurostar did not arrive in until 9.15pm so when we arrived at paddington it was after 10pm The receptionist was very apologetic but said due to a water leak our room was not available and we had to have 2 single rooms on separate floors but they offered us complementary breakfast to make up for itThe single room was tiny but very well equiped and of a high standard obviously ideal for an overnight stop for a business traveller as it had everything required I do not know what the twin rooms are like There was a Garfunkles beside reception where we had something to eat at 10.45pm and a good breakfast next morning. The hotel is beside Paddington station and is ideal for travelling either by underground or mainline also Heathrow Express which take 15 minutes to Heathrow Airport	
Oct 18 2009 	Location is ideal...service could use some improvement	I just came back from a 5 night stay here. I booked a king contemporary online through their website. First impression when I got off the train at Paddington was that the hotel could not be better located...it is literally just outside the stairs of the Underground and train station...plus buses come/go right in front. Also, there are lots of fast food options like Burger King, McDonald's and KFC right next to the hotel and several grocery/conveneince stores in the train station. The positives of the hotel...the free wi-fi, free breakfast and gym. The wi-fi was reliable and very convenient. The hotel gym had ample equipment and a large tv to watch while working out. The breakfast can be eaten at the attached restaurant or down around the corner where their other hotel (Hotel Indigo) is located...I tried both and have to say the Indigo seemed to have a better spread...typical continental breakfast with croissants,rolls, juice, meats, etc. The negative of the hotel - the room size. They are small, surprisingly small...I was expecting this since it is a European hotel but I was still a bit surprised...I thought a king room would give me a little more room but not really...I could hardly walk around the bed...the desk was small but there was a closet for my clothes...with my 2 suitcases I found myself cramped, and I was alone. The TV was mounted on the wall and had lots of channels to watch. The bed, while a king, is really a double/queen by American standards...it was sufficient though. The thing that bothered me most about the room was the bathroom...it was very clean and the shower pressure was great, but it was cramped and dark...I had a hard time moving around in it and it was dark, even with the lights on. There were just a few small recessed lights and you were always in your own shadow. But, it was clean. My biggest complain overall was the service. Other than the first time when I checked in I really had no interaction with the staff until the day before I left...I walked by the front counter several times a day coming/going and at no time was I greeted...but the day before I left I came back at 2pm to find my room not cleaned...I called the front desk and they said they would have someone clean it right away since they left for the day at 4pm...I left and went to the gym for an hour so I wouldn't be in the way, I wouldn't fit in the room with someone else anyway...I came back at 3pm and the room was still not made up but there were new towels, so someone was there...I called down and was abruptly told by Jenny (front desk) that the reason the room wasn't made up earlier was because of a do not disturb sign on the door (not true) and that this was all they could do as the staff is now gone...I was upset with this reply and asked why I was told they were there to 4pm at which time Jenny rudely told me &quot;I'm not going to explain our internal procedures to you&quot;...which did not sit well with me...as I left for the evening I stopped by the front desk to confront Jenny about her attitude and she was just as defiant in person, which left a lasting impression...while the location is great, I have to believe you could probably do just as well, with better service elsewhere...I wouldn't rule out another stay here as it is very convenient but the rooms aren't cheap and they are very, very small...and the service experience was not ideal. Let me know if you have any questions.	
Oct 13 2009 	Incredible Staff-Great Location	We loved this hotel. The staff was incredible without exception, but especially Herman and George who went out of their way to be helpful. The location is perfect. Close to the train from Heathrow and right next to an underground station. Our room was exceedingly clean (more cudos to the staff) and very quiet. We've already recommended this hotel to others who have stayed there. We feel it was an incredible value for the money considering how expensive London can be. My mother is 78 and loved the fact that she was so close to the train station and underground stations. We loved that is was a smaller hotel, very quiet, safe and friendly. We hope to return soon.	
Oct 12 2009 	Small rooms but clean and convenient	My wife and I stayed here on our recent trip to London, and were very happy with this hotel. The Heathrow Express train drops you off literally a couple doors down from the hotel - no lugging your bags up and down the streets of London. We arrived several hours before check-in time, but the helpful and courteous staff had our room ready and showed us right up. There are only three things I would count against this hotel. First, and most importantly, the rooms are VERY SMALL. We had a standard King room, and there is only just enough room to walk around the bed. If you are a big person, you will want to upgrade to the larger Executive rooms. The second issue is the bed was very hard, and we could feel springs poking us in the back - the mattresses really need to be replaced. Last, the location, though extremely convenient for travelers, is not exactly in the heart of anything - though there are several eateries, convenience stores, etc. in the area. But expect to take a cab or the Underground (as we did) if you want to go anywhere interesting.All that aside, the hotel is quite nice. The rooms look very sharp, and have nice modern furniture. There is also a 115-volt plug at the desk! The bathroom was very nice, clean, and modern as well. The room was almost too quiet at night - very nice. All the amenities you need are there. We would definitely consider staying here again in the future.	
Oct 12 2009 	Disappointed	I have stayed at this hotel many times in the past , however on my past two trips once in July and another in September I was disappointed to learn that the service at this hotel has deteriorated significantly. The phone in the room did not work on one trip and there is a charge for internet, wireless however is free. Overall this is a no frills, bare bones hotel so you get what you pay for. This hotel is best suited if you need to be close to the Paddington train station, otherwise I'd stay somewhere else.	
Oct 3 2009 	Convenience plus	Stayed in this hotel for 4 nights and couldnt have been happier. Location is fantastic, 20 mins from Heathrow on the express train, right next to the station. Rooms were surprisingly quiet, with little or no outside noise. The rooom, while being small was clean and comfortable, and perfect for sleeping at night and a base to explore all over London. Bathroom was evry stylsih and clean, although the water pressure on the shower was quite low, but its similar all over England, so no real complaints. The staff were friendly and helpful. Didnt eat in the restuarant so not sure what they was like, but seemed to br pretty full most of the time i went by, and there are quite a few restaurants and pubs in the area that youcan take your choice either way.	
Sep 22 2009 	Everything excellent except for ................	We stayed for 3 nights. Superbly located. The room is small but clean and compact. Our only nightmare is the bed that is noisy when one move and turn on the bed. What a shame! It would have been a perfect stay for us.	
Sep 13 2009 	very good hotel brilliant location	after arriving earlier than check in on the train into paddington, we thought we would drop the cases off at hotel but they suprised us by handing the keycards and said the room was ready!- good start!the hotel is in a great location literally next door to paddington station and oppsite both tube lines also on the main bus routes and we found out on the open tour route which was a good bonus,as we had tickets!after reading many reviews we decided to book direct on the quality website so you can specify the room exactly, we went for a exec. king suite which was not huge but ample for two with a large bathroom. the room was nice and clean and made up well on the three mornings we were there. we ate breakfast in the attached garfunkels which was included in the tariff and was of a reasonable quality but not a large selection especially on the continental buffet.all in all a good hotel which is ideal for a few nights in london. and would definately use again.	
Aug 19 2009 	Great location small room very clean would stay again"	Me and the girlfriend stayed here on our trip to london in February 2009. It is as pictured, although the room is smaller then they make it out to be. If you have every stayed in a hotel in Manhattan... its the same. Everything was very clean, bed was nice, shower was small but very clean. See photos. The hotel restaurant is typical english food - comparable to a US applebees. It is 2 blocks from paddinton station which is GREAT to travel anywhere in london... you have all the trains, plus the underground... its a perfect location. The staff was also nice, the bell boy even got us tickets to the premiership game in one day. Long story short - safe area, nice hotel, small room.	
Aug 9 2009 	Excellent Location and Good Bargain	The Quality Crown Hotel Paddington is a very good London bargain at an excellent location. It is across the street from Paddington Station, which means if you are traveling to or from Heathrow it can't be beat. From Paddington you can catch the Tube to anywhere in London. There are many good restaurants nearby that range from classic English pubs to excellent Indian. We enjoyed exploring our options.The hotel is compact, but not cramped. The rooms are nicely equipped. Ours had a large wall-mounted flat-screen TV and an adequately sized work desk. The decor is classy and has a touch of sophistication that I did not expect for the &quot;big city&quot; price. It has a fitness center that we inspected but did not use. The equipment looked new and in good shape.The staff was friendly and very helpful. We did not eat at the adjacent Garfunkles, but went out to the local cafes. By the way, there is a Sainsburys Local, a Boots, and even a small Marks and Spencer food shop &quot;right next door&quot; in Paddington. It is hard to go wrong here.We will recommend this hotel to other visitors, and it is very high on our list for our next trip to London.	
Aug 7 2009 	Restaurant pulls down rating!	We were 3. Myself and my son +his friend (both 17). We originally booked a triple in the hotel in Hyde Park but on arrival were told there was something wrong with the room and were up-graded to 3 kingsize rooms in the Paddington Hotel. Great location. Staff friendly and helpful. Rooms were definitely on the small side but clean.The biggest let down is the arrangement they have with the restaurant next door.The breakfast buffet is pathetic! and on several mornings barely a sliced of cheese.The English breakfast together with drinks like tea and coffee are waitress service.Well I use the word 'service' lightly. 20 minutes for a cup of coffee. Under-staffed and rude personnel. The last day we walked out half way through eating a roll and cheese - we had waited 25 minutes and still no one had come to take our order. Someone should give the restaurant a lesson in customer service.	
Aug 1 2009 	Great hotel in great location	Great hotel if you book an executive room. Bed extremely comfortable. Breakfast and free wifi included. Literally next door to Paddington Station (both city link and Heathrow Express) and the open top double decker bus tour leaves from across the street. Garfunkels next door and the Soho down the road both good value for money. Recommend this hotel's inclusive executive rooms!!	
Jul 28 2009 	We had a great stay in this centrally located clean hotel.	The hotel is just a few steps from the underground making the trip to and from Heathrow a breeze. We had a hire car to return to Marble Arch, the hotel, being so central has no car park or even drop off point, you have to find a car park around the back, check in and then return the car. The location is excellent, right on the bus and train network, the rooms are the usual UK city snug, but adequate for our 3 night stop. The staff were helpful, the rooms very clean, and quiet even tho on the main street. We found a great Italian restaurant 'The ASK' nearby.	
Jul 28 2009 	Good base beside Paddington	This new hotel is modern, well-equipped and comfortable. Rooms are compact, but include LCD TV, ipod docking and free wi-fi. There's a small bar and the hotel is linked to Garfunkel's for breakfast and meals. If you want somewhere close to Paddington - or to the trains to Heathrow - this is a good base, with plenty of nearby restaurants.	
Jul 26 2009 	Great location!	Location, location, location! We only stayed here for one night, and location was the most important thing to us. On that score, this hotel was great. Rooms are modern and clean, but a bit on the small side. Hotel is very near Paddington Street Station. Another plus. Would stay again if in London for a short trip.	
Jul 11 2009 	Big enough for two clean modern quiet AC and great location.	Excellent service from the very friendly staff. Front desk personel were efficient and very nice, always speaking to us either on our way in or out. George was the best, arranging tours and suggesting things to do, how to get around or sites to see. He was always eager to help. George even asked for feedback on the tours after we got back. For London, the room was big enough for two adults. We were only in the room for sleeping and bathing. Very clean, modern, quiet, free wifi, breakfast available for an extra price, great A/C, and the location is great too. Next to Paddington Station, tube connections, bus connections, and Heathrow Express. There are many restaurants in the area, including fast food or small eateries. Money exchangers as well. After reading many other reviews of other hotels, I feel we made the right choice especially after seeing some of the hotel choices. We didn't want to pay a fortune, but wanted our own bathroom, big bed and AC. Wifi was a plus since our cell phones didn't work outside of the US. Certainly would stay here again!	
Jul 9 2009 	Great Location - small rooms	We stayed here both at the beginning and end of our trip to England. The location is terrific as it is across the street from Paddington station. It is a quick ride to Heathrow and to the underground to get around London. The rooms were small but very clean. You have to walk up a few steps to get into the lobby and they do not have sufficient space for luggage of early arrivals. There is a restaurant in the same building. We found a great pub just down the street (Pride of Paddington) for inexpensive meals and drinks. The neighborhood is quite active, so request a room away from the street.	
Jul 6 2009 	Nice hotel small room	The hotel is conveniently located next to Paddington station, which makes it easy to get to and from Heathrow, as well as around London. Room was nice and clean, but quite small. (Compact double room). The bed, desk and dresser took up much of the space, and we could barely fit two adults and two suitcases in the room. The bathroom was very nice and modern, and big, considering the size of the room. Staff was friendly and helpful, and when we asked for an extra duvet, (as we wanted two duvets instead of one large duvet to share), this was taken care of while we were out sightseeing. If staying here, I would definitely recommend booking one of the larger rooms (not the compact-rooms.)	
Jun 26 2009 	Good hotel in great location	We stayed at this hotel for three nights in June. The location is great, right next to Paddington Station, which is very convenient if you arrive on the Heathrow Express from the airport. There are also many busses that run outside the hotel and of course you are also right next door to the Tube. Despite this central location, at least our room was very quiet. We had booked a standard twin room but were upgraded to an executive room when we arrived. The room was very spcaious and clean and had comfortable beds. There was an airconditioner in the room, but it was a bit loud so it wasn't so nice to have it on during the night. The bathroom was also nice. However, the hot water pressure in the shower was not always so good. The breakfast was OK, typical English breakfast, nothing special, but not bad either. The staff at the hotel was nice and helpful and we would definitely stay here again on our next trip to London.	
Jun 26 2009 	Fantastic location	We stayed two nights - one in a King Size Executive room, which was roomy and well appointed, and one in a standard double which was not roomy, but was well appointed. Lifts and corridors were clean and modern. The location was terrific, right near Paddington train station and underground. Easy to drag suitcases. The staff at the front desk were very helpful and friendly. We were not able to get good reception for WiFi in either room, but in the lobby it was a bit stronger and could be accessed.During our stay, the restaurant was being refurbished, so we had to walk to a nearby hotel for breakfast. The food was very good, but the service was poor, and you had to ask if you could order, ask for coffee etc.	
Jun 12 2009 	Excellant location friendly staff nice corner room	My eight year old son &amp; I stayed at this hotel for 7 nights. We took the Heathrow Connect from the airport to the Paddington Station, and came right out to the hotel.We stayed on the 3rd floor in a corner suite. The room might be small but more than adequate for the 2 of us. And the washroom was very spacious. With the 3 big windows (2 in the sleeping area), it is very welcoming after a day out touring around.The hotel overall is very clean: room, corridor, stair and lobby.Very convenient location for food and going around: Besides the Garfunkel restaurant and MacDonalds right next door, there is Burger King, KFC, Subway, many other kind of restaurants, convenient stores etc within walking distance. Besides getting us around town on the tube, the Paddington Station also gets us to Windsor directly where we visited Legoland &amp; the Windsor Castle.The staff have been very friendly and helpful to us as we go to them for milk and ice almost everyday.Overall, it had been a very pleasant stay. Would recommend to those who like to be away from big group of party-goer	
Jun 10 2009 	Good location. Room and double bed for hobbits only	The location is excellent, next to Paddington Station, Paddington underground and with bus lines going to Piccadilly.There was a radio in our room with iPod dock, which is a good thing.Decoration was good too.BUT everything was so small, from the room to the bed to the toilette. The bed is big enough for one person but not for two people (about 120cm wide).The next morning we heard a lot of noise from side room and stairs. Terrible!!!When we told the receptionist how small the room was for two people, she tould us to make a reservation on their website next time, and ask for a contemporary room. Anyway, the room we were given shouldn't be allowed for two people, either making a reservation on their website or on any other.	
Jun 6 2009 	Good service!	We stayed at this hotel a total of four nights in a one week time period. The hotel staff was friendly, polite and VERY helpful. They recommended bus tours, told us where to get them, gave us directions to restaurants including the wonderful Victoria Pub a couple blocks away. They stored large bags when we traveled to Scotland for an overnight trip. The Wifi was wonderful. We tried Garfunkles Restaurant and experienced a full English Breakfast (baked beans, tomatoes and mushrooms!) The rooms are small but we used them to sleep as we were out sightseeing daily. The kettle heated water within 60 seconds for our morning tea/instant coffee in the room. (and held complimentary cookies!) LOVED the fact that Paddington Station was practically next door. (easy and fast to catch the Heathrow Express) Our favorite employee was George. He smiled, welcomed us back and was VERY helpful in directing us to good quality restaurants. (he seems to be there morning, noon and night!)	
Jun 3 2009 	back to my home town	home for me after 47 yrs in devon is still in london, my infrequent trips have now brought me to the crown hotel in paddington. our short stay was very pleasant ,the service was tops, from the room, staff,restarant and looking after our case the following day, where would we stay next time the crown of course.	
Jun 2 2009 	Great location and Good Value	My husband and I stayed here on two occasions in April and May. great location with direct access to Heathrow and next to Paddington station for the tube and trains. Buses are at the door with the 15 taking you across London out to The Tower. Lots of good eating around the hotel and a number of good pubs. Short walk and you are in Hyde Park. Our room was a Contemporary King corner room. Loved this room as windows opened which is a big plus. Room was well furnished and a good size for a European room. Bathroom was small but very modern with the BEST shower. We found staff very helpful and friendly. We booked directly with the hotel and had complimentary breakfast and WiFi included in the price which was a big advantage. We stayed twice at this hotel and also one week at their Hyde Park hotel which is five minutes away and also very good value. We will definately be staying here again and will recomend to our australian friends.	
Jun 1 2009 	Great value and location	Unlike some of the other reviews, we found this hotel to be quite satisfactory. Yes the reception staff is a bit dour, but that is the British way. The rooms, were small, but well appointed, not unlike many other hotels in London which have small rooms. Wi-Fi and breakfast were included. The breakfast was much better than other hotels we have stayed in in London.	
May 31 2009 	Lack of Quality be more like it !!!!	Having booked this Hotel online, due to its closeness to Paddington Train Station, at which we were arriving after a long trip up from South, I thought it was going to be a nice Hotel to relax in.........WRONG !!!!!........The moment you walk into the foyer you are greeted ( wrong wording ) by a sour faced male receptionist, who could not have been more unhelpful if he tried, and who basically, just threw the keys at us, after confirming our booking, and told us our room was on the 1st floor, Number 107 in fact, and that was it, for the time being. However when we got to the room, it was DREADFUL, pitch black, damp and dreary, and VERY small indeed, which was a total shock, as we had upgraded to a Contempary King Size Double on our booking online......So, back down to the reception to see why we had been given this drab room, only to be told they are ALL like that, just on different floors, which was a bit confusing to say the least, just what did we upgrade from / to !!!!Anyway, we were given the keys to room 407, and told to go and see what it was like, as he didn't want to fill in the paperwork if we were not going to stay in that one either, oh and to leave our luggage in the foyer too, just in case ( Basil Fawly anyone ) we were going to leave, and stay somewhere else !!!!!!......The room was indeed the same as the one downstairs in fact, just a bit brighter due to the sunlight coming through the window, but it was VERY small indeed, and difficult to move around without bumping into something. Luckily we were just staying overnight, so decided to stay, as it would have been difficult to get somewhere else to stay at that time of night, but its certainly not a Hotel I would ever recommend to anyone to stay in, and I'm still baffled by our &quot; Upgrade &quot;, but it by and by now...But, on the plus side, the staff in the Restuarant in the Morning were excellent, and could not have been more helpful. The breakfast menu was superb indeed, and the food itself was well presented, quite generous and very fresh, so it wasn't all gloom and doom at this Hotel, but we won't be going back there !!!!........	
May 30 2009 	Location!	The proximity to Paddington Station is the reason I chose this hotel. Paddington is home to Heathrow Express, three tube lines, and rail service to the western part of the country. Somehow, I was given an accessible room which is larger than standard doubles so I didn't have the problem that other reviewers had in regards to the small size of the room (most hotel rooms in large European cities are postage-size). Some people may be bothered by the continuous rumbling of the trains traveling below the hotel, but I found it soothing. The rooms were clean with a large TV, a radio with an iPod dock, and free WiFi. While I normally am not a fan of chain hotels, I would definitely consider staying here again.	
May 26 2009 	Fantastic Location Small Rooms	The reviews of this hotel seemed good when we booked it, and the location and price were ideal. We arrived in London at 0800h and caught the tube in, not realising there was an Airport Express directly to Paddington Train Station. When we got out of the Paddington Tube station (after a couple of changes of metro, lugging luggage around!), the hotel was literally right in front ot us. We were impressed with ourselves for that. The direct train to Heathrow, the Airport Express, costs 15 pounds one way, but is only 1 minute from the door of the hotel, which means Heathrow is about 21 minutes and 100 metres from the hotel door.The reception staff (usually there is only ever one on duty) was not particularly friendly, but he was efficient. He did crack half a smile of sympathy when he realised we had flown 22 hours and attempted to find a room to check into, but there weren't any available. The afternoon staff person wasn't any friendlier, but they didn't seem malicious or agititated either. Detached, is probably the correct description. The porter was friendly and looked after our bags, and seemed to be on for 12 hours a day for our entire stay. He doesn't take your bags up or down, though. All the other hotel staff were friendly.Although I knew the rooms were described by American reviewers as small, they were still a little smaller than I had expected. It is true there is barely enough room to open a single suit case. However, having stayed in Hong Kong and Ginza, Tokyo, this didn't trouble us too much. We were never going to spend enough time in the room to worry about it. The bathroom was small, but functional. The bed was probably queen sized rather than king, but it was comfortable. Wifi was free, and worked well.Interestingly the complimentary breakfast was supplied by a member of the Garfunkels chain of cafes, and it occupied a corner of the hotel and linked with the small lobby. The English breakfast (same as an American breakfast) was fatty, filling, and tasty. The continental breakfast was not so great as the bread was not inspiring. The croissant was moist, but not in a good way, for example. An English breakfast every day full steam ahead then, and damn the cardiac angina!The tube and bus is a very easy, very efficient, way to get to the city centre, and both are almost just at the hotel's front door. Get an oyster card. It's worth it.The location and value (for London) is great. The reception staff may need a small overhaul, but we didn't have any trouble. The rooms are tiny, but a reasonable place to sleep in. I would definitnely stay there again.	
May 18 2009 	Service at the Front Desk Was Terrible	Our son who had been in London on business for six weeks in 2007 recommended this hotel based on it's location to Paddington Station. I sent an e-mail to the Paddington address asking if a business center was available for free and if we could use it since I am a writer. We were informed by email that it was and was free. Upon arriving at the hotel I was told that I was&quot;misinformed&quot; and there was not a business center. As a first time traveler to London I hoped to get some information about directions, or trains in the town to tourist sites. The front desk could not provide information about locations or directions about town but were eager to sell tours from buses around the city, but only cash and not credit cards were accepted. The room was very small, but I must say the people that cleaned the rooms were very helpful and friendly. I would not recommend this hotel for tourists and those seeking to find information around the city.	
May 17 2009 	pricey and very small	We stayed here for 3 nights and having read the other reviews, we were prepared for a small room but it was even smaller than we expected - we had to stand our suitcases up and it was still a mini obstacle course to move around the room. Breakfast was included, but mediocre quality. The room rate also included free wifi internet - except they cut off our access at midnight the night before we checked out. We'd stayed across the road at the Paddington Hilton for the previous two nights (great weekend rate) and it was infinitely better, despite them both being so called four star hotels. The Quality Crown Paddington is definitely not 'four star', a very low three star at best. It's location is the only thing going for it.....even so, I'd rather stay at the Hilton (Paddington or the Metropole, a 10 minute walk away) or further away and pay for a taxi to get to Paddington Station. We paid 410 pounds for 3 nights and there are surely much better hotels around for that money.	
May 11 2009 	The Quality Crown London Paddington has the worst service I have seen in Europe but an excellent location!	In my case I requested an early arrival -a customer care representative assured me that should a room be available in the morning they would assign it to me. I was very impressed by her initial contact. However, when I got to the hotel no room was ready for me, but the reception person was assigning rooms to other guests -except me. He had me standing in front of him for about ten minutes without acknowledging my presence. I told him that if my room was not available that would be ok. He did not respond. I kept waiting. When he finally called me he had me fill the registration card. I asked when will he expect my room to be ready and he just told me that he was busy attending other customers that got there before me, not exactly the case in my opinion. When I asked again about an expected time he just told me &quot;I don't care if you leave&quot; I did exactly that. I went to the Hilton Paddington across the street. It was about 30% more expensive but MUCH BETTER. They had a room for me in spite of not having a reservation and everything was great. I would not recommend the Quality Crown Paddington. The only exception would be if price is the only concern. In that case, then this hotel should be considered as it has a superb location (1 tube away from lots of attraction). I can not speak for the rooms themselves as I did not get to see them, but the lobby looked reasonable. Maybe this hotel should be a 3 star hotel, not 4.They ended up charging my card in spite the fact that I did not stay there, but well that is the agreement that I entered with them when making my reservation.	
Apr 29 2009 	They didn't have any room for us even thou we had allready paid for it.	We booked a room at this hotell two months ahead just to be sure we get a room at this hotel. I even wrote them an email one month later to be sure everthing was in order before I paid the creditcard-bill. When we arrived after a 10 h trip, they told us that they don't have any room for us so they have moved us to another hotel that is situated on the opposit side of the city! The staff never apologized for the situation and was very rude! First they said that there was something wrong with the electricity and then they said there has been a water accident. It was so obvise they they had overbooked the hotel!!! For us the location of the hotel was very important. We had planed our intire vacation based upon it. The hotel they moved us to ( in Kensington!!) was very far from everything. Nearest underground-station was at least a 10 minute walk and so was all the restaurants and pubs.	
Apr 26 2009 	Great location nice hotel unfriendly staff	I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights last December together with my fiance and my parents. It is in a very good location as it is only across the road from the tube. Although the rooms were small, we didn't mind this at all becuase they are very clean and comfortable. The bathrooms were also clean with dove products and we also had biscuits and water in our room everyday. Our only problem was that the airconditioning system on the 5th floor was out of order and our rooms were freezing as we were on the top floor of the hotel. The staff had not informed us about this problem and our first night was a disaster it was too cold to sleep!! The staff was very unsympathetic towards our problem and when we insisted that we needed heating in the room, they gave us small electric heaters. Although on our first day they said they were going to have the system repaired asap, it was only repaired before our last night. Having said this, I would recommend the hotel to anyone going to London, because although the staff is not too friendly, it is clean, good value for money and very conveniently located.	
Apr 13 2009 	Great Location; Basic Rooms	The location of this hotel is 'hands-down' its best feature. It is located, literally seconds away from Paddington Rail Station, as well as Paddington Tube Station. (For those unaware, Paddington Rail has an express train to and from Heathrow, which allows you a 15min transport from the airport - super fast compared to any other mode of transportation).Other than that, we found the rooms very small - which from our experience, is standard in the UK. But, having said that, the rooms were very modern, with flat-screen tvs, etc. If you are travelling with more than one person, I recommend getting an Executive Room... we were in a standard King-Bed room, and barely had enough room for our two suitcases, let alone room to move around and get dressed....We managed to switch to an Executive Room, and found this had much more room.There is a restaurant attached to the hotel, however, breakfast was not included for us - although we were under that impression when we booked - so, beware! The restaurant is Garfunkel's - a chain - and it had great food, and reasonable prices for central London.Overall, it was a great location for site-seeing, as we had easy access to the Tube, and had plenty of restaurants and internet cafe's nearby... We would stay here again, if the price was right!	
Mar 23 2009	Fabulous Location	My daughter and I just returned from a week in London. We found the location which is right at Paddington Station to be great. We only had to walk across the street to catch the trains to anywhere in London and the Heathrow Express was right there. We had the Executive King room and it was a nice size for a European hotel. The staff was friendly and very helpful. (Houston, TX)	
Mar 19 2009 	Great Modern Hotel at a good price. Only 1 minute from the Heathrow Express.	This is a great hotel just two doors down from Paddington Station. Easy access to the Heathrow Express and tube lines. Clean, Modern, well appointed hotel. Not a luxury hotel, but a great place to stay for business. The rooms are all modern, the showers are large and have great water pressure. Great little fitness room as well. This was a great Value. The only negative, stay away from Garfunkles the restaurant attached to the Hotel, just BAD. There are pleanty of good Pubs (Including London's Longest Pub) less than half a block up the street.	
Mar 17 2009 	March in London	We just loved this hotel. The location was the best -- just across the street from Paddington Sta. The #36 bus stopped just outside the door that took us to Marble Arch, Picadilly and Victoria Sta. The room was beautifully decorated and very clean. Staff was friendly and helpful. We will stay here again.	
Mar 13 2009 	Great Hotel - Louse breakfast	The hotel itself is nothing short of excellent! Very clean rooms, perfect location and over all a very pleasant experience! It is so sad that the breakfast we paid extra for (served at Garfunkels next door) was the worst breakfast ever. Unfriendly staff, waited 20 min for coffee - one day we came 30 min before the buffé closed and they stopped refilling the buffé! No orange juice - only 3 bread and 4 slices of cheese left on the entire buffé! Horrible! So - stay clear of the breakfast but enjoy the hotel!	
Feb 22 2009 	Great hotel next door to Paddington Station	We just returned having stayed a total of 7 nights for $958.00 US (avg $115 + taxes in February). It was very clean and very quiet (we had a room in the rear of the building....I suggest asking for it). The entire place was very comfortable. It looked modern and updated with new furnishings. For comparison, my son was also there for business and had the luxury of staying next door at the Hilton Paddington....but he paid $200 US/night + taxes. His room was more spacious and the bathroom had a tub.The room is typically small for London, but not cramped. Separate bathroom had a spacious shower and was very adequate. Nice flat screen TV, but only 6 channels. The entire property is Non-Smoking! There's a nice workout room, with modern equipment.Another little bonus is that McDonald's is next door, and they have free wi-fi. So if you sit in the lobby of this hotel, you can receive an adequate signal. Otherwise, computer connection is 19BPDs/day.The neighborhood has a number of restaurants, including stores and shops in the Paddington Station, next door. Plenty of places to have a meal (you don't need to pay for the brakfast option).Access to the Heathrow Express (15min to LHR) and Underground is next door.I selected this hotel for it's location, but especially because of the previous reviews. Of the lower scored reviews, it appeared that the management cared, because it addressed each one with an explanation. At least it seemed it mattered. The staff was friendly and helpful.	
Feb 17 2009 	Great Hotel	We did not book for this Hotel but had booked for its other Hotel in Kensington. We were transfer to this Hotel as there was a problem at the other Hotel rooms.This worked out very well as this Hotel was excellent. Great location with Paddington station being across the street. 5 mins walk to Hyde Park and 10 mins to Marble Arch. The room was good and the breakfast was provided by the restaurant on the ground floor. The staff were helpful and we would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Feb 11 2009 	Satisfying	We stayed (me and my fiance) for two nights at a contemporary room. The location of the hotel is very convenient with the tube station just across the hotel and with a lot of restaurants around. Unfortunately there aren't alot of pubs or bars around. The room was very clean and very modern but very small with very little space to move around. Since our room was on the last floor the ceiling was lower in one side which made it difficult to move even for us of average height. The price was fair for London and it included english breakfast. The breakfast though was very disappointing and was accompanied by one cup of coffee or tea... In general we were satisfied but we would recommend it for a short stay.	
Jan 21 2009 	Great value for the money and excellent location!	We had a very enjoyable stay during the Christmas season. The hotel is perfectly situated a few feet from Paddington station and there are many restaurants and grocery stores nearby, including a very reasonably priced one at the hotel itself. Although the rooms are on the small side, the bathrooms are clean and modern, and the flatscreen tv is a nice touch. The rooms are very well maintained and the hotel staff was very courteous and accomodating. We had a great nightly rate (for London) and I was very satisfied overall. I will definitely stay again on my next visit.	
Jan 7 2009 	very nice hotel	i realy enjoy my stay at an executive king room in this hotel and i appreciate the way of housekeeping with daily complimentary biscuits and bottle of water...they have a very nice resturant with room service, comfortable room size with large tv screen..i would choose this hotel agian without thinking	
Dec 30 2008 	Clean but small.	I chose this hotel because of it's proximity to Paddington Station and the Heathrow Express. I booked an Executive Single for 4 nights. The location is excellent being close to the tube and several bus routes.The staff was friendly and helpful. They did their best to accommodate my early arrival and got a room ready for me within the hour. Every evening they offered a turn down service and supplied free bottles of water. Room service is provided by an adjoining restaurant. During my stay I had packages delivered to me care of the hotel and these were delivered promptly to me.My 4th floor room overlooked the side street leading into Paddington station. I could see the main road. Noise was minimal when I had the window open and silent when closed. The a/c worked well and was not overly noisy.The room was very clean and was furnished with a double bed, good size wardrobe, a trouser press and a desk / storage area that housed tea/coffee facilities and minibar. Above this was a large plasma TV. My main concern in recommending this hotel is the size of the rooms. They are very small. I had to skirt around furniture even though the double bed was already pushed up against the wall. In the bathroom I needed to take care to place myself strategically to avoid bumped elbows and other body parts.My two other frustrations were the very poor wifi reception and a room keycard that constantly stopped working. After waiting for the one lift to take me up to my room, I had to make several trips back down to reception to get it reset. I chose the Paddington location due to it's proximity to the Heathrow Express. I had an early morning flight and the hotel was conveniently located. While it's probably one of the better maintained hotels in the area, when I compare it to other London hotels I have stayed at (even the Counth Hall Premier Inn) the room size concerns me when I factor in the price of the room.The question is would I stay here again? I would probably consider it if I needed to be near the Heathrow Express. If not, I would look elsewhere in London because I know you can get a better deal for the same money.	
Nov 12 2008 	London is fantastic!	We stayed in de Quality Crown hotel Paddington for 2 nights and is was really above all our expectations! The staff is very kindly and everything is Ok. One time something of the shower was broken and a few hours later it was repaired. The rooms are small but everything is very clean and that is the most important. I would really stay again in this hotel if I go to London for another visit.	
Oct 30 2008 	Very Cozy hotel!	Ok, so for starters, the rooms are small. But this is London after all. And what they lack in size, they make up in comfort. It is just the kind of room that will keep you from getting up in the morning to see the sites. You can hear the underground but you would have to be used to sleeping in perfect silence and awake at the slightest noise to be bothered by it. The street noise could be an issue if you wanted to sleep with the window open but with it closed it was not loud at all. And of course the best part of this hotel is the location. Right next to the Underground and along several bus routes so you can easily get back no matter what time it is.	
Oct 17 2008 	Quick trip to London	The room was small, but very well laid out. The Hotel is ideal for travel from Paddington Station to Heathrow.The offer we had included free Wi Fi, something that should be standard rather than an extra charge.We will stay at the hotel again on our next trip to London.	
Oct 1 2008 	OK Hotel Awful Staff	First let me list the good things: OK Bed, Dove shower products were nice, complimentary tea and biscuits in the room, and very convenient to Paddington Station and the HEX.However this hotel is definitely a 3 Star, not 4 Stars as listed on Expedia or Hotels.com. This is the story of why I believe the hotel is over-rated. The staff was unhelpful from the moment we arrived. I would say, in fact, they were as unfriendly and unhelpful as they could possibly be without technically being rude. We asked to check in early after an overnight flight: &quot;Check-in is at 2 PM&quot; was the only response we got. The gentleman at the desk only consulted his book after we begged and then told us they were full and check-in was at 2PM. I know early check-in isn't always possible, but he obviously was sticking to their policy and whether or not there were any free rooms, we weren't getting any. A little sympathy, a simple &quot;sorry, we're full&quot; as an empathetic gesture would have taken away the sour taste left in our mouth as we first encountered the staff. The rooms are smaller than other hotels in the area (ones I've stayed in, at least). The &quot;king&quot; size bed was equivalent to a US double and had very little space between 1 side and the wall. I banged into the nightstand jammed between them more than once. We were on the first floor with a window looking over the noisy street. The tube shook he building on a regular basis. The cleaning staff's supply closet was right outside the room as well, so that also woke us up regularly. Honestly, this hotel would be a fine 3-Star EXCEPT for the staff. Never a good morning, never a smile, never an effort to be humane to us as guests! Always cold, whether demanding my passport number so we could check in (I am not a UK citizen, my partner, whose name the reservation was under, is, but they still demanded a passport number), insisting that they place funds on hold from our card when we specifically said not to, always asking our room number before giving any local info as to where to go... :( And we will be checking our card receipts carefully to make sure we weren't billed for any minibar items we didn't use, as happened in the review below. God knows what they would charge for a smile, had we ever received one!	
Sep 29 2008 	Convenient for Paddington	The location is simply convenient - as far as travelling in by train from Heathrow ... otherwise I would give this hotel a miss. Was it awful? No, but it wasn't a pleasant experience either. The room was tiny and the bathroom was closet-sized and poorly lit. Cleanliness was okay, noise wasn't bad. The front desk staff was unfriendly as noted by many other reviewers (sheesh, you'd think someone would catch on by now - maybe nobody cares). Avoid the restuarant breakfast, it is very costly and not worth it.	
Sep 22 2008 	Tiny "King" Beds	This hotel has some pros....namely great location and very clean, however you need to watch that the staff do not play games with your booking. We booked and had confirmed by our CAA travel agent, an executive room which was supposed to have a &quot;king&quot; bed and a sitting area that had either a sofa or a chair. When we arrived, the room we were given had a double bed and barely enough room to walk around the front and sides of the bed. There was no sofa or chairs. We immediately went to the front desk and got into a significant argument. First we were told that the room we were given was in fact a &quot;king&quot; bed. We asked about the missing sofa and chairs. The hotel manager tried to say that the desk chair was in fact the side chair. We had to get out our CAA booking sheet and pointed out the wording....&quot;executive king room with sitting area, sofa and/or chair&quot;. After much argument the manager finally agreed to move us to another room. This one was as we had ordered and paid for. We stayed 4 nights, then were leaving for a six day tour, but had booked to return to the same hotel for a final 3 days, also reserved for the same quality level of room. When we checked out from the first four nights we reminded the manager to make certain we got our proper room. He went so far as to say he would try to &quot;up grade us&quot; but could not promise.  When we returned for our final 3 nights.....AGAIN we were given a tiny room with a double bed. AGAIN we complained but this time we were much later in the day and were told all the rooms were full, BUT if I spoke with the manager in the morning he could fix me up as there were vacancies for our last two nights. We met the manager in the morning and again we got into an argument over the bed size. The manager tried to tell us that we had the correct room. Then he said that he could not move us since the hotel was full. We pointed out that the afternoon desk clerk had said otherwise. The manager changed his story again, saying he could only move us to our proper room for our final night. I am still trying to recover some compensation for our nights in the wrong room. None was offered at our time of checkout.I do not know what is going on, but given the manager changed his story so many times, I am wondering if putting guests in the smaller rooms (when they have booked and paid for larger) is not a deliberate ploy. Most people tend to accept what they are given and maybe this allows the hotel to increase its revenue. I am not 100% certain, but in all my considerable years of business and liesure travel I have not encountered anything like this before.I have enclosed photos we took of the room with a double bed and then the room we were given after complaining....you can see the difference for yourself.If you book with this hotel, make certain you know exactly what room type you have chosen and then make certain that you get it.	
Sep 16 2008 	Great location great service clean and nice	This hotel was perfect for our short-staying in London. The location is excelnt. Rooms were cleaned 2-3times a day. Rooms are small, but comfortable.I can recomed thi s hotel at all.	
Sep 8 2008	Charged for mini bar items we didn't consume	We stayed in this Hotel for 2 nights in July and overall we were very happy with the hotel. However, when I checked my credit card bill a few days later, I noticed they had charged €42 to my credit card. I immediately rang the hotel and they informed me it was for mini bar items we had consumed. We had not consumed ANYTHING from the mini bar and when I questioned this, tell told me that there is a notice on top of the fridge that 'clearly states any items consumed will be charged to your credit card'. I tried to explain that first of all we didn't consume anything and second of all we weren't even told of this charge when we checked out. In any hotel we have ever stayed in they normally mentioned mini bar charges on checked out. We felt that we didn't have the opportunity to challenge this charge that was being made. We also found the guy we spoke to regarding this extremely unhelpful. I asked to speak to the Manager and he told me he was the Manager. I find it astounding that he wasn't even going to consider that there was possibly a mistake and that the fridge had not been properly re-stocked. I informed him that I would be taking it further and after the phone call I emailed the hotel looking for their terms and conditions in relation to mini bar charges - surprise, surprise, I didn't get a reply to the email. When I spoke to my credit card company they informed me that as they had NOT authourised my credit card, they were not permitted to charge items to my card. I also explained to them that we had not used the mini bar. Just a few days ago I got a refund so I wanted to warn other guests to check for mini bar charges at check out.	
Sep 1 2008 	Terrible	TINY Rooms. Front desk guy very dry abrupt and counldnt give a hoot about you. Bathrooms miniscule. AVOID	
Aug 29 2008 	Cramped !!	As previously stated in other reviews, this hotel is conveniently situated for Paddington Station and for buses etc.The hotel is of a high standard regarding cleanliness. The Gents toilet downstairs however smelt a bit and the soap dispenser was faulty.The room we were allocated (Compact Double) was modern and clean but the smallest room we have ever stayed in. Awful is all I can describe it as. Double bed was small with one side up against a wall.Probably satisfactory for one person for one night, but for a couple, definitely not. Very claustrophobic.I would not recommend these rooms to any couple.Had an evening meal in Garfunkels next door, food quality poor. I had a lamp shank with mint sauce and mash potatoes. I had to send it back.Breakfast was basic, fruit juices watered down significantly. The cost of the breakfast does not include tea of coffee, thats extra.Sorry will not be going back there again.	
Aug 7 2008 	Great Location to Explore From	My husband and I stayed at this hotel during the second week of July for a week in order to sight-see around London.The hotel itself is in a very convenient location as many other reviewers have noted, being right across the street from Paddington Station. For those that have never been to London before, this is a great station to be close to, as it has multiple connecting lines for the tube and railway, making travel around the city very easy and quick. The Heathrow Express train from the airport goes directly here in 15 minutes, making this hotel a great place to stay to get easily to the airport from.The customer service is indeed lacking, and we were never once greeeted with a smile. If you do, however, require some assistance from the front desk, I recommended asking the night staff, as they appeared far more helpful.The room is very small, probably the smallest hotel room I have ever seen, and we have travelled a great deal around Europe. We had booked a king room, however the bed was, at best, the size of a double or queen. It was very clean, however, and modernized with very nice decor. The mattress was quite hard, and you could hear the tube go by every 5-10 minutes, however the tube stops running after 12am, so you don't really notice it while sleeping.There is a restaurant to eat at next door, Garfunkles, however the food is quite expensive and not very good. For breakfast, we just went down the street to Maxims, as it was a good value for your money and every restaurant pretty much has the same &quot;english breakfast&quot;. There are so many places to eat in London, and we recommend going down to Covent Garden or around Piccadilly circus to find some great restaurants.Overall, it was a good hotel to use as a base for exploring and sightseeing in London, and it could not have been in a more convenient location. The rooms are small, yes, however you're barely there when you're sight seeing anyway, and it's a quite affordable hotel for London.	
Aug 7 2008 	Great stay	Great stay. European-sized room, but very clean and comfy. Bathroom with plenty of toiletries, and very clean. Only a few TV channels are free, though. It is located just across the street from Paddington Station, with plenty of eateries all around the hotel.Reception staff very friendly and helpful. Would I stay there again? Definitely!Once minor caveat: The entryway is not level with the sidewalk. It is three steps up. And the bell-boy (on the day I arrived) seemed to be in no mood of helping weary travelers. I tipped him (in GBP, not Dollars!) on the arrival to my room, yet, on the day I left, he was standing by the hotel door and he didn't even motion to help me with the bags down the steps... It is a minor detail, and may be, when you arrive, there will be a different bell-boy or some else in a better mood.	
Jul 17 2008	Cramped but comfy!	Yes, two thumbs up for location, cleanliness, and modern look of the room. But man oh man, two people with two carry-on luggages, there was no square footage left! We even considered leaving the front door open just to feel a little bit less claustrophobic! And as for the previous mention of luggage unattended, it is true. I saw luggage by the elevator that was there when we left in the afternoon, and was still there at night when we returned. So knowing this, you should probably lock up your luggage if you have valuables inside...Otherwise, we did have 3 nights of peaceful sleep in this hotel, but probably wouldn't return because of the small square footage.	
Jul 12 2008 	Wonderful stay @ the Quality Crown Paddington	The hotel is right next to the Paddington tube and the Paddington train station (1 minute walk). Very convenient.Room is spacious, we have a queen-sized bed. The bed is comfortable and clean. You might hear the train passes by in some of the rooms but it's quiet at night.Dove shampoo, shower gel, lotion provided in the bathroom. Though, staff are not too friendly and don't expect you get a smile from them.	
Jun 25 2008 	Great Location Above average Tourist hotel.	Just back from a three night stay at the Quality Crown Hotel Paddington. It was so convenient for us arriving by train. The rooms are small but have everything you need for a comfortable stay, even fresh milk for tea and coffee.I would definately upgrade if you are a couple as the standard double beds are small. The bathrooms, toiletries and levels of cleanliness were faultless. I booked through last minute website and felt i payed a reasonable price.The worst thing as already stated by others is the very poor,expensive breakfast in the restaurant joined to the hotel. The staff were stressed, the food cold..We ate at the cafe oppsite the Post Office, turn left out of hotel door.It was family run and half the price!IT was a pleasant change from over priced, scruffy, jaded hotels i have stayed in, in the West End charging £200 a night.	
Jun 24 2008	great location modern hotel june 08	i have just returned from a trip to europe and stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in June. the hotel has a perfect location being right next to the paddington underground, and on the door step of heathrow express. the location is great as it makes for very easy travelling around london city and especially after a day of shopping you can hope on the tube and drop all your bags off. the rooms are very small and the decor is modern. it is very neat and clean. however, because we arrived at 8am we were not allowed to check in till 2, we had to make use of the bathroom downstairs and at 8.30am the bathroom was not very clean and was smelly.overall the rooms and location are great, but the reception staff are not friendly and do not seem to take notice of you.	
Jun 8 2008 	Nice hotel Handy	I stayed at the Quality Crown 2 nights as a 'treat hotel' for my birthday after spending a week in cheaper accomodation. The hotel itself is great, extremely clean and tidy and attractive modern decor. I was in room 416 which had a small bedroom that didnt bother me as i was on my own and the bathroom was quite large. I was pleased to find that you can access the net even without a laptop through the tele with remote keyboard for 3pound for 24hours (cafe down the road charged 2pound for 1 hour!)Its right on Paddington station which made moving around the city and getting to Heathrow an absolute breeze and i had a lovely stay. The only negative i would say would be the lack of a fridge in the room and the reception staff, i seemd to encounter the same guy on the front desk who couldn't have been less interested in the fact i was staying there or offering any kind of assistance......so as long as the staff encounters were kept to a minimum i had a great stay.	
May 30 2008 	Great location not so great room	This hotel is in a great location, right near Paddington station, especially for those who are either coming from a late flight, or are leaving int he morning,. It is not the hotel attached directly to the station, but off about a block.The condition of the room was great, and the decor was fine. The problems were, however, that it was an extremely tiny room, even for other hotels in this area. The bed itself was quite uncomfortable. And as typical European hotels do, they gave you a big duvet and the bottom sheet, with no extra blankets. I ended up having to take the duvet cover off to use that to cover up with. They also did not provide any place to plug in your laptop at the small desk provided with unplugging some other device.Noise is a problem - not so much street noise as the rumble of the tube beneath the hotel. This obviously isn't a problem for a few hours in the middle of the night, however. The staff weren't particularly friendly or helpful. The biggest problem I had was that I had left my luggage for them to hold. I came back a couple of hours later to find my bag sitting there completely unattended and unwatched. Considering many people are heading to the airport after staying here I think this is a bit of a hazard.	
May 26 2008 	Really Great Choice	I was so surprised with the hotel - we had a great sized room and a huge bathroom. The location is amazing, just a few steps from Paddington station where you can catch the Heathrow Express, Tube and other trains. It's also a short walk to Edgware Road station if you feel like some exercise before taking the Tube. The room design reminded me of a New York boutique style hotel with dark wood finishes, an upholstered headboard and crisp white bedding. The bathroom had a large tub and a window. They turned down the bed and left a chocolate on the pillow 2/4 nights, and there were complimentary glass bottles of water each day. There was a safe and bar fridge. The halls were very nicely designed and they had a nice lounge and restrooms on the lower level. We had a large flat panel TV in the room and WiFI included in the rate which was about 144 pounds per night with all taxes.  I would stay there again!	
Apr 19 2008 	Great value for money	Given the location &amp; quality of the hotel, I think you'd struggle to find better for the money. The rooms are small but fitted very well. The shower was brilliant and was a pleasure to use after running the London Marathon.	
Apr 16 2008 	Great location clean modern amenities good price	I have stayed at this hotel on four occasions over a two year time period and each time has been great. The hotel is right across the street from Paddington Station so you have access to the Tube and National Rail - basically you can go anywhere in England from that station. The staff is friendly, the hotel is immaculate. True, the rooms are small but that's how rooms are outside of the US. You're in LONDON - you're not going to be in your room much anyway!What keeps me coming back? Cleanliness, modern amenities (shower, flat screen tv etc), location, and price.There are also some excellent places to eat around the area so if you're with a family or alone on business, you have options. It's also a great location for an evening walk or jog.	
Apr 10 2008	Great Location but small!!	This hotel has a great location just outside Paddington tube Station so its great for exploring London as you have a variety of different tubes you can catch. The Rooms are clean and well equiped but they are so small!! I've stayed in a variety of hotels in London and this was one of the smallest I've seen especially for a 4star hotel. the hotel isn't cheap and you would exprect a little more room for a hotel which on average costs £120 a night.	
Apr 2 2008 	Everything you need	We stayed in Quality Crown Paddington on our last trip to London and I can say it was the perfect choice! It took us a long time to decide which hotel to stay in because it is very hard to find a good room at a reasonable price in London. Quality crown Paddington was a little over our budget but it was worth it.We liked:- Location! Absolutely perfect. Very easy to find, just outside Paddington station. Just 15 minutes from Heathrow through Heathrow express (what a great train, worth every penny!). Right next to the tube, right next to the bus stop. 10 Min to central London. And the area it's also nice, Paddington station has lots of stores, places to eat etc...- Decor! The rooms have a nice decoration, modern and neutral.- Bathroom! Shower was great.- Clean! Room and bathroom were perfectly clean and always smelled very good.- Soundproof! The hotel is right next to the station and actually during our stay there were some works in the street but in our room we didn't hear a thing from outside.- Facilities! Facilities in the room were also great. Plasma tv was very nice and we also enjoyed the tea/coffee making machine and there was always a bottle of water in the room as well as tea, coffee and milk at no extra costs.We didn't like so much:- Small rooms... The rooms are indeed very small, and from the pictures that I've seen here I believe we got one of the smallest. But that wasn't at all a problem for us. We got used to it and the room was so pretty and clean that the &quot;smallness&quot; didn't bothered us. And we only went to the hotel to sleep anyway...- Front desk... Well, they weren't rude but they weren't particularly nice too. And before we went I sent an e-mail to the hotel asking a couple of questions and if it would be possible to give us a room with views to praed street. They answered my email but completely ignored the question about the room... Overall it's everything you need if you go to London and don't want to spend more than 100£ in an hotel: clean and modern rooms in a perfect location. We enjoyed it and definitely recommend it, but next time we'll try the Hoxton, just for a change!Cheers!	
Mar 30 2008 	Almost perfect.	My review may be a little biased because nearly every hotel I have stayed in London has been pretty awful. This place was so nice and modern, I could have cried when we walked in the room! We were upgraded to an Executive King (not sure why but I wasn't going to complain) and it was really nice.The room was good sized for London and was very clean and modern with a very comfy bed, big flat screen TV and work desk. The bathroom was miniscule but again very clean and modern and had nice toiletries restocked every day, along with decent towels and washcloths. Our room (409) faced a very busy Praed Street but with the windows closed, there was very little noise. The hotel is a few yards from the Tube and you can hear and feel the trains rattling away. Not a big deal for us, though, we got used to it very quickly. Our room rate did not include breakfast but there are two places across the street and down from the hotel (Raffles and Maxim) that do an excellent and very cheap full English breakfast. Street also had a variety of news agents, fast food places and Tesco/M&amp;S. Staff at the hotel was pleasant.My only complaint was the bathtub. It was very high and placed in such a way that it was difficult to get out of. The tub was extremely slippery and I fell getting out, injuring myself. I have an enormous (and painful) bruise on my leg. This could have been prevented if a bath mat was provided or if the tread on the bottom of the tub extended to the end, as it was just in the middle and you could not exit the tub from the middle as this is where the toilet is.Would definitely stay here again, but would request a room with a shower instead!!!	
Feb 24 2008 	Missrepresented star ratings	This hotel totally misrepresents itself as a 4 star it is at best 3 star and that doubtful. the problems lie in the rooms they are small no minute a double bed, how they installed it beats me, takes up near all the available room the furnishings are basic, there is a flat screen tv, Couldn't imagine where or how an old tube tv would have fitted, reception is abismal. bathroom is adequate, just. At £100 this is dramatically overpriced.	
Feb 20 2008	Wear a coat..there was not heat at the QC Paddington	I booked the Quality Crown in Kensington specifically because i had a meeting there. When i arrived at 11:30 pm they told me that the room was flooded and they had to send me to another hotel of theirs in Paddington. Although i had just arrived via taxi, rather than let me know this while the taxi driver was there, they let my driver go and called another cab because they were paying for it and i'm sure it was cheaper than a city taxi. So I had to wait 15 minutes for another taxi. Nothing was done for my convenience or comfort in this entire transaction. I asked them to be sure that the other hotel gave me a quiet room since Paddington is noisy and I didn't want to stay there to begin with and had a big meeting the next day. When i arrived in Paddington, they told me the best room they had was on the first floor right over the busy road. There was no heat in the room either. I slept in my coat and checked out early for another hotel. The staff is very nice but ineffectual. They can't seem to meet one single request or need although one wouldn't think that heat would be optional when it's 5C outside. The rooms are tiny but clean but overall this is a budget hotel and i wouldn't think of staying there again.	
Feb 14 2008 	Near Perfect for short stay	Stayed over in double room for one night for friends birthday. Hotel is right by tube station, although I had slight problems understanding some of the staffs accents they were extremely helpful and let us store out bags there until we checked in later that day. Room was small but extremely clean and just like the pictures on the website. They only had a trouser press in the room so rang up reception and within 5 minutes they had an iron and ironing board brought up. Perfect for short stay, had no problems at all and will definately be staying again.	
Feb 4 2008 	Tiny but chic	The Quality Crown is well located right beside Paddington station. The hotel is newly refurbished and has a chic boutique style decor. The rooms are very small but well equipped with a nice shower/toilet room (no bath), small desk with tea/coffee facilities, internet access, large LCD tv, in room safe, aircon. Everything you need, just very compact.	
Jan 26 2008 	Good location but poor value	Initial impression of this hotel was good - easy to find and friendly reception staff. We even got an upgraded room, oh good I thought, having read reviews on here. It turned out that upgraded actually meant that we got a larger bed in the same sized room - ie a whole 6&quot; space around the bed. If we had been staying in a youth hostel I wouldn't have minded, but we were paying 100GBP a night for this incredibly small space. The bathroom was no better, was a good shower, but leaked over the rest of the floor. The worse thing though was the quality of the bed - very lumpy and hard, difficult to even find a comfortable spot to lie on, this combined with constant noise throughout the night and made for a very uncomfortable 2 night stay. A quick warning - don't eat in Garfunkels, there are better pubs/indians nearby for dinner and an excellant cafe across the road for breakfast. Just to torture ourselves more, we checked the prices of the hilton paddington next door, and they were roughly the same for a weekend stay - gutted!	
Jan 15 2008	Some good some bad.	We stayed in this hotel for three days. The taxi driver could not find it so we walked up the road until we spotted it. The rooms were spotlessly clean but much too small for two people. If our stay had been longer we would not have been able to find room for our luggage. The publicity pictures were misleading in this respect. The facilities in the room were good enough. the restaurant was adequate but we had better meals in other restaurants in the area- there are plenty to choose from. Although George and Joanne were very pleasant and helpful other reception staff were not. On the plus side, the hotel was very convenient to the underground which made it very easy to get to the various attractions we planned to visit. I would not choose to stay in this hotel again.	
Jan 13 2008	Fantastic !	I recently stayed at the Quality Crown Hotel Paddington for a one night stay with a friend. I paid 99 pounds (including VAT) for a standard twin room. As others have said the room was small but the furnishings were top notch and modern. Also, the room was very, very clean. The location is also amazing...literally just outside Paddington station. There is a McDonalds next door, Burger King across the street, a Subway sandwich shop and many other places to eat within walking distance. I also found the staff to be very helpful and I asked to see some other rooms for future reference. The receptionist was very helpful and took time to show us other rooms. The executive class rooms are spacious and so next time I will pay the extra for a bigger room. I have stayed in lots of hotels in London over the years but from now on I will stay here!	
Jan 2 2008 	Give it a miss!	Two mins from Paddington tube and railway station, which was great. All rooms appear to have been recently tastefully refurbished. Our room was a single shoe box which was so small, I fell out of bed! However we were then given a bigger room and bed. This is not a four star hotel, its over-priced and the rooms are small. The breakfast in adjacent Garfunkel's is poor, though the staff try their best. Dont go to the Angus Steakhouse opposite, its extremely expensive considering my meal looked as though it had come straight out of the freezer and fried. Staff poorly trained.	
Nov 11 2007 	A fantastic find!	I travel a lot and this is a fantastic hotel in so many ways. Great value for money. Excellent location - right by Paddington rail and tube stations but with very little associated noise. A number of great restaurants nearby (Frontline is especially good) and close to Hyde Park. The rooms are tastefully decorated and very clean, albeit small but perfectly adequate - what can you expect in central London? However, the best thing about the hotel is the staff. Everyone is so friendly and nothing is too much trouble. Very competent and professional. They work really hard and are a real credit.	
Oct 31 2007	good value near paddington	Like many other recent reviewers, I stayed on the second floor, which has clearly been refurbished. The room had a lovely four-poster, a large modern bathroom, and decent space (for London). Everything was spotless. For just under $200, it was a bargain for that area. Adequate breakfast, like most other hotels in the Paddington area. The staff were quite helpful, especially given that I arrived after midnight. I've stayed in several hotels in the Paddington station neighborhood in the past five years; Quality Crown was the best. Paddington is a five-minute walk from the front door, so it's extraordinarily convenient for the trains to Heathrow. If you have children with you, about ten minutes away, in Hyde Park (go to the park and turn right), there's a wonderful playground. Right across the street from HP, at the Queensway intersection, good ice cream for all. (Fine Chinese just up the street on Queensway, too.)	
Oct 24 2007 	Great location clean hotel	Stayed for two nights, rooms and bathromm very clean, big wheelchair friendly bathroom, size of the room normal for London city (have already stayed in smaller rooms), location great, if you don`t want to waste time take the Heathrow Express and you are in 15minutes at Paddington station and the hotel. We had a room on the second floor. Could sometimes hear the tube (but I don´t mind wasn`t disturbing us), Normal noise from the street (room to Praed Street), staff normal, continental breakfast in Garfunkel restaurant (if you want you can upgrate you breakfast to a full english breakfast). You have to pay for TV (don`t mind about that because we preferd to go out),	
Oct 5 2007 	Great location good hotel	Hotel rooms in London are small, so as always I'll get that out of the way straight up. Get out of London proper if you want space, or pay big dollars to stay at the Hilton. My colleague and I had an early morning/late return day trip to Warsaw, so we decided to stay near Paddington Station to make catching the train to Heathrow less painful at 4am.Taken chronologically:Check-in: Don't bother coming early and expecting a room. We got there at 10am and they basically laughed at us. It's always full so rooms just aren't available early. They did, in the end, let one of us check in at 1pm so that I could change for a meeting. But I'd strongly advise you to take check-in time seriously.Rooms: Very well appointed. New beds (in both our rooms), remodelled bathrooms with very nice toiletries and good towels. No bath, but nice shower. Plumbing appears well maintained as I wasn't woken up by neighbours flushing the toilet, as one often is in London. Reasonably priced cabled internet access in the room was welcome. Modern electronic air conditioning and wall-mounted plasma TV. And nice turndown service with a chocolate on the pillow. Sweet touch, and uncommon in all but the priciest hotels in London. Critical? No. But just a nice bit of attention to detail.The only issue I had was that twice during my stay my room key (electronic card) stopped working. I wasn't impressed when I returned from Warsaw at 1am to have to traipse back down to Reception and wait until someone came to fix it. But all things considered it was a fairly minor inconvenience and the room was of a very high quality, although yes very small. Personally I'd call it cozy.Food: Restaurant in lobby looks fine and seemed to be busy enough. But there's so many restaurants, cafes and pubs in the area that the restaurant is sort of irrelevant.Check out: Efficient if not particularly friendly. It's a business as usual place cranking through 100s of tourists every day. Don't expect them to get excited that you're there.Basically if I go to London for work again and don't need an early check-in, I'd consider this hotel very favourably. If I was going for leisure, I'd probably save a bit of money (hey, the Aussie dollar isn't worth that much in GBP!) and stay at the Best Western Paddington Court (see my other review) where I have the option of cooking for myself and still have decent amenities if not quite as nice a bed/toiletries. But in all fairness, the Quality Crown is a nicer hotel and is closer to the station by about 300m which is sure handy with luggage.	
Sep 27 2007 	Standards have slipped	I have stayed at this hotel six or eight times over the last eighteen months but after my last visit I doubt I will be staying again.The lift at the hotel wasn't working, for three days!!!The reservation system was down and they wouldn't allow me to check in unless I had a printed confirmation with me. Luckily I did.I wanted to extend my stay but they said this was impossible because they didn't know if they had any rooms available because the reservation system was down, forcing me to check out and move to another hotel for one night, the reservation system was also down for three days.They gave me a lower grade room than what I had paid for. When I complained they did give me the correct room type,however the staff were smirking, unhelpful and bordering on rude.It was a shame I had this experience as the hotel was in a perfect location for me and past visits had been good.	
Sep 11 2007 	Great location...a little noisy	We stayed here for 5 nights. The hotel itself is in a GREAT location. Loved the fact we could just walk off the tube and cross the street to the room. However it was a little noisy. You could here the tube and feel the vibrations from the train. We were very tired at night so it wasn’t too bad, not sure if I would stay here again. The rooms were SUPER clean and modern. Several restaurants, all night mini mart, and souvenirs shops near. We did have a mix up as we left and I didn’t realize it until we were on the plane. I had paid for someone else’s room. So tried calling and emailing but no responses. They did charge our card for the correct amount, but I didn’t like the fact we couldn’t get a response. So to finish, nice and clean… just noisy! I think we stayed in room 215!	
Aug 27 2007 	Excellent location	Stayed at this hotel for 4 nights. This hotel has recently been refurbished so all of the amenities and gym equipments are brand new. Very modern and very close to paddington station (10 metres) therefore easy access to and from the airport and all other major tourists attraction of London. Use the public transport to get around - very easy and will save you lots of money.Hotel staff was helpful and friendly and helped with taking the luggage to the room as the elevator was not working on the first two days we were there. Public transport in London are excellent and the bus stops right in front of the hotel. There are a number of asian restaurants and cafes along the street and a restaurant right next to the hotel but the food is nothing to write about. It is about 15 to 20 minutes walk to Oxford Street where the main shopping areas can be found, otherwise it's 5 minutes or so by bus. All day bus fare is under 4 pounds.The room is small but so are the rest of the London hotels from what I heard. Highly recommend this hotel for the service, cleanliness, modern facilities and for it's location.	
Aug 22 2007 	Are we talking about the same hotel?	...because, reading some of these reviews, I'm beginning to wonder!I am a seasoned and prolific business traveller (I'm in Berlin just now). Before coming to the Quality Crown, I stayed at a number of hotels in London. I have stayed at the Quality Crown on every trip to London since.The staff are completely helpful. I have never encountered one episode of rudeness or unhelpfulness. The rooms 'are' on the small side, but this is a central location, close to the Paddington Basin buisiness district. Rooms are 'always' going to be at a premium in this area and sometimes, you have to sacrifice size for location. That said, I was in room 316 the other week which was light and airy with good views over Praed Street.You can take a number of buses from just next door to the hotel that will take you across London. The tube is across the road but you dont hear the noise as the windows are well insulated. There are a number of decent pubs close by. There are restaurants in Paddinton, but I'd recommend you take 10/15 minutes to travel a little further afield to places like Bayswater where there is more choice and diversity.Back inside the hotel... There are tea and coffee making facilities (you can have fresh milk at no extra charge) and a complimentary bottle of mineral water. The towels are nice and fluffy and they provide 'Dove' toiletries instead of the usual 'washing up liquid' refills you get in some places.The small gym is well equipped. The executive room is light and airy. The basement bar has a large plasma screen and comfy sofas. Clarification - The Quality Crown do not offer direct catering. Instead, vouchers are offered on specific deals for residents to eat at Garfunkles next door. If anyone has an issue with the food, then they have an issue with Garfunkels and not the hotel per se. That said, I've had some great steaks there which were far superior to the Steak House over the road. The breakfasts are great!I have sat with my colleagues at the small bar near reception (yes... my business colleagues stay there too) and we've watched the staff deal with some very 'challenging' (okay... let's be honest.. 'rude') customers in the most professional of manners. George, the concierge, rushed to assist and support people who are frail or elderly 'and' refuse a tip! (and I've been in some hotels where it's more than their job's worth). Keep an open mind. This is London. Big is not neccessarily beautiful. Good things often come in small packages. If you want discreet, unobtrusive accomodation, then this is for you.Great for business travel is you can book the double rooms.	
Aug 7 2007 	ideal location for sightseeing - but not a luxurious hotel experience	as I was taking my sister to London for the weekend as a birthday treat I decided to book a hotel a bit more upmarket than the usual one I use at Earls Court. Hmmm - was disappointed and didn't feel it lived up to the four star rating.Staff were pleasant enough, although we had no need to ask them anything or need any help from them. Rooms were clean and had new decor - but you couldn't swing a cat. Bathroom ditto. Not much space for toiletries etc - although they did provide a hairdryer and complimentary shower gel and shampoo which could be useful. Lift was broken when we got home at 1am on the Sunday morning - climbing to the 4th floor was a bit of an inconvenience to say the least! (it was also broken the next day when we were hoofing our cases down)The (only?) redeeming feature of this hotel is the proximity to Paddington station/underground. Heathrow rail link takes you there, then the Bakerloo underground goes to Oxford St and Piccadilly Circus. Fantastic if sightseeing/West End is your main reason for being in London. I don't think I'd stay here again - nothing particularly wrong with the hotel but I didn't find it value for money even with the excellent location...	
Aug 5 2007	Middle of the road for London	Hmmmmm..... what to say?For every good point there seems to be a bad point.Rooms are modern and clean, but as pointed out elsewhere, small.Fitness center is very modern, but small.Bar is also new, but no draft beer (and is very small - 8 chairs?)Staff are very friendly.Two negative points which I guess are not long-term problems, just bad luck:1. The elevator was out of order. This is a problem if you are on the 4th floor like I was.2. The computer system that does itemized bills was also broken. I hope everything runs smoothly in posting the invoice as claiming back expenses is painful enough at the best of times.On the whole it's quite OK. I stayed on a Sunday night and paid ~80 GBP. For a Monday night that jumps to ~105 GBP. I think I've stayed in better value hotels, but the location for train trips West is great (Paddington is next door).	
Aug 5 2007 	An ok stay but would not return	I had so many problems booking this hotel online. The transaction kept erroring out and after dealing with several agents via email we were finally able to book. The hotel is right near the Paddington trainstop and we had an overnight layover so we thought it would be a quick way to see a little of London.When we arrived the front desk was not friendly at all. Later on when we asked for restaurant recommendations they did not have any. In addition, when we needed help finding out about the double decker tour they had no idea.The room itself was comfortable and and we upgraded to a larger room on the business floor so we had access to the lounge that had small wine bottles and drinks. The only gripe was with the bathroom, which was so petite compared to what we're used to and the tub was so slippery my husband hurt himself. This hotel was cheaper than the Hilton next door but next time we will stay somewhere else.	
Jul 29 2007 	Staff are lovely but this is NOT a wheelchair accessible hotel	We booked a disabled room at this hotel for 1 night in transit in London. As my husband is in a wheelchair, we needed not only a disabled room, but obviously, step-free access to the hotel. I called the hotel's central reservations to double check the accessibility and was assured the Paddington hotel was accessible. Unfortunately, when we arrived we found the hotel actually has 3 stairs to get in, with no alternate entrance. Not only that, but the reservations department had double booked the disabled room so we wouldn't have been able to stay there anyway (even if he could miraculously climb the stairs).Once we got over our initial frustration, the concierge George, and the other staff looked after us so well, not only finding us alternate accommodation nearby, and paying the extra costs, but also insisting we come back for breakfast at the hotel (the restaurant is accessible - although the breakfast not anything special), and gave us complimentary use of the wireless internet as well (because our replacement hotel did not offer this for free).The issue with this hotel is not the staff, it is the central reservations agency they use, who clearly have no process for making correct bookings and have no idea about wheelchair access. The staff on site were lovely and went out of their way to look after us, even though we didn't have anything to offer them in return since we couldn't stay there.My advice is, don't write the hotel off because of some of these reviews, but when you book, ask to speak to someone at the Paddington branch of the chain to confirm your booking - don't do it through central reservations!!	
Jul 19 2007 	Good location but Beware of RUDE staff!!!1	Nice modern hotel, rooms small but clean. The hotel's location is fantastic right next door to Paddington Station. On the negative side the staff at the paddington quality crown were extremelly rude, condescending and unfriendly. We booked a triple room requesting three single beds, but instead got only one bed which was not large enough for three people. This problem was compounded by the fact that the room was very hot with no air conditioning. We were late to check out, having not been informed of the checking out time, and recieved a nasty surprize when we returned to find that our room door was open and our bags had been removed from the room! The customer service in this hotel is non existant.	
Jul 5 2007 	clean room bad value	rooms are clean and modern -- plasma tv on wall. room is small, as expected. furniture layout is terrible, making room seem even smaller. very small desk is full of stuff to buy: candy, drinks, snacks, web tv system. internet in room but costs 10 pounds a day, 6 pounds an hour. breakfast is not included. room price was 100 pounds a night for a double. location is great, right across the street from paddington train/tube station.if you are just looking for a room, the Westpoint down the street is a much better value, although it is somewhat of an older hotel. we stayed there as well.	
Jun 27 2007	LOVED the hotel HATED the staff	After moving to this hotel from a typical European hotel, we were pleased. The rooms were modern and we loved the stay. The location was fantastic, right in Paddington with reasonable crowd and plenty of close things to do. However, the staff could not have been more rude. I'm not sure if it was because we got a great deal on the room or because we are 20 year old Americans, but the were never friendly and more often than not rude and condescending. Hotel was fantastic though, so I would stay again.	
Jun 22 2007 	Excellant location	I stayed in this hotel for a weekend break with a friend of mine. We flew in from Standsted and it took over 2 hours to get to this hotel, by train and by the underground. The staff were very friendly and really helpful. The room was small but it was clean. Overall I think if you were flying in from heathrow this woudl be an ideal hotel to stay in as the heathrow express last stop is paddington station and the hotel is right across form this. I would def stay here again however I will be flying into heathrow rather than standsted.	
Jun 22 2007 	Lovely hotel	The hotel's location is fantastic right next door to Paddington Station. The rooms are modern, though small and the bathrooms are lovely.	
Jun 15 2007 	Nicely decorated	We stayed four nights in the Crown Paddington. The couple we were traveling with had a &quot;double&quot; which was a very small room with a shower stall in the bath. My husband and I requested a &quot;twin&quot; and had a much larger room with a huge tub in the bath. Everything was tiny by American standards, but we grew to accept that. The trains could be heard, but it wasn't annoying to us. We were on the fifth floor and it was very quiet. The staff at the front desk were polite but didn't go out of their way to be outwardly pleasant. We really enjoyed talking to George, who works at the little mini bar in the lobby. He gave us so much attention and assistance. We found the beds to be extremely comfortable, but the TV stations were lacking and the program to operate the system was very awkward. I hope Londoners have more stations to watch, because we had very limited choices. All in all, a very pleasant stay.	
Jun 10 2007 	Rudeness of employees	WE were moved to this hotel from the Kensington Quality Crown, after being informed that our room had some plumbing problems and we would have a wet carpet! The person who informed us we had to move did not apologise and was very rude and abrupt. The staff at the paddington quality crown were just as rude. The room was OK but having been moved there against my wishes I would have expected a superior room. We were 15 mins late to check out, having not been informed of the checking out time, and recieved a very rude phonecall from reception. I would not stay here again and would advise people to stear clear of this hotel with no customer service!!!!!!	
Jun 1 2007 	Better than Expected	We stayed several nights using rewards points and could not have been happier. Yes the rooms are smaller than US rooms but for two of us with luggage for a 16 day trip there was still good room. The hotel was very modern, room well laid out and the staff very helpful. Best of all the location is incredible with easy underground and train access. Many places to eat right there and a very easy connection to Heathrow. When we visit London again we will consider staying here as its convenience can't be beat. Staff was helpful with a delayed luggage problem and were responsive to any questions we had.	
May 23 2007 	More than pleasant	Great location as it is literally beside the tube station. Dont worryi couldnt hear them!! Rooms are small ok but very classy and clean. Very nicely furnished and decorated. Best thing of all is the location. Paddington has all the necessary shops etc and the tube has several lines running through it. Ideal for a tourist weekend in London.	
May 16 2007 	Thanks very much to Staff Member George!!	We booked this hotel over the net and were a little worried about how it would turn out. I have stayed in London Hotels previously and they are usually pretty shabby. This time we were travelling with my 13 month old son.We were pleasantly surprised!!Of course it was a small room and initially they didn't have a travel cot for us to use. But this was soon rectified and we could check into our room.George- the concierge/porter was most attentive to our needs. He would always assist us in the door with our baby stroller. So much thanks to him for all he did over our 4 nights stay.Another thing was that I left my cellphone in the hotel room when I checked out and didn't realise until arriving at Heathrow Airport. One phone call to the hotel, and it was located and sent to my home in Australia.Great service!Only thing we could complain about was the breakfast, bit light on and the coffee was terrible!The Hop on Hop Off bus is a great way to get around London and it passes right by this hotel.	
Apr 29 2007 	Smallest room I've ever had!	The location of this hotel is quite convenient as it is right next door to Paddington Station but there is the drawback of being able to hear the trains! The room was minute, there was barely enough room to stand between the bed and the bathroom and the bed was the smallest double I've ever slept in. The shower head wouldn't stay in position so I ended up holding it while I washed my hair - not easy!! This hotel is very bad value for money and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.	
Apr 1 2007 	Great hotel but some distance away from everything interesting	We got a room that was too small for a babys bed. We said this to the concierge. We were then upgraded to a lovely suite and we were thrilled.We were in London during 2006s wettest weekend, so even though the Tube entrance is by the hotel, we decided to get a hotel closer to the shopping-area next time, since we have kids.The cafe that lies in connection was good and I would recommend it very much.	
Mar 21 2007 	Bad experience No loyalty to regulars	I have stayed at this hotel quite often for business. Room and location aren't bad- just the service. However, this past visit was the last straw. After arriving to London late, I went to check in a little before 11pm and they informed me they had &quot;given my room reservation away&quot; to someone else who was supposed to have checked out that day- so there was nothing available despite the fact that I had my reservation confirmation in hand. They sent me over to the Quality Crown in Kensington (which had even worse service) so I was finally able to get a room by midnight after a huge hassle (not to mention I had to pay extra $25 cab fare 3 times to get to Paddingon station from the Kensington hotel). This is not a great way to treat any customer let alone a regular customer. There is no perspective of loyalty or customer service at this hotel. I definitely would not stay here for a non-business trip.	
Mar 14 2007 	Quality at last	If you want a nice hotel in Paddington, London, then this is it. I paid GBP91 for an overnight stay. After my experience in other hotels in Europe, this was above average. Service was excellent and helpful. My booking was waiting for me at check-in and there was a fax message from my office there too. Staff were friendly and helpful. I was able to leave my bag there for the day after checkout and they were helpful in planning a day of sightseeing. There's a bus tour passing through and stopping just outside the door.The room was small and the bathroom very small. But it was all good quality, clean, comfortable and quite new. The TV was the lastest big LCD on the wall and every little space was well planned. I wish I could have stayed longer! My room had a view over into the main street.The adjoining restaurant was good and friendly. I had a quiet dinner there and service was quick, although the food was ordinary but fine for the price. Location is next to Paddington Station, which can be reached easily and cheaply from Heathrow.In summary, I recommend this hotel highly for a comfortable stay in London.	
Mar 2 2007 	Great Hotel in a Perfect Location	We´ve just returned from 3 nights at this hotel.We booked the Crown Kensington but due to a problem with some check outs they transfered (upgraded) us to this hotel and in a good time they did.It´s in a perfect location, just across the corner from a tube station, we had the breakfast included in the room price in the nearby Garfunkels (Good Breakfast).The location is central, near Oxford St, the area is quiet, the rooms not very large but very comfortable and clean.Wide screen TV, Net and a great bed, it has everything to make us happy.GREAT STAY	
Feb 13 2007	Great Find in Central London	This gem of a small hotel is just about perfect – great price, great location, and lovely rooms. This hotel is just a few meters from the Paddington Tube stop and train station and a short walk from Hyde Park. It was recently renovated and the rooms are very modern, well appointed (including a large flat screen TV) and especially clean. I literally could not tell if the shower door was open or closed it was so clean and the wall tile so shiny it was reflective. The rooms are, of course, standard London fare, and very small by American standards with just a foot or two on two sides of the bed. The beds are extremely comfortable, high speed Internet is available (although pricey) and the customary tea service was always welcomed after a long day. The rooms were also remarkably quiet. I was concerned that traffic noise or my room’s proximity to the elevators would be a problem – and they were not at all. The continental breakfast was a bit sparse and you will get no refill on your coffee / tea, but that is the worst thing I can think of to mention. This is a great place to stay while in London on business or holiday.	
Feb 8 2007 	Not as described!!	London hotel rooms are notoriously small, but if you pay the extra to book a king room you expect something that you're not going to trip over yourself in. When i saw the size of the room that we had been put into I spoke to the receptionist to ask why a mistake had been made. I was told there was no mistake that this room is what is described by them as a &quot;Contemporary King&quot;, that for an &quot;actual&quot; king, I should have booked an Executive King Room. I requested several times that we be moved to another room but I don't think they even checked to see if there was one available. While the location of the hotel was perfect, overall I was very disappointed with the attitude of the staff we dealt with over the &quot;mistake&quot; which had been made. They made me feel stupid for not knowing that a king room was not actually a king size room - I won't be returning.	
Jan 27 2007 	Stylish and convenient	Since Quality Inns added this hotel to their chain, the property has taken a dramatic turn for the better. What we experienced as a tired and neglected hotel in 2003 has now become a modern, very comfortable and beautifully-decorated small hotel. The London Crown was always convenient - directly next to Paddington Station, near dozens of restaurants and pubs, right on numerous main bus and underground lines, and even adjacent to a post office. ATM and currency exchange.Now, its five floors of down-around-the-edges small rooms have been transformed into very stylishly decorated, still very small, but pleasantly comfortable rooms. The bathrooms are clean and very modern, each room has a flat-screen TV on the wall, and wireless and wired Internet access is available (although at a pricey 3 pounds per hour or 10 pounds per 24 hour period). In the process, they've lost their very nice breakfast room in the basement; guests can go through the lobby to Garfunkels for meals. (Confirm whether your reservation includes breakfast vouchers - our three-day stay did not, but the next week's two-day stay did, at the exact same price - should have checked this before.) The basement is now a pretty but somewhat barren lounge. Staff were very pleasant and helpful.Location is wonderful, comfort and ambiance are very good. If you don't mind small (but efficiently designed) rooms, this is an excellent hotel for a London stay.	
Jan 17 2007	Great Location	My fiance and I stayed at the Quality Crown Hotel Paddington from Jan 1-4, 2007. We just flew in from Lisbon and had booked tickets with the Heathrow Express Train and found that when we came out from the subway the hotel was literally across the street! It was so nice to find a hotel close enough to the station so we didn't have to get an expensive taxi.The room was absolutely tiny! We had three large suitcases and even with one stuffed into the wardrobe it was hard to get around. The rooms are decorated with very nice modern decor. You get a huge flat panel tv, but it only has 8 or so channels. Internet was ridiculously priced at the hotel ( 3 stirling pounds for a half hour!!). So we went to an internet cafe/convenience store down the street where they had internet available for 1 poung/hr.The room was also equipped with a pant pressing machine thing. so rather than actually ironing your pants you just lay them flat in a pressing machine. I hate ironing so that was a plusThe bathroom was clean and the shower was great!The only thing we didn't like about the hotel was our view from our room. We were situated looking at an industrial looking pipe that was bricked in. Also the continental breakfast is horrible. You get coffee/tea, juice, cereal, milk, bread, some meat and oranges/apples.I would stay there again because of the great location, and we weren't in London to stay in our hotel room.	
Jan 2 2007 	Pretty Decent	We booked this room from a site and paid about $512 for four nights, which is pretty good for London! Room was small, as is always the case in London so we expected it. Very clean and modern and stylish-looking. Shower was great! Only complaints were that some staff was not that friendly, included continental breakfast was terrible, TV was on the fritz and turned off randomly at times, and we were told that we were upgraded to a king when we clearly were not - although we admittedly did nothing to remedy these problems.Overall, a good deal but I would not pay much more to stay here.	
Dec 28 2006 	Thumbs Down to Quality Crown Paddington	My stay at the Quality Crown Plaza was so terrible that I checked into another hotel. I don't recommend staying here to anyone. The location is good, but the rooms are dark, cold shoe boxes. The bedding was stiff, cold and on rock hard beds. The staff are international and cannot speak English at a level appropriate to deal with customers. The service was appalling. I was supposed to be there for a week but I eventually gave up trying to be accommodated and checked myself out. Do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else. This was not a pleasant experience.	
Dec 8 2006 	Average hotel good location	This hotel is classed as four star and, while I had no major problems with it, I would not agree.The rooms are tiny, the bathroom worse, but I suppose this isn't a problem in central London as you don't spend much time in the room. It seems to have been refurbished recently and the cleanliness is excellent. The nearest tube is literally on the doorstep.The breakfast is appalling for a four star hotel The hotel doesn't have a restaurant so a continental breakfast (pay extra if you want something hot) is served in the adjoining Garfunkels restaurant. The room service menu (a laminated piece of paper) is a selection from the same restuarant's menu.Also, I completely agree with a previous reviewer about the air conditioning. My room (a non-smoking one) was filled with the smell of cigarettes 5 minutes after turning it on.An ok hotel for a flying visit but not for a relaxing four star break.	
Oct 4 2006 	Great location but incredibly small rooms	The location of this hotel is absolutely fantastic as you are literally two minutes away from Paddington tube station. The rooms are generally well decorated and the facilities are ok.However, the rooms are extremely small. I booked a king size room and expected a decent sized room, but the room was very very small. This is the one thing that would probably deter me from staying at the hotel again, especially for long periods of time, as the room felt claustrophobic.The hotel staff were pleasant, and the restaurant next door had a good menu. I would not recommend the breakfast however as there was little choice on the menu. There are however a large number of places within the area to eat out, so this doesnt really cause a problem.	
Sep 22 2006 	Great location nice stay bad food	The location for this hotel is amazing. It is like 20 feet from the tube. After a long day of walking, it is nice to know you don't have to walk to the hotel.The rooms were small but very nice and clean. If you are overweight, I would be careful about the shower because of how it is set up. It might be difficult to fit in it.The food was gross and I don't suggest getting the breakfast with your room.	
Sep 8 2006 	Okay experience	I realize that London hotels in general are expensive, so I chose to concentrate on certain amenities. My top priority was non-smoking rooms. I stayed at the Quality Crown for four nights in a single room. All of the rooms are billed as non-smoking. My room was quite small, but very well designed with absolutely no wasted space. The finishings are modern and nicely done. At check-in I was informed that the elevator was broken (this seems to happen frequently) but was not really affected as my room was on the first floor. The hotel is very well situated right next to Paddington Station.My biggest complaint with the hotel is that I could smell smoke in my room. It seemed to filter through the air conditioning system. Guests (and staff) were allowed to smoke in the bar area, but my room was not near the bar. Maybe the smoke was from the staff (maybe near an air intake?). Also, because of the proximity to the train station, I could hear the trains. This wasn't a huge issue for me as I live in a fairly noisy (i.e. urban) neighborhood, but I imagine that some might be distrubed by the noise.	
Sep 6 2006 	Nice hotel	Me and my daughter (17) stayed for a week in the summer of 2006 and were both wery pleased. The location is great, a lot of buses stop in front of the hotel, the underground is also next door. I have stayed in the hotel before and have always been very happy, am planing to stay there again this winter :)The only thing that is missing is a icecube machine.	
Aug 26 2006 	Great Value for Money	Air-conditioned, newly renovated, very very conveniently located, very clean, helpful concerige staff. The room is small though that's fine with us. We could feel the building shook and hear the noise when a train passed; that stopped in mid-night and came again early in the morning. This is the only hesitation that I have with this hotel.	
Aug 15 2006 	Small rooms but great location	Hotel was very modern but small. The double room was suitable but only because it was for sole use. the rooms are very small as is the shower and bathroom. the location is fantastic as it is right near Paddington station. The rooms are without a fridge but do have air conditioning and an LCD tv. The first night i had prebooked through the internet and got a double room for approx 90 pounds. i had to stay again the next night unplanned as the foiled terroist attack happened at Heathrow when i was due to fly. the rate was 120 pounds without b/fast which i thought was too expensive for the hotel as the hilton down the road charges approx 130 per night but had no vacancies. I would definately recommend this hotel if you can get the rate for under 100 pounds. it was clean, modern and had air con and an LCD TV with cable which was crucial in keeping up to date with what was going on at Heathrow.	
Aug 4 2006 	Average Hotel - Great Location	Firstly this hotel is in a great location - 20secs from Paddington Tube Station. On arrival the hotel is fairly modern however furniture etc seems to have been done on a tight budget. Check in was quick although it lacked a personal touch - I felt like I was the 400th person to have checked in that day - perhaps something which may not be appreciated by those who have travelled a long distance. The room was really well decorated although quite small - not much walking space around the bed. Room had flat screen tv and digital air con which was great. The room was really clean and to be honest a bit of a bargain in London at £80 per room. The hotel did not have a bar or restaurant of it's own but seemed to recommend the &quot;Garfunkels&quot; restaurant next door. Beware - breakfast although quite nice is very expensive. As the breakfast isn't buffet style an average full english costs about £6 which isn't bad but orange juice, tea and toast brings the bill to £10 as everything else is at a seperate price. If there are only one or two people eating this isn't so bad but for a family I'd imagine you could spend anything from £40+. My advice is to find a nice little cafe for a home cooked breakfast. Apart from that the over all value of the hotel was good - hence the average rating I gave it.	
Jun 23 2006	OK	Stayed here in May, 2006. We had a corporate king room. It measured 9X11 1/2 feet. Only one person could walk around at a time. We had a problem storing 2 large suitcases. We finally just had to move them out of the way and then put them back! I didn't know bathrooms could be so small. There wasn't even enough room for a towel rack. One night the air conditioning broke and the staff was indifferent. The breakfast offered through the hotel isn't worth the money. On the plus side: I understand London hotel rooms are small and expensive. so I guess this fits the picture. It was clean and the bed was comfortable. The airconditioning was fixed by the next night. Convenient location across the street from Paddington station and underground. However, the trip to all the interesting stuff took about 1/2 half hour each way. Hope this helps.	
Jun 1 2006	Loved our stay!	Honestly, this is a great hotel. The price is very good for what you are getting. The room was small (even for London standards) but it was clean and very modern. Location can't be beat. The area is not filled with junkies as a past review stated- at least none were around when we were there. I walked around the neighborhood late at night and never once was afraid for my safety. The hotel was central to everything- just seconds away from Paddington Station. We were on the second floor. It was very quiet. Every once in a while we could feel the vibrations from the subway but it was never bothersome. I highly recommend this hotel. I'm so happy that we found this little gem.	
Jun 1 2006	Great Experience	We spent a long weekend at the Quality Crown to celebrate our 20th Wedding Anniversary in late March 2006. Right beside Paddington Station so transport links excellent. Hotel itself is small but beautifully decorated, and furnishings are of a high standard. Even though we were above a busy street and beside a tube station noise was minimal. An excellent clean and very comfortable destination!	
May 8 2006	Enjoyed the overnight stay	I stayed overnight in a single room last 14 April 2006. Room is tiny but really clean. Notice my transoceanic luggage occupied half of the entrance already. I have to leap over the luggage to go to the bathroom. No room to open my luggage. The TV is an impressive Philips 32in flat screen plasma but it offers only 4 channels. What a waste. The rest of the station is pay TV. My room was on the 2nd floor so I can hear the train running underground. (Get a higher floor if you're staying longer). Location is good. Bus stop is 100m. Tube station is 200m. Paddington train station (Heathrow Express) is also 200m. Garfunkel restaurant is the one serving the breakfast but their service is bad. I have to wait for clean plates or cutlery, bread or milk. They didn't even asked me if I'm ok or if I needed anything. But I noticed they served those who are PAYING pretty well... hmm... basically I was ignored. Lots of fastfood in the area. Staff was helpful. They even lent me a electrical outlet adaptor! Rate is not cheap but overall the hotel is recommended.	
Apr 15 2006	Great value	Great location next to subway station. Clean and newly refurbished room. Friendly staff and good service.	
Apr 8 2006	Location rest just OK	This is all about location, right next to Paddington Station. The only hotel closer to the Heathrow Express is the more expensive, but much better, Hilton in the station. The rooms are indeed tiny, the bathroom so small that even Kate Moss would have problems. And just a shower for this price is pretty awful. The area is scruffy, with junkies and others lingering outside. Not a late-at-night-walk-around place for the family. Most irritating: the very expensive Wifi (no mention is made of the exrta charge in any of the listings), which did not work in the room. Really, this is about location only.	
Apr 7 2006	A 2 star Hotel	The only things that I consider to be a plus for this hotel would be the location and the price. This hotel is located right next to Paddington, which is a plus if you are arriving to London via airplane and decide to take the train. The price is good as well, about 140 dollars per night, which is the equivalent to 70 pounds per night… For London this is a really good price.The bad things about this hotel are as follows:The room size is a joke; it is so small that the only things that fit are the bed, bathroom and one suit case. The T.V is modern, flat style. The bed was comfortable and clean. The view was not, the window was the size of an attic window and it does not open. If you are claustrophobic I would not recommend this hotel for you.Overall, if you are looking for a place to sleep, this is the hotel for you. However, if you are expecting the accommodations of a Hilton or a Marriot this is not the hotel to chose.	
Apr 7 2006	Shoebox	The recently refurbished Quality Crown Hotel next to Paddington Station seemed an attractive alternative to some of the fleabags in the area we had chosen to stay at on previous occasions just to be near Paddington. Although the location is ideal the rooms are not. What was sold to us as a double room with the potential for a baby cot turned out to be too small for one person, even if one takes notoriously diminuitive London hotel room sizes into account. There was not enough space to put away luggage and clothes (no chair or anything) for 2 persons so that a nocturnal trip to the bathroom proved a serious hazard. We could not pass one another without being reminded of Hyacinth Bucket's country residence.The decor is neat and modern, and the entire hotel was clean and functional - not exactly a given in London hotels. But the desk crew was unable to process US credit cards. We were told that they could only verify cards with a Euro chip, so US travelers, beware.In all, because of the claustrophobic conditions in our room, I would avoid the Quality Crown Paddington.	
Apr 5 2006	Wonderful Hotel	A great hotel, that has a very high standard.Check in- in 20 seconds, I have completed my check in to the hotel. The service was wonderful.Room- The Compact Double room is large enough, and has all modern equipment in it. The use of the space is quite impressive. One of the most clean rooms I have ever been to. A true pleasure.Location- As it has been written here before, superb location - right next to Paddington station, and a 15 minute walk to Oxford street (10 to Hyde Park....).In total - great hotel, that gives a wonderful feeling, and makes you miss London (especially with their low rates, I paid 80 pounds per night!).	
Mar 25 2006	nice room interior very convenient location	Location, location.The hotel lies across Paddington station, where the the express train from Heathrow Airport stops.It is a 5 minute walk to &quot;little Venice&quot; where you can take a flatboat ferry to the famous Camden (craft) Market.Furthermore, the hotel is at walking distance from Hyde Park.There is a good breakfast restaurant adjacent to the hotel (nog belonging to the hotel), plenty of restaurants and little groceries in the neighbourhood.The room is very well designed in regards of it's limited size, with a nice flatscreen tv. However, the room is just big enough for 1 person. Shower head extra large!Weird thing though; toilet is so low, that knees lock when you trie to get up! I have never seen such low toilets, not even in countries where people are shorter than the average Brit.Stayed first weekend in december 2005: 2 nights for 2 nights for 240 pounds incl tax, excl breakfast (5,95 pnd in adjacent restaurant). However, I also saw rates of 200 pnds for 2 nights.	
Mar 20 2006	A dishonest disgrace	I booked this hotel, hoping for what was described as a 'superior king double' at a hotel they claimed had four stars.The room is not a superior king double. The bed measures just over 5' wide and 6' long - not even a queen size, let alone a king size bed, and the room itself is terribly tiny, with nowhere - and no space - to open a suitcase, other than on the bed.As for the four stars, maybe in their dreams. But not in reality. It would not qualify for four stars either by AA or RAC rating standards. To be fair, it is a good (but small) three star room and hotel, but it is absolutely not a four star.Upon being confronted with the discrepancy between their claims and the reality, the hotel had nothing to offer as excuse or apology.If you're looking for a three star room and don't mind small, this hotel is a good choice (if the price is right, of course). But if you were expecting four stars, and if you are as naieve as to believe that a superior king room would actually contain a king sized bed, you'll be as disappointed as I am.	
Mar 1 2006	Definitely recommend!	We stayed at the Quality Crown Hotel Paddington for 11 nights starting February 14th. Room #110 facing Praed Street. Overall we were very happy (4.5). Would have been 5, but &quot;Nick&quot; ruined that (read on). Location: Terrific. Right across from Paddington Station, and on the Bakerloo, District and Circle Lines. VERY convenient. Very little noise both inside and outside the hotel and we were only one floor up. Surprising b/c Paddington is a very busy station. Nearby 24-hour convenience store, several fast food places, and decent eat-in cafe just up from the internet cafe. Avoid the Aberdeen! Garfunkels connected to hotel, but never tried it, though it was always busy. No nearby self laundries, though hotel offers cleaning for 3 pounds per item. Self laundry located just off Baker Street Underground stop (Washeteria, I believe). Much cheaper. Great couple own it.Accommodations: The room was a bit small for two women with two full-size suitcases, but we made do. Plus they were good size for European standards. We were happy with the cleanliness and presentation of the room, the fact that our suitcases were not easily accessable/storable wasn't a big deal. The one odd thing: the placement of the closet didn't allow one of the doors to fully open, and accessing the safe was very awkward, especially when things got shoved to the back.The TV rocked, and offers alarm (VERY LOUD!), radio and tv internet (not all websites are accessible - not even AOL! - so be careful). Also, my friend hit her head on the TV while on a nighttime trip to the bathroom - sounds crazy, but again be careful - it's just a bit narrow at the foot of the beds. Also, I forgot to take pix of bathroom, but ours was the same as the other review, except we had a nice glassed in shower w/a powerful showerhead. Water was ALWAYS mercifully hot! No vents in there, though, so it gets hot.The front doors do get locked at night - not sure exactly what time. But you ring the bell, and eventually someone will come let you in. Sometimes they're nice about it; other times, not so nice.Staff: Everyone was nice with the exception of &quot;Nick&quot; who seemed to always be working the front desk. Always. Initially, he seemed okay - although he did make a comment that was a bit racially shady - but after the first fews days, I completely ignored him because he just wasn't a pleasant person, nor was he very helpful. I thought it was just me, but I witnessed him being equally uphelpful to other hotel patrons, so I'm guessing it's just his personality.At the other end of the spectrum is George. SO NICE! He was more than helpful - if you need anything, ask for George. He's awesome! The cleaning crew rocked. Our room always had fresh towels - even when I tried to do the whole conservation effort, they replaced our towels. I did note they needed to vacuum a bit more, but it wasn't horrible or anything. Overall, the hotel is pretty much what it seems like on their site, so that's refreshing. I'd definitely stay there again, and would recommend to friends &amp; family.	
Feb 26 2006	New nice and clean 	Fantastic location, great bed, excellent shower - rain shower. Newly renovated , clean and again, superb location right in front of the heathrow express and beside padington station.Rooms are small but this is London and the rates are usually good. This hotel though is NOT accessibile to people in wheelchair. There is a door man who does little or NOTHING to assist you with your luggage up the stairs or even open the door to you. Staff are nice &amp; pleasant except the 2 gentlemen who look after the front desk. Would recommend it on a great rate and if you have an early morning flight and need to catch the Heathrow Express!	
Feb 25 2006	Great location	The location is great for exploring London as Paddington Station and Underground are next door. If you have read any of the other reviews, you should have figured out that the rooms are small. By far the smallest I have encountered in London, so far. The hotel is great for those traveling alone with minimal luggage. The rooms would not be well suited to couples with a lot of luggage or travelers of larger physical size(ok a nice way of saying if you're significantly overweight, it's not for you). The room was clean and well appointed. The day staff were friendly. I can not say as much for the night staff. Note that the outside door is locked late at night and the night staff seem disturbed if they have to let you in or out. Overall I'd just say it's ok.	
Feb 23 2006	definitely would stay there again!	the rooms are not that small..the smallest room i have stayed at was the paramount hotel in nyc; the rooms here at quality crown are of decent size for european standard; location is excellent, the tube station is just downstairs and heathrow express across the street..bus station within 50 metres!! rooms are clean and modern, and the bed was large and comfy! there is a mcdonald's downstairs, burger king across the street and tons of indian restaurants in the area; fabulous hotel and would definitely stay there again	
Feb 19 2006	Ecellent stay	We stayed here 2 nights. The htel had just been renovated and we stayed in one of the contempoary rooms. Everything was brand new, and spotless. The bed was comfortable. The staff were friendly and helpful. The location right at Paddington Station and the Heathrow Express (less than 100 meters) is unbeatable for convienence. The value for your money is excelent. Next time my wife and I go to London we are staying here again.	
Jan 22 2006	Lovely night in London	This hotel is an ideal place to stay right next to London Paddington Station. We were flying out the next morning and needed a hotel to stay for one night near Paddington (For Heathrow Express - which takes you straight into Heathrow in about 15 minutes) but didn't want to spend a lot of money. The Quality Crown Hotel was an ideal place to stay for this and a great value!! The hotel is extremly clean and quiet. The rooms are a bit small, but this is normal for London! The rooms and bathrooms are immaculatly clean and in fact I would say that our room had been newly rennovated. The rooms have a Large Screen Philips LCD TV and high speed internet is offered for a fee. The entrance to Paddington Station is just across the street so even if you have a luggage it's not going to be a problem! The london tube is also next door. All in all I am defintily going to be staying here again before my next trip.	
Jan 20 2006	Not Good	The rooms were very small, and the staff, particularly the night staff was not helpful. The walls were VERY thin - and they have &quot;club rooms&quot; - and while I have no idea what they are, they seem to permit guests to party until all hours of the night. I could hear talking, drinking, etc until about 2am, at which point I called the nightstaff. They did nothing because the noise continued until 5am. The next day we asked to change rooms, and they would not let us. Hence, the same noise the next day. Further, the internet is HORRIBLE and we asked for assistance setting it up. We were over charged - billed for 2 hours, EACH, plus the 24hrs we paid for. Clearly, this makes no sense, as was apparent to all, but the manager (who first lied and said it was for movies, which we did not watch) said that he would not reimburse us. So basically, he cheated us. I would not recommend this place to anyone. The only plus would have to be it's housekeeping staff and the breakfast.	
Jan 7 2006	nice clean hotel	My wife and I stayed here during our London trip. First the pluses- Excellent location -very close to the Paddington station ( great for those who take the heathrow express), only a 5 min walk. Very friendly staff. Good room service. Nice neighbourhood. Plenty of shops to eat out and to buy some essentials. The big bus tour stop is also very close by.The minuses-The rooms are very tiny.But we were expecting that reading the reviews. The walls are thin. You can hear your neighbours talk. The breakfast is not included. GBP 10.50 is a lot for breakfast.Overall a pleasant stay.	
Jan 2 2006	Nice room but service is below par	I stayed at this hotel for 5 nights starting Dec 18th.This is my first visit to London, so I read extensive reviews and hotel photos. Like the other reviews pointed out - The room is small but nicely furnished and the bathroom power shower is very comfortable. The location is very convenient for people who plan to take HeathrowExpress from/to LHR. Also, this is where our out-of-London day-tours end, so that's another plus point location-wise.Now, if you choose this hotel, be-aware that:1. Attempt to charge for holding the luggage. Other reviews for this hotel mentioned that this hotel charges people GBP1.0 for each piece of luggage. The night before checking out, I asked the front desk person if they can hold my luggage for a few hours after checking out. He said yes but there is a GBP1.0 charge for each piece of luggage. Even when checking out, the person who took our luggage &quot;reminded&quot; us about the charge. However, during our conversation with the hotel manager regarding another incident (see #3), we are surprised to find out that &quot;they never charge anything for holding people's luggage&quot;. However, the manager does not seem to care which two people gave us the wrong information. No wonder the service is below par.2. Incorrect billing for misc charges. We made a local phone call and the charge showed up as GBP2.30 when checking out. Double checked with the front desk person and she said for local calls the charge should be GBP0.3.3. No Service offered for dysfunctional alarm. One night, a deafening alarm went off around *3AM*. Bewildered, I called the front desk and after a while, someone picked up, I was told very briefly that an alarm at 2nd floor has went off but nothing to concern about. Shortly after the phone call, the deafening alarm stopped. However, an annoying tapping sound occurred every 5 to 10 minutes. Called the front desk again, was told that something else went wrong when reseting the alarm. Service folk has been called. This continued til 10AM! I'd think for incidents like this, a 4-star (yes, that's what they are labeling themselves as on their hotel info flyer) hotel would send some chocolate or fruit as an apologetic gesture. But no, nothing more than the attitude that &quot;I've apologized, What more do you want?!&quot;.It's due to the poor service that I cannot give this hotel a better rating.One more word of caution, if you book this hotel through Expedia, the rate does not include any breakfast despite of what Expedia showed (continental breakfast). Expedia claimed that hotel provided the wrong info. Hotel claimed that my reservation has &quot;room only&quot; and no breakfast. In the end, hotel does nothing while Expedia offered a coupon for future travel. Combined with my other incidents, I can't help but feel that this hotel doesn't care much about customer satisfaction.	
Dec 31 2005	Perfect!	I have to say for the money in london this hotel Waaay over lived our expectations. the rooms were very nice - actually looked like they do in the photos on their website. We stayed in a contemparory King room - admittedly the bed wasnt what i would class as a king more a double but still it suited us fine. The decor was great, staff fantastic, everything good. I wouldnt reccomend purchasing the continental breakfast like we did - it cost £5/person/day and the resteraunt charges £5 for a full english on the day and continental wasnt on the menu but im sure it could be requested. Amazingly noise from the tube underneath was inaudible - and we were on the second floor (first floor with rooms) It could however be heard in the lounge area in the basement. We didnt use the gym facilites but they appeared to be very clean and in good order. We liked the hotel so much that we have just booked another weekend break in March - ill post then to say if it was a nice!9/10 from us - the ONLY down was the size of the &quot;king&quot; bed	
Dec 28 2005	Small but good	The room was small, but adequate, and had been refurbished in very modern style, with a flat screen TV and metal accents. The staff was friendly and helpful (and did not charge for holding luggage). The Garfunkels next door is good for breakfast. Location is very convenient for both Heathrow express and buses and tube. A good value.	
Dec 3 2005	Any room but 408		
Nov 29 2005	Excellent for the value		
Nov 9 2005	Overall ok beware the luggage storage		
Nov 4 2005	Great location		
Oct 28 2005	We were very comfortable		
Oct 19 2005	very nice	Much nicer than expected.Very close to Paddington station and the Tube.Quiet courtyard so the traffic did not disturb us.Room was very small (we had a lot of luggage and had problems walking around the room because it was so small) but bed was nice too.Only downside was that you can hear the people in surrounding rooms.Shower/toilet were very nice too.This hotel is not fancy, and may not appeal to those who want to live in luxury, but it should suit very well those who want a clean place to stay.	
Oct 15 2005	Excellent Value		
Sep 26 2005 	Absolutely excellent		
Sep 23 2005	Trendy Rooms in a Convient Location for the Heathrow Express		
Aug 31 2005	Loved it-PADDINGTON is a great area	Hotel was very clean, room was TINY as to be expected- great value for your $$ (for London) as least. Location and neighborhood were amazing. The elevator was a little slow but being on the 4th floor we just took the stairs for the most part. Bed was a double, not a queen and it was a little cramped with both my hubby and I-and not the most comfortable bed but it wasn't a problem. Shower was really clean and water pressure good, temperature of water excellent...toillet didn't flush well but that seemed to happen all over EuropeWe didn't try the breakfast but were please with the kettle and tea/coffee provided in the room.BOTTOM line-we would stay here again and recommend to our friends	
Aug 9 2005	Nice and clean hotel perfect location - but avoid a basement room	The area is fantastic and the hotel is beautiful and clean. Most of the staff is very nice (except for one female receptionist, who actually was not very friendly). Unfortunately, we got a room in the basement, where there was quite a lot of noise early in the morning from people checking out dragging their suitcases across the reception floor right above our heads. Also, when people came back from a party in the middle of the night laughing and talking loud, the noise was as if they were inside our room. Our room did not include breakfast, and the breakfast they serve at 10.50 pr person is not worth the money, I advise you to have breakfast somewhere else. All in all though, the hotel was so nice and clean and the area so great that I would recommend it and would consider staying there again when visiting London. BUT avoid the basement and the breakfast, unless included.	
Aug 9 2005	Very Pleased		
Jun 2 2005	The basement is not where guests should stay!	We arrived before we were able to check in and there was no remorse from the front desk. After feeling displaced we finally were able to get into our room, but not a minute too soon. After being given our room key we learned that our room was in the BASEMENT! I've never been made to stay in the basement of a hotel. The room was not clean and there were workers outside our window early each morning. The hotel has a great location, but the room was not satisfactory.	
May 14 2005	Would definitely stay at this hotel again	We chose this hotel because of the TripAdvisor reviews and we were not let down. In fact we were so pleased with the location and overall facilities and cleanliness that we stayed there again a fortnight later. OK, the rooms were small, but not unduly so by European standards. We would certainly stay there again.	
May 11 2005	More of the scam	It might be a coincidence, but...Like another user here, I booked a room at the Quality Hotel Paddington over the internet, and, on arrival, was told that they had experienced a power failure on the whole top floor, and would transfer me to their Hampstead hotel. This was at 11pm and I was not best pleased.I shared a cab to the other hotel with an Austrian lawyer who had a very early flight from Heathrow the next morning and who had specifically chosen a hotel near to Paddington in order to catch the Heathrow Express. He was not a happy man.The Hampstead hotel is not in Hampstead, and is, indeed, shabby and cheap-looking; hostel-like. It advertises rooms much cheaper than the Paddington hotel, and so the hotel chain - I assume - makes money by overbooking.The Paddington hotel looked nice - but wandering around Frognall at 11:45pm trying to find something to eat wasn't nice at all. I wouldn't risk it again; and if other people post similar experiences to the ones already mentioned here, I think that Trading Standards might want to look at what this hotel is up to.	
Dec 15 2004	Beware of this scam	I reserved a room at the Quality Hotel, Paddington on 2 December,2004, over the internet. When I arrived at 3pm I was told they had a maintenance problem. When I questioned the validity of this the manager told me if I was calling him a liar I had to leave knowing full well I was in no position to do so. Therefore I had to stay at their hotel in Hampstead. Obviously the Paddington hotel was overbooked and to fill up their out of town hotel they operate this scam. The hotel in Hampstead was too far out of London, inferior, shabby, cost less and they didn't even provide a bedspread for the bed! The taxi ride took over 30 mins there and the next day almost one hour back into London. I had to cancel meetings because of this.	
Dec 6 2004	Be ware of "hot deals"	My husband and I had booked a room for four nights through the Internet, a special offer. We had been travelling all over Europe, but the first night in this hotel was the worst accommodation we had had - even the Canary Islands 2 star hotel was much better. So our advice is not to check into room 601, this seems to be the only room which is not marked &quot;club room&quot;. It is beside the bar and the persons inside might as well have been in bed with you. In the morning, people seem to gather outside the window for a chat... I nearly stuck my nose into a face when I went to close the window! Fortunately, the next morning when I talked to the desk person, he was very understanding and when we came back from our day trip in London, our luggage had been moved to a club room which was just fine. There were problems with flushing the toilet there as well, though. I usually keep to myself a lot, but my husband agrees with those who praise the bar-tender for his friendly disposition.	
Nov 29 2004	Not Bad	The staff were very kind and helpful. The location was very good. Close to the Paddington Station Heathrow express and the Tube. The room was clean though tiny. Single file only. The only complaint is the bathroom. The toilet had some flushing difficulties(3 flushes and slow filling). And the shower often overflowed. I would stay here again.	
Sep 23 2004	Decent place to stay	The hotel was clean with good service. It was convenient to be near Paddington station, but would have liked to be more near the center of London. The room was a bit cramped, but we did have 3 beds in there. Three of us had trouble finding the hotel since it's in the middle of a square that isn't obviously labeled. Overall, an average hotel.	
Sep 19 2004	Great Location	My 78 year old mother and I just returned from 7 days in London. The Quality Hotel Paddington was great: Clean, attractive, friendly staff and a great location. Paddington station, the tube and buses all within 5 minute walk. We were all over london quick and easy. The room we had was tiny, but that was fine with us. I got a little sick of their continental breakfast, but ate it anyway. It was good, but hard to eat the same thing for 7 mornings. Not really walking distance to any &quot;sights&quot; but an easy bus ride. You can buy an all day bus or tube ticket for about 2.5 pounds.Have fun! Theaters were an easy bus ride, as was: The Tower of London, Westminster Abby, Notting Hill, Picadilly Circus, British Museum, National Museum, etc.	
Sep 1 2004	Probably won't stay there again	Very clean...small rooms...narrow hallways...bartender Dario is great! Super friendly and fun to chat with. 2 blocks from paddington station. If you are used to American hotel rooms you will be disapointed. Lower levels have musty smell. Desk clerks can be grumpy...don't ask them for anything...ask Dario. He will make sure you get what you need. Could not accomodate early check in if you arrive on early morning flight, but you can leave luggage there and go out for the day and then come back and check in. Fast train to Heathrow leaves from Paddington Station...well worth the money if you have a lot to carry.	
Jul 1 2004	Don't be surprised if you can't gain access to your room!!!	Stayed for 2 nights in March 2004. Returned from a days sightseeing only to find that we couldn't gain access to our room. Discovered that the management had moved all our belongings to a much smaller and inferior room. However, this move had occured without our prior knowledge and agreement! The hotel admitted that they had made the mistake - they had made a double booking on our original room and then decided to make matters worse by moving us instead of allocating the other room to the newly arrived guests. We complained but were told there was no duty manager available until the Monday morning (this was Saturday evening). We couldn't even not pay as we had paid up-front through an agency. Our compensation ? A small warm bottle of cheap champagne! This incident totally ruined our weekend as much time was spent on the phone to various people and of course we had to check that none of our personal items were missing. After seeking guidance we complained directly to Quality Inns, via the agency and also to ABTA - what an utter waste of time. Turns out that Quality Inn managers don't behave in a 'Quality way'. Just beware of this hotels 'policy' and make sure you don't leave any valuables in your hotel room unattended...thought you were meant to be able to relax and treat these places like home....WRONG!!!	
Jun 15 2004	good value great location	From the perspective of a young woman and her eighteen year old brother travelling on their own, the hotel had lots to offer. In terms of ease of travel by tube, it was just a 5 minute walk from Paddington. The rooms they stayed in (a week apart) were both nice, not spacious but they were impressed with the cleanliness, especially the bathroom. Eateries in the area were good, especially Ask Pizza (raves!) The only complaint was about the breakfast, which they only sampled once before going elsewhere for coffee and pastries. Staff were helpful and friendly, both to the kids and to us when we called. Overall, good value for the money if you are looking for something pleasant, but reasonable.	
May 16 2004	Virtual tour is deceiving	While researching our stay, we checked out the virtual tour (with 360 view) of the rooms. Based on that, we booked a Club room with a double bed.Beware that the 360 view shown on the site and reality have nothing in common! The room we were given was dramatically smaller. As a plus, i must say that when booking i asked for an extra-quiet room. We were placed at the very end of the hallway, which minimized traffic and allowed us to have a good night's sleep.	
May 16 2004	Carpenter wanted !! Don't stay until floor fixed!!	The hotel was clean and well situated. Internet access in the foyer was a good addition. I had requested a superior room and was shown to one on the ground floor. The only thing that seemed to be different to a normal room was the cheap wood four poster bed. (B+Q style) however the bed was comfortable. The room was clean but I could only imagine the iron, ironing board and trouser press were the only requirements needed to make this an AA 4 start hotel? I have stayed in better 3* hotels. The main problem was the bad creaky floorboards in the room above. 2 hours before midnight 'creak creak' then 0330-&gt;0530 when they left to check out above. I could not sleep at all!! Staff not concerned and said they are all noisy!!	
May 5 2004	Don't expect much !!	Didn't expect too much at this hotel during the summer of 2003, considering the lower prices...However, when we checked in there were renovations taking place up front. We had to wait about 5-10 mins. before the bellboy noticed we were even there &amp; we needed help with the luggage, as no one employed there seemed to speak fluent English.Anyway, we were able to check in after noon - one positive thing about it...Receptionist was ok.But when we got to the very tiny elevator, &amp; even narrower hallway, we got to our room, and it was absolutely tiny - even by London standards...I could roam the tiny room in 5 paces...We booked a room for 3 people, &amp; what we found was 2 singles, and a cot bed !! by the window....It appeared like no one had stayed in the room for weeks, as it smelled musty, and the windows were open !..(BECAUSE THERE WAS NO AIR CONDITIONING !!!)We thought at the very least that the room would be bigger considering they put in an extra bed..To give us more room (if any), we put the 2 single beds together, so at least our 5 yr. old won't feel so constrained.Anyway, my husband &amp; I itched the entire night - probably because the sheets haven't been changed in days/weeks...Then my daughter wanted the window closed, because a couple of big bugs tried to get in....We stuck it out, as we were only there 2 nights, but never again !!Tiny, tiny place for families - for single travellers, &amp; one night stays, it may work....If you prefer air conditioning - avoid this place.The only other advantage is the location - walking distance to Hyde Park &amp; 2 line stations.But believe me, there are better hotels out there for the price.	
Apr 25 2004	A Very Pleasant Stay - We'll Be back	My husband, our teenaged son and I spent a week at the Quality Hotel Paddington during April 2004. The hotel is clean, well-maintained and attractively decorated and furnished. The rate was extremely reasonable. The staff were friendly and helpful. The hotel is located on a small square with a lovely flower garden. It was very easy to get to the hotel from Heathrow. We were able to walk to several major tourist attractions and shopping areas from the hotel, and other sites of interest were easily reachable by the nearby underground. We found some good, reasonably-priced restaurants in the neighborhood. I will stay at the Quality Hotel Paddington again and will recommend it to my friends.	
Apr 2 2004	Stay here at your own risk	This hotel just about ruined my first London experience. We were given the room next to the reception area, and heard the muzak in the reception area, the staff talk all night, and machinery whirring. I got up in the middle of the night to complain to the night clerk (it was only a 10 foot walk), and at least they were agreeable to moving us into one of their club rooms on the top floor the next night. Despite this, I still wouldn't stay here again, even though they offered a free night the next time we were in London. The only redeeming feature of the place was location, being so close to Paddington Station, and the high speed rail line to and pre-check in to Heathrow.The Comfort Inn chain actually sent me gift certs for the value of the hotel room for our first night after I complained, which redeemed the chain in my eyes, but there are enough hotels near this one that you stay here only if you have no choices.	
Jan 29 2004	Great Location	This hotel is within an easy walk to Paddington Rail Station, Hyde Park and Oxford Street and the park around the corner has a London bus tour pickup point. Rooms are very small, though clean. I mention here, that the noise from the squeaking floor boards as occupants walk about in the rooms above, is quite disturbing especially late at night and in the early mornings. However, it is in a great location and breakfast is simple fare. There are several hotels and restaurants nearby for reasonably priced meals. We have stayed here twice - the first time in December 2002 and again in November 2003.	
Jan 19 2004	An Average (but not unpleasant) Experience	We have now stayed at the Quality Hotel Paddington six times, so I feel I can write a balanced review. Our experiences at the hotel have been mixed, but overall, we have found it a reasonably comfortable hotel with an excellent location at a reasonable rate. First, we concede the bad points. On one trip, we stayed at the hotel for only one night before moving on, and the 'double room' was so small that only one of us could get out of the bed to walk around at a time. The bed was also extremely narrow. We have also experienced the 'bait and switch.' However, we were sent to a better property in South Kensington which had air conditioning during the heatwave this past summer, so the switch was quite welcome. Our other stays at the hotel have been fine. These stays have been longer than two days (three of the stays were for a week), so there may be a definite lesser level of consideration when you are only staying for a night or two. We have always had a 'Club Room' (we book through United Vacations), and the room usually has two single beds. While not spacious, there is room enough to put our clothes away, store our purchases, and stow luggage out of the way. I like the fact that the rooms have individual safes. There is also an ironing board and iron plus the usual tea-making equipment. The room is generally clean. The bathrooms are quite good with room to move around. There are shelves on which to put your toiletries. We have only had showers, so we don't know if any come with bathtubs. The heating unit for the showers is noisy, and we could hear the unit in the adjacent room at times. Sometimes we have the breakfast included and sometimes not. The continental breakfast is very adequate with cold cuts and cheeses, rolls and croissants, cold cereals, canned fruit slices, juice, and tea or coffee. The location is definitely excellent. We get off the plane, board the Heathrow Express to Paddington Station, and walk the two blocks to the hotel. This was especially convenient last winter when there was a heavy snowfall. Paddington is a major Underground station, and it's easy to get anywhere. We also take day trips, and there are direct connections from Paddington to places such as Oxford and Bath. Booking through United Vacations, the average night cost is about $100. Given the current exchange rate of 1.8, that is quite reasonable for central London. In closing, do we plan to stay at the Quality Hotel Paddington again? The answer is yes.	
Dec 3 2003	STAY AWAY from this place	I have to agree with many of the comments on this site. We went to London in Sept. '03 and lasted only ONE night in this TERRIBLE hotel! (we had booked one week). I think we were SO tired the first night that we care where we slept. The room on the top floor was quiet and spacious (for Euro standards) and clean. However, when we woke up the next morning there was NO WATER at all... NONE! We inquired and were told initially that it was a &quot;temporary problem&quot; but that somehow water was working in a public restroom in the basement and we should feel free to wash up down there (we were on the 4th floor!). Lucky for us it was really early.. 6am.. for two reasons. 1) No one else was up and had discovered the lack of water above ground level 2) the night manager was still on duty. We inquired a bit more with the night manager and he admitted that we would be told it would all be fixed immediately by the day manager and this was a lie. He suggested we check out and got us a cab. He only charged us 1/2 for the first night and recommended other hotels. This was the only redeeming quality of this hotel. While waiting for our cab, we heard the newly arrived day manager telling an ANGRY crowd of roughly 12 people that the water was temporarily down and would be fixed. He even tried to tell them that the water was out for the entire grid so moving to nearby hotels would not be wise. DO NOT STAY HERE! (the Hilton Hotel near Nob Hill was excellent)	
Nov 12 2003	bait and switch	My wife and I fly to London from Los Angeles and had reserved a room for two nights at the Quality Hotel Paddington using Expedia. We took the Heathrow Express to the Paddington Station and carried our luggage to the Quality Hotel Paddington for check-in. The hotel tried to send us to one of their properties located in some less desirable location, claiming they had mechanical problems. They said they were not checking in guests but they checked in some people about 15 minutes later as we were in the lobby. I asked the desk clerk why she was checking them in and she said it was because they were staying 5 nights (longer than me and my wife).When I asked the desk clerk for recommendations for local hotels, she said she didn't know of anything. I walked around the area and found the Mitre House Hotel across the street. They were very accomodating and had a room for us for two nights. We highly recommend this hotel over the Quality Hotel Paddington.The name for the hotel reviewed here should be the Low Quality Hotel Paddington based on the service and dirty bait and switch tactics they employ.	
Nov 7 2003	I would not stay there again...		
Oct 15 2003	Beware of this hotel		
Sep 23 2003	Won't go back		
Sep 11 2003	Great location check the room		
Jul 14 2003	Room is Like a Walk-In Closet		
Jul 8 2003	They took our money then gave away our room		
Nov 24 2009 	Immer gerne wieder		
Nov 12 2009 	shopping a londra		
Sep 26 2009 	???		
Sep 16 2009 	Muy buen hotel 100% recomendable		
Aug 20 2009 	Mi hijo durmió en el suelo. Mal trato. Publicidad engañosa.		
Aug 12 2009 	goed hotel		
Jul 4 2009 	un loculo neanche un 3 stelle		
May 28 2009 	Lo mejor su ubicacion		
May 28 2009 	Interessante		
Mar 4 2009 	?????		
Jan 11 2009 	Tres Fonctionnel		
Sep 22 2008 	Buen Hotel		
Feb 22 2008 	No volvería		
Jun 6 2007 	Totalmente recomendable		
Nov 29 2006 	Gutes Hotelt mit kleinen Makeln		
