Nov 20 2009 	What a find..brilliant value	HiBooked this through Last Minute and was one of their top secret hotels so got it about half the price it should have been. Quite good location for all the major sites with short tube rides. Check in was quick, friendly and welcoming and although we got there just after 1300 our room was ready. King size bed, room modern, spacious with very plush fittings and everything you need . Good size bathroom with bath and shower. Air conditioning perfectly controllable and quiet. The room was mega quiet and bed very comfy. My hubby says he slept like a log. Didnt eat at the hotel but ate at chinatown and also near by the hotel were some really good Persian restaurants. Had a lovely meal at one called Safa. Ate really late after theatre but service impeccable. All in all we had a lovely stay here and wouldnt hesitate to stay again.	
Nov 15 2009 	Nice location but if you want a good health club or food pass on it	Decent enough rooms although you can hear the hallway noise. I had to move my room that was near elevator since there were kids flying their toy in foyer. Also, could hear anytime someone came by.The &quot;gym&quot; is very poor by 5-star standards...3 treadmills, 2 eillipticals, 1 bike, no machines...very tight space.Food is just Ok...avoid the marg. pizza (seems the frozen type)Definately not worth 300 pounds...try the langham nearby...much better food, gym, rooms	
Nov 10 2009 	Damn perfect	No more to say really, great location, quiet yet a short walk from Oxford St, staff are great	
Nov 10 2009 	Good place to stay	Arrived very early - given room immediately.Nice bedroom. Huge comfortable bed. Very quiet &amp; peaceful. Elegant contemporary decor - white walls, dark wood. Good shower. Lovely towels/bathrobe.Excellent breakfast - wide choice from buffet and made to order waffles, pancakes, etc .Very good location - off Oxford Street, just round the corner from Selfridges. Only downsides - hotel could be more generous with complementary beverages - just 4 sachets of milk provided in double room (have to ring housekeeping to get more). No hot chocolate sachets, no little packets of biscuits. Also bare minimum of toileteries - no nail file, just one shower cap, etc. (these are VERY small faults with an otherwise excellent hotel).	
Nov 6 2009 	Nice place to stay but chambermaid is a little sloppy....	Stayed in Hyatt Churchill for for 4 nights in Oct. I was on a short weekend trip with my husband.Location : Coveniently located near the Marble Arch Tube station and Oxford Street. Bond Street is only a short walk away. It was the weekend and we wanted to attend mass. St James Church, a catholic church was 10 mins walk away. Very convenient.Rooms : Good size room with pleasant deco but walls are a little thin like what others mentioned here on TA. We could hear people opening and closing their doors and talking along the corridor in the evening. Fortunately no one made too loud noises after 10pm and so we were still able to get decent sleep. I like to have breakfast served in my room and normally place my order card at the door before I go to bed. The chambermaid was sloppy and did not replace my cards everyday. I had to call every evening for a new card. I would have thought this should be standard operating procedure for the chambermaid. It leaves me to wonder if the chambermaid was unhappy with us. On the first day, we had checked in in the late afternoon. We went out shopping and came back to our room around 8-9pm. Immediately when I came back, the chambermaid knocked on my door to ask if I needed anything. As I just came back, I told her we did not need anything and she left. I did not give her a tip. This happened the second night as well. I travel often and this is the first time that I encounter chambermaids knocking on my door immediately after I return to my room. 8-9pm is definitely too late for turn-down service. Most 4/5 star hotels I stay in do turn down in the evening around 5-6pm.Room Service : Prompt / On time. Food was delivered warm.Internet Service : We did use the internet service for one day. It cost us GBP15 for 24 hours. Not cheap but we thought it reasonable/comparable to other 4-5 star hotels. Connection was quite fast and good.Conclusion: A convenient place to stay with comfortable room.	
Nov 3 2009 	Wonderful location	Just returned from 2 night stay in The Churchill. Excellent service. Arrived early and were allocated room within half an hour. We got an super deal after extensive &quot;secret research&quot; Extras proved very expensive. 121/2% service charge on everything.Breakfast and dinner were very good standard. We had booked half board and were given a separate menu for dinner. Location was terrific. Short walk to Marble Arch underground station. Selfridges etc very close to hotel. 5mins from Oxford Street. A minor problem with mini bar was quickly resolved and a complimentary voucher for pre-dinner drinks given. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would highly recommend this hotel.	
Nov 2 2009 	home away from home	as usual the hotel has kept itself up to its excellent standard.the gyms very spacious and functionalfood greataccess to the west end is excellentthe staff are wonderful and courteousthe only BUT is having to pay for internet access after paying so much, someone need to alert them that this does more damage tot heir brand than the anount they make from the internet charges. they should have every customer assigned access for FREE	
Oct 27 2009 	Perfect Hotel in perfect location	We stayed for a long weekend from October 23-26 at the Hyatt Regengy London - The Churchill.Overview:The Churchill was definitively one of the best hotels we ever stayed in London. An we come for 20 yearrs 2.3 times a year, tried a lot of hotel.From the time of reservation until leaving the hotel we absolutely loved the hotel and the staff is really very attentive.Hotel:The hotel is located on Portman square, thats one block behind Oxford street, less then 5 minutes walk from Marble Arch station.It was formerly an Intercontinental, but has been renovated some years ago. Outside impression is not so nice (50's style), but inside everything is very nice and perfect. Very impressive lobby.We had room on 7th floor with park view. There are double windows to protect from street noise and Aircondition worked perfectly, even in October.Room:We had a King room facing the park, beds are heavenly and rooms are big for London standards. Everything perfectly clean. Room was services twice a day and turn down was done every night. The bathroom is not big but nice and all amenities available, inclusive bathrobes.Everything looks new, carpet, furniture, everything you expect from a 5 Star hotel (which is not common standard in London).Water pressure in bathroom is great.Service:I told the hotel, that this trip is a birthday gift for my friend. At check-in they congratulated for birthday and we found champagne and sweets on the room. They also gave us an upgrade from standard to park view room.This was really a great surprise.Everybody in the hotel was abolutely friendly and helpful, they even extended our checkout time to 4 PM.Only negative issue was the service in the Churchill Cocktail bar. Staff was not friendly and absolutely unflexible. They did not have Mai Tai on the menue and when I asked for it, the waiter said they only mix drinks from the list. So we did not use the bar again. But this was a absolutely minor issue and did not bother us.Location:Portman square is right behind Oxford street, Marble Arch underground staton only 5 minuites walk. Lots of shops, restaurants and cafes around.We will definitively come back to the Churchill !!!!	
Oct 21 2009 	Classy hotel just blocks away from shopping and Hyde Park.	The Hyatt Regency was a very nice and classy hotel. It is located just a few blocks from LOTS of shopping. The rooms were accomodating and even spacious for a European hotel.My only complaint is the availability of food after 9pm but this also seems to be much of London. We had to search just to get a snack.Overall, I highly reccommend this hotel!	
Oct 14 2009 	Amazing Service	This Hotel has some of the best service in the whole country. There attention to detail in regards to the food outlets and the rooms is second to none. Make sure to see the concierge staff while u stay. They know almost anything u can trhough at them and are so polite and full of great ideas. Will always stay at the Churchill when in London!!!	
Oct 13 2009 	What can I say - its a very posh hotel	Its a hotel that merits its five stars. I got an upgrade and I won a free night too. So I was pretty happy (but very lucky too).	
Oct 7 2009 	Posh hotel in a great location	I stayed here recently using some of my Hyatt points and at 18k per night, I figured it had to be nice but was still not prepared for how nice the lobby was when I entered. Didn't have too much interaction with the staff---front desk was polite but not very warm, room service was very nice (used it for the free Coffee for GP members). My room was very quiet and plush, great bed which was comfortable for sleeping and I didn't hear any noise. Bathroom was very nice with a decent shower but I never got any Moulton Brown amenities as I guess those were reserved for the Club floor rooms.Decent exercise room with showers and co-ed sauna----only issue was that there were no lockers to leave my stuff in if I changed down there rather than coming down in my workout gear. The restaurant looked good and they were running a decent prix-fixe special for both lunch and dinner (decent price considering the area) but I never got to try it as there were so many other places to try on nearby Marlybone High Street or even Baker Street.Loved having the free wi-fi (for Elite GP members) as that saved quite a few bucks. Also did like the electrical options (choice of US or European outlets for charging your phone etc). I made the mistake of drinking the water bottles left out for me after the turndown service, assuming they were free for Elite members but then ended up paying 8 pounds plus tax for the 2 bottles (quite pricey), so watch out for that and the mini-bar.Not sure if I would pay the rack rate to stay here but it is a very nice hotel and I enjoyed my stay.	
Oct 6 2009 	I LOVE the Hyatt	My daughter and I were in London for a 5 day holiday before she went to Uni. I'm never disappointed when I stay at the Hyatt - the service is impeccable (I always tell people, that everyone in the service industry should go to the Hyatt School of Service!), the hotel was beautiful, in a good location, had a great workout room, and our room was outstanding. We had a wonderful experience at the Hyatt on this trip. Every staff member we came into contact with went out of his/her way to accommodate/assist us. Our room was always fresh and well attended to (and the Molton Brown bath/shower gel is addicting!). The workout room was pristine, a good size, and had good quality treadmills and weights. We enjoyed the Regency Club benefits on this trip and it was lovely to go for breakfast before starting out on our long walks discovering all there is to see and experience in London! I would stay at the Churchill again without question. For a woman traveling on her own or with children, the Hyatt is in a great neighborhood and we always felt safe. I love the Hyatt and stay at one wherever I travel.	
Oct 5 2009 	Clean and efficient	The rooms are a bit small, but otherwise the hotel is fine. You will like the little thoughts they put into the workstation area (power outlets for EU and USA). The bathroom and bedding are nice, and the hotel is well-located. It's fine.	
Oct 5 2009 	Great Price Great Hotel	Altough our stay was only brief, the overall impression was first class.We were attending a function at another venue and I left briefly at midnight to move the car to this hotel and to check in. Parking outside the hotel at the weekend was easy. Check in took a couple of minutes and reception were very friendly and helpful despite the fact it was past midnight. I left the bags with the receptionist.Returned to the hotel around 2 am. Bags were waiting in room. Decor in hotel very tasteful.Room 605. Clean large well decorated. Massive comfortable bed. Nice bathroom. Again spotless. Brilliant shower. The hotel supplied all those nice little extras. Tea and coffee in room, a safe, robes and slippers.My only complaint was that we weren't staying longer.	
Sep 25 2009 	Luxurious hotel luxurious bed fantastic location	Got this room at a great rate of only £120stg on a discount website - so with that context in mind I was greatly impressed. Fantastic location near Oxford street, Baker street and marylebone High Street; spotless and beautifully equipped hotel; the most comfortable hotel bed I can recall. Yes the room was serviced twice daily - but surely this is no bad thing! At full rack rate some may be disappointed, but if you can bag a bargain (even if some 'top secret' detective work is required), this hotel is phenomenal value. I didn't wish to pay for breakfast, but there are many suitable low-cost venues for this within a few hundred metres' radius - and room in the minibar fridge for a snack to get you started!.	
Sep 21 2009 	Fantastic	One of the best hotels I've ever stayed in. Just don't use the mini bar or bar unless you have a big wallet	
Sep 2 2009 	Excellent Hotel Great location	Staff were friendly, Small room but had everything that we needed. Breakfast what a great choice!!! Only one problem not sure why the room had to be cleaned twice a day!!	
Sep 2 2009 	Great hotel in London	1 night-stay on the Club floor en-route back to Japan. Excellent club lounge, generous helpings and a nice selection of booze. Good all round help from the staff; printing boarding passes, helping with luggage left on a train. Good-sized, well appointed room, Molton and Brown toiletries and great water pressure on the shower. We ate in the Locanda Locatelli Italian restaurent located in the hotel and had a great meal (can be charged to the room). It was jam packed on a Tuesday night so they must be doing something right. All in all it's pretty expensive not that we felt it as we were there on Hyatt points but I don't think I'd mind paying as you get what you pay for here, which you can't always say about London hotels.	
Aug 26 2009 	i was disappointed	I have stayed in the Churchill before this time in 2004 and I enjoyed the room, the breakfast buffet and the friendly reception staff.However, this time every think have changed the breakfast was not like last time stranded, when we check in we ask the reception for a connected rooms &quot;we have booked 2 rooms for us and for the children&quot; but the person in the front desk said we have to pay extra for the connected rooms which was too much.I've been in many five stars hotels none of them have charge me for the connected room!!Another problem was in the bathroom door there was a problem with the door lock and we asked them to repair it but it wasn't actually repaired till the fourth day for our request to repair it.On our last day the flight was postponed and we asked them for an extra night to send the room service did not make up our room despite the fact that we have actually but the sign of cleaning the room on the door and we I asked them why they said we thought you were checking out and they did not want to bother them selves cleaning the room twice! i will not stay there again !!	
Aug 24 2009 	What an amazing experience	I booked the Hyatt Regency London for a wedding anniversary weekend and having e-mailed the hotel prior to our arrival we were upgraded to the club lounge. The room was very spacious with nice modern touches rather than the 'tired' look in some of the other London 5 start hotels. The staff were all very friendly and the refreshments in the club lounge throughout the day were a nice touch! We were also given champaigne, fruits and chocolates for our room which again made it very special! The location was perfect for shopping , restaurants and a romantic walk around hyde park. We didn't have dinner but the breakfast in the Montague had a very good and varied continental spread including the choice of a full english breakfast. Overall my wife and I loved it here and will be looking to book Hyatt hotels when we go abroad if this is anything to go by!I know there were comments made about the middle-eastern travellers but i think that was just a matter of 'timing' more than anything else as they come to London just before Ramadan ... They had left by the time of our stay but i have experienced that before in another 5 star hotel and there is not that much can be done as with any large party staying all at once...!	
Aug 21 2009 	Very pricey for crowded hotel	We were a bit disappointed with our stay at the Churchill. The hotel was very expensive given the current dollar/pound exchange rate. For 335 pounds/night, we received a pretty average room with a smallish bathoom (we did have bathrobes). This hotel seems to cater to visitors from the Middle East. As a woman, I was almost uncomfortable going into hotel common areas without my head covered. Plus, the hotel room TV had almost as many Arabic TV channels as English TV channels. Concierge and staff mostly seemed too busy/disinterested to answer questions. Not what we had hoped for during our stay.	
Aug 19 2009 	Really Enjoyed the Churchill	We stayed here on a quick stopover to the Seychelles and Kenya. The hotel was in a great location, near the subway and good restaurants/shopping. Also, we enjoyed being able to walk over to Hyde Park after dinner. The service was excellent. We stayed on the Club or Executive floor which was nice as we received complimentary drinks, snacks and breakfast. The room was nicely appointed and the shower had excellent water pressure. All in all, a great stay and I'd definitely come back next time I make it to London	
Aug 18 2009 	Nice Hotel Great Location	The Churchill is a first class hotel with nice finishes and impeccable staff. The room was of average size and in good overall condition.Our expectations were met and the hotel delivered in typical Hyatt fashion.We found the location to be fantastic especially if you are interested in shopping. Many of London's landmark department stores are withing walking distance. Marble Arch tube station is within three minutes of the hotel. A bit pricey but we were not surprised to pay for quality in London.	
Aug 16 2009 	A fairly good stay	I spent one night in this hotel. I am a diamond member with Hyatt.This is a decent hotel. The outside looks like a hall of residence/dorm but the inside is nice and clean. The front desk staff is espcially courteous, efficient and kind. I was immediately acknowledged as a dimond member. I was allowed to check-in early (11.30am) in a King room on the second floor. This hotel has very low ceilings: it feels a bit oppressive. However, the rooms are decent. Typical decent London rooms: small but ok.When I returned from a long day of shopping in the evening, I had the suprise of finding a few chocolates, fruits and a small bottle of wine awaiting for me in the room with a nice card from the general manager welcoming me to the hotel.In the morning I had a good breakfast at the Regency Lounge on the 8th floor. The choice is fairly limited but the food is good (the lounge has a particularly low ceiling too).All in all, I had a very decent stay.My favorite hotel in London is the Sofitel St James Park, I confess. There is no place that can beat it. And the Hyatt Churchill certainly does not match the incredible service of the Sofitel.	
Aug 13 2009 	Shame on my travel agent-should never have been sent here	The Hyatt regency Churchill is jokingly known as the Hyatt Dubai by cabdrivers and Londoners. If I was not on a package we would have checked out.Wealthy Saudi Arabians with their nannies and families vacation here for 2-3 months of summer. I was practically the only woman at breakfast without a face covering and we were totally uncomfortable here at all times. The walls are paper thin and babies were crying, men talking in loud voices at all times. The lobby and business area was so filled with these summer residents to the point of us not even being able to meet with friends in the lobby--we had to stand!! The staff is unable to do anything because these guests are there for the summer. This is NOT A BUSINESS HOTEL in the summer--for a five star experience we were miserable.	
Aug 13 2009 	Magnificent Hyatt!	Stayed here for one night in a Club Room. Arrived by taxi - doorman straightaway opened the door of the taxi, helped me out of the taxi and greeted me very warmly. Great start! Went to main reception - absolutely beautiful, lots of marble, chandeliers etc - as I had booked a club room, a member of staff then escorted me to the club floor where I could check in - got room 2 hours early than official check in time - possibly beacuse I am a Hyatt Platinum member? Staff in the club lounge checked me in and advised me that I could have a drink in the lounge (soft drinks complimentary all day) which I did. Excellent service - ;lounge very spacious and immaculate. I then went to the room - wow! Very large, beuatifully furnished, lovely bathroom. Top quality toiletries, bath robe, slippers. Tea and coffee making facilities in room as well as complimentary water. Went to meet my husband and retired back to the room - ordered room service for lunch- quickly delivered and excellent quality. Hotel has a fantastic location, just a couple of mins from Marble Arch but at the same time is a haven away from the hustle and bustle of London. Yes, it is expensive, but it truly is a 5 star hotel - I wouldn't hesitate to stay there again.	
Aug 9 2009 	Ideas Above it's Station	Nice looking bar and good desk staff, but very basic rooms. Staff in hotel bar were amazingly unhelpful and didn't want to serve us at 12.35am beacause they closed at 1am?! Stayed in a lot of hotels round the world but would not come back here again. Sorry!	
Aug 7 2009 	Surprised- Not your average Hyatt	Overall quite impressed with the rooms, some of the nicest rooms in London and spacious. Great cleanliness and wonderful location to everything.	
Aug 4 2009 	It was so nice I'm considering being Married here....	After having booked the Churchill through Lastminute.com and getting a good deal on a luxury 5* myself and my friend were anticipating nothing less than fabulous 5* treatment. On pulling up to the Hotel, we were met with 2 or 3 Concierges who opened our door and offered to take our luggage. They were very friendly and spoke with us about where we were visiting from etc before showing us into the hotel lobby and making a couple of friendly jokes. One of the biggest let downs on our arrival was that our room was not ready (We arrived approx 1 hour before check-in). Luckily Oxford Street was a 2 minute walk, so we decided to go to Marks and Spencers to get some snacks for the room. On arriving back, some (what looked like) Middle-Eastern Royalty had arrived at the hotel to stay and the lobby had a number of watchful security guards keeping their eye. On being shown to our room (and our luggage being taken for us) we were very happy with the twin bedroom and it's contents - though I must mention we were disappointed to find an opened bottle of Wine in the Mini-Bar, which we proceeded to tell the Room Service right away. The gentlemen who came in to organise the removal of the Wine bottle was very, very apologetic. Essentially we couldn't help but forgive the mishap. The bedroom area itself was very lovely, with a view of Portman Square. The beds were very comfortable, the linen was beautiful and some furniture pieces in the room were very nice too. The bathroom was spacious with a bath and a shower over it. I always prefer a stand-alone shower, but I guess the need to please everyone sometimes gets in the way of hotel bathroom designs! The Mini-bar was full of goodies (though they were somewhat expensive). There was plenty of wardrobe and drawer space for our belongings and several hangers were provided. The room also featured Tea &amp; Coffee facilities, a free safe and air conditioning which was very, very simple to use. We were also glad to find free slippers and dressing gowns in our room.The service in the hotel was excellent (despite the 2 mishaps). The concierges were exceptionally helpful and organised a private limo for us (When you ask for a Cab and you get a Limo, you know your in good hands!!!) and also arranged for myself and my friend to be put on the Guest List of a top Nightclub. Essentially, all of the staff were very friendly and thats the personal attention to detail that you can expect at The Churchill.During our stay we were also celebrating my birthday, for which I was given 2 free bottles of Champagne and a tray of chocolates - A lovely surprise! When having drinks in the hotel bar, the barman was very nice. We were greeted with free Olives and nuts which went down a treat and on learning that it was my birthday the Barman told us that the drinks we had were on the house and a live pianist proceeded to sing Happy Birthday to me! It really was very nice indeed. I was then brought a Lemon Tart with a candle in to top it all off!Really, our time at the Churchill was the most extravagnet and indulgent 3 days of my life. The staff were exceptionally friendly and the birthday celebrations were a nice extra touch...as was the private Limo and the bottles of Champagne! The interior of the building is Modern yet Classic and essentially on first seeing makes the modest person go &quot;Wow&quot;. The hotel had all of the major services that one should expect in a 5* hotel and all of the public areas, dining rooms and even toilets were lovely. Infact, it was so nice and made such an impression on me I am considering holding my wedding reception there.	
Aug 2 2009 	Fantastic hotel 	In line with most other reviews here, I'll br brief - this hotel is awesome. Great staff, clean/modern rooms, free internet, all in a great location.	
Jul 28 2009	Great service and very comfortable	Though it does not look much from the outside step through the doors and you are cossetted in luxury and attentive service...with a smile. Only stayed the one night as it was a treat for my sister's 70th birthday year and we had booked for the opera. Had a good deal on Hyatt website and they upgraded us to a garden view room, which we loved. Room was lovely with great beds and spotlessly clean. They even left us a bottle of champagne and gorgeous chocs which had my sister in tears.......of joy! How thoughtful can you get. If this is Hyatt service I look forward to visiting more of the Hyatt chain. Thanks for making my sister's visit ( and mine) a very memorable one.	
Jul 27 2009 	A list treatment	My partner and I stayed here for my birthday this year. We booked it through the secret hotels on lastminute.com, which is always a bit of a risk. However, we liked the location and the description, so we booked. My boyfriend sent the reservations team an e-mail off the back of a tip from another traveller, and when he explained that it was my birthday while we were there, they upgraded us to an executive suite for free. Located a few minutes off Oxford Street (near Marble Arch), we were a little anxious when we saw the outside of The Churchill. It looks a little bit like a concrete shopping centre. However, as soon as we rounded the corner to the entrance, our anxieties disappeared. The reception area is beautiful - all marble, chandeliers and historical statues. The hotel staff were very helpful and friendly, and we were treated like the obviously moneyed guests, despite having one rather tatty Primark holdall! The room itself was minimal, but very comfortable and ours was equipped with the usual hotel stuff - minibar, TV, dressing gowns etc. We drank in the bar after our meal that evening, and I was a little disappointed. Although we had been seated first, two other gentlemen were served their drinks before our order was even taken. Although it must be hard to juggle all customer needs, especially when some are more forceful than others, it was very obvious that we had been missed out as there were only a few groups of drinkers. Still, we ended up taking the rest of our drinks to our room, which was lovely.We had paid for an inclusive breakfast, which was around a tenner each. Although this seems pricey, I have never seen a better buffet! It took us around an hour and a half to finish breakfast, and there were still items we wanted to sample, but our groaning tummies wouldn't let us. The continental portion alone included cakes, cheeses, fruit, cereal, yoghurts and a huge selection of fruit drinks. The fruit was beautifully fresh and the glasses for the juice were a sensible size - at least half a pint!The hot food consisted of the usual - sausage, bacon, mushrooms, fried eggs etc, although I ordered off menu - French toast and poached eggs. They were beautifully cooked, although there was an awkward moment when I had to explain to the bemused waiter that both plates were, in fact, for me. When I whispered to my boyfriend that I would quite like another cup of coffee, a waitress was there with a coffee pot in seconds, which made me think there might be microphones in the flowers! The hotel is very 'international', with the majority of guests being from outside of the UK, as you would expect from a London hotel in peak season. I found the different clothes, languages and accent extremely interesting, especially as a large portion of the staff were international, with impeccable English, of course. If were planning another luxury trip in London, this would be my first port of call, so long as you can ignore what the outside of the building looks like.	
Jul 22 2009 	Disappointing	The hotel is very poorly designed. It is noisy, uncomfortable, and the staff less than attentive. It could and should be so much better.	
Jul 22 2009 	Wonderful Anniversary Treat!	We stayed here recently for our wedding anniversary weekend and couldn't fault the hotel, service or food in any way. It was spotlessly clean, the staff were beyond helpful and the room was just beautiful.I had mentioned when booking that it was our anniversary and on arrival we found chilled champagne and truffles. What a lovely thoughtful surprise. We loved it.We ate in the restaurant for dinner and breakfast and both were outstanding.Next time we visit London this is where we will be staying without a doubt. Excellent!!	
Jul 17 2009 	Luxury at a bargain price!	My new husband and i stayed here for three nights at the end of our honeymoon after spending a week in Italy and 8 days in the Maldives. We thought a few days in a nice hotel in London before going home to Ireland would be a good way to ease us back in to normal life and booked one of lastminute.com's top-secret hotels after doing some research and feeling pretty sure this was the hotel we were getting! We were delighted when we found out it was and that we had gotten it at such a great price!We checked in quite late after arriving at Heathrow from our 10 hour flight from Male, looking tired and a bit rough and althought the check-in staff were lovely we couldn't help feeling a little bit out of place! This hotel is for the seriously rich! Everything is opulent and it was quite clear that the other guests were used to this sort of place! That said, at all times the staff were very pleasant and treated us with courtesy and a very good attitude-i often find that in 5 star hotels they seem to have a bit of an attitude problem but i can't say that in this case. Anyway, the room was very nice and well equipped. Lovely big comfortable bed! The MOST comfortable bed i've ever slept in! TV, kettle with tea and coffee, well-stocked mini-bar, good hair-dryer. The bathroom wasn't huge but it was fine and with plenty of toiletries and towels. There was some noise from inside the hotel-mainly kids running up and down the corridor! But all in all we were very pleased. Because we were exhausted from a few weeks of travelling, on the second night we decided to eat in the hotel restaurant -the Montague- and have an early night. The restaurant is very good, with excellent service, and they did have a reasonably priced set menu although as it was our honeymoon we didn't bother with that! I was hoping to eat in Locanda Locatelli -owned by one of my favourite Italian chef's Georgio Locatelli- which is also in the hotel, but being so tired we didn't even get to look around until the following night when it was too late! I was hoping i might bump into him around the hotel at some point but sadly this was not to be!We also had a drink in the bar on our last night after being at the theatre but it wasn't really for us! A bit stuffy, more for rich American Businessmen and the like, but that's in-keeping with the hotel i guess. It's quite a nice place to chill-out and very comfortable. It is pretty expensive though. The very best thing about this place is it's location! Literally behind Oxford street although set in a quiet area over-looking a small park. Perfect for shopping and seeing all of London, only a few minutes walk from Marble Arch or Bond Street tube stations! And a minute from Park Lane and bus links to all the major airports!Breakfast wasn't included in our rate so i can't comment although this wasn't a problem in London! So many places to eat! We found a great cafe down the street in Mayfair doing proper scrambled eggs, bacon and fried tomatoes that would set anyone up for the day for only £5 or £6 or so.It's a great hotel and i would say worthy of it's high price tag, we felt lucky to have gotten such a good deal. It's not for everyone as it is very luxurious and, dare i say 'upper-class'? But it was a lovely treat to end a great wedding and honeymoon and, if we got the same sort of deal i would definatley stay here again (and hopefully meet Giorgio this time)!	
Jul 15 2009 	International Hotel in international City	I can think of nothing negative to say about The Churchill. Admittedly, we stayed using Hyatt points so the cost was not an issue, but the hotel truly exceeded any expectation we might have had.First, there were no service fees, taxes, or other charges tacked onto the Gold Passport point deductions. No certificates to present and no desk clerk to try to convince. This is quite different from other experiences we've had with other chains in London when redeeming their loyalty points. Kudos to Hyatt.Second, perhaps because I am a Platinum level, but the Churchill had upgraded us to the Regency Club floor. I have not priced the differential to use the Club floor using regular bookings but Regency Club truly is a small hotel within the hotel. Check In and Check Out are on the Club Floor, away from the bustle of the (somewhat smallish) main lobby. And the service in the Club itself was amazing. Wonderful breakfast buffet with linens on the tables. Solicitous staffing with beverages and fruit available throughout the day. And a leisurely appetizer and beverage (including champagne) buffet in the evening -- the bowls of olives and nuts on the tables were a great touch. And, of course, the live flower bouquets on every table are always set a marvelous tone.Then there's the service staff. A maid stood waiting on each wing to keep track of which rooms were unoccupied and immediately make them up during your absence. Turn down service at night included fresh water bottles (both still and sparkling -- I'm sure you could have asked for your preference) although in typical European fashion, it didn't seem to occur to them that some ice would have nice as well (although, again, I'm certain you could just ask.)There is a theatre booking desk right in the main floor lobby and the staff was very accommodating, finding us a great dinner package and going out of their way to be sure we understood all dimensions of the arrangements (I know we're grandparents but I presume they would be that nice to everyone, not just those they suspect may be a dotty.)In our opinion, if you really are looking for a conveniently located 5 star hotel with outstanding service, The Churchill probably will meet your expectations. If, however, you are looking for a charming (architecturally or culturally) English inn, this probably isn't your best choice. It is truly an international class hotel with an international clientele located right off the world class international shopping district of Oxford Street and environs.We should also comment that we were staying in London during a dreadful heat wave but the climate control in The Churchill, including our room was outstanding. From experience we can say that not every hotel in London can make the same claim.One regret. After returning home some friends were envious that we had actually stayed at The Churchill and asked us how we enjoyed high tea in the dining room. According to our friends, afternoon tea at the Churchill is the best in London. Unfortunately we had taken a pass on the heavily advertised tea. Guess we'll just have to save that for our next visit.	
Jul 12 2009 	Nice hotel but £300 a night??	We stayed 1 night, 11th July. My friend had a free night through the Gold Passport Scheme. Check in was swift and friendly and because we asked for a quite room (my friend was running a 10k race the next day), the receptionist moved us to a quieter room and showed us where it was on a plan. \She warned that the view wasn't up to much, but we didn't care. The room was bright and airy, with lots of channels on the large flat screen tv. The beds were very comfortable, but the duvets meant it was very warm when we slept, even with the air con on. The mugs were replaced and the coffee tray replenished when we went out for the evening. Two bottles of Hilden water 1 flat, 1 sparkling were placed by the beds. When we came in, we had a drink in the bar, it cost £20 for a G&amp;T and Baileys on the rocks! We ordered a continental breakfast (at £22), which was enormous and we (well I) didn't finish. The door on the shower didn't fit properly and I managed to get lots of water on the floor of the bathroom, when I showered. The shower wasn't easy to get the temperature right, but was powerful. There didn't appear to be an extractor fan and consequently to bathroom got very warm indeed. We ate in the restaurant for their Sunday lunch special, which was nice, and we were also able to get a late checkout. This is a nice hotel in a fabulous location (2 minutes from Selfridges), but, boy am I glad, we didn't have to pay the rack rate or anything like it!	
Jun 30 2009 	Great place to stay in London	After a long few weeks traveling through Europe this was a wonderful place to stay before heading home. The room was clean and the bed was really comfortable. The staff was friendly, and the concierge was beyond helpful in dealing with a shipping question. The only thing I would recommend is either ordering breakfast up to your room or being prepared to be patient and often overlooked during breakfast as the staff seemed completely overwhelmed. We ended up being totally ignored after being seated one morning, watching other people who just took over a dirty table get served while we couldn't catch anyone's eye or attention. We ended up just walking out. But if you do get served the food is quite good, and you might do better just doing the buffet.	
Jun 27 2009 	Good hotel good service	one of the better hotels we stayed in london. rooms are spacious, food is good n service is excellent. Best value for money.	
Jun 26 2009 	There are much better hotels at half the price	I was so looking forward to staying here from reviews on this site. All I can say is that it was a let down. Service was mediocre, room was small - AirCon did not work ( no one was sent to fix it despite my complaint), sink in bathroom would not drain.At the price and 5 Star acclaim, I expected it to be faultless.On a plus side, the Churchill bar is fab, we were given complimentary Champagne in the room for our celebration, breakfast was good too.Would I stay here again, probably not. I have stayed at Novotel's for £49 a night that were faultless, so at £200 a night to have basic faults like these is wholly unacceptable.	
Jun 25 2009 	This hotel truly deserves the 5 star rating.	A lot of hotels claim to be 4 or 5 star when they are at best, one rung below. The Churchill deserves every aspect of the rating. The location is superb, right off Oxford Street and a stone's throw from the Marble Arch Underground (Tube) station. Knightsbridge is a very pleasant walk through the park away. Paddington rail station and its links to Heathrow Airport are within walking distance, or a cheap (for London) cab ride. And speaking of cabs, they line up outside the hotel just waiting for you.The building and common areas are magnificent, the rooms (even the &quot;cheapest&quot;) are very well outfitted and fairly large by London standards. The only complaint (and a very minor one) would be that the bath/shower only has a half-door, no curtain, so if you want a shower you either have to squash up to the front, or get water on the floor. Plenty of choice on the TV. The restaurant is very good and not too overpriced.By far the best thing about the hotel is the service, which was exceptional, even for a luxury hotel. The doorman, the front desk staff (especially an extremely eager and helpful chap whose name escapes me), the duty manager, the restaurant/room service servers, even the housekeepers were not only helpful, but went out of their way to suggest ways that they could help more. For example, one night there were noisy children running and playing along the hallway outside our room, for over an hour around midnight. As usual, their probably obscenely wealthy parent accompanying them didn't care. The hotel staff cared, even though many hotels would have said it wasn't their problem, they couldn't do anything about it, or any other excuse. The desk clerk was sympathetic and immediately called the duty manager over. The manager took the issue seriously, said he would have security do a quick walk around the next night to ensure it was quiet, contacted the parents and sent us a bottle of complimentary champagne. Again, most hotels would treat it as a trivial complaint, but The Churchill realised that people who pay good money expect a good experience - whether or not it's &quot;their fault&quot;.The other minor irritant was that, similar to many hotels in London, both Internet use and phone calls were expensive. Personally, I don't think a luxury hotel needs to &quot;nickel and dime&quot; that way. Well, more like £15 for the Internet and £1/minute for the phone. However, if you can get a good price for a room or you just have bags of cash, the rest of the hotel more than makes up for it, easily. If you can afford to spend the money, you won't regret a stay at The Churchill. In my mind, worthy of the name and all 5 stars.	
Jun 21 2009 	Exellent hotel	Exellent hotel ....warm welcoming hotel...Fabulous food (compliments to the chef) served to perfection by freindly efficient staff.The hotel rooms are spacious clean and tastefully decorated The beds are the most comfortable I have ever slept on and the pillows .......5 Star make it 6 ..Quiet .relaxed. your every whim catered for .We will return...In conclusion may I say the multiculteral bilinqual hotel staff are the most attractive and charming persons I have ever met ....	
Jun 20 2009 	Luxury for some	I stayed here for a sightseeing trip with my cuisin. I know London very well and it was her first time. Wanted to show her the perfect London experience.When you first arrive to the Churchill it is very impresive, lots of luxury in the lobby and the restaurant is well known. But as soon as they realise when you are checking in that you are a mere mortal on a budget (we had booked this as a secret hotel on lastminute and gottena great deal) and not a rich sheik the service goes down. Left me waiting and overall not that friendly. I applaud that the staff speak a ton of different languages as this is a very international hotel but they just can't seem to get the english perfect or even good enough for me to understand them.We were staying in a simple doubble room with twin beds wich was so small on turn and you were laying on the ground, teeny beds. Room was clean and I would have expected it to be as I saw the cleaning staff at all hours of the day every single day, no matter what time I went out the cleaning carts where stationed in the corridor.Bathroom was nothing special, clean, but just very very avarage nothing to wow me. Was a bit groosed out by the rubber mat they had in the tub, yuck.Will not be staying here again as London has so many hotels to choose from so don't even bother with this one if your not ultra rich and can upgraid yourself to a deluxe super suite.	
Jun 16 2009 	Excellent hotel no complaints no surprises	We stayed one night in the Churchill, which I've passed many times when I lived in London. It's just off Oxford Street and is handy for everything. The hotel has never looked like much from the outside, but it's suprising luxurious inside. The front desk staff and concierge are super-friendly, the rooms spacious and every need supplied. We even had a supply of complimentary fruit and a welcome card left in the room.I couldn't fault the hotel, although I didn't have breakfast so can't say whether that is as exemplary as the rest of the experience.	
Jun 14 2009 	Perfect hotel for stop-over in central London	Stayed at Hyatt Churchill for 2 day stop over in London before jetting off on honeymoon. Hotel excudes class for the second you pull up outside. We we're rushing to see a West End show, and the check-in staff took care of everything whilst we dropped the bags and ran. When we returned later that night the room....and more importantly bed was excellent. It allowed us to drift off to the most amazing sleep ever !!!Breakfast was excellent. Eggs Benedict is to die for...so good I had it 2 days running !!! Great selection of fresh fruit, juices etc. Freshly squeezed orange juice would wake anyone up it was so good !!!!!!Perfect location too - 2 minute walk away from Oxford Street - Perfect for shopping to you drop...and then nipping home in the blink of an eye. I'd recommend this hotel, especially with one of the deals they're currently offering....keep your eyes peeled....its worth looking!!!Treat yourself in London.....go ahead book the Hyatt Churchill !!!!!!	
Jun 10 2009 	Great staff relaxed atmosphere excellent location	Staff were super friendly and couldn't do enough to help you. Room was very clean and comfortable, slightly larger room than your standard king. The restaurant was also great, really good food and service. Location is excellent for shopping (just off Oxford Street) and sight seeing, 2 mins to the Marble Arch tube station. Really enjoyed our stay, would stay again!	
May 27 2009 	Excellent Hotel - Recommended	The Good:we stayed for 7 days, we got an excellent deal through lastminute.com ( 875£ for 7 days).we got a room facing the Portman Sq. ( very nice view). we even received a ( happy anniversary) chocolate in our room the first day, the room is sound proof, we did not hear the heavy traffic on Portman road . the location is excellent, it is a 3 minutes walking distance form Oxford St. overall it is en excellent hotel and we will stay there when we come again.The Bad:There is high speed internet connection at the room but it is expensive ( 5£ for one hour or 20£ for 24 hours) we asked them if there is any way we can get a one week access but they say they don't have. the second bad thing is that one time we lost our coins at the room, we use to leave our coins ( less than 1£) at the room, but one time we came and found them all gone.	
May 22 2009 	We had just a fantastic time at the Hyatt Regency-Churchill	We have just returned from a three-day family trip to London, we stayed at the fantastic Hyatt Regency-Churchill. The hotel from start to finish was excellent, the service was 5*. The hotel is in a very safe, friendly and central location for doing everything that we wanted to do (and also for getting to any from any airport in London). We would highly recommend this hotel and will be returning in the summer again.	
May 20 2009 	Fantastic hotel won't bother trying other hotels ever again!	Loved this hotel! Service is just impeccable; from the doormen to the waiting staff, the service was just fantastic, and it makes such a difference.The rooms were great, well decorated, calm, spotless; the best part was the soundproofing windows, you couldn't hear a sound from outside despite being in London. We had a room overlooking Portman Square, which was beautiful. And the breakfast..I would go again simply for the breakfast. It was truly a feast; cereals, bread, meats/cheese, fresh (really fresh) fruit, breads..oh, the breads.... definitely try the little vanilla pastry! There's also a lovely selection of hot food, and if you don't see anything you like, they'll cook up whatever you do fancy! We also had lunch there, in The Montagu. Again, the food was fantastic. They have an offer for Sunday lunches, 2 courses for £19.50, or 3 for £24.50 - definitely try the Sticky Toffee Pudding..the nicest I have ever had. Ever.The location of the Hotel is great also; we wandered off down Oxford St, onto Regent St, walked all the way through Picadilly and Leicester Square, ending up in Covent Garden. Of course, if you're in London to shop, the shops of Oxford St are literally five mins walk from the door.Next time I'm in London, I'm going straight for the Churchill, it is worth every penny, and won't even look for anywhere else!	
May 17 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	Great Hotel, just a bit pricey! Not a lot to do around the hotel except shop	
May 11 2009	One fab Hotel	One of my favourite places to stay in London is The Churchill Hotel and I think you will probably want to know why. After all there are many hotels, big and small, good and bad and mediocre in the environs of that major city. Probably the first reason is the Quality of the staff that to me denotes caring and respect and service. A quality that is getting rarer and rarer these days being replaced with disregard and rudeness. Not so at The Churchill where caring service is a key action in their work.The second reason would be the Quality of the actual hotel, the luxurious furnishings, the bed linens, the flower displays, the furniture, the list goes on and on. And behind the scenes, the smooth almost silent quality of a hotel being efficiently run by knowledgeable people.Cuisine at the Montagu Restaurant is a delightful experience, be it breakfast, lunch or dinner. In the masterful hands of the Executive Chef, Ben Purton, together with his young and most excellent sous chef, and kitchen brigade, each dish is well-designed and based on fresh local produce, fish and meat of which there is an abundant supply. The distinct cooking style can be observed in the skilful preparation of sauces, soups and other menu items whilst the wine menu encompasses many fine choices from Italy and France.The menu at the this very comfortable restaurant which has, by the way, become a mecca for many of the local residents, changes seasonally and offers many choices. Starters include Parsnip and Cumin Soup with Bramley Apple, Oak Smoked Scottish Salmon with homemade Blinis and cream cheese or pressed Suffolk Ham Hock and Leek Terrine with Plum and Apple chutney - quite yummy! Definitely a must for locals and tourists alike is the deep-fried Cod and Chips with Tartar Sauce and always a treat is Roast Rump of Salt Marsh Lamb with honey glazed Turnips and Potato puree, or the Dover Sole Meuniere or Grilled. There are so many choices, you will have to return again and again. Lots of varied cocktails are offered and I won't go into the sweets/desserts - surprise yourself when you go! The 2-course lunch menu runs for £18.50 with the 3-course for £22.50 plus a half-bottle of wine per head. The 2-course Dinner set menu will set you back £19.50, the 3-course is £24.50 Locatelli's is the well known Italian restaurant also situate at the Churchill. This famous London chef is quite a character as I found out when I took a stroll down the alley at the side of the hotel and started chatting away with him. Being a lover of good Italian food, it was a most enjoyable chat and I hope on my return to have him impress me with his fabulous cucina. So beat your way by plane, by car or even by that magical yellow submarine to the Churchill Hyatt Regency, you will be well pleased!Edit Remove	
Apr 21 2009 	Fantastic stay at a first class hotel	I booked this hotel via lastminute.com for £119 for one night's stay in April, for my boyfriend and I to celebrate our 3 year anniversary in the city. Glad we did, as we had a fantastic stay.We were happy with the choice, as the Hyatt is located just 5 minutes away from Marble Arch underground station and Oxford street, so it's a great location for shopping, dining and a bit of sightseeing; at the same time, located out of the way of the hustle and bustle, making it quiet and peaceful.The day before check-in, I emailed the hotel to confirm the booking and mentioned that it was a special occasion and would appreciate any hospitality they could offer. I received an email back from Andi Frey - The Reservations Agent, to confirm the booking and to advise that they would make sure our stay was 'perfect'. When we arrived we were greeted by friendly porters and reception staff who congratulated us on our anniversary and upgraded our standard double room to a double room with a view. Our room - room 261 on the 6th floor - was very airy and spacious with a king sized bed (probably the most comfortable bed I've ever slept on!), working desk, mini bar and views over Upper Berkeley Street. The bathroom was fairly small, but spotless with all the usual toiletries/amenities hotels offer (bathrobe, shampoo, slippers, free morning newspaper etc). The mini bar and room service menu was expensive, (£3 for a 300ml bottle of coca cola and £1.50 for a box of smints!) but you come to expect that.We ordered room service and were pleasantly surprised when our order came with a complimentary bottle of champagne and a plate of petit fours with 'Happy Anniversary' written around the rim in icing! A really lovely gesture that was greatly appreciated and made our stay all the more special.We went out for a meal in the evening and breakfast was not included in our room rate, so unfortunately cannot comment on their restaurant (The Montagu) or their Lounge bar (The Churchill Bar) although both did look very impressive when we walked passed on check-out. Check-out the next day was the same as check-in: quick, efficient and friendly.Overall a fantastic stay in a plush and elegant hotel. Would definitely recommend to anyone celebrating a special occasion or just staying for a city break.	
Apr 20 2009 	A most happy experience	Stayed one night DB&amp;B having played a bit of counter-espionage !!Consequently, the cost was [for London] tolerable and certainly not too outrageous for the comfort involved and the elegant location.Highlights were the sheer style and ambience of the place, especially the huge lobby / dining area and the [separate, clubby] bar and the great location.Rooms not vast but very stylish with exceedingly comfortable beds and bedding and big flatscreen tv with lots of channels [including Arab sheikdom TV stations which identifies probably the hotel's main income-generators]. Very international electrical arrangements too, with 110v US sockets as well as European as well as standard and round pin UK.Dinner in the Montagu restaurant was fairly limited set menu but of high quality from the open kitchen's brigade of many chefs.Drinks in the separate and very stylish Churchill Bar very expensive but worth the experience. Shame about the singing pianist though !Breakfast fine, but essentially the standard big buffet and perhaps could be upgraded a bit - the Waldorf does it better, for example.All in all, a most pleasurable stay in a very elegant and cosmopolitan area, where state of the art Ferraris are casuallly parked unattended by the roadside.Buses and tubes to most London areas are readily available on Oxford Street a few minutes walk [and a different world] away.Nearby Wallace Collection in Manchester Square is quite simply wondrous and stunning as well as free !	
Apr 16 2009 	Highly recommend this hotel	We stayed here for three nights and really enjoyed it. It is very hard to find fault with this hotel, the staff are friendly, the location is wonderful and the beds are very comfortable. The service at breakfast was a little disorganised and it is a little expensive but I would stay here again and I say that about very few places. It is very relaxing to come back here in the evening - London is very tiring so its nice to have a place to unwind.	
Apr 10 2009 	Lovely hotel that we wouldn't normally be able to afford.	We recently stayed 3 nights after bagging a Top Secret Hotel deal on lastminute.com - but they had given away enough information for me to know exactly where it was so we paid £120 a night for a wonderful room on a room only basis. The room was very spacious with a large desk if you need to work and a very comfortable chair for lounging purposes. The bed also was very large, very comfortable and we slept wonderfully well which is one of the main reasons for trying to get a 5 * hotel at a decent price - the beds are always better. The bathroom was great, both bath and shower and toiletries provided were top notch and we also had robes and slippers. Our mini bar didn't have a jiggly system (jiggle it and it is yours!) going on and we were able to keep our water in there. Which is lucky as the prices were very steep. £8 for a mini bottle of gin - without the tonic. And amazingly - it looked like they added 12.5 % service on top of this price. What? We didn't use the facilities much but the check in staff were lovely, the chambermaids all said good morning, and the restaurant/lounge area was always packed out. we could see that The Montague had a decent lunch time menu on - 2 courses plus a glass of wine for £18 but we were never in this area at lunchtime. The bar is also busy and pretty lively but again very expensive. They add 12.5 % on drinks here too and 2 halves of lager cost us £8. We saw one young American man in a state of shock after standing a round of drinks for his group. A couple of them had ordered brandies and we could see that they hadn't come cheap. lol. You are only 5 minutes walk from Oxford st and The Marble Arch tube and Marylebone highstreet is only 10 minutes away. The Wallace collection is just over the square, a block past the park and it is wonderful. I urge you all to go here - the atmosphere is fantastic, the exhibits great and the restaurant/cafe looked good too. It is free - so you have no excuses. Well not the restaurant - obviously. Probably the best all round hotel I have stayed in in London - if I could get the deal I would definitely go back.	
Mar 25 2009 	Even at the price... worth it	I stayed five nights this month at the Hyatt Regency Churchill. While somewhat unimaginative '50's square brick design, the Churchill offered quite a comfortable relaxing stay. The room was kept clean and fresh by the efficient invisible housekeeping staff. The front desk, doorman, and concierge staff where helpful and knowledgible. All guests are treated with respect and courtesy, even the high dollar ahh... &quot;professional lady&quot; (very obvious) that checked in ahead of me (no luggage ;-) ).The hotel is in the high dollar Marble Arch area with a lot of good restaurants and a fabulous lebanese grocery store (Green Valley?) just a couple blocks down the street. There is good access to the Marble Arch tube station a couple blocks away. And naturally, it is just off one of the main shopping streets in London as well as one of the nicest park areas.I wish I could speak about the fitness area, but I was a total slob that week.My room was on the 5th floor and looked out the back side of the hotel. It was very quiet and comfortable. The ~40 inch flat screen tv had the usual limited channels you see in London hotels... half in english. There was plenty of work space in the room and internet access is available via wired or wireless access. I usually never sleep well after a long flight to a new hotel room, but not so in this case... the bed was very nice and helped significantly in the 6 hour time transition.It is sad that the Hyatt has moved to the modern &quot;jiggle something in the minibar and you've bought it&quot; system. It really inhibits guest use of that space, and with such a good nearby grocery, it is a shame at this location.I would stay here again for business, but I would book early to get the cheapest rate. It is hard to justify the value of this location when there are very good hotels in London at much less per night. You pay for the area here, not just the room, and yes, it is worth it. I hope to stay there again soon.	
Mar 2 2009 	Great location - luxuriously appointed	Stayed on the fourth floor in a king sized room, the room was quite large, modern and elegantly decorated. The bed was extremely comfortable and I had a great nights sleep and even though we were by the lift we couldn't hear anything. The air conditioning in the room was easy to use and effective (had a few bad experiences getting the temperature right in other hotels).The staff were all very professional and friendly, the food beautifully cooked and the entire hotel from reception to hallways were all emaculate and thoughtfully designed. Well deserved 5 star hotel and will look for Hyatt brand in future wherever we go.	
Feb 16 2009 	Luxury hotel in great location	Stayed here for 1 night for a weekend in London. The hotel is less than a 10 minute walk to Oxford Street and near to Marble Arch and so the location for shopping/sight seeing is excellent.The hotel was refitted last year and so is in excellent condition, the communal areas of the hotel are luxuriously appointed and a great blend of modern and traditional.The check-in and check out was swift and all staff that we encountered were polite and well trained. Particularly the door men.We stayed in a king room (on the 4th floor) the room was a good size, well decorated and very clean. The bed was huge (bigger than a king!)and extremely comfortable, with a memory foam mattress and luxurious bedding.The hotel was everything that we expected of a 5* London hotel bearing the Hyatt brand and we were not disappointed at all. Afterall, anything that is good enough for a President (Barak Obama stayed here late last year during his trip to the UK) is good enough for me!	
Feb 15 2009 	Great location	Stayed here for just one night in a seventh floor room overlooking Portman Square. The room was on the small side, especially the bathroom, but was very clean and nicely decorated. We ate in the Churchill Bar, which was good, if a bit pricey, with a very traditional &quot;clubby&quot; feel. The location, just at the back of Oxford Street is excellent. We used the car park, which again is expensive at £30, but it seemed secure. The gym on the second floor is small; however, it is well equipped.	
Jan 30 2009 	A genuine 21st century international hotel	This was my second stay at The Churchill in the last 12 months and the experience just gets better. No 'faded glory' here, the hotel is smart, state of the art, thoroughly comtemporary. The rooms are beautifully furnished, the beds are great with top quality bedding and the heating/air conditioning works well. I would reccomend The Churchill for a business stopover or a longer, leisure trip, transport links to all parts of London are fine and there are great restaurants/pubs to be discovered in nearby Marylebone.The staff deserve a special mention, they cannot do enough to help.	
Jan 19 2009 	Beautiful hotel 	I just got back from a 5-night stay at The Churchill. It was a wonderful experience, and I will probably never stay at any other hotel in London. From the moment the elegantly-clad doorman opens your taxi door on arrival until he puts you in a taxi at the end, you are treated with great kindness, respect, and personalized service. You would maybe expect this at a 5-star hotel, but in my experience, you don't always get anything close. I stayed on the Regency Club floor in a corner room facing the rear of the hotel. It was very quiet and I'd recommend you request a corner if you enjoy peace and quiet. The hotel is on quiet Portman Square, a short walk to the shopping on Oxford Street and to the Marble Arch tube station at the corner of Hyde Park, so it's very easy to navigate anywhere you want to go in London. It's less than 10 minutes by taxi (and less than 10 GBP) from the Heathrow Express at Paddington Station. Excellent location. All staff is pleasant and eager to serve. I loved the Regency Club--breakfast every morning of lovely items like fresh croissants &amp; other pastries, cold meats, cereals, fresh fruit, tea, coffee, juice, etc., all in a classy serene setting appointed with fine china, linen, etc. Evening cocktail hour is equally impressive, with wines, champagne, cocktail makings, meats, a cheese/fruit board, etc. And they have fabulous coffee! The room was perhaps a bit small by American standards, but beautifully decorated with marble bath, TV, and the most comfortable bed and pillows of any hotel I've ever stayed in. Yes, it's pricey, but for even a once-in-a-lifetime experience, you can't beat the Chuchill for a restful, pampering stay, a lovely respite from frantic tourism. I absolutely loved it!	
Jan 11 2009	It's A Pretty Getaway	I ended up here on the last three days of my European adventure. I wanted a little luxury to round out the trip. My room was really a lot smaller than I expected. It was quiet and clean, but not the best service. I felt as though the staff were a bit snotty. My bed was comfy but not as new as I would have expected from a fancy-schmantz-y place like the Hyatt. The location was good, near the tube and there was a lot within walking distance. I really didn't spend much time in the room, but is had all that you'd expect, nice TV channels, and well lit bath. In general, a nice end to my journey.	
Jan 8 2009 	Winston would have liked it...	We managed to get tremendous deal at the five star Churchill by booking one of those &quot;secret&quot; hotel deals on Lastminute.com. Absolutely delighted to find an excellent , spacious and well appointed room . Unusually air conditionong worked a treat!!Hotel is well designed with an atmospheric foyer serving afternoon teas etc. In house restaurant was fine for the included breakfast with speedy service and good food. We also used it for a pretheatre meal which again was quite acceptable .Gym looked good but no time ti try it out!!The hotel is handily placed for Oxford Street and not that far from theatreland. Opposite is an unusual but excellent restaurant called Tapestry. Wasn't overfull with diners on a preXmas Saturday night which does not bode well but it pleased us.Having stayed at most of the five star establishments in London I have to say that we came away impressed. The deal obviously had lots to do with our warm feeling but overall a good hotel.	
Nov 14 2008 	Great Hotel Great location	I stayed at this property last July when a buddy of mine and I went to London for three days to enjoy the city.We arrived early in the morning before our room was completely ready. I was staying on the concierge level so we had coffee and complimentary breakfast in the lounge. The hotel wasnt booked full so we were able to get into the room by around 10:00am. Quite a spacious room for London. I was sharing with my friend so I booked a corner suite with 2 beds. The hotel is recently renovated and so the room was excellent. There was a living room upon entrance with a couch and two chairs as well as a spacious corner desk. Also a nice little bar area against the wall and a flat panel TV. Quite a large space actually.There was also a two piece bathroom off of the living room. The bedroom was small and had two single beds and a flat panel TV mounted from the ceiling.The main bathroom was very large and had a seperate shower, bathtub, and the normal items. It was spacious and very modern and elegant. The staff were very good but as we were two guys roaming around London, we didnt spend much time in the hotel. I would reccomend the concierge level thought as it has a great breakfast room in the morning and nice little appetizers in the evening. The room service was very good and the fish and chips were awesome. I think I paid about $1100.00 Cdn per night. Londons not cheap but this was a very large room and the hotel is in a great location. Very close to Hyde Park.	
Nov 10 2008 	Luxury Service 	I loved this hotel. I stayed in 3 different hotels in London over 10 nights. The Hyatt Churchill was the best. I caught a red eye from Boston and needed to get some sleep. The Hyatt let us check in at 8:00 am! The lobby and the restaurant were very luxurious and posh with a fireplace. The Bed was fantastic, perfect for the weary traveler. Everyone at the Hyatt bent over backward to accomodate our needs. I was on the 6th floor facing the street and we could here the city noise slightly. I would recommend asking for a back room for quiet which is typical in this city for any hotel.There is a private park (like in the Notting Hill movie) accross the hotel. The location is great for walking to shopping and dining. The underground is close by and there are always taxis out front.I would love to stay here again.	
Oct 14 2008 	Clean comfortable and good location	The hotel was clean and accomodating, nothing over the ordinary. The Lobby was not impressive. The restaurant in the hotel was so so. The food was not great. Great location near marble arch and close walking distance to shopping. Being an American tourist I was a bit shocked that the hotel was swamped with extreamly religious Muslims in full dressings, not that I am against these people but I was slightly uncomfortable as a woman to walk around showing any skin. I wouldn't book my next stay at the Hyatt but it was a great vacation.	
Sep 22 2008	Keep Going Back!	I have now stayed at this hotel on a number of occasions. The service is extremely good and rooms are much better than average for central London. Perfect for business and pleasure (Oxford Street is 2 minutes away). Make sure you treat yourself to a meal at Locanda Locatelli in the hotel foyer - a real treat - fantastic!	
Sep 9 2008 	Average stay	I stayed here 1st &amp; 2nd September. The rooms have recently been refurbished but my room was very small.The service was dreadful and not very attentive.There were constant problems with the lifts, and on a couple of occassions we were lead to the service lifts.Breakfast was average. Warm food had run out when I went down for 8 am and had not been refilled. Overall a poor experience and poor value for money.	
Sep 4 2008 	An ok hotel for London - but not at the normal Hyhatt standard	I stayed with the Hyatt only one night from 1st-2nd sep 2008.It is a typical London, naming itself 5 star hotel. Its well located, quite big and relativly calm. My experiance with the staff was a good one, everybody at the reception was kind and helpfull. I hosted a group of 20 persons and the hotel provided us a separate room to handle the check in procedure the smartest way they can. To avoid a 6 GBP fee for using the internet only to check in for the next day the concierge printed out my boarding pass- good! The rooms are ok, at the breakfast - which is taking place in a huge room- we waited far too long for even for a coffee as well as for butter, baked beans and others commodities. All in all I would go there again knowing that you should never ecpect too much from a London hotel in general and that they will never reach a true 5 star standard.(nor did the Ritz or the Savoy)	
Aug 29 2008 	Would like to love it but service to random ...	The hotel is newly renovated with comfortable with all conveniences. Well situated close to Hyde Park and West End while still most often offering a reasonable value for being in a London Hotel. So I would like to like it a lot and make it my hotel of choice in London ...However and unfortunately, the service and especially the front desk staff is just too poor and uninterested in you as a guest. Do not be surprised to wait for the three staff members in the front desk to finish their internal admin for 5-10 min while you as a guest have to wait to check in. They will also pick up the phone and engage with the guest online while you have to wait, clearly less of a priority. Last time I stayed all the elevators broke down, which can happen anywhere but it was too much Faulty Towers for my taste having the manager scream to the repair men in front of several guests in the lobby ...	
Aug 29 2008 	Terrible For Families	We tried to book a SUITE at the Hyatt for a family of four, two adults and two young children aged 4 and 2 - the receptionist adivsed us it was a UK legal policy not to allow more than 3 persons to a room.Was quite surprised as able to book other hotel ROOMs which seemed to accomodate four of us.Instead we had to take two connecting rooms which was not exactly suitable as we would still end up using one room as both our young kids were definitely not going to sleep in a separate room especially in strange surroundings. However we thought we would still give it a go as we were familiar with that part of town having lived there before. We did write a letter to management explaining our circumstances and querying the legal point - and if we could have the suite instead - not even a courtesy of a reply was afforded to us even after following the first non-reply with a telephone call to the concierge!But sadly we decided to proceed with the our booking thinking we would try to make the best of things as we chose the hotel for its location.We arrived after a long trip, to be dealt with by a dour looking receptionist - the only saving grace was the wonderful doorman (who seemed to have a 101 duties) and the porter who brought our luggage up.Lifts were not working, and the place seemed to be in shambles generally - with a market like atmosphere when we first arrived in the evening.We had two rooms, but it seemed only one seemed cleaned as we found an empty shoe box under the bed and dust everywhere.It was also the first time I contemplated rushing out to buy our own towels as some of them were almost BLACK. Only saving grace was the breakfast which seemed to offer quite a variety of foods but not cheap as £25 per head. They even wanted to charge the children, aged 2 and 4 for breakfast depending on whom you spoke to - from full price to free. To cut a long story short, we checked out after two nights to the delightful 'Langham Hotel' off Oxford Circus which actually offered a far superior location than the Hyatt than I had originally imagined with superb restaurants and coffee shops on its doorstep.To think we had hesitated booking that in the first place because it was having works undertaken - we did not even notice the works whilst there!	
Aug 19 2008	Where's the local Beer?	This hotel has a great location. It's a 5 Pound cab ride from Paddington station so access to Heathrow via the Heathrow Express is very convenient. It's 2 blocks from Oxford Street and the area contained numerous dining options. Plenty of things to see within walking distance of the hotel.My room was on the Club level (8th Floor). It was average size but clean. The bed was very comfortable and the shampoo, soap, etc. were all above average.The Concierge was outstanding and very helpful.During my stay, one of the elevators was out of service which turned out to be a bit of a nuisance as all hotel guests scrambled to use the single working elevator. The hotel staff should've pointed out the nearest stairwell. My only real gripe with this hotel is the lack of British beer or ale in either the hotel bar or Regency Club lounge. It would've been nice to have at least one local option. I can easily get Budweiser at home.Overall a decent hotel in a great location.	
Aug 17 2008 	A most impressive hotel in central London	We stayed one night on Hyatt points, and were impressed (after a slow check-in) to be upgraded to a large suite overlooking Portman Place. The hotel staff are very well trained, and the hotel itself is spotless and beautifully appointed. Our room service arrived quickly and was very nicely served. Breakfast in the club lounge was pleasant - although more choice could be included. The location (a couple of blocks from Oxford Street, but in a quiet square) is marvellous. We would highly recommend this place, if you can get a good rate (or use Hyatt points!).	
Aug 16 2008 	MANY issues!	Stayed here for what was to be the &quot;perfect vacation&quot; only to have it RUINED by the horrible management at this hotel. I reserved (5 months in advance) a suite, and a second regular room. I confirmed these arrangements as we had family traveling with us, and would like to entertain in the evenings in our suite, which was reserved and confirmed! The suite was listed as &quot;53 sq meters&quot; on the website. Other offered ammenities were free fruit and mineral water. This room we felt would fit our needs. Upon our arrival at the hotel, we were SHOCKED to hear from the desk agent that &quot;we are giving you a FREE upgrade to two connecting rooms!&quot; This was totally unacceptable to us, but we were informed that no other rooms were available, and this is what we must be happy with. Rooms given were tiny, and stated as 18 square meteres each. This was a total of only 66% of the size reserved and PAID FOR!! Also, no area to entertain was available. Management did not want to respond that evening (Saturday checkin) but wanted to wait until Monday to respond. Check out was Tuesday. We were told to take the sub-par rooms or leave (and still be billed, as it was past cancellation time). Never were we given an option to be booked into another close hotel-many Marriotts/Hiltons and even another Hyatt property were close. The stay from checkin got worse. Both locks on the doors did not work. The staff was very unattentative (with the exception of the Regency Club staff). The interior of the rooms overall was not indicative of hotel commanding a premium price. I have stayed in many London hotels for the same or less money, and have had much nicer accomodations.Upper management did meet me late in the evening on Monday and explained that the hotel allows guests to have very flexible stays, and someone wanted to extend their stay, so that is why we did not have a room available for us, even though we were confirmed into the Suite.My advise is to pick one of the many other GREAT options in London, and beware of the many issues at this hotel and with the staff-including upper management.	
Aug 11 2008 	Great location overall nice hotel but..	Overall, the Hyatt Churchill is a nice hotel. It is in a fantastic location. If you exit the front doors and go left and back, you head toward Marble Arch/Hyde Park and the Tube stop there. If you go right and back, you head towards a more centralized Tube stop on Oxford Street. But, either way, the tube is, flat out, the best and only way to travel quickly, efficiently, economically and safely in London. (TIP: if you are going to be there for more than 2 days and use the Tube, get an Oyster card). The police station is right across the street, so that adds some safety and general wellbeing to the place. It is within a 5-10 min walk to pubs, restaurants of all variety, souvenir shops, internet cafes, Selfridge's Department Store, pharmacies, grocery stores, Marks &amp; Spencer outlets, and about anything you would want to do. It is just an excellent location. As with all of London, be prepared for some serious walking but the payoff is there with all of London right there. The hotel is very impressive and well maintained in the lobby. The rooms show a little more age but are still nice. The rooms are a nice size. The bathrooms are nice and supposed to be state of the art in shower/rub design. It is a highly confusing shower system, though. It is so confusing there are actual directions in the in room guide to the hotel, however, if you follow them, it is a simple process to operate the shower. Two more things with the bathroom are that the shower/tub area is inordinately deep, so for anyone short, getting in and out of the shower is a scary affair. To that end, I fell whilst getting in the shower one morning, even with the mat on the shower floor placed. So, just be careful. Secondly, they have a strange half door, glass partition that is to operate as a shower curtain but ends up letting a great deal of water on the bathroom floor. If you plan an extra towel to be placed on the floor in advance of your shower, that should help. The hotel staff were all very polite. The cleaning staff in our room did an outstanding job in our room each day, sometimes, multiple times throughout the day. We had a large king bed in our room which was very comfortable. We never got the hang of the a/c unit in the room but that is more on us than the Hyatt. But, it worked well. We did not eat at the hotel's restaurants as the prices were way beyond what we were willing to pay when we could walk 2 or 3 blocks out of the hotel for the same exact thing. The internet prices were absolutely ridiculous, however. I believe it came to $12 USD per hour or $25 USD per day (unlimited). That is insane when you can walk 2-3 blocks away to an internet cafe for $2/hr. There was one oddilty that happened earlier in May to another reviewer and the same thing happened on our last night there. The fire alarm (which does not sound loudly or sound like a fire alarm) went off around 1am. It sounded more like an alarm clock going off in the next room rather dully. After 10 minutes, I called the front desk and was told it was a fire alarm and we were to vacate. Why they would not contact each room is beyond me if it were not a true fire emergency, rather than wait ten minutes for me or countless others to call, is beyond me. The same thing happened to another person two weeks earlier, so whatever the issue, it had not been resolved.	
Jul 28 2008 	Complete Sham	Very substandard. We were traveling with my older mother-in-law and requested rooms near each other. They put us on the same floor but opposite endsof the building - not at all near each other. They were not able to move us closer together because the hotel was full. I was told by management that the hotel was totally full with middle eastern families who come for several months at a time to get away from the summer heat in the middle east. Our rooms were next to all of the spoiled children and their nannies. We heard screaming, yelling children (not babies but older kids) throughout our entire stay. The people that shared our hallway would go shopping and discard all of their shopping rubbish by dumping it in the hall outside their doorway so the hallways were always full of trash. This is unacceptable for a Hyatt at 400+ Euros/Nt. Not to mention we requested non-smoking and the room had clearly been smoked in as it reeked of cigarettes. The service here is inferior - it had the feel of a holiday inn. Upon checkout we called for our bags to be taken to the lobby after 25 minutes of waiting called again, after another 5 minutes I took the bags ourself as we had a flight to catch. When asked for restaurant recommendations the concierge would only recommend their own hotel restaurant. Just plain BAD	
Jul 23 2008 	Great Place Great Staff But Pricey	This is either my third or fourth lengthy stay at the Churchill, on business, and the second stay since the extensive renovations. The staff is top-notch, especially the concierges Dave and Nicholas and doorman Bobby. You can't beat it for location. The Tube at Marble Arch or at Bond Street is only a 5 minute walk, Marks &amp; Spencer and Selfridges are 2-3 blocks away for grocery as well as department store shopping, Hyde Park only 5 minutes walk (and great for an evening stroll when the sun stays out till 10 PM in summer). Good dining choices are at James Street/St . Christopher Street between Wigmore and Oxford Streets. Buses run in front of hotel up to Regent's Park (Sherlock Holmes Museum, Madame Tussaud's etc), and any busline you want to go anywhere stops at Marble Arch/Oxford Street. As to room, the only complaints are 1) the dangerous tubs (very high sides) - I slipped one night even with two grab bars (I brought 1 along) and 2) I also was not located well and heard restaurant clean-up late at night (breaking glass being dumped into dumpster). Rooms are small by American standards, but spotlessly clean and beautiful linens. I really enjoyed the new plasma tv and the ability to do broadband Internet on it (saved bringing along a PC), although a bit pricey for some at US$10 for 24 hours. &quot;Full&quot; tea (US: high tea) is nicely done but pricey. It was very cold and wet in early July, and I enjoyed tea by the Montagu room fireside. As a female business traveler, I always feel safe commuting here in late evenings; cannot say that for other areas of London where I've stayed.	
Jul 16 2008 	Excellent hotel with great location	We stayed at the Churchill in June for 3 nights, the hotel is very clean and very convenient. The rooms are clean, comfortable, and service was excellent. We had dinner at the restaurant Montagu, the food and service was excellent but it is expensive. The Churchill bar was good but kind of stuffy and prepare to pay for the drinks. There are a lot of restaurants and bars around that they are worth the visit.	
Jul 13 2008 	Comfortable Lodgings 10 mins from Oxford St or Marylebone	This is a large hotel on Portman Square, an easy 10 minute or less walk to Oxford Street or the charm or Marylebone High Street. Be prepared to pay for the location and ammenties. Rooms were running at 300 pounds and up during our stay (on points thank goodness). Staff were friendly and accomodating. The lobby is always hopping with international travelers. Rooms are done in the understated Hyatt style and feature very comfortable beds and modern bathrooms. Breakfast is an outrageous 30 pounds if you do not have it included in your room rate; the choice is extensive, but 30 pounds? The room service continental breakfast is actually better value at 15 pounds. Would love to stay here again but not on my nickle.	
Jun 29 2008 	Great place in the west end	We stayed at the Hyatt Regency the Churchill for 6 nights in June. The hotel was wonderful and had a great location on the west end in London. To say that London is an expensive place to stay for Americans is an understatement. If you enjoy true 5 star accommodations, and plan to stay in London for 6 nights at the present time you can stay here for $405 per night including tax and breakfast. Book the stay on the British Air web site. You can do this without booking airfare. Last I checked the same rate on the Hyatt site is over $700.We had a standard room on the 7th floor with a police station view. They charge extra for the Portman square view, but these are actually smaller rooms, and get more noise. All the rooms are very similar with the same furniture and baths, and are exactly as shown on the Hyatt site. The beds are wonderful!! The hotels breakfast buffet is huge, and great if included in the rate, otherwise it is $50 per person. The hotel has a great location about two blocks north of Selfridges, Oxford Street, and the Marble Arch. Everything you need including 3 tube stations are within walking distance. Oxford Street is very crowded, and reminds you of New York. The British food is as bad as advertised. Seeing Westminster Abbey and the Tower of London definitely made the trip worthwhile. Seeing London makes you want to get back to Paris!	
Jun 28 2008 	Pretty good after it's renovated	I've stayed at this hotel before it was renovated and after, and what a difference it makes. Before, the hotel's rooms did not look nice at all, the bedding, bathroom and lighting were all old and kinda dirty. But after renovation, I applaud the hotel. Everything looked clean and the room looked brighter as well. LCD TV (albeit not too large of a screen), view of the park, comfortable bed and pillows. The room size is pretty decent for a London hotel, breakfast could have more variety, but other than that, I would absolutely go there again and would recommend this hotel to others as well.	
Jun 25 2008 	Totally Wonderful	I spent 7 nights at the Churchill at the end of last month and the beginning of this month.From the moment I was greeted at the front desk till the day I checked, out the entire experience was divine.I was in London for a conference and the organisers had booked my room. A basic room only, but with a very comfortable King bedflat screen TV, very smart and beutifully clean room. The bathroom was excellent, products of good quality and housemaids the best around. My TV came unplugged and they sent two repair men in a matter of minutes to fix it. I was ironing a shirt at the time and one of the repair said that the iron I was using was to old and replaced it as well.The standard of presentation throughout the hotel was excelllent.My only comment, not a complaint is that the closet space is small, but while I was there they were putting in bigger closets in the rooms on the 6th floor.The staff wonderful and the location excellent. This was my first time staying on this side of Oxford St as I normally stay at the Mayfair Hilton and was worried it would be too far away from everything. It is not, it is perfect.Looking forward to staying again in November.	
Jun 20 2008	Nice island of sanity -- I stay here often	This is a really nice place to stay amidst the hustle and bustle of London. The location is really pretty with a gorgeous little park out front. Classic London. The insides of the hotel are about as modern as any I have stayed in in London and everything works well. The lobby is clean, and has gorgeous flower arrangements. There are a lot of Middle Eastern customers (Dubai, Kuwait etc.) so this adds a touch of exotica to an otherwise pretty traditional place. I love the Churchill and would recommend it unhesitatingly. The only place where I would give the Churchill a slight ding is that it is a bit pricey for what you get (sigh... London...) and that the service is not exactly stellar all the time (no real complaints but they are a bit jaded). One time my AC stopped cooling and it took them quite a while to get it fixed...Stay here if you can. It's a nice place.	
Jun 2 2008 	Great Hotel - Terrible Value	Felt old school (in a good way) but with entirely modern innards (rooms, amenities, service).Stayed on a Regency Club Floor (on points) and was very impressed with the check in, which involved a person escorting us to the regency club floor and handing us off, once checked in at the desk there the front desk person then escorted us to the room and pointed out the features....very nice. Indicated that we needed a child's cot/crib and an army of five people showed up at our door to re-organize the room to accommodate the cot.Room was immaculate and the hallway upkeep (paint -carpets ect) were top notch...which isn't always the case in some of the other 4-5 star properties in London. Regency club is nice but it certainly isn't worth the extra 100 pounds which brings me to the only downside.Look, I know it's London - its expensive and the American Peso keeping its value very well right now....but $600+ (at best) a night for a non-resort hotel....wow! Thats pretty breathtakingly expensive. I think I can deal with a shabby hallway carpet for a $100 reduction in the room rate. The only other pet peeve is that you are charged 15 pounds for 24 hours of internet access....Which is ridiculous when you are paying 300 pounds a night for a hotel! Internet access should be free at all full service hotels, just like television or shampoo in the showers.My only other comment is that as it is a hyatt there are quite a few Americans and fewer locals...and seemingly on my trip quite a few germans, both as guests and as staff (which might have something to do with the upkeep of the hotel).	
May 4 2008 	Great hotel with exceptional service	I have just returned from the third stay at The Churchill since January, 2008. The service is fantastic, room's lovely and this hotel offers all modern amenities. I am a picky business traveler and would recommend this hotel to anyone. Another advantage, it is very close to March Arch tube station (Central line) and Oxford Street (wonderful shopping) if you are not worried about the exchange rate. Jacqueline Smith	
Apr 23 2008 	Loved the Hyatt!	My family (one adult and three teenagers) stayed in two rooms at the Hyatt in March. The rooms were both very comfortable and clean, room service was quick and delicious, front desk and concierge staff was extremely helpful with currency exchange, play tickets and directions! The location was fabulous - a quick walk to the underground, Hyde Park (enjoyed a beautiful early morning walk through the park) and there were coffee shops and restaurants within walking distance. Also was just a short walk to the &quot;Red Bus&quot; tours.Would definitely stay here again!	
Mar 27 2008 	Good..Not excellent	Stayed at the Hyatt in december 2007 and was..satisfied.I travel to London on business once a month and this time chose to stay at the Hyatt as it is close to Oxford Street. Ive stayed in this hotel before when it was under the Intercontinental banner and was pleasantly surprised at the service. The hotel however was recently renovated. On arrival i was upgraded to the Portman View King room which was comfortable but rather small..I was expecting a more plush setting with luxury amenties but boy was i dissapointed. I was expecting more for my pounds.I paid around 350 pounds inclusive of breakfast and found myself in the typical hotel chain atmosphere.I usually stay at the Ritz and the Dorchestor and enjoy the service which oozes individualityThere was no turn down service, no individual welcome as i am a Hyatt member and absolutely no friendly approach from any of the staff.On a rather positive note the breakfast was splendid! there was a large selection and modern setting.Absolutely worth paying extra for.All in all i'd advise that if you are indeed looking for a plush, service orientated hotel look else where	
Feb 29 2008	OK hotel good service	I was fairly pleased with my stay here. The hotel is OK with slightly less than adequate facilities for a 5 star, however the service is very good. Being a Londoner Im not a huge fan of the location although Im sure a lot of tourists get off on being so close to Oxford Street. The great thing about the hotel though is that it is next to Locanda Locatelli, the italian restaurant. This means that after dining in the finest Italian restaurant in the UK you dont have far to stagger home. You would be doing yourself a disservice if you didnt eat here during your stay.	
Feb 20 2008 	Churchill Value An Issue	My wife and I stayed at the Churchill for five nights in February, 2008. The hotel is above average in appearance and in a good location near two Tube stops. London is expensive by any standards but the Churchill rates don't quite match the accomodations. Upon arrival, despite a 300 pound rate, we were pitched two upgrades (room with a view and the Regency Club) which would have driven the rate to closer to 400 pounds. We are always tempted to stay with a known chain on foreign trips but you could do better value wise than this Hyatt.	
Feb 20 2008	amazing - the most softest bedding ever........	one word -amazingcouldnt fault a thing.bed soooooooo comfy, we have a large superking size bed at home so its lovely to have that comfort when away.hotel, food, restaurant, ambience - all wonderful.	
Jan 28 2008 	Once again a great experience	Stayed for one night visiting London on business. Came to Hyatt Churchill after a gap of over 1.5 years - but happy to state that things have improved. The room I got was renovated - much better in terms of furnishings &amp; light colour schemes. But what stands out is the service levels - the welcome one gets from the guy at the door when my limo drove in to the smile &amp; friendly attitude at the front desk to the helpful conceirge - the waiters in the coffee shop, etc. It was a wonderful experience. I like the location - just behind Oxford Street - enables combining business &amp; leisure effectively. Would strongly recommend the Hotel to all business travellers - as for me, am definitely going back there !	
Jan 27 2008 	Very Impressed	Decided to have a last minute trip to London, theatre and site seeing. Chose a 'Secret Hotel' on the last minute website and got the Churchill. Lovely, clean, excellent service. Staff were very helpful and polite. Nothing was too much trouble. Room was of a good size, clean and with an opening window! Very unusual in London these days. Within easy walking distance to Oxford Street and the parks, but set in a quiet square.We had a brilliant stay and would love to return.	
Jan 23 2008 	Definitely worth considering	I often wonder why American hotel chains in Europe are often better managed than those in the US - take the Hyatt London the Churchill for an example. I arrived last weekend for a one night stay, very early in the morning, definitely not expecting to be roomed immediately. Their computer system was being upgraded, and they got my reservation and rates all confused (I was informed that the entire Hyatt system in Europe was being upgraded that weekend). Everything had to be done by hand. Surprisingly, the room was available (although I am not sure whether it was the room originally intended for me - no bottled water [Hyatt Gold Passport], missing towels, etc).The TV was also not functioning (only local TV channels with radio). Two engineering representatives showed up at my doorstep within 3 minutes and were eventually told by the front desk that since the computer system was &quot;down&quot;, guests were not &quot;officially&quot; being checked-in, so the TV system would not be fully functional. As I was staying at a package rate (shopping voucher with a bottle of champagne), the voucher and champagne were eventually delivered by another hotel staff about 20 minutes of my arrival. So, all in all, no big deal, I will just go do some shopping.When I returned at 4pm, the computer system was still &quot;down&quot;. When I found out from the in-room directory that the hotel carries DVD players, I called the operator to request for one. First, I was told that the hotel doesn't carry one, then I was informed that the hotel does carry DVD players, but it would cost me another 25 GBP. Well, I had to request for a waiver since I couldn't help that their computer and TV system is down. A third phone call informed me that the manager has authorized a fee-waiver. Why such complication?When I checked out the following morning, the computer system was still &quot;down&quot;, and once again, I was charged the wrong rate. The front desk staff was unable to retrieve my &quot;handwritten&quot; check-in form, so they couldn't offer me the correct rate, even thought she had my printed confirmation (that reflects the correct rate) in front of her. At 6am, I didn't feel I have the energy to argue with her.When I returned to the US, I was informed by Hyatt central reservations to contact the accounting office back at the hotel in London. Although not expecting much to come out of the e-mail to the accounting office as I am already out of the country, I did get a response from the hotel, apologizing for their computer problems, and informing me of the refund. That was a surprise (or were we travelers conditioned not to expect too much if things don't turn out right?)Overall, the location of the London Hyatt was good - a couple blocks from Oxford Street, a 5 minute walk from Selfridge's and the tube station. The staff was pleasant, particularly the engineering folks who wouldn't rest until they figured out what was wrong with my TV, or the Regency Club concierge who was equally concerned about my missing shopping voucher and the bottle of champagne not being already in the room prior to me checking in. Prior to checking in into the Hyatt I had spent a week at the Dorchester. Although the food at Alain Ducasse was up-to-par, the overall atmosphere was slightly more stuffy, the hotel staff much more reserved, and the nightly papparazzi hanging outside the hotel made getting in and out of the hotel rather difficult. So, I will definitely consider revisiting the London Hyatt next time I am in town. Their rates are definitely reasonable, and although one can find lower rates within the same area of town, I think this hotel is worth considering.	
Jan 20 2008 	ok but overpriced	This is a nice hotel but being london overpriced for what it is. The churchill bar is very nice and relaxing . The service was not as good as it should be for the class of the hotel and some staff seemed a little unsure of themselves when when approached. This was more than noticeable at breakfast with orders being misplaced and some disorganisation. The location is good . Would only stay again with a great deal.	
Jan 2 2008 	Very nice hotel	We stayed here one night on Jan 1st on a promotional Hyatt reward. Very nice hotel - similar to the renovated American Hyatts - modern decor, flat screen TVs, dark woods and colors. We were even upgraded to a Portman Square view. Room was quiet - staff was extremely friendly and helpful - only downside was that it seemed a ways out - mostly shopping but not many restaurants nearby. Marble Arch tube only 3 blocks away.	
Dec 31 2007 	Nice hotel	Very nice hotel (as you would expect for 5*!), good location, room was large and nicely furnished.Got a good deal online, otherwise would be too expensive.	
Dec 21 2007 	If not for the exchange rate....	We stayed on points for a short four night get away and had a really good experience at the Churchill. It is within walking distance of many of the sites and parks and the Underground is only two blocks away.Would definitely recommend the club level. The service here is great. Frankly there were some pretty obnoxious guests making ridiculous demands and the staff took it all in stride and remained gracious and helpful. I needed to get to an internet terminal and they actually insisted on bringing me a laptop during breakfast to save me going to the business center. Breakfast is free as are drinks and nice snacks every evening in the club. With the killer exchange rate dollars to pounds this provided some welcome savings.Rooms were big by European standards and very nicely furnished. It was somewhat noisy in the hallways and there is not much soundproofing between rooms. The restaurants were very good but like the rest of the hotel a bit formal and we felt a little out of place not being in business attireWe would consider coming back especially if it were a business trip and someone else was paying the bill. Fifteen dollars for one hour on the internet, twenty five dollars for a glass of wine and thirty dollars for an in room movie is pretty steep but that's mostly due to exchange.	
Dec 14 2007 	Ideal Business Hotel	I was in London on business for three days. Arrived late evening at Gatwick after a nine hour long flight. Took Gatwick Express to Victoria and then a taxi to the hotel. Check-in was quite fast. Staff at reception was very courteous and efficient. The room had plenty of freshness and one could make out the moment one would enter. It was very spacious, bathroom with nice fittings and above average toiletries fitted the bill. Bed was sublimely comfortable with nice pillows, one really looks forward to after a long journey. Only thing missing in the room was bottled drinking water on a complimentary basis. However, early morning tea of your choice could be served in your room free if you are a Hyatt Goldpassport member. Breakfast served in the ground floor Montagu eatery was quite well spread out but expensive even by London standard. The location of the hotel is just perfect for those who have work in central London. Taxis, underground (Marble Arch underground is just a few minutes walk away) and buses are readily available at doorstep. Hotel concierge was always found to be very friendly and helpful. All in all, a good choice for central London stay but at a good price.	
Nov 24 2007 	Excellent hotel with great service	We spent 4 nights at the Churchill and would definitely recommend it. Obviously has been renovated so it has a brand-new feel. The rooms are very spacious for London, well-appointed and tasteful. The room was also very quiet with a terrific comfortable bed. The staff was extremely courteous and helpful; food was very good; room service was unbelievably speedy. Location was good--close to the tube, and a good spot for a nice walk down Park Lane to Knightsbridge.If we had to say anything negative about this hotel, it would be only that it is definitely a Hyatt Regency, a business--friendly chain hotel--so if one were looking for a charming London hotel with true character and a true English feel, this would not be my first pick. But all in all, a wonderful stay.	
Nov 19 2007 	Great Experience!	We stayed 3 nights at the Hyatt Churchill. This was our first trip to London and found the Churchill to be in a good location (a few blocks from the Marble Arch tube station) and very nice. I was expecting a very small, drab room based on what I'd heard about London. Our room was very spacious, clean, and updated. We were very pleased!!!	
Oct 30 2007 	Great Hotel	Stayed in Regency Club room which was very nice. Staff were great, nothing too much trouble for them. Room was good size (big for some London hotels). Club lounge excellent. Location was ideal. Notice some postings re price, well it is the centre of London (not the cheapest city in the world) and is a 5* hotel. If people feel it is too expensive they can always stay elsewhere.We will be back there	
Sep 26 2007 	Fantastic location and nice hotel	I stayed here for one night on a business trip. The hotel is fairly new, offers great service and the staff was very efficient and nice. It's not cheap (£200+ per night) but the location is fantastic (right on the Portman Square and as Home House is almost next door, you can also do a bit of celeb spotting). I had a double room and it was very nice, the overall style is very Hyatt; clean, comfy and great bathroom. My only comment is that the walls are very thin, there was a baby next door who was crying most of the night. Food and drink was all of very high quality.	
Sep 25 2007 	Great room (freshly renovated) great location!	Stayed at the Hyatt Churchill in London last weekend and was happy to see that there were no hints of any hotel renovation/construction work underway.We stayed in a Regency Club suite on the 8th floor (the new Club check-in desk is here too), and it was very well appointed. Very comfortable bed -- it was just as nice as being at home. The room had a refreshing view of Portman Square (nice park, trees, etc.) which was a treat being in the heart of London.Hotel is only a +/-5 minute walk from the Marble Arch tube station, and a block off from Oxford Street so there's a lot of shopping opportunities in close proximity.The Regency Club was bright and comfortable. The breakfast/evening snacks on offer were OK, but not a huge selection.A couple things that I didn't like was the price of the Internet access (£5 for one hour, or £15 per day). I found this pricing a bit of a gouge.Also, while I really liked the renovated bathroom I was curious why they didn't install ventillation to remove the steam from the shower... It really seemed to fill the room, and take a while to dissapate. Shower temp/pressure was excellent!Overall, a great stay at this hotel. Staff was very friendly as well.	
Aug 25 2007 	Nice hotel in a convenient London location	Stayed at the Churchill property with my mother on our visit to London. The check-in process was a bit non-standard. Normally, Regency Club and suite check-ins are done on a private floor in a quiet and more exclusive atmosphere, but the 8th floor was under renovation and it was not available for our visit. They walked us from the main desk to another desk and then another girl walked us back to the original desk and did our check-in. (very strange) The suite we booked was not the one we were placed in and I brought it up to the staff. After a few exchanges of pleasantries, we were moved to the correct suite.The services were all excellent at the hotel. The theatre desk was efficient and helpful, as was the concierge--especially Chris! He went far beyond the normal amount of time a concierge would offer to a guest to ensure everything was just right (even gave us umbrellas for the day, as rain was expected.)The Regency Club was very good. They do a much more formal breakfast than most RC's. The hotel is about 3-5 minutes from the nearest tube station, depending upon your walking speed. Overall, a great London hotel and I wouldn't hesitate to stay there again.	
Jul 15 2007	hurry redo or shut it down	disappointing re-do since it used to be inter-conti.great hall portersfair and uninspiring club quatersno gym facilities in make-over, using a single room w/ equipmentno close to hyatt standards - shutter it until ready	
Jul 1 2007 	Very Nice Hotel	We came on a first visit to London as tourists. Hotel is in a convenient location, great service, rooms were modern with those great hyatt beds, very nice bar downstairs. Only complaint would be the price but everything in London is pricey.	
Jun 26 2007 	GREAT HOTEL	Another gret stay at the churchill! we spen t a week here in june and had a terrific stay. We had a newly refurbished king room on the 7th floor. Great fairly spacious room with all the amenities you need. breakfast in the montague restaurant is always of high standard and we made sure we ate up big for our long days exploring the town. Great professional staff from checkin to restaurant and doormen. we would be happy to recommend this hotel to anyone visting london, Great Marble arch/ oxford street location. very convenient to shopping. Dont forget afternoon tea in the montague.	
Jun 11 2007 	Brilliant hotel - especially if you like shopping!	We stayed on the 8th floor in one of the executive club rooms, overlooking Portland Square.The room itself was perhaps a little smaller than you might expect but was perfectly decent with a huge comfy double bed, flat screen tv and a desk area. It did however have an adjoining door with the next door room and on occasion we could hear voices from our neighbours. Not sure how annoying this would be if you had noisy people staying next to you.The hotel was pretty quiet for being less than five minutes away from the end of Oxford street and there also wasn't the usual corridor noise that you often get in hotels with doors banging all night long.The club lounge provided a lovely continental breakfast. Free soft drinks and beer were on offer all day with a buffet and further drinks available between 6-8. Take advantage of this and stock up for the rest of the evening!Service in the hotel was excellent and there was a dedicated reception and concierge desk for the club rooms. The staff were more than eager to please.The downside was that , due to refurbishment, the gym and sauna was out of action, or rather had been replaced by a couple of treadmills in a bedroom.This hotel is so close to Oxford Street that if you love shopping, you'd be silly not to stay here. It's also only 5 minutes away from Marble Arch tube station so is the perfect base in the centre of the city.Tip: remember to take your Privacy sign off your door if you go out for the day. The staff really do respect your privacy and you won't get your room serviced until it's time for evening 'turn down'.	
Jun 2 2007 	Perfect wedding venue	We had our wedding reception in the Churchill in April this year - we could not have asked for a more perfect, or well organised day. The service was commented on several times by our guests as being more than first class, and the food, was the best (I am not being biased) I have ever had at a wedding - we have set a benchmark now for all our friends which may be hard to surpass.We stayed in a suite which was superb, very spacious, a bed I could have stayed in forever and great amenities - only one blip was the view of scaffolding from our window, but we did not really worry!we will go back for our wedding anniversary every year!I think for anyone wanting to stay in central london, this is a perfect location, so close to Ox st but you woudl not know, as it is a very well off neighbourhood. The in hotel restaurant does great English food, and the breakfast is brilliant.	
May 22 2007	World Class Hotel	Exceptional hotel. Spaceous rooms, incredible service, delicious food. This property sports the best Regency Club that I have ever visited. The Churchill cigar bar was a fine addition to the property and the server was very helpful. 50% of the hotel was undergoing a complete renovation, but they have done a perfect job hiding that fact. I didn't realize it until I was told.Excellent location.	
Apr 18 2007 	A home away from Home!	I had the opportunity of staying in The Churchill twice in the last two months (a Birthday weekend London escape for my wife and me in February (first week of February) and a short Easter vacation with the kids (a boy and a girl of 12 and 9 years) (the second week of April). The overall impression was simply excellent. As one would expect from a five star hotel.I had stayed in the Churchill a couple of times in the past during its Intercontinental days. I can say that the only difference that I have noticed, is in the general atmosphere of the hotel which has changed from strict formal and businessman style to a more casual, family and vacationer friendly .Otherwise, all the ingredients that make a nice hotel were there. The breakfast was superb in terms of quality (really excellent) and variety of food. The staff was kind and friendly and they even arranged a small surprise for my wife's birthday with champagne and chocolates awaiting us in our room when we returned back from our wanderings in London in the evening.The cleaness of the hotel spaces (rooms, bathrooms, public) and the comfort of bedding, towels, bathrobes are of five star standards.I look forward to staying in this hotel soon.	
Dec 7 2006 	You'd think they'd get the most basic thing right . . . but not.	My wife and I wanted to spend a couple of nights in London, so we booked a two night stay at The Hyatt Regency - The Churchill at Portman Square. The hotel seemed full (much of it, I believe, is under renovation) so they wanted 28,000 points per night for our stay. This is twice the normal rate.When we were shown to the Regency Club room, it was freshly decorated and quite attractive --- but not much bigger than a shoe box. The Regency Club concierge, who showed us to the room, asked enthusiastically, &quot;What do you think of it?&quot; I replied that I thought it was very small. She shrugged her shoulders. &quot;All London hotel rooms are like this.&quot; (Guess she's never stayed in the Savoy, or Claridge's, or the Connaught, or many others . . . )The biggest problem was the light switches. Okay, I know that sounds silly and trivial --- but please follow this for a moment.There was one of those master power switches at the front door to the tiny room. When you switched it, on departure, you turned off all of the room lights. Conversely when you returned you turned all of the lights back on.There was another one of these master power switches by one side of the bed (mine), but not the other. Each side of the bed had a bedside lamp, and each bedside lamp had its own individual control.The master switch controlled the ceiling lights in the room: powerful, bright halogen lights in the entryway. But this room was so small that the entryway virtually scraped the other side of the room. There was no individual control for the ceiling lights.When Marjorie wanted to go to sleep, she could shut off her bedside lamp --- but could not shut off the ceiling lights. They shone right into her eyes. I could shut off the ceiling lights, but if I did so, I also turned off the two bedside lamps --- so I couldn't read in bed.I just couldn't sleep, and I grew increasingly more irritated and annoyed. Frankly, I felt trapped by the fact that I was in the dark, but could not do something as basic as turn on the bedside lamp without also turning on all of the ceiling lamps.You'd think an organisation the size of the Hyatt would get this simple bit of wiring right. Hey, guys, I'm not a beta tester. You wanted 28,000 points per night for this room --- can I at least have a bedside lamp that's independent of the ceiling lights?I finally got dressed, quietly, and went down into the lobby and spoke with the Assistant Manager. Her reply? &quot;Nobody has had this problem before.&quot; She showed me another room, and the wiring was identical.I sat in the lobby for about 90 minutes --- on a couch, with a blanket and a pitcher of water. A maintenance man finally came with another bedside lamp and a thick extension cord: you could power a small city with the cord. He had a role of duct tape. His plan was to tip-toe into the tiny room, with my wife asleep, and wire the bedside lamp to the plug socket on the other side of the room --- a plug socket not linked to the master switch. And then duct tape the entire contraption to the carpet.I borrowed his small flashlight (torch) instead.When I saw a Rooms Manager in the morning, his attitude wasn't apologetic. It was all, he explained, &quot;a matter of cost.&quot;This wouldn't be a problem if you were by yourself in the room, but if there are two of you, find another hotel in London.	
Nov 15 2006 	No complaints. As promised.	Went for a weekend trip to London. The hotel is in a great location for Selfridges and other Oxford Street stores and a short walk to Hyde Park. The quality of the hotel was well up to standard and I can't fault it in anyway. The reception staff were particularly courteous and got the stay off to a good start.	
Oct 31 2006 	Terrific!	We had a marvellous stay at this hotel - from the moment we arrived, we felt relaxed and comfortable. Our room was in the Regency Club, which meant that check-in was on a dedicated floor and handled swiftly and easily. By the time we had enjoyed a complimentary drink in the Regency Club Lounge, our luggage had been delivered to the room which was ready and waiting for us despite the fact that we had arrived early. Service throughout our stay was impeccable and we had a very good dinner in the Montagu restaurant. We had requested a late check-out which meant we could relax the following day and after a long walk in the unseasonably warm weather, we rounded off the weekend with a champagne cream tea. The hotel is within an easy walk of Oxford Street and Hyde Park. The staff are to be commended for their efficiency and courtesy.	
Sep 30 2006 	Very pleased!	Having read the so-so reviews posted here, I thought that my stay at this hotel would be lackluster. But I have loads of Hyatt points and was ending a vacation in Italy with two nights in London, so I couldn't pass up the opportunity for a free stay. I knew the hotel is under renovation and expected the worst.Upon check-in (where there is no sign of renovation in the very nice lobby), I asked if I could have a renovated room. The clerk told me that, while some rooms are finished, they didn't have all the kinks worked out. Fair enough, I thought. However, I was happily surprised to see that my non-renovated room was not only spacious (American-sized!), but also quite nice. If it wasn't renovated, I'm not sure what needed to be upgraded! The only sign of renovation I saw on my stay was an area ourside the elevator on my floor (5th floor), where there was a screen shielding some work being done.The staff at this hotel were all above average, including a super helpful concierge. And, as others have noted, it's a great location.I travel to London at least once a year, and I have to say I wouldn't hesitate to stay here even if I didn't have Hyatt dollars. Maybe I was just lucky!	
Sep 18 2006	Disappointed	This is definitely not a 5-star hotel as advertised.I'm a Hyatt Diamond member and travels about 200 nights a year, including many in London. This was my first stay here and I was thoroughly disappointed.First of all the hotel is quite old, and undergoing a renovation. I can see why the rooms need updating as age definitely showed. My biggest complaint is that the walls are paper thin. I could hear my neighbor's television program even with my TV turned on.Check-in was quite disappointing as well. Even after informing the hotel of my arrival time, they gave away the room that was previously assigned to me (as I could see when I signed my folio) and told me I had been given a &quot;quiet room&quot;. The quiet room turned out to be on the same floor as executive offices, function rooms, and directly across the gym. When I entered and closed my door, I could hear the TV in the gym. I could imagine how noisy it would be in the morning so I went downstairs to change my room. There I was kep waiting for over 10 minutes. And even being a Diamond member the duty or front-desk manager did not have the courtesy of coming out of the office to talk to me. After a 10-minute wait the poor girl (nice but apparently quite new on the job) came out and gave me another room, overlooking the police station.Location of the hotel is quite good for Oxford street shopping. But the neighborhood is completly dead after 6pm. Absolutely no light, shops, restaurants or anything. The nearest place you can buy a bottle of water or some fruit is more than a 10-minute walk.Even though it's a business hotel, I found the hotel lobby primarily full of large families with many young kids running.Granted the rate is not that high for London. I paid just under 200 pounds. But I think you can find better hotels to stay at.	
Sep 5 2006 	Ok but was disappointed with some things	My wife and I stayed here recently on our honeymoon. We had pre-paid for a King Size bed and had informed them of a request for early check-in. We waited for 3 hours for our room, which was basically two twin beds stuck together in the middle of the room, with the pinned headboards showing that it is double. I complained and they changed the room for us that evening. It was a king size headboard, but yet again, a couple of double beds stuck together. The other problem was the air conditioning. Unfortunately we stayed in london on the hottest days of the year, and the room was no refuge from the heat. The staff on the other hand were very friendly and helpful and as an apology for the earlier room had sent a bottle of champagne, dessert and a fruit bowl. Nice touch, too bad about the rooms themselves.	
Jul 21 2006	Too Tropical for London	OK, I'll be honest, like many other guests I stayed here as part of the Hyatt frequent guest program. We paid extra and had a regency club room on the 8th floor where the temperature seemed to be a constant 28 degrees (celsius) in a cold London Spring. Regency club privleges include breakfast and drinks/canapes from 18:00-20:00 in a private lounge. While there were many guests from normally warmer climes who seemed not too mind, two Aussies found it quite stifling. We dressed for a cold London and everytime we came to our room and the club lounge we felt like changing to beach clothes. The environment makes one thirsty and the free drinks at the lounge quenched our thirst. The canape selection was substantial enough that after a full day of sightseeing and a pub lunch it was a enough for dinner. Saving! Continental breakfast was more than satisfactory. Overall, the reception and door staff were wonderful and so friendly however the english was poor amongst the F&amp;B staff. Having stayed in plenty of 5 star places worldwide the rooms at the Hyatt barely make the grade but on hearsay probably acceptable for London. The hotel is undergoing refurbishment so the regency rooms could do with this as I suspect they hadn't been updated by May 2006. If I had to pay the 200 pound (approx) cost per room, i think there would be better. If the Hyatt Regency Churchill suits your purposes for a visit to London, it is more than acceptable.	
Jul 4 2006	A nice surprise	After reading the reviews of the Churchill on trip advisor and seeing no reviews on the hotel in the various travel guides for London, we were a little apprehensive about our upcoming stay there. After spending a week and a half at the Churchill, we are happy to report that we loved it. We took our 13 year old daughter to England and stayed on the club level. The room was not significantly more in price and yet included breakfast in the private lounge every morning, snacks and drinks all day and appetizers and free drinks (including Champagne) every evening. More importantly, the staff could not have been more attentive to our needs. Our room was made up everyday as soon as we left and the beds and linens were very comfortable. The bathrooms were very nice, although a little small with a lack of decent counter space and no cabinet space, but the room, a King bedded room with a rollaway bed for our daughter was spacious in European terms. As for location, we loved it. We were near a wonderful area full of great little restaurants which were easily walked to. In addition, we were a quick walk to the Metro and for those times when we needed a taxi, there was always one out front.All in all a great experience for the money...The staff made you feel like you were at the Ritz and the lobby and extra amenities didn't disappoint either...	
Jul 3 2006	Excellent!	We stayed on the club floor, which offers two concierges, as well as a breakfast room that has complimentary water/sodas/snacks all day. In London, this is a value not to be overlooked, particularly when the quality of the breakfast is considered.The rooms were good sized, particularly for London, and very clean. Service was very courteous and helpful. We found the hotel to be centrally located--a short walk to the tube, very close to Hyde Park, and in a generally interesting neighborhood. A decent fitness facility.All in all, a very pleasant experience. Highly recommended.	
Apr 6 2006	Nice weekend	The Churchill is ideally placed for the top of Oxford Street shopping, but a bit too much of a walk to Theatreland for convenience if that is what you are seeking (45 mins reasonable stroll, [40 mins brisk] or GBP10 in a taxi, traffic permitting [consider taking a cab at the far side of Portman square - it took us about ten minutes one day just to go from the hotel to the opposite corner].The hotel is quite large, and the entrance is impressive. We stayed in King rooms and they were nice and spacious: our room had a nice view over Portman Square. This meant it was a bit noisier than we would have liked, but it was better than looking over rooftops. The staff were really pleasant, and apart from a rather grumpy doorman who insisted we move our car almost as soon as we arrived (we can understand the security aspects, but a nicer way of saying it would have made all the difference). The continental breakfast in the Club lounge was substantial, and the service staff there couldn't do enough to help. The beds were relaxing and it was relatively easy to nod off (not many hotels have that effect on me or my wife). The bathroom was a bit tatty, but we were told when we arrived that that was the day the hotel was beginning a major refurbishment, so when it is finished, if they can keep the service level we experienced, coupled with good surroundings, it will be absolutely excellent.The hotel's underground car park is a couple of pounds dearer than an NCP carpark a couple of streets away, but not worth quibbling about. It would be nice {and may be available after the revamp} to have an internal access from the carpark to the hotel interior. A couple of small gripes: one was the quality of the towels we had on one day (these were more like tourist hotel swimming pool towels, thin and having seen better days): the other was the room's sash windows were poorly fitting, and we had to call maintenance to close them as they had jammed. Hopefully the refurbishment will address this. We went to shows each evening of our stay, so never ate a full meal in the hotel, but the restaurant looked clean, and the tables were nicely set. All in all a place I would return to for a shopping trip. Also it's very close to Hyde Park for a bit of fresh air and a (relative) bit of peace.	
Mar 27 2006	Great stay	I was a little hestitant to book the Hyatt because there weren't that many reviews here or elsewhere, but did because it was free with Hyatt points and, really, how can you go too wrong with a Hyatt?  I don't have a SINGLE complaint. It's definitely a business hotel, filled with (mostly) men in suits, but we weren't looking for a lobby filled with tour bus brochures anyway.  Very classy place. Nice room, though nothing big or super fancy. The most comfortable bed and pillows I've ever had in a hotel, and we've tried a lot of the heavenly beds et al. It was hard to get out of bed but we had to because it was a short trip (5 nights!).  I can't say enough good things about the staff. They were always so welcoming and helpful and NEVER expected tips. (so different than in the U.S.). The location was perfect: a very quick walk to the Marble Arch tube stop and Oxford Street. Super close to Baker Street and some good restaurants (Royal China Club). Perfectly situated for a run in Hyde Park/Kensington Park. We (my mom and I) had a Regency Club room and I can't say I would pay the extra (or use the extra points) next time but ONLY because we were gone most of the day and only came back to change for dinner or a show. The lounge was small but nice. Pretty formal. Light snacks and breakfast foods. We just used it a couple times. Very helpful, friendly staff up there, too. They just started (a few days after we left) a major renovation that will take out half the rooms at a time. Maybe they're having specials as a result. If so, I wouldn't hestitate to grab it.  The restaurants, like most everything in London, are pricey, but we enjoyed drinks and a great burger at the Churchill Bar and a fabulous meal at Locanda Locatelli.	
Feb 8 2006 	Decent but noisy	I stayed here for 3 nights and although the room itself was comfortable and the staff, courteous, I was very disappointed with the noise level. I got a room near the elevators, so there was constant chatter, etc. Plus, there are sofas by the elevators, so there were often groups of people who would congregate there and make quite a bit of noise. Plus, you could hear everything your neighbors said/did + whatever was going on in the halls. Otherwise, the room was quite clean and the beds were comfortable. And the location is great.	
Jan 5 2006	very good christmas in London at the Hyatt !	we were in London for Christmas and we spent 3 nights in the hotel &quot;Hyatt Churchill&quot; at the regency club . the hotel is beautiful inside ,the hall, the bars, the restaurants ( two) and our bedroom was big and very confortable! the staff looks kind and polite.the regency room where we had our breakfast is very lovely and with a lot of charm.... we 'll return with pleasure!	
Dec 29 2005	Can do better	This hotel is satisfactory for one night, but the room is somewhat small and stuffy. I was charged more than $100 for a minibar I did not use. A reminder to always check your credit card bill because upon check-out I never saw an invoice with this charge. A phone call cleared up the problem immediately. You can find better in London for this price.	
Dec 9 2005	loved the Hyatt Churchill	We weren't expecting much after reading the reviews on this site - but I guess even Trip Advisor members aren't always right (I've just always relied on the advice I've received here - usuallly right on target) We loved the Churchill, from the minute we stepped out of the cab. The friendly welcome from the staff was exceptional. The hotel is lovely, our room was lovely, everything looked very clean and in great shape - nothing looked &quot;worn&quot;. The restaurants looked great, although our short stay didn't permit us to try them. We stayed on the club level, free with Hyatt points, and were treated like royalty. The delicious snacks and drinks in the lounge, and the continental breakfast, were great. It was so nice to be able to grab a bottle of water or Diet Coke whenever we wanted! The hotel arranged a minicab for me for airport transport since I couldn't manage the Gatwick express myself with all my luggage. The only drawback was that we thought we'd be closer to our daughter's flat than we actually were, but we were able to get around quite easily. We would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 30 2005	average	Stayed here twice in the past two years.We asked for nonsmoking rooms, but the rooms smelled strongly of smoke.. ashes and ciggies were found everywhere. Every room they showed us smelled of smoke. we finally worked something out with the manager, and they gave us the newest rooms they had.Because the hotel is only a block away from the Arab part of London, there are a lot of Arab people at the hotel. I didn't mind, but many of them sat around in the lobby smoking nonstop. The rooms are very WORN and OLD. This was a huge disappointment considering it is a Hyatt.After all my complaints, why did I stay twice? Simple we got the rooms for free through hyatt gold points	
Nov 30 2005	A decent enough choice if the price is right	Stayed here just overnight on business October, 2005 and was happy enough. The location is great for my favorite shopping (especially Marylebone High Street) and with decent enough access to the City and other points. The building itself is nothing special, looks like a '50s concrete block, but the lobby is rather grand - very open and lots of marble, and a good restaurant just off to the left - casual but pricey and good food.The rooms are nothing to write home about. Comfortably furnished, and quite clean. My standard king on the fourth floor was a reasonable size, and the bathroom was just fine. The mattress could have been better - probably just about time to replace them.Staff were pleasant and relatively efficient. I had a decent if not great rate of 165 pounds for the night not including breakfast (there were cheaper, bkfst included rates available, but not when I booked last minute), and only the nasty UK taxes made it nearly 200 pounds. While I wouldn't rush to stay here again, I wouldn't run screaming either, if it the offer was good.	
Nov 12 2005	Good but not quite Hyatt	I stayed one night the week of 7 November. Location is very convenient and pleasant, staff is very helpful and pleasant. I had a double non-smoking room on the 4th floor, OK but a little small for Hyatt and Hyatt prices. Bed very comfortable, but would have expected ironing board and ice machine as others have noted. Tub too short to stretch my legs and soak my aching feet (from all that walking).Hotel exterior is like a bad post-war office building, except for the entry. The website photo has tree leaves all around the edges for a good reason. The beautiful park in Portman Square is lovely to look at but impossible to use since it is private, the web site doesn't tell you that, either.Considering how expensive hotels are in London, this was an average value (about $300).	
Oct 27 2005	A little worn	I stayed at the Hyatt Churchill for 3 nights in early October. The picture on the internet shows the exterior which was shot through the park. That was the only nice part of the exterior. The Lobby was beautiful, spacious and gleaming.The front desk staff was very accommodating.I was able to check right in when I landed and the process was easy.Room was a big disappointment. While it was a good size,it was quite worn. Closet was very small and I could not hang many clothes in thereas there was a shelf with a safe on it taking up most of the lower half of the closet. Drawer space was at a minimum and there was no iron.The room was chilly and I never did figure out how to run the heat.There was a line of dirt around the whole room as if when they shampooed rugs their machine could not get the 3 inches around the perimeter.The fixtures didn't seem to fit the bathroom as though when they bought a new toilet and installed plumbing they didn't redo the whole bathroom;ie; Lid did not fit on toilet because of back not going all the way back and a hole in the shower unit because new one was a different size.Also, toilet did not flush properly..There was no ice machine, you would have to call room service if you wanted ice and then they only brought a small amount. There was an adjoining room to ours and it only had one locked door in between with space under the door so there didn't seem to be any privacy.We knew when their lights were on, could hear them in the bathroom, could hear their television,and also their voices. There also is no gift shop and no pool in this hotel. There was however lots of good pressure and hot water. The room was also very clean.Considering it was 185pounds on 2 days and 200pounds on the third I would not stay there again.	
Aug 12 2005	Very Nice Stay	Comfortable, with great service. Got a deal that included breakfast (saved a ton of money). A little off the beaten tourist path but very convenient to oxford street. I'd stay there again tomorrow!	
Aug 5 2005 	Nice stay	Is only a short taxi ride from Paddington Train Station. Lobby is spacious and very eye appealing. Front desk staff very friendly and efficient for check in and out. Lobby furniture appeared comfortable. Cigar bar off lobby is very pricey (as almost everything else in London), but very nice atmosphere for relaxing and having a pint before retiring. I stayed the week in between bombings and as others have said taxis seemed to always be available at the door. You can walk to the designer district and there are very good restaurants nearby as well. Marble Arch train station is close by. Room on the 6th floor was nice, but was expecting a bit more luxury for the Hyatt name. TV was smaller than expected. Bathroom was very stylish with marble. Expected an ironing board and iron in the room, but had to request one from room service. Mini-bar was fully stocked, but as one would expect, was ridiculously high priced...some may say, &quot;I'd rather starve.&quot; Expected complimentary coffee/tea, but none offered. Air conditioning kept room very comfortable. Had a king bed and it was very comfortable--slept well. TV has computerized wake-up call setting that gets you up with music, increasing volume gradually after turn on--better than the ringing phone, in my opinion. Housekeeping seemed to clean/tidy up the room several times during the day. Overall, a very good stay.	
Jul 28 2005	nice hotel	This hotel is well located in the Marble Arch area of London. I booked this hotel directed through Hyatt. I must recommend that if you stay at this hotel, stay on a club floor. That is what we did.As an American, London can be quite pricey. Being on the club floor we received a vey nice buffet breakfast(all cold items) plus tea, coffee, etc. There were cookies and beverages available all day long so if you needed a quick pick-me-up during the day, this was available. In the early evening there were light appetizers and drinks available. The rooms were o.k. as they were a little worn, but very clean. The service on the club floor was very good. There was always a concierge on this floor(easy check in and out.)The lobby was very nice as was the restaurant(we had high tea there.)The location of the hotel was central. We were in London during the 2nd wave of terror so we were forced to either walk or take a taxi(taxis were almost always at our hotel.)If you do not mind walking then you can get to most places by either foot or taxi.	
Feb 11 2005	A very above average Hyatt	With respect to some of the other reviews, I too wouldn't classify this as a 5-star hotel, but it doesn't miss by much. One of the first things I notice in a hotel is the condition of the room and furnishings, and everything in the Hyatt Churchill was first-rate. The standard rooms and bathrooms are large, by London standards, the public areas are clean and tasteful, and the location is very convenient for seeing the city. The prices for both the room and hotel restaurants are exorbitant, but again, not unreasonable by London standards. All in all, a highly recommended hotel. 	
Nov 25 2004	Needs refurbishment	I am a Hyatt Diamond member, and stay regularly here. Service in Regency Club is good, with staff remembering your name from one visit to the next. Rooms are overdue for renovation, however, and do not live up to the sleek contemporary design that is typically Hyatt.Location is excellent for access to West End and City. Gym is cramped and unimpressive.	
Oct 25 2004	Great location great service.	I stayed at The Churchill from Oct. 6 through Oct. 9, 2004. I have traveled extensively in the states and the Caribbean, but this was my first trip to Europe.The hotel is in a good location  two blocks from Oxford Street and three blocks from the Marble Arch underground. Cabs queue on the street next to the hotel, so there was never more than a two minute wait for a taxi.The lobby is large but unimpressive. My room, on the fifth floor, was adequate size, very clean, with fully stocked minibar. The bed was a little soft for my taste. All appliances worked. The rooms have high-speed Internet access for a fee.The restaurant has a limited menu and mediocre meals. The breakfast buffet was dreadful. Afternoon tea, however, was delightful, with wonderful scones. The hotel bar was lovely, with a piano player/singer performing.The hotel has a fitness room with treadmills, stationary bikes and stairstepper.The staff was very attentive and courteous. I had trouble around midnight getting the Internet access to work, and the hotel manager came to my room less than five minutes after I called. I was greeted by name every day by the doormen.I recommend The Churchill and I plan to stay there on my next visit to London. Just don't take your meals there.	
Oct 18 2004	Perfect Hotel! (super nice)	Just stayed at the Churchhill with my fiance in late September and it was simply amazing! Now to be honest I have no idea what we paid for our room since it was a gift, but I can tell you right now that it is a legit 4-5 star hotel. Great location in a very clean and high end area. Short walk to Marble Arch subway station (super easy to use!). As soon as you walk in the lobby, you'll know that your in good hands. Our room was on the 6th floor and was huge with a great view and even greater bathroom. Very comparable to a high end hotel in America, not &quot;european&quot; in terms of size and ammenities at all. Very nice and helpfull staff. Short walk to British museum. I can tell you that when I went to visit my mother's hotel, which was located right in the heart of downtown London, that not only was the Churchhill's area 10X cleaner, but it made her hotel look like a complete dump....and she spent $150 a night. There is also tons of trendy shopping and good restaurants right next to the Churchill. Bottom line....you will not be dissapointed, trust me!	
Aug 19 2004	Not what it should be	Just returned from London and our stay at the Churchill. My wife our two kids and myself. We occupied 2 adjoining smallish rooms that were in most definite need of repair (peeled paint, worn carpets, bathroom plumbing problems). None of these issues would phase me in a hotel that was charging 2/3rds the price. However, with the prices charged here, you should expect a 5 star hotel and not a 3 star hotel, as the Churchill has become. The service provided by the staff is also showing a definite trend towards mediocrity. We travel quite a bit, and we are well aware of what one can expect in the various cities of Europe. In London you can do much better than the Churchill.	
Jul 14 2004	DELIGHTFUL HOLIDAY AT THE CHURCHILL		
Jun 30 2004 	It was fine but not 5 star IMO		
Jun 12 2004	No! Not what it says it is!		
Mar 31 2004	Good but not as good as it thinks it is		
Jan 15 2004	Lovelly		
Jan 8 2004	Great For a Family		
Jan 6 2004	Great hotel!		
Jul 15 2003	OK But . . .		
Jul 11 2003	Great Service Can't go wrong with them...		
Jan 24 2003	Good for business great for families		
Nov 2 2009 	????		
Jul 27 2009 	?????????		
Jul 17 2009 	C'è tutto lo stile Hyatt moderno lussuoso e fantastico ma imperfetto!		
Jun 7 2009 	London halt...		
Mar 20 2009 	???????????		
Feb 13 2009 	?????????????		
Feb 13 2009 	???????????????		
Mar 25 2008 	servizi eccellenti da hotel a 5 stelle		
