	Simple hotel good location	Overall the hotel provided exactly what we needed - a base for a 2-day sighting seeing trip around London. The location was good since it was right near the Earl's Court Station that allowed us to get everywhere we wanted to go. Otherwise there was not much near the hotel.The room was actually bigger than anticipated. It was very basic though. Only negative was that the one women at the desk wasn't helpful at all with any of our questions. Would recommend for a basic sightseeing stay.	
Nov 21 2009 	Good hotel GREAT value	I just spent almost 2 weeks at this hotel on a solo leisure/shopping trip, and I don't have many complaints! It's an incredible value in such a pricey city and as others have mentioned, it's access to the Earl's Court tube station is it's shining glory. The area has a nice neighborhood feeling and there are many amenities within a few steps from the hotel (drugstore, grocers, post office, atms, pubs, restaurants, convenience stores, stationers, internet cafe, etc etc!). The room was nothing special... quite drab and outdated, but it was very clean and everything was in working order. It was small, but I had plenty of room to move about and put my belongings. Oh, and that tea kettle that boils water in seconds was a lovely thing to have in the room. I never saw any insects or pests, I never ran out of hot water for showers, and whenever I requested anything from the staff, they were very prompt and polite. I was definitely a late riser and the housekeeping staff always took the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign seriously! I also have to thank the gentleman at the front desk the morning of my checkout... I was short 30 or 40 pence for some phone calls I had made from my room, and he just smiled and told me not to worry. Thanks!There were only a very minor complaints about my stay. The main one is the creaky floorboards! I know there isn't much the hotel can do about it, but my goodness was it annoying! I couldn't walk anywhere in my room without a headache. And I could hear everything that was going on in the hallway like it was right next to me, so I inadvertently eavesdropped on many conversations. Although I wasn't in London to watch TV, the couple of channels that were available had a bit of static. The room was always too warm for me, even with the fan and windows open (in the middle of November), and the bed was a bit uncomfortable at times (there was small plastic circles embedded in mattress... I have no idea what they were). Also, the halls were never really tidy... always piles of towels or toilet paper laying around from housekeeping. It never bothered me, but I can see how it might look disorderly to some visitors.Although I was thinking that on my next trip to London I would try to find accommodations with self-service lodging (kitchenette, fridge), to save a bit of money on dining out... I would definitely stay at Barkston Gardens again and give it my recommendation!	
Nov 19 2009 	Average hotel in good location	I stayed in this hotel for 2 nights and overall it is a fair value for money in London. Main benefit is that this hotel is only a couple of minutes walk from Earl's Court tube station, which is very central and you don't need to spend hours to get to main places of interest. Breakfast is also quite good - we had a full English breakfast package, which worked out very well. However the &quot;restaurant&quot; looks very tired and reminds me of an old public canteen. Nevertheless, quality and variety of food is very reasonable. Bedrooms in this hotel overall are not that great. Good things are: spacious room, clean. Bad things - everything looks very very tired, bathroom - although shower works - looks awful, old and very outdated (but still clean). Windows - forget double glazing. Very old and very dirty, can't open them properly - I needed to use a folder to stop it from shutting. Curtains used to be white, but it I think it was a long long time ago, and now they are grey. Floor (and carpets) is also quite bad and every time you walk, it makes terrible noise - which is especially noticeable during the night if you or your kids have to get up.I first thought of rating this hotel as 3 out of 5 because of it's location and room rates. But the more I think about it, the more negatives I find. I would not really like to stay in this hotel in the future - I would rather move away from the city centre, or choose a bit more expensive hotel in the same area.	
Nov 11 2009 	Excellent value for money	Located just a few meters away from Earls court tube, it is easily accessible by public transport that drops you only a few meters away. Location is excellent, couldn't be better.Even if it is next to a busy road, at night the area is quiet and you can sleep well.Rooms are very big when compared to other same level London hotels with plenty of room to put baggage and be comfortable. Bathroom is ensuite and not very small, the only problem was that water wasn't very hot, but we could manage to have a bath without any problem. Rooms and hotel were clean.Breakfast was nothing special but accaptable with fresh toast, another type of bread, cereals, one type of ham ans cheese, jams, ecc. You can also choose from hot chocolate, tea or coffee, I had the first two, and the two of them weren't good.I definately recommend this hotel since it is excellent value for money, located in the centre of london with easy transport facilities being just a few seconds away.	
Oct 28 2009 	Completely satisfied!	This hotel was excellent for what we wanted - a real London atmosphere in a great section of the city, at reasonable cost. The room was modest size - no problem for us as we knew what to expect - and charmingly furnished. The bathroom was modern and clean. No problem! The staff was fine, although we had no special requests.Someone who wants an American-type room may not be as happy as we were, it's just a matter of taste.	
Oct 27 2009 	surly arrogant condescending and demeaning staff!	If your idea of customer service is surly, arrogant, condescending and demeaning staff you will simply adore the Barkston Gardens Hotel. If not, i suggest you run the other way, fast!	
Oct 11 2009	Under construction	The hotel was under construction while we were there. It wasn't too disruptive, but it made walking down the hall unpleasant as they put in a new elevator. Our room was okay and very spacious, the beds soft and comfortable, but our bathroom was scary. I say scary because the shower sang, and the tiling was poor, with large gobs of caulk everywhere to fill in gaps.The location was Excellent. From Earl's Court tube station, you turn right, walk half a block, turn left and you are there! It's on the Piccadilly line which makes it convenient to get to and from the airport, or Kings Cross/ St. Pancras train station if you don't have a car. There were also plenty of choices as far as restaurants, grocery stores, bakerys, internet cafes, and a little shopping. ATMs located accross the street from the underground.Breakfast was a nice buffet. Tea and toast plus whatever you can concoct with cheese, rolls, ham, cut up fruit, and cereal.	
Oct 10 2009 	A good hotel for many reasons	I just returned from London where I stayed for the fourth time at Barkston Gardens.The hotel has a very good position along the Piccadilly Line, just a few minutes walk from Earl´s Court underground station. The rooms are good enough, not luxurious.The floor makes (terrible) noise and sometimes theres no hot water, but it does not bother me to much. The international breakfast is always the same but contains the basic drinks and food stuffs. The personal is friendly.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great location!	Great location! I was surprised how close everything was to this hotel. The restaurants, drugstore, grocery store, and shopping was close by. The tube was literally a 5 minute walk. Great location overall. The hotel is an older building, but it does have big rooms and big bathrooms. They need to update the furnitures. The bed was uncomfortable!The hotel staffs were very nice and courteous. Great customer service. I will definitely stay here again. Hopefully, they would have new beds.	
Oct 6 2009 	Excellent Location	We have just returned from London - our one week at the Barkston Hotel was quite nice. it is very functional, close to all travel, (subway and access to Brit Rail) ,shopping, bank, boots drug store, food, bakeries, etc. We found the hotel basic, &amp; clean and met out needs. The buffet breakfast was well organized and exceeded our expectations. The front desk staff and the staff in general were prompt, professional and responsive to our needs.Our room was on the 6th floor - you should ask for a 6th floor room - the floors are &quot;creaky&quot;. Our room was clean and quite adequate - we were out most of the day and only spent time in the room at night. I will say that the furnishings in our room were a bit &quot;tired&quot; - the carpet and bed clothing need to be updated. The windows are old - but we could open them. We found the room warm and asked for another fan for the room - which was promptly delivered. Lots of hot water in the bathroom- very clean and modern. Lovely huge bathtub.A new elevator is being installed, however, we were never bothered by the noise - they started work around 10 am and finished by 5 pm. This hotel is basic but close to everything you need if you are out all day. Would recommend it and also would stay there again.	
Sep 30 2009 	Listen to the bad reviews - trust me this isn't a bearable cheap hotel	Seriously: you may see the bad reviews and think, &quot;They're just being prissy, but I'm a real traveler - I can handle a bit of old and in-need-of-renovation, I'm just going to be sleeping there.&quot;Do yourself a favour. Go onto Google: search &quot;barkston gardens cockroach&quot;, &quot;barkston gardens lice&quot;, &quot;barkston gardens bedbugs&quot;, &quot;barkston gardens scabbies&quot;, &quot;barkston gardens rats&quot; and &quot;barkston gardens pests&quot;It's not even that the rooms are that ugly - and don't get me wrong: they are ugly. For the price you're paying, it's unreasonable ugly. They're on par with hostels, but you're paying 65 pound a night for a single room. Mine had dead cockroaches in the bathroom. The &quot;bed&quot; is actually two couch things nailed together. It slants to one side and slowly dumps you out of bed.As for the location that everyone totes as being so convenient: Earls Court is not a nice part of town by any description. It's close enough to the airport, but to be honest, provided you can carry your bags or pay five quid for a cab, go to the Stratford Hotel Ibis. Yeah it's more expensive: but it's a hotel you can not dread coming back to.	
Sep 30 2009 	Not a bad word to say against this hotel!	I recently travelled to London with my friend, and we had booked this hotel upon recommendation of her family. When we arrived, the staff were decent, and we were told our room was on the ground floor, which we were happy with. The room was at the end of a maze of corridors, and I was most definitely pleasantly surprised with what awaited us. The room was meant to be a twin room, but it had a double bed, as well as a single. It was clean, quiet and comfortable. We managed to get an excellent deal on the room, so were delighted with the quality. The only small complaint that I would have was that the carpet was worn away in one place, but the next day it had been covered by a mat.Breakfast was included in our offer, and it was grand. Location of the hotel was excellent - Earl's Court is a lovely area. honestly have no complaints at all.	
Sep 24 2009 	Good location so-so hotel	Located two blocks from the Earl's Court tube station, the Barkston Gardens is a convenient place to stay for travelers in London. The hotel is clean and the staff at reception, especially Lorenza, is very helpful. The room itself is just basic lodging. There was a lot of closet space but few drawers for storage. The room was larger than most European hotel rooms but it could do with refurbishment. All in all, however, it wasn't a bad deal for the price (about $120 American) considering how expensive London is.	
Sep 22 2009 	Dirty 	Hotel was in a great location because it was a block away from the underground/tube BUT I couldn't take the disgusting room. We both got violently ill (although this could have been from food as well). The room. I don't even know where to begin. Dirt/grime (not stains) on curtains, windows, floors, coffee pot, everywhere in bathroom, baseboards, etc. I even found clipped pieces of wire in the bed. We asked to move rooms but the next one was even worse. I can take creaky floors, old everything (this hotel desperately needs an update), some dust and dirt but this is worse than any military barracks I have stayed in. This wouldn't even qualify as a one star in the US and the Heath Dept would have shut this hotel down.Looks are deceiving. The outside and lobby is gorgeous! We were so happy when we first arrived (until we saw our room). There is no way that the housekeepers vacuum, wash the curtains, dust, etc. I have no idea what they are being paid for except to change the sheets and I am not sure they were changed. If you are homeless, you will enjoy this hotel, especially the location. If you vacuum once a year or wash dishes twice a year, you will still find this place the most gross hotel you have encountered (depending on your room- 5th floor disgusting but so are the stairs throughout).Staff was pretty bad. There was only one nice one--a gentleman that was nice working at night. There was a snooty, skinny blonde (believe English) that wasn't boasting with cheer and an okay front desk clerk. This hotel ruined our perception of London.By the way, free internet but doesn't work on top floors!!!	
Sep 20 2009 	2 Star Hotel at absolute best no air-con and no service!	Stayed here for 4 nights in August '09 with my partner.Its a definite no-no to stay during summer as they have central heating in the hotel but no aircon whatsoever. There are also several rooms (like ours) located inbetween floors so you have to drag your suitcases up and down stairs to get to an elevator.Inside the actual room its the tiniest room I've ever seen with the smallest double bed in history, even 2 normal average people lying down on their backs with arms against their sides would be falling off the bed or be on top of each other! TV is 22cm dinosaur and the whole floor creaks and moans and theres no sound proofing at all.The only positive is the location, right next to Earls court tube stop which is a step free tube station so that's handy. Also the old gentleman in charge of the breakfast was excellent and the English cooked breakfast was very good as well.Staff barely spoke English, many were Spanish but in Spain could speak better English.Price isn't that high, but you definitely suffer for the lower price .. and at $65 a night (A$130~A$140) you really expect better.	
Sep 18 2009 	You'd have to be barking mad to stay at Barkston Gardens	Three star hotels are notoriously Dickensian in London and can't generally be relied upon as they can in Paris and other world capitols. We spent one night in a ground floor room of this &quot;hotel&quot; if it can be called that - it is more akin to an crumbling old rooming house than to a proper hotel. It wasn't very reassuring to find a rat trap under our bed and when we inquired of the gentleman at reception he couldn't garantee that we wouldn't have a rat as a third guest in the room. The hotel's pipes and wires come through un-insulated openings large enough to admit even the largest of vermin because the owners are too cheap to properly renovate this old carcass of a hotel with its rabbit warren like corridors. We were fortunately not visited by rats but, when we had to change rooms the second night due to a previously booked customer, we were shown the only room available - a basement room with a strong odor of mold. We naturally objected and found a proper room for only slightly more and slightly further out in a four star hotel. I don't know how hotels such as the Barkston Gardens gets away with it but no self-respecting guest should ever have to opt for a moldy room, even at $120 per night. It's insulting to be shown such a room and would certainly be unhealthy to have to stay in one. Only London could pass off such a disaster as the Barkston Gardens as a hotel. Any other city in Europe or the US would have it torn down as a health threat. Even four star hotels in London have to be carefully scrutinized by the hapless guest for cleanliness and lack of vermin. If the Barkston Gardens Hotel were a kennel, I would even have reservations about leaving my dog there as it is fit only for mad dogs and Englishmen with no self-respect.	
Sep 17 2009	avoid at all costs	Absolutley horrible. Run down, mildew and mold everywhere in bathroom. Staff simply didn't care. Free continental breakfast, barely adequate, but featured a most officious breakfast captain, who controlled the dining room. The hostel down the street is likely a better value and probably in bertter condition	
Sep 11 2009 	Excellent	We stayed at this hotel from 6th to 13th August in a double ensuite room (room number 422 on the 2nd floor). The room was quite spacious (if compared to what you usually get in London for £65) and the bathroom was big as well.At the time of booking we decided to have continental breakfast only, but you may also have your breakfast being served in your room if you pay a £2.5 extra. The staff was EXTREMELY polite and helpful. On Sunday morning breakfast is available from 8am, but we had to leave the hotel very early to participate in a day tour outside London. A member of the staff asked us what time we wanted to have breakfast and the day of the tour he proposed us to prepare our breakfast at 7am just to do us a favour. Excellent service and very helpful staff.In addition to this, the hotel's location is excellent: Earl's Court tube station is just a stone's throw (less than 200 metres); there you can decide whether to take a Districy/Circle or Piccadilly train to reach the city centre. In this area there are lots of restaurants and pubs which are open until late.That was the 4th time that I had stayed in a hotel in London and Barkston Gardens Hotel was the best one.I would recommend this hotel without hesitation.Abbiamo soggiornato al Barkston Gardens Hotel dal 6 al 13 di Agosto 2009 in una doppia con servizi in camera (stanza 422, al secondo piano con ascensore). La stanza era abbastanza larga, soprattutto se si considerano gli standard londinesi.Il nostro è stato un ottimo affare perché, prenotando con largo anticipo, abbiamo concordato la tariffa di 65£ a notte per camera con la colazione continentale compresa nel prezzo. Lo staff è stato decisamente gentile e a nostra completa disposizione. Visto che la domenica mattina la colazione viene servita a partire dalle 8 ma noi dovevamo partire per un tour molto presto, credevamo che quel giorno avremmo perso la nostra colazione. Un membro dello staff ci ha domandato a che ora avessimo bisogno di partire e ci ha proposto di scendere in sala colazioni all’ora desiderata anche se il servizio non era ancora ufficialmente disponibile. E’ stato molto gentile da parte sua, noi non avevamo insistito ma lui ha voluto farci questo piacere. Assolutamente apprezzabile.Per quanto riguarda la posizione dell’hotel, bisogna ammettere che è ottima: la stazione della metro di Earl’s Court è davvero a due passi, direi a meno di 200metri. La zona è tranquilla, piuttosto turistica e infatti ci sono molti pub, ristoranti, super e mini-market aperti anche fino a tardi.Questa è stata la nostra quarta volta a Londra in hotel di questa categoria e devo ammettere che il Barkston Gardens è stata una piacevole scoperta, il migliore rispetto a tutti quelli visitati fino al momento. Per concludere: ottima posizione, ottimo servizio, grande disponibilità, stanze sufficientemente spaziose, colazione o servizio in camera fino alle 11 di sera(con il supplemento di 2.50£ a camera), buona la colazione, eccellente rapporto qualità/prezzo.Vi torneremo sicuramente.Consiglio questo hotel senza esitazioni!	
Aug 18 2009 	TERRIBLE customer service rude staff	We had booked a four night stay at this hotel via HRS, but decided over a week in advance that we wanted to go to the countryside on the third night (wishing to retain nights 1, 2 and 4).HRS does not allow you to amemd your booking to drop a ´middle´ night, so we called the hotel directly from abroad (at some expense!!!!)The receptionist advised us that we would have to re-book the fourth night at 20 pounds higher per night than the rate we had locked in via HRS!!! She spoke heavily accented english which we could barely understand, and was incredibly rude (at one point calling us stupid). And an email to the manager still has no response 48 hours later.... BEWARE!!!!	
Jul 29 2009 	Great location on a budget	My husband and I stayed at Barkston Gardens the end of April. Fairly large room with double bed and large bathroom. Very nice for cheap price - bigger than expected. Included breakfast which was perfect to start the day. Staff were helpful and polite. The location is the best if you can't afford to stay in central London. Right on the Piccadily Line at Earl's Court tube station - you are the last stop in Zone 1. It is a great neighbourhood to retreat to after an evening seeing the sights. Also excellent for taking the Tube to Heathrow airport - 5 minutes from Tube station.	
Jul 25 2009 	Still A Good Hotel But!!!	Once again we stayed at this hotel, for ease of travel it could not be better, value for money was excellent, a large double room for £60 pn, (booked through expedia) in the heart of London has got to be a good deal.we like to stay on the top floor (6th) as the floorboards are still squeaking and no one above to annoy you.Still a problem with hot water but enough to get a good wash, though the shower on occassions was slower.Wrote to the hotel last year about new windows as still using the old wooden sash type but noticed that they were still the same.apart from this it ios a little gem and well worth it, after all you only need a bed at night and could not find them more comfortable.	
Jul 20 2009 	Great location good value	Basic budget hotel. Fab location, just a few yards from Earls Court Tube station. Creaky floors, little insulation (we ended up with room 308 - a bit more secluded than most others). They were doing a bit of work on the electrical wires when we arrived and our room had two electricians in it upon arrival, but seconds later we where on out way to another (and a bit larger) room.A bit tired but clean and nice. Perfect when travelling to/from London via Heathrow. And at £60 a night it was well worth it.Hotel also has a luggage room for late depratures (like ours).Didn't try the breakfast as we opted to eat at a nearby pub, The Courtfield - cooked English breakfast from $4.99.	
Jul 1 2009 	average stay	I stayed in London at this hotel from June the 2nd to June 5th on my way to Athens...Hotel is close to Earls Court station so easy to access from Heathrow..had asked a single room but had a double room though did not like the beds at all found them uncomfortable...very hot when in London and the room was unbearable due to hot weather..i did not see any fan in the room, guess should have asked for it...rooms were spacey by London values but basic and tired . Lobby is good and welcoming, breakfast continental and was included but nothing special about it, though for me it was enough.I did not find it very clean and that made me kind of uneasy.Staff except one dark brown hair one who was nice the rest were totally average in being helpful and in their customer service. I guess for the price i paid it was good but overall i do not like the Earls court area and prefer Knights Bridge so far, was on a budget this time , have decided to try a new area each time in London...will stay there only if it is a short stay and not during the summer and if i do not find a better one.	
Jun 26 2009 	No value for money	The rooms were hot, no air conditioning or fans, no bar fridge. Furniture was old and falling apart. Had kettle but no lead. Bed cover and carpets were dirty. Had to keep asking where bar staff were when you wanted a drink. Only served breakfast - no other meals as dining room semi closed.	
Jun 21 2009 	we found a cockroach in our bed. do not stay in the basement.	this hotel was good value for london and in a great location. initially, we stayed in a sixth floor room which was fine, but on the second to last night we were moved to a basement room (long story) and in the morning found a COCKROACH in our bed. IN THE BED!! i can only imagine it crawled under the covers with us some time during the night!! we freaked, were moved to the sixth floor, and no more cockroaches. but DO NOT stay in the basement. COCKROACHES!	
Jun 20 2009 	excellent value close to tube station really clean	close to tube station,was really easy to find. first impressions from outside was ok but lobby was nice and spacious. We found all the staff really nice and helpful. Our room was small but it was just enough space as we were gone most of the day anyway. Initally the room was warm when we arrived but the fan cooled the room down in no time at all. Our room was really clean and we had maid service and towel change every day. Only thing we weren't really keen on was the continental breckfast appart from that everything was great When we checked out there was a luggage room provided so we could collect it later. It was in a quiet area so it was easy to sleep. appart from the odd noisy guest in the hotel itself.	
Jun 12 2009 	Tired and Tatty Room	The location for our visit was good. Easy walking distance from tube - though not a great help as there was a tube strike on our second and third day. Reception staff very pleasant and helpful allowed us to check in before time. Our room on the top floor, though large was very gloomy and had no ventilation. There was a small portable fan and the window was broken. The reception area and breakfast area were bright and cheerful. Breakfast was adequate.	
May 28 2009 	Close to train station and great breakfast	This hotel is a short walk from Earls Court train station. We used the underground from this station to travel around London. There are a number of small shops on the way to the station where you can buy snacks and also places to eat. There is a park across the road as others have mentioned but access if by key and limited to the local residents.The hotel is old and worn with thin walls and small rooms, but you would have to pay a lot more probably to get something better. The breakfast was very nice with plenty to eat. Despite being around the corner from a pub it was very quiet.	
May 26 2009 	It was ok nothing spectacular.	Fodor's recommended this budget hotel and from the photos on TA, I thought it would be great for the $150 I was paying considering everything else I could find in a nice area of London was $200 or more for 3 adults (myself and my 19 and 21 year old). The Barkston is an old quirky hotel...it was like walking through a maze getting to our room because of all the closed fired doors and listening to the floor creak, but yet it brought you back in time so I didn't really mind that. But there is no air conditioning so I wouldn't stay here in the summer. We had a bottom floor room facing the street so leaving the window open (and only one window opens about 5 inches) made me a little nervous but it was way too hot otherwise and we were there May 15 when the night temperature was in the 60's. A small fan provided helped, but I know it would probably be miserable if it was any hotter outside. And I was a little disappointed that we didn't get a room in the building over the court as pictured. The Barkston is actually on two sides of the street. The one side where you check in, is a pretty white building and then across the street is the huge red brick courtyard building that's in the photos.Convenience to the tube is excellent. As soon as you exit Earl's Court tube, turn right. Barkston Gardens is either the first or second street you see. There are no street signs, you must look on the corners of the buildings for the street names....and not all corners have them (unfortunately for the lost) but Barkston Gardens is named.The family room we had was a good size room with high ceilings. The single and double bed were comfortable enough but they had set up a pull out couch bed that my daughter slept in. She said it was ok but when I sat on it, I felt it was awful....sinking in the center and lumpy mattress. The staff overall were excellent. Very friendly and helpful. Only one lady should be fired. She was a 30ish blond women with glasses at the front desk upon our check in. She was cool towards us which I don't care, but I watched as she was downright rude to her co-worker and while the co-worker was trying to assist an Asian women who was struggling with english, she told the co-worker to just charge the woman, knowing the foreign lady could not understand that she was going to be charged. When the foreign lady was trying to question or understand, the blond woman shoved our key to us (basically we were dismissed), raised her voice and started berating the Asian woman. Later on when we were leaving, I mentioned to her that the toilet in our room didn't flush. She made a face and said she would send someone to fix it. When we got back 8 hours later, it was clear no one ever came or was in our room. The next morning, a gentleman was behind the desk and I again mentioned the toilet. Because they are old, you have to pump the water in to flush it. He explained to me how to do it and the problem was solved.The continental breakfast was ok....cereal, croissants, toast, ham and cheeses. Continental was included in our price but I wouldn't have paid for it otherwise.We were only in London for 2 days so the Barkston was satisfactory. If we had to stay longer, I'm not sure this would be my choice and I've never been to London before so maybe this is typical.	
May 3 2009 	Pleasantly surprised.	I spent a Saturday night here and was pleasantly surprised by this hotel. I wasn't expecting much due to the price &amp; location (which were both very good), but this hotel has everything you need. Yes, decor was generally a bit tired, but if you want sparkling new &amp; modern you will have to pay more. Service was good, I actually booked a single room, but they gave me a double - I guess because it was available, which was good of them as it wasn't necessary. Sheets were clean, bathroom was clean and location was lovely - overlooking a small park and off the main road so was really quiet for central London - and on a Saturday night, so I was expecting the worst. Literally 1 min walk to earls court tube. One not so good thing - even though it was only 20C outside the room was very warm, even with the windows open. However, a free standing fan is provided - another unexpected touch, so this quickly reduced the room temperture, and it ran quietly, so I left it on overnight. However, I don't think this would be a comfortable place to stay in he height of summer. Overall though I would defintely use it again if I needed to stay in a central location in London that was good value for money. Oh yes, and checkout is 12noon - so no rush to leave, which is a bonus if the night before was spent in Soho!	
May 2 2009 	value for money!	What a find! Clean, handsome, well-run hotel in London for about 80 GBP ($120) a night. The rooms are spacious (for London) and bright. Bathroom was big and newly refurbished, and the shower was great. Our room, #206, led to an almost-private courtyard. The hotel is about a 3-minute walk from Earl's Court tube, which gives easy access to everywhere (including Heathrow), and is across the street from a park. Breakfast is available, and there is a small bar in the hotel. Wireless Internet was reliable, even in our room. Staff were accessible and friendly. This was just great.	
Apr 14 2009 	Great location... sour finish	You can't ask for better in regards to location. We spent four nights at the end of March. You also get a decent sized room and bathroom for the price you pay. Unfortunately, the shower was awful and almost unusable, we ended up having to be creative to not burn or freeze. The cooked breakfast was really greasy (deep fried everything) and definitely not recommended. We changed our mind on the last day and ordered only the continental breakfast (which we were told was fine), however, they charged us for two cooked breakfast anyways. When we mentioned it, the man who said he was the day manager was very rude and refused to change our bill before he charged our credit card. When I emailed the main manager, she replied that we would have had to cancel our room booking while at the hotel and then rebook in order not to be charged the extra amount!	
Apr 1 2009 	Nice hotel - Great location. Would definitely stay again.	Stayed there for 3 nights in Feb-March 08'. Was recommended to stay there by a friend and wasn't disappointed. Nothing can beat the location, a couple of minutes away from the tube station, from which I did most of my trips around the city. There is also a Tesco store, a pharmacy and a Burger King just across the road. Had a view of a lovely garden just outside the window.Room was fairly small but cosy and heated, clean and neat. The shower stream was lacking a bit of life, though it was told on an info sheet inside the lift that it was due to maintenance in the water system, although they did say it would affect the water stream between 5-7 am, and in my room at least, it lasted all day.All in all, was worth the price and what you would expect from a 3 star hotel. Would definitely be coming back.	
Mar 25 2009 	Amazing Location Soured by Old Dingy Feel	We stayed at the Barkston Garden Hotel for three days on our recent trip to London. The location cannot be beat - about a 2 minute walk from the underground station. It's in a great little neighborhood with a grocery store, pharmacy, and a lot of restaurants around for entertainment. The hotel has a cute walk-up, and is well-lit with friendly front desk staff. There is free wi-fi available throughout the hotel if you have a laptop, which was a huge bonus for us.It has been said before, but this is definitely a case of you get what you pay for. The first thing I noticed was that when we walked into our room (which was at the end of a long hall with zero lights), the floor creaked. EVERYWHERE. There wasn't one spot in the small room that didn't make noise when you walked around, which I'm sure irritated the people below us. The bathroom was quite large, but the showerhead was a miser with water. We froze every time we showered because the water wouldn't come out fast enough, so by the last day, I had resorted to washing my hair under the running tap.We considered the room fine, because we weren't expecting much, but even so, I wouldn't stay here again. I will definitely pay more and upgrade my experience.	
Mar 23 2009 	Great location	Me and and two friends stayed here friday to sunday - this hotel is great location for underground and lots of places to eat and drink in earls court. The room was clean, the beds were good although I had the sofa bed - not comfy at all but I slept so was okay. Bathroom was large - we had hot water which was good but the shower sprayed water all over the floor - but we didn't care coz we had hot water was the main thing and it was fast hot water. The manager was very friendly when we came for continental breakfast. Staff are friendly. I would recommend this hotel.	
Mar 22 2009 	Got what you paid for...	Me and my Fiance stayed in the Barkston for 2 nights in March. We paid £50 per night for the room. Our room was number 304. On arrival, my fiance noticed when you opened the `patio` door/window, when you shut it, it wouldn't lock, and was easy to pull or push open. Not great considering there was no safe in the room, and on check in we were not offered a safe. It was very annoying when we checked out, I commented on the room and about the spring sticking out of the mattress and everything else, and all the man did was scribbled it down on a peice of paper and just said `ok` when I finished.NO SORRY about that, and thankyou for letting us know.Anyway, we left the hotel and went out. When we came back I got into bed, and felt a sharp pain in my leg, when I looked, I saw a spring that was stuck out of the mattress on the left side of the bed. It was stuck out about two inches, and had caught my leg. Because of the time I just pushed the spring back into the mattress and covered it over with the sheet. When we woke in the morning, we ran the tap for a bath, and had NO hot water. We had reasonably hot water on an evening, but NONE in a morning. Another couple of picky things were the walls are like paper-like some of the reviews said you can hear everything that goes on above you, and the decor is very dated, but this didnt bother us. The pipes to the radiator were exposed-the radiator didnt work, and had two portable radiators in the room, along with a fan, kettle, very old hair dryer, drop down ironing board and old iron (didnt use any of these)The shower head was an old metal one...the tiles around the bathroom could of done with a good clean, and when I had my first bath, I had to wash the bath out as there were `body hair` in the bath.The good points to this hotel though, were that you got a television in your room with about 10 channels on it, you got a sofa bed as well as a bed and plenty of pillows and bedding, you had a desk with a full length mirror, a wardrobe, kettle and tea/coffee and sugar with two packs of biscuits, room service every morning and clean towels, free internet in the bar downstairs, and the lager looked lively!!The breakfast in a morning was ok, not a big fan, it was a continental breakfast, croissants were hard, toast was cold.People that worked there weren't english-but this is very comman in London. Would not stay here again, have learnt that it pays to pay more when it comes to your accommodation. Area was good and central, a bit rough but....you can't have everything!!	
Mar 9 2009 	Good For the Cost	The selection of this hotel for our stay in London was based on cost and location (its within a 2 minute walk of Earls Court Underground) and the cost averaged £55 per night.The staff were friendly and helpful during our stay. The room was available to us despite arriving a little early and the check in/out was fast.The room itself was larger that others we've stayed in, in the area. The decor is showing signs of wear and is probably due a revamp. The window is our room didn't lock although it opened onto a flat roof. There were some extras (a floor standing fax, trouser press etc) that lead to the room seeming cluttered. The bathroom was large athough the shower head kept sliding down the height adustment bracket.Free wifi in the hotel bar was a plus with free newspapers available with breakfast. We had a continental breakfast included in the room rate and we found it good enough to set us up for the day (cereal, OJ, tex, coffee, toast, rolls, yogurts, ham, chess and fruit)I would stay here again	
Feb 25 2009 	Decent hotel with some pros and cons	We stayed in the Barkston Gardens hotel for three nights in late february for 60 euros a night, which is a good deal for a hotel in central London. The hotel had pros and cons:Pros:* Location; just 200 metres from Earl's Court tube, which is on the Picadilly and District Line.* free continental breakfast with fresh croissants and rolls* Comfortable bed (but it was small)* Decent bathroom with a lot of space, hot water and good water pressure.* Computer with free use of internet in the lobby and free wifi (when it's working... see cons)Cons:* The room was very hot. We had to sleep without any blankets. I think it was at least 25C in the room, may have been more.* The creaky floors. We could hear the people above us walking around the room and were annoyed by our own creaky floor* The showerhead could use some cleaning!* Very slow elevator, we used the stairs instead.* The wi fi internet wasn't available on the first two days we were thereAll in all we had a nice stay and would recommend this hotel for anyone who is travelling on a budget! Just don't expect luxury and dress lightly!	
Feb 18 2009 	Location is great...Hotel is not.	I live in Chicago and am no stranger to tired buildings but this one needs to be retired. The place looked old and worn out but I thought it was at least clean...until the cockroach crawled across the floor. I am sure everybody will not have this same experience but after checking in and dropping off our luggage we left to go check out the neighborhood. When we returned back to the hotel we found that our key did not work nor did the other 3 keys that were made for us at the front desk. It ended up that the hotel maintenance was not able to get our door open until the next morning at about 11am and our luggage was still in the room. We were put up at their sister hotel and given free cab fare to and from there. Seeing as we did not have any of our luggage and were locked out of our room for roughly 14 hours it was a major inconvenience and I really do not think the situation was handled very well.It has been a while but I think they did not even comp that night and were given the excuse that they couldn't because we booked through Expedia. If you stay here keep an open mind and make sure you bring a sense of humor. (you will need it) Also, don't take any room on the 1st floor...it is the basement...and from my experience that is where the cockroaches live. Last but not least, know that you get what you pay for. Good luck and enjoy your vacation!	
Feb 15 2009 	Cheap 	Booked this hotel through Alpharooms we had a 3 night stay for £160 for the both of us. Hotel is very near Earls Court tube station and shops and pubs but we did not hear any noise at night time. The room we had was done is stairs and was quite gloomy, the heating was not working but they had gave us a small heater which took the chill out of the room and we only had hot water one day, other two days the water was tepid think you have to watch what time you have your shower get up early but it had good pressure to it. The hotel is clean but a bit dated we had clean towels every day and the breakfast was ok.We were hardly every in our room so we were not bothered about the down sides. I would recommend this hotel if you are looking for a cheap break in London. Gave above average for the price.	
Feb 1 2009 	Good Budget Hotel for London	Location is definitely a great selling point for this hotel - just off Earls Court Road, which is full of places to eat and a very quick walk to the tube. Nevertheless, our room was very quiet, overlooking the residences that back onto the rear of the hotel. The staff were friendly and helpful, allowing us to check-in two hours early without charge. I'll be honest - when I visit London I don't spend too much time in the hotel and this is fine for crashing out at the end of the day. Beds were comfortable and the room itself was of a good size and clean. The bathroom would have benefited from a little refurbishment work but was perfectly acceptable. I cannot comment on breakfast as I always ate outside the hotel. Note: no evening meals are now being served. Only downside to our stay was the lift. It proved increasingly difficult to call and by the last day had given up completely. We left the engineers to it and walked down the stairs. Could happen anywhere but it did seem that this event wasn't too unusual. May not be great for those with limited mobility. Don't expect 5* comfort here but for a brief visit to London on a budget, it's fine. I would recommend the hotel for budget conscious travellers who do not spend too much time at the hotel. If you're looking for luxury, it may not be the place for you. For the value, it gets four stars.	
Dec 19 2008 	Enjoyed staying there	I spent three nights in the Barkston Gardens Hotel in mid-December. The hotel web page itself seems to be the cheapest way to book a room. I am used to travelling on a budget, and I also stayed at other Earl's Court hotels before. All in all, this hotel turned out to be my best choice in the area so far. I really enjoyed my stay at Barkston Gardens very much. First of all, as many others have already noted, the location is excellent - very (!) close to Earl's Court Tube station but nevertheless in a quiet street. Besides the many small surrounding shops and pubs, there is also a huge Sainsbury's at just a few minutes distance at Cromwell Road.Though others have criticized that the hotel might benefit from refurbishment, I found my room as well as the public area very clean, charming and cozy. The high ceilings, the big windows and the light and warm colours clearly contributed to this impression. The bed was really huge and comfortable, and the whole room was large for a London hotel. Though the heating was a bit difficult to regulate, room temperature was pleasant. There were, however, a few points that might be problematic for travellers who are used to higher standards, though they didn't bother me that much. As was also already mentioned before, water pressure could have been better, though the temperature was warm enough. Moreover, for some reason, the fire alarm turned on a few times in the middle of my first night. Finally, as this is an old building, floors tend to be rather noisy, so it might be a good idea to use earplugs in the night.Hotel reception staff was ok, though they could have been a little bit more concerned. Breakfast was a rather hectic experience - though I'm convinced that the staff wanted to make everything perfect, they could have been a bit more relaxed. The continental breakfast was included in the price and was really good. In sum, I really liked the place, as it is such a nice house with comfortable rooms in a great location. I will definitely try to stay there again at my next visit to London.	
Dec 2 2008 	Competitive price for a comfortable hotel	Pros:- 50 mt from Earl's Court station;- quiet zone, with fast food and restaurants in the immediate nearby;- comfortable bed with two pillows (and I am 1.90mt high);- very good price: I paid 50 pounds/day.- clean bathroom and room;- free wifi;Neutral:- breakfast;- very hot, I cannot stay fully dressed in my room;Cons:- noisy floor, especially from the above floor;	
Nov 28 2008 	lived up to the reviews	As a traveller on a budget I rely heavily on Trip Advisor reviews when it comes to booking accomodation. Once again I have found a hotel which (perhaps because of realistic expectations) has not dissapointed.Yes it is a little tired (especially in the corridors) and a lick of paint would do no harm. Yes the floors creaked and as an added extra during my one week stay the fire alarm went off for no apparent reason a number of times ... including memorably once at 1am !!BUT ...... The room I was allocated was clean, the bedding (and importantly the bed itself) was in good order. The bathroom was well maintained and while I did have a shower over the bath i also had a bath large enough to have a proper bath in .. and I had no problems with lack of hot water.The staff were very helpful .... starting with reception who, even though I arrived at 10am were happy for me to check in and go straight to my room. Gus and his team made sure that the breakfast rush was well managed and the cooked breakfast was fine.The hotel is well located and when I compared its prices with others that I investigated  gives value for money.	
Nov 27 2008 	To some extent then - the luck of the draw	In London with my work - stayed at this hotel, Monday with a check out Friday morning, on two consecutive weeks. Overall impressions: Staff were friendly and accommodating. The hotel is tired but the bedding and towels in the rooms are clean and in good order. On both my visits I was located at the front of the building overlooking what must be, The Barkston Gardens. The hotel is just around the corner from the Earls Court tube, (Earls Court Road end). I like to sleep with the window open, and the noise from the Earls Court Road was always present and can be really loud at times. Breakfast was provided, staff friendly - but the fare was so totally bland I only tried it the once. First week: small single room – cosy, on the fourth floor. Cubicle shower, quite adequate, but hot water is something that appears to be provided only at certain times during any 24-hour period . The central heating works fine and can be turned up and down to suit; so if you like it cooler when you go to bed, as I do, then you’re catered for. Nice touch: tea coffee making facility provided and the staff did keep this topped up. Second week: larger room on the sixth floor. Shower over bath – and I can only guess that due to insufficient water pressure at this altitude was the reason I had to run around under the shower in order to get wet – didn’t really matter though as hot water barely managed to get up there. When in the room I noted that from the state of my bare black feet, that the carpet was due a clean - could have really used that hot water.To some extent then, clearly a case of the luck of the draw in The Barkston. Although I have returned to London for subsequent weeks I’ve relocated to another hotel for a similar price and overall I’m happier there.	
Nov 6 2008 	Cheap but a bit of a dump	This hotel is in a pretty good location, on a side street off Earls' Court Road, overlooking a garden area. It is very convenient for the Earls' Court tube station. The traffic and people on the main road are audible but with the windows shut just about bearable (ear plugs might be a good move though). The noise does continue fairly late though.The hotel is pretty grubby-looking (paintwork etc desperately needs attention) which makes you feel that it is not very clean, although in reality the sheets and bathroom seemed fine. It's ok if you're on a budget and willing to tolerate it, but not ideal.My main gripe was the temperature of the room. I visited in November and for some reason the room was absolutely boiling hot. I arrived about 10pm and opened the windows immediately, in the hope that it would cool down before I wanted to go to sleep. The radiator had evidently been on but was off by that time and there seemed to be no other way to control the temperature. Unfortunately it remained extremely hot all through the night, forcing me to leave the windows and curtains wide open to try and get as much air as possible, and even then I only got a few hours' sleep. I do not think this is normal for November, especially considering that I generally get cold easily!I will definitely not be returning.	
Nov 2 2008 	positionposition	this hotel is a typically old London hotel with acceptable service and good breakfast - though it can get a little crowded.However the position is great - a side street off Earl's Court Road facing leafy private gardens.The tube is a five minute walk and offers a quick direct ride from Heathrow being on the Piccadilly line which then offers you an ideal base to all the attractions of London.Get an Oyster card before you leave for use on the tube from Heathrow and then yse it for the rest of your stay.It's so easy and much cheaper than single tickets.Avoid eating at the pubs in Earl's Court - check out the little restaurants down some of the side streets .	
Nov 2 2008	perfect location	all reviews i read before booking this hotel were right. the hotel is a perfect location with subway only about 2 mins away. only complaint and it very small was that lift so slow. would highly recommend it to anyone going to london just for holiday. willie waterford ireland.	
Oct 22 2008 	Convenient location-close to tube	I picked this hotel as I needed to stay in the Earls Court area and wanted to be near the tube so I wouldn't have to drag my suitcase very far. This hotel is ideally situated.Check in was efficient and friendy. I was on the 4th floor - there is a lift. My room was at the back and was very quiet. The room was clean, tidy and cosy. A hospitality tray was provided with a kettle, tea, coffee and 2 packs of biscuits. There was a trouser press, chest of drawers and a small wardrobe with approx 6 hangers.There was a TV - old but works fine for the main 5 channels.The bathroom was fine - shower over the bath. Plenty of towels and a little basket containing soap, shower cap, sewing kit and shoe shine pad. There was a large container of shower gel mounted on the wall above the bath,.Continental breakfast was included in my room rate. The breakfast room was very busy - it was a Sunday morning - but I got a table without trouble. The choice of breakfast items was fine. Different cereals, tinned fruit including prunes, slices of ham and cheese, croissants and fresh rolls ( which were lovely) toast, yoghurt, tea and coffee. The staff were very efficient in clearing tables etc.If required there are plenty of places to eat in Earls Court Road which is a minutes walk from the hotel - restaurants, takeaways, coffee shops, pubs, grocery shops etc. I needed to leave my luggage at the hotel after check out time and this was no problem as they have a secure luggage room.All in all I had a good stay at this reasonably priced hotel and I would certainly stay there again when I am next in London.	
Oct 19 2008 	This wonderful hotel seems to generate very mixed reviews.	It was only with great trepidation that I took a chance that the guests who had loved this hotel were more precise than those who hated it. I was travelling with a good friend who expects good accommodations and who is probably used to spending more than what I am willing to spend.I booked this room as part of a package through Air Canada vacations. They had the best deal for a direct flight from Ottawa and had the flexibility to book for the exact number of days we needed to be in London.Our check-in and check out were efficient, they had a safety deposit box for our valuables. They also had plug adaptors at the front desk for a small deposit so I could plug my laptop and camera into the 240 volt mains power. (check to ensure that you have a switch able 110 - 240 volt power supply) My bedside lamp died one morning and when the problem was reported to the front desk they came right up with a box of assorted lamps, one which corrected the problem.Our room on level 4 faced the back courtyard - not a very pretty view but very quiet. We had a large bedroom with a comfortable king-sized bed with sufficient room to move about in and plenty of storage space. The room and bathroom were approximately twice the size of similar priced accommodations I have had in Paris.There have been comments about the television reception - about the 5 available channels and the old TV’s - but we could get the BBC for the news and who needs anything else. The room also has wireless internet (slow), an iron and ironing board and a hair dryer. The bathroom was enormous with a large tub and shower with an unlimited supply of hot water though the shower was tricky and it took a little time to determine how it worked.Our room was super clean with very cosy towels and sheets We had pre-paid for the continental buffet breakfast as part of our package deal. There seems to be a lot of complaints about the breakfasts but I don’t know what the complainers are talking about. Every morning our breakfast included an assortment of juices; coffee (the English have difficulty making palatable coffee) and tea; prunes, grapefruit and orange slices or peaches; sliced ham and cheese; toast and jams. The full English breakfast is an additional 4.50 pounds. Granted this isn’t what I normally eat for breakfast but the variety and quantity of the food offered was very reasonable considering the cost. On a few occasions we had to wait for about 5 minutes for a seat in the welcoming and bright breakfast room. The service was efficient and friendly. The hotel is located about a three minute walk from Earl’s Court - There is terrific local connections to the tube and buses run frequently a few steps away. We found a number of local restaurants, Chinese, Indian and French which were both inexpensive and excellent just around the corner on Earl’s Court Road, Earl’s Court Gardens, Hogarth Place and Kenway Road. In closing I found the staff helpful and their English skills were adequate to their tasks.	
Oct 19 2008 	Dump	Cracky floors, very diry carpets, walls in need of paint, dirty bed sheets, water pressure problems at the bathroom. Overall, if you can book this hotel for around 40GBP its a fair deal. The facility is very below average. Not worth trying to save the extra bucks. My travel partner's room was worse and he encountered rouches!!!	
Oct 13 2008 	what a gem	This was my second stay at the Barkston Gardens, having stayed in May 08 also. The reason i returned was because it was such a great stay the first time round i thought it must be a fluke.It wasnt, the hotel is a little worn and could do with a little decor TLC however it is clean, the staff are friendly, the rooms are a good size and it is so advantageously situated for travel with both underground, road links and within walking distance (25mins) from some of the museums through some of londons most affulent and beguiling architecture. Also you can simply fall out of the hotel and you are eating out in any number of restaurants you simply couldnt ask for more.Another 10/10 from me and a definate promise to return.A well priced gem in the heart of London.	
Sep 26 2008 	Nice LocationMismanaged Hotel	This is actually a very nice location if you want to stay in central london but i have not seen a hotel that has such an advantage but has been so poorly managed.Rooms were dirty,old paint on all the walls,bathroom dirty....am planning to visit london again...i will give you the latest update about this hotel.Frank[---]	
Aug 29 2008 	Itchy few days!	I booked this hotel as a 40th Birthday surprise and emailed the hotel advising it was a 40th but got no reply....perhaps I was hoping for to much! Arrived, checked in and all ok, had asked for joining rooms as we have 2 young children and got rooms on different floors which makes sharing the shampoo and toothpaste a cardiac workout! Rooms are basic, only 5 channels on TV but you are in London so TV is not a priority. After 1st night I noticed bite marks from insects on my arms, checked the beds and found....what we think were bed bugs, now I am home and checked on the net I am convinced! In fact I am still itching now!Rooms get very warm, our windows looked onto the back, into private homes so make sure your curtains are closed. The floors creak but it is old.Breakfast is very very simple. Its not even what I would class a continental breakfast which is what it was advised as. You get a pot of Tea, Coffee or Chocolate. 3 Rounds of toast (4 people), the &quot;buffet&quot; is a plate of cheese slices, ham slices, buns, yoghurts, fruit (tinned) and cereal...(how old??). The staff are all foreign, If you need help getting to places ask at the tube, they are very helpful. Bar is for the dead or elderly only, the lady serving spent the hour glaring at us as we only got 1 round!So I think thats it, we will not be staying there again...its cheap (ish) not cheerful and very basic....and with bed bugs!	
Aug 23 2008 	Cockroach towers	Well, great location, just a shame about the cockroaches! Two of us stayed here for 3 nights (each booked singles) and by the end of our stay we had slept in 5 rooms. Our first single rooms were rather grimy and at about midnight the cockroaches came out! We were given insect spray and then moved; my new room (admittedly it was the only room available and was not meant to be used due to a maintenance problem) had a sink and bath that did not drain. My colleagues room was OK, but for some reason she was moved again, this time to a room without a working shower!. Our biggest gripe apart from the additional guests in our initial rooms was the general cleanliness; during our entire stay it did not appear that the stairwells and corridors were vacuumed, with food crumbs trampled into the carpet...no wonder the cockroaches enjoyed their stay!	
Aug 20 2008 	Good location average hotel	This hotel is strictly average. The size of the room you're in is hit or miss, so be a little fussy while checking in. The rooms have all the basic amenities and are reasonable clean and comfortable.Breakfast is usually included and is adequate, but nothing fancy. Don't bother with room service or the hotel restaurant, there's plenty of options for food and drink nearby that are far better. Staff are rather stoic and don't speak English very well.The advantage of picking this hotel is its location--it's a stone's throw from Earl's Court station on the Picadilly Line, so getting to the hotel from Heathrow Airport is quite easy. And once you're there, the proximity to the Tube station makes it quite easy to get to other parts of London you want to go.	
Aug 6 2008 	Complete Satisfaction	Excellent Hotel, main is Room and Bed Size Confort and cleanness is Important, Everythig is all right, stay there and Happy and Enjoyble Trip! NICE!!	
Jul 20 2008	Worst Hotel we have ever stayed at please look elsewhere!!!!	First of all the hotel receptionist didn't have a clue and she didn't care one single bit....My husband and I and our two young daughters had to get two rooms and we asked for rooms next to each other or even on the same floor...one room was on level 5 and the other one was level 2 near the basement...you had to pass 4 fire exits with all your luggage....we tried telling them we had to have two rooms close together as we had organised it months ago but they didn't care!!!It only gets worse, the room on the 5th floor, i was sure that the room was going to collapse as the floor creaked every time you moved...you could not sleep at all as who the hell knows what the people above us were doing all night, it was so noisy from the creaking that we had a terrible sleepless night...The room we had down on level 2 was freezing...the carpet smelled like it hadn't been cleaned for 5 years...The bed was hard as a rock, we would have been better off sleeping on the road and im not joking!!The breakfast maitre'd, did not give you a chance to sit down before he shouted at you whether you wanted tea or coffee!! Not much selection at breakfast at all and the staff at breakfast were so ARROGANT!! I have never seen anything like this before in my life. Not one of them had a smile on their face!! It really put a damper on our trip and we will be definitely telling everyone we know not to stay there!!!The only one good thing about that hotel was the location but at the time we stayed there there was a burst water main around the area so there were a few buses operating which made it hard...I hope this helps you and if you really want to have a good stay in London please don't stay at this hotel!!	
Jul 12 2008 	Loved the King Tut exhibition	Stayed here for one night. Hotel was clean, but the room we stayed in was a bit on the small side and the carpet a bit shabby.It was continental breakfast but not much choice. Overall though it was not far from the underground and would consider it to be a reasonable hotel for the price paid.	
Jul 5 2008 	Convenient Quiet Location	Our family of 3 stayed at the Barkston Gardens Hotel for 5 nights. Having previously traveled in Europe, we're aware that the standards in European budget hotels are not the same as are expected routinely by US hotel guests. The last time we stayed in London, the room was only slightly larger than our single double bed.Our family room was spacious and comfortable, allowing us to move around without tripping over each other or our suitcases. Yes the carpet is worn, and (as expected) the floor was very squeaky, but the street outside was quiet at night, and we loved having a view of the gardens across the street.The continental breakfast had enough variety that you didn't have to eat exactly the same thing every day, but it gave you a good start for your day and the breakfast room was sunny and pleasant. We loved the convenience of being so close to the tube stop, and thought that the prices on the nearby restaurants were more reasonable than those in Central London. We ate at Dino's and the Little French Restaurant.We would stay here the next time we visit London	
Jun 2 2008 	Value for money !!	We booked this hotel as we were staying in London on a budget and were looking for a hotel near central London. We had booked the full English for breakfast and found this to be good value and there was plenty to eat, along with the continental on offer was enough to set you up for the day. The staff were poliet and friendly enough. We booked a double room and were pleasantly surprised to find 3 double beds in our room along with a massive bathroom, all clean. The hotel is clean but if anything could do with a spruce up here and there. In all if you want to stay in central London for less than £80 this is the hotel for you. We will certainly stay here in future.	
May 25 2008 	Good value	The hotel is conveniently located near to Earls Court tube station - convenient access from Heathrow. Eating places, launderette and pharmacy are nearby. Staff were friendly and helpful. Has a comfortable lounge and bar. Room and bathroom were adequate size. Continental breakfast was plain but ample. Is in the London traffic congestion zone and has no parking. I would stay there again.	
May 23 2008 	Cut Your Expections in Half	It is often said you get what you pay for...and this is true about this hotel. While the U.S. Dollar is at a low point in value, many Americans still want to travel to London; but, usually look for hotels is a price range that fit their wallet. That was my situation and how I ended up staying at this hotel for four nights.The hotel is fairly well worn and the lobby is nothing special. The outside look of the hotel is better that its inside. The hotel is made up of a series of old Victorian homes and the narrow corridors with multiple fire doors makes navigating these halls very difficult when you have luggage in tow.The hotel's location is good, being just a short walk from the Earls Court tube station. There is a wide range of eateries, including fast food, in the neighborhood.Do not go to this hotel expecting a range of services...there are barely any. The WIFI service only works in the lobby so if you are traveling on business, I would hesitate to recommend this property to you.The TV reception in my room was like watching a blizzard on a tiny set. While the room was basic and clean, I regret the front desk staff were lacking in skills on how to be friendly. To rate this hotel two stars is a bit of a stretch. I have stayed in Motel 6's that are far superior to this property. I have learned my lesson, cut the ratings in half when it comes to Trip Advisor...	
May 7 2008 	Bed infested with ticks.	We stayed in the Barkston Garden Hotel recently - have to say, it was dire. One of our party had bitemarks all over her legs and arms after sleeping in the beds, the rooms were gloomy and dirty and had a peculiar pong from them!Not worth it, even if you're on a budget - there are lots of decent budget hotels in London, this place is just a dump.	
Apr 16 2008 	Bleak and dreary just like the weather	I would like to preface this review with the fact that I found London to be the most depressing city that I have ever had the pleasure of visiting, and as such my opinions of the Barkston Gardens Hotel are coloured by my opinions. We stayed here as part of an around the world honeymoon for almost a week. We had a room on the 5th floor, at the back of the hotel. On arriving we discovered that the window had a gap in it and that the heater did not come on until after 5pm - not good when it is 10degrees celsius outside, and all you want to do is go to sleep! Our room was basic, although it did have a kettle with tea making facilities which we greatly appreciated. The breakfast was strange, with an entire ritual revolving around the maitre d for the breakfast room. If you speak limited English beware. Questions and requests by staff in the breakfast room to non-English speakers were treated with greatest aplomb and tact, shouted or yelled when these guests failed to understand the first time. Maybe some staff training in continental European languages such as Italian, French, German and even Japanese wouldn't go astray, perhaps???The one thing that the Barkston Gardens Hotel could immediately improve upon, is its customer service ethic. A smile or a more pleasant attitude at the check-in counter would have made most of our qualms with this hotel wash away immediately!That said, the price was good for London and the location is excellent - just around the corner from the Earl's Court Road tube station.	
Mar 30 2008 	Great Location Friendly staff	We have just returned from a 4 night stay at this hotel. (Check the Hotel Website for rates as they were cheaper than other sites we tried) We arrived around 9pm in the evening and found the reception staff to be very helpful. Breakfast is served on Weekdays from 7-9 and the continental breakfast offers basic but good and plentiful choice. We found that the decor in the room was a little tired, but the bathroom had been refurbished and was very clean, with fresh towels provided daily. After reading the reviews on this site we decided that we should shower in the evening, but the first morning we tried the shower and found that we had a lot of hot water, maybe this was because other guests were following the hotels advice to shower in the evening. There are a lot of choice of restaurants near to the hotel, we tried Zizzi (good for Pizza) and Masala Zone (where we shared a grand Thali). Lots of other choice in the area (Chinese, Japanese, Portugese, Hamburgers, French and more) Very handy if you have had a long day sightseeing and don't feel like going far for something to eat. The hotel is very close to Earls court Tube station, but it is situated just off Earls Court Road and there is not a lot of street noise. Check out was efficient, and we were able to leave our luggage and have another full day of sightseeing before returning to the hotel to collect the luggage. This hotel is very handy for sightseeing as you are able to access the Piccadilly line on the tube, Earls court tube station is in Zone 2 of the metro and travelling to the hotel was the only time that we travelled into Zone 2 (apart from a quick trip to portabella road.) All in all I would recommend this hotel for people travelling on a budget, who are looking for somewhere clean, comfortable, and in a good location.	
Mar 26 2008 	Very Nice	Stayed three nights at this hotel. Picked it because it was close to the tube station and busses. I was very happy with the location. The single room was suitable and I did not feel closed in. The hotel is old but the bathroom had been updated. Continental breakfast was included and enough to get a good start on the day. The staff was good and check in and out was simple. They also offer free internet! That was a plus just to keep in touch with family. I travel on my own and have a problem walking long distances so this hotel was the best for me. It was not the Ritz or Hilton, but the value was above average for being in London. I would definitely stay there again. I saw a lot of single travelers, couples and business people when I stayed. The worst thing for me is that they have central heating and at night the room was too hot. I had to open the window and because I was in the front of the hotel, heard all the noise from the traffic on the main road. Otherwise, I enjoyed the stay.	
Mar 18 2008 	FIND Another hotel	Worst Hotel on EARTH! Poor check in and check out service. Basement room is the pits and hard to pull luggage up and down steps. Water pressure in our room was Great at all times but dirty bathroom.	
Mar 16 2008 	Find an alternate hotel!	Hotel had a sign stating that there were &quot;problems with running shower water between 7 - 9 a.m.&quot; We tried to alter our shower times, planning to shower in the evenings or afternoons but instead found NO hot water available at any time throughout the day. When we discussed this with the manager, our room was moved to an alternate one in the hotel - this time, the shower ran only a trickle of ice cold water any time of day or night. In addition, when we turned on the light in the morning there were roaches on our floor running for cover!! Ick! The TV plays only 5 channels (no alternatives like cable or movies) and internet access is only in the lobby/lounge area where there is no privacy to work. Location was great, but there are FAR more important things than only that - there are other alternatives near the tube throughout London that are reasonably priced - take one of those! Run, don't walk, from this spot. Finally, you should know that the photo run on all websites is NOT the hotel, it's a building across the street!! Talk about false advertising!!!	
Mar 15 2008 	Avoid the basement rooms	Unfortunately we were given a basement room, it was very dark, and needed the lights on all the time. It was a big room, with bath and shower, but there was no heating in the bathroom, and the toilet was dirty at the bottom of the bowl. The breakfast was good, and it was very convenient for Earls Court underground.	
Mar 13 2008 	Water pressure still a problem............	We have just returned from a four night stay here. The location is spot on and just across the road from the tube station. There are plenty of pubs and restaurants. Would recommend Mango bar for 2-4-1 cocktails before 9pm (turn right out of hotel then left at Earls Court Road, its on right hand side just before O'Neills. Almost opposite is the restaurant As Greek as it gets, lovely meal - beware of charming Greek waiter who doesnt speak much English......we thought he was giving us free samples of chef's starters but it turned out we got complete starters! Probably more than we originally wanted, stuffed vine leaves and excellent meat balls, but they were lovely, followed by the mixed meat platter for 2 at £17 which was excellent. Dont go to Dinos Italian however, the meal was less than mediocre!Our room was 601, top floor at the back, so the view was not good! The room was a very good size but we have never heard floor boards that creak so much! We pitied the people who were staying in the room below us!The room and bathroom could definately do with refurbishing but were passable.............However...........we were not prepared for the lack of water..........Early morning there was no water at all from the hot tap on bathroom sink. The shower NEVER worked, so we just had baths - these did take over 30 mins to fill - quite a wait! The best time to take a bath we found was early evening - didnt take as long to fill the bath! The hotel reception does have a note up regarding the water pressure but we didnt expect it to be quite so bad!Continental breakfast was adequate, but the toast always seemed to be burnt! Overall good (ish) hotel for the price £59 per room per night incl continental breakfast (booked from the hotel website) especially for London!	
Mar 3 2008	Think about what you want and set your expectations accordingly.	I stayed for 4 nights when visiting London with my wife to spend some time with our children. The location is excellent - 2 minutes walk from EC tube station. There is a very good choice of places to eat (including the hotel) within easy walking distance. Basic shops are handy - Boots, M&amp;S food, Sainsburys, Threshers, Somerfield etc. - so you can pick up your day's picnic provisions on your way to the tube.The hotel is old &amp; shabby, but it's clean and the TV in the room worked OK. The staff were very helpful and friendly, despite my having seen some of them receiving totally unjustified abuse from an African 'prima donna' type. This while they were &quot;going the extra mile&quot; to try and help her with her travel plans. I guess she was missing her slaves.Our room rate included 'continental breakfast', which was better than we expected. One morning we 'upgraded' to a full English breakfast for £4 each - and it saw us through the rest of the day. The fried bread was brilliant.During check in, it was pointed out to us that they were experiencing difficulties with the water supply, which meant reduced pressure &amp; airlocks, and that baths &amp; showers could be problematic during peak periods. As far as I could see, water pressure was poor 24/7, but we worked around it with a bit of patience. Had we checked in to the Best Western a few yards further along the road, I'm sure the plumbing would have been fine &amp; everything less shabby - but it wasn't worth the extra £20-£30 per night to us.If you want a great location, decent breakfast, free wireless internet throughout the ground floor, a reasonably priced yet comfortable bar (with a free PC/Internet station) and somewhere clean and relatively cheap to rest your head then it's fine. If you want the 'branded chain' experience then pay for the logo &amp; don't stay here. It's London. The city is expensive, so set realistic expectations &amp; decide what matters to you.	
Feb 23 2008 	Great price and excellent location	My 6 year old daughter and I arrived early, before our room was available, but were greeted by friendly staff and were able to leave our bags in the office until we returned. The hotel is situated on a quiet street a mere 1 minute walk from Earl's Court underground station and has very handy banks, resturants, an M&amp;S and Boots etc. on the main road. The hotel itself was very clean, our room was spacious with 2 queen-sized beds, an armchair, kettle, TV and bathroom. Water pressue is a problem in the mornings so shower in the evening. The shower was very English style, so do not expect any power shower jets! Soap &amp; shampoo provided.Breakfast is self service overseen by a manager complete with bow-tie! Basic fare but eat all you like.Recommended.	
Feb 4 2008 	Excellent value pleasant experience	Excellent location (about 2 mins walk from Earls court tube station - which is a very good starting point to get around London). I was a little concerned about this hotel after reading reviews (I like my comfort) but we had a good experience.Check-in was quick efficient. The room was a good size, nice view over a small park and posh apartments. Good high ceilings and tv with usual 5 uk channels. The room also had kettle and teabags/coffee/milk/sugar etc. Conveniently, there was an iron and ironing board. The bathroom was large and very clean. The water in the shower was a bit low in pressure but when running for a couple of mins it was good. The floorboards were very creaky and yes carpets a bit worn but overall decor and room in general was quite good. We ordered breakfast one morning and it was fairly poor - £15 for 2 people. It wasn't quite what we had ordered and it was small and cheap. Given the location it's worth popping out for breakfast.The major attraction to this hotel is the price (about 135euro for 2 nights for 2 people). This is fantastic value for the location. We didn't have any problems whatsoever and would certainly return.	
Jan 28 2008 	1980s chic	The welcome to the Barkston Gardens was less than friendly and the rooms don't seem to have been decorated since the 80s. The carpet was worn and marked, and the throw on the bed was stained. The bathroom was very large and clean, however the water pressure could not be relied on and the shower did not always work. The location is excellent, just next to the tube station. Which is handy, as you probably won't want to hang around your room too long!	
Jan 27 2008 	Great location clean hotel better price	The hotel is just a few steps from Earl's Court station in a very nice area.There are plenty of choices for your meals around the area.The rooms are clean , bathrooms have generous proportions if compared to hotels of its ranking.Definitively I would not mind staying there again if I return to London for vacations.	
Jan 24 2008 	Look Elsewhere...Please!	I've used this site for many years and this the first time i've been compelled to write a review.Check-in was problematic. After checking-in, we were told we couldn't have the room key until 2pm (at was 12.45pm). When we did get the room key, we found out someone else was already staying in the room!Finally got another key. Room itself was ok - good size.Real problems started the next day. No water - we couldn't even flush the toilet. Rang reception and they had to send someone to check! We were given a key to another room to have a shower. Key didn't work. When housekeeping let me in, still no water! Luckily had a friend staying in the basement (yes, rooms starting 100 are in the basement) whose shower did work.When we checked out, I asked for the manager. No sign of him/her. We were offered £20 but we demanded a full refund. This was refused and then it turned out we hadn't paid - just pre-authorised the amount. We left and will never return.I don't like giving bad reviews, but this hotel was a disgrace. I haven't even gone into the number of people we also heard complaining about various things who were virtiually shouted at by the receptionist.I was embarrased to be British as it gave such a bad impression of accommodation in this country.	
Dec 12 2007	A real bargain	Make no mistake, this hotel is not perfect. The mattress sagged a little, the carpet was worn, and everything was very plain. But for the price, it's an *incredible* bargain. We stayed in central London for about 50 pounds a night. We had feared the place would be flyblown and bedbug-infested, but it was perfectly clean and serviceable. We would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 22 2007 	Okay for the price	This hotel has a fantastic location in Earl's Court with really large bedrooms with high ceilings and large bathrooms. The property is in dire need of renovation in that the carpets, both in the hallways and the bedrooms are very worn and stained. The bedroom furniture is basic and the beds could do with upgrading. Having said that the rooms are spotlessly clean with clean linen and tea and coffee facilities. The bar is basic and serves snacks and light meals with very friendly staff.Compared to other hotels available in Earls Court this hotel is good value.	
Nov 5 2007 	Nice Hotel Great Location	This was my fist trip to London. I booked the hotel thru the website lastminutetravel.com. Upon arrival, the front desk could not find my reservation. I presented the voucher that I printed from the website. The hotel stored my luggage while they worked out the issue and I took a walk for about one hour in the neighborhood, which is exceptional. A coworker recommended Earl’s Court, which turned out to be spot on! Not only was the tube station right around the corner from the hotel, but also the main street, which has all the amenities that you would need (banks, restaurants, pubs, cafes…). Upon returning, they had the problem rectified and I checked into my room. The room was somewhat typical of other 3-star European hotels that I stayed at. The only issues I can recall is that the comforter on the bed had a rip in it, and the floors were somewhat creaky. Making for some distraction when trying to fall asleep at night, but it wasn’t completely awful by any means. I had my breakfast in the hotel almost every day, which was included in the price of the room. I took advantage of this since the exchange rate from US to GBP was 2:1 at the time (worse today). If I were to return I would consider this hotel again only because the price was right and the location was fantastic. However, I would also take a look at some other alternatives for a few more coins.	
Nov 2 2007 	Perfect location lovely room	I stayed in this hotel and I have to say, I was very surprised: room was very clean, breakfast was very good, staff was very helpful and friendly. Location wise it is brilliant, you can go around London easily and the underground is literally one minute walking distance from the hotel (district, circle and piccadilly line). I really suggest to book this hotel if you are looking for a nice, handy and not 5 star place to stay in London.	
Oct 24 2007	Don't stay here. Dirty Worn down smelly	Apart form location everything here is negative. I paid US$116 through hotwire. They rate it 3 star. It is not even 2 star. Small rooms. Mice in the lobby.Stay away from this hotel.	
Oct 14 2007 	Needs a renovation	We were happy with the location of this hotel. Quiet neighborhood at night, but just around the corner was a bustling street with great pubs, restaurants, markets, bus stop and a subway station.We had a room on the top floor. It was spacious but quite shabby. The floor was filthy with stains (We got the impression that the room was being cleaned, it was just aged), it squeaked horribly every step we took, the double bed was so small my 6ft tall husbands feet were hanging off the bed, the bathroom fan was noisy (it wouldn't turn off), and the shower water fluctuated from burning hot to icy cold while showering.Overall, it was a pretty sad condition for a hotel costing more than one hundred a night.	
Oct 11 2007	How many roaches?	The first night I noticed roaches in the bathroom. Went to front desk and asked to switch rooms. The manager on duty asked me &quot;How many roaches?&quot;......That question puzzled me because I typically sent a limit of zero in the number of roaches I wish to see in my hotel room	
Sep 28 2007 	loved this hotel	We stayed in this hotel for 5 nights this August and were very pleased with our accommodations. The room and the bathroom were very surprisingly large (considering that we paid 50 pounds per for twin room). Everything was very clean and we had all toiletries replaced as required. The only problem was that the room was on the first floor with the windows to the street, so it could be quite noise in the evening. I must say that we were so tired every day that it did not ruin our vacation. The location is very convenient: 2 mins to the subway and there are several fast food places around (a necessary when you are traveling with a teenager) plus a pharmacy, Marks and Spencer and some sit- down restaurants (we liked ZiZi). This hotel is also only 5-7 minutes to Marriot Kensington hotel from were most of the tour agencies can pick you up for day tours. Definitely will be staying there again.	
Sep 14 2007 	good hotel	Excellent location,right next to the tube. Had a twin room on the first floor. Check-in was excellent, Keycard entry to the rooms.The room was large. Beds were good,a very good hotel for what u pay,will be staying there again.	
Aug 29 2007 	"Staff" were awful	I stayed here thank GOD for only 1 night. I tried to check in early (9:30AM) and they said I would have to pay for one night's (the previous night) and the rate is USA dollar's, get this: $310 USD! IT WAS AWFUL. AVOID....AND on Expedia they rank this as a 3 star (NOT!) Expedia asked me to rate my stay, I CERTAINLY DID!!!!	
Aug 26 2007	Nice Option on a budget	A little worn around the edges but was quiet, clean and comfortable at an affortable price for London. Just around the corner from 2 Pubs(with food), tons of Restaurants(sit down and fast food), internet cafes (cheap long distance calls) a laundromat, a Marks and Spencer, a Boots, the Earl's Court Tube and numerous bustops(#74 is one I remember). Was upgraded from a twin room to a family room at no extra cost. Dan at the front deck was very helpful at check-in. Breakfast was very basic and dull but was included in the price and you could upgrade to a full English one if so desired. Would recommend this Hotel as a good Budget option with a great location near restaurants and the Tube.	
Aug 11 2007	Quiet and excellent loaction.	Stayed here 4 one week.Excellent location, less than 4 minutes from the tube. And located on a quiet street.Stayed in a twin room on the ground floor. Close to the dining room.Check-in was fast and efficient. Keycard entry to the rooms.The room was clean and of a good size. Beds were comfy and had clean sheets and duvets. The sheets had a couple holes in them and the pillows were rather flat and not firm at all.The room was tastefully decorated.There were tea/coffee facilites but the complimentary biscuits were not the freshest.There was a trousers press in the room and an iron and board was available at reception.Usual TV, with standard 5 channels with good reception and a working remote.The ensuite was big and clean, but only had a shower. The shower was powerful but drained very slowly, u ended standing in a pool. I reported the problem to reception and they sorted it.But then we noticed that it began to leak......we ended putting newspaper down to soak up the excess water. And on a few nights i saw small roaches. But i guess that was due to the fact of being so close to the kitchen and the leaking bathroom.There was body/shampoo provided.The first few nights were hot but in most hotels in london there was no AC or fans. But with the window open it was ok.We had complimentary continental breakfast in our deal (£67 pn)Included cereals,yogort,cheese,ham and fruits.Breakfast was run by the matre de, who ran a prompt and efficient service and the waitresses were aso very polite.Full english was available at £8.50.The lobby as nice and there was a large reception room, where u can watch tv, read the complimentary newspapers or magazines.Free wifi was available, which was fast.The hotel is located in an area, with restaurants/ ATMs/Pharmacy and every other shop u may need.I found the staff overall very helpful and polite. I misplaced my keycard on the last night....i came back in a 1130pm and it was replaced with out any hesitation.I left my brand new mobile phone in the room by mistake, went into london, when i came back the bed was made and my phone was placed on the bed for me.Because of the honesty of the staff and how polite they were, I am able to overlook the bathroom problems.....Nice comfy hotel, at a good price in an ideal loaction. Would stay here again.	
Jun 27 2007 	Spacious rooms and excellent location	Barkston Gardens Hotel is an old hotel situated only 1 minute from Earl's Court Tube Station. The location is unbeatable; the area is pleasant and safe and packed with nice restaurants (try the &quot;Little French Restaurant&quot; on Hogarth Rd nearby, they serve three course dinner for only £10), supermarkets and shops. The reception is very large and well maintained and so is the breakfast/dining room. Breakfast is buffet style and consists of tea/coffee, fruit juice, cerals, bread rolls, toast and marmalade/cheese/ham. Twin rooms are the largest I have experienced in London; I have visited this city at least 50 times and thus tried numerous hotels. Non-smoking rooms are situated on 4th floor but make sure to be very specific when asking for one, I did but upon arrival I was informed that they had missed my request. However, they managed to fix that after the first night. If you want a quiet room, ask for one facing the backyard. I have stayed at Barkston Gdns Hotel four times, both in summer and in winter, and will certainly return again. A big minus for the very worn plastic carpet in the bathrooms though. Staff is mostly efficient and helpful. Be careful at check-out however, if you are paying with a non-British credit card they will charge you in your local currency - at a not very good rate. Ask them to charge you in £ Sterling instead and save money.In all a decent hotel with excellent location. Don't hesitate to go there but don't expect it to be like Hilton.	
Jun 20 2007 	Smelly on the ground floor	Stayed from 17th-19th of June, booked on [--] and it looked reasonable. We were staying on the ground floor near the dining room, smelly smelly Smelly is all I can say about it. Perhaps they reserve these rooms for people like us who booked through a booking agency....No fan in the toilet so it got even more smelly quickly, the carpet was ill fitting (coming off the stairs) and worn. One of our party was all bites over her legs from the bed fleas.It has a good location and one could overlook the tattiness if it didn't smell, but for giving one of us a bad dose of bites, the Barkston Gardens gets one out of five. Don't stay here if you don't book direct!	
Jun 6 2007 	Great Location	I considered &quot;excellent&quot;, but we asked, when making our reservation, for two twin beds and got a double. Location was excellent - within 2 blocks a great place for breakfast, a post office, cash machine andbank. Underground also within 2 blocks. YOU KNOW WHAT THEY SAY: LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION!!! The room was 'interesting' to get to,sort of like a maze, but once there, the room was about as spacious as one gets in Europe. I would definitely stay there again. A Marks and Spencer was close by, too, for those who might want to buy food to go like fresh fruit cut in bite size pieces, or croissants, individual botted drinks, etc. Sort of a glorified 7-11 and much fresher food! My husband thought the bed was lousy, but I was OK withit. This hotel is definitely worth your consideration.	
Jun 5 2007 	Loved it	We stayed here for 5 nights in April on our honeymoon. We were pleasantly surprised after hearing some negative reviews. The room we were in (although the door wouldn't open all the way due to the bed being in the way) was clean and looked out onto the gardens - really made us feel like we were in London.The bathroom was massive and also really clean. Although the decor wasn't beautiful, I'm really fussy when it comes to cleanliness and sleeping in strange beds, but in this place I had no problem.There's also an internet downstairs in the bar which is free to use. Sometimes we'd have to wait, but not for long. The internet is quick to use and the room isn't too nosiy to use it in.One of the best things was the breakfast. The room is nice, and they give you a pot of coffee or tea along with a rack of toast. You can then eat cereal, croissants, cheeses, fruit, yoghurt, juice....there's plenty and it's done really nicely. It was our favourite breakfast in the whole of Europe.Also, as others have mentioned it's really close to Earls Court Station - it takes less than 2 minutes to walk. So if you come by plane, get the tube from the airport to Earls Court. It takes only half an hour and is much cheaper than paying for taxi. We loved it here. Don't go expecting a glamorous hotel, but if you want something clean, affordable and convenient then this is the place for you. We'd definitely go back.	
May 7 2007 	Good value	Adequate sized double room and en suite bathroom, if a little dated but clean and comfortable. Basic continental breakfast included in a good value for money package.Staff friendly and helpful and the hotel is in a very well served area for shops and restaurants and 2 minutes from the Underground station.The only downside was the incredibly creaky floorboards everywhere. If you cannot get a room on the top floor, just hope that the occupants above you weigh less than 6 stone and are not training for a marathon! Take earplugs if you are a light sleeper.	
May 3 2007 	Great Value for Money for a London Hotel	As others have said, the hotel is not outstanding, however it is a good price, clean (if rather well worn) and extremely well situated. When I stayed I was in a large twin room with views out over roof-tops (not over the garden). It was quiet and perfectly adequate for our needs. The staff were extremely friendly and there was plenty for breakfast (even if it does showcase the more stereotypical view of English food). You are right next to Earl's Court so on my upcoming trip to London for a show at Earl's Court I have chosen to stay there again. The price and location are difficult to beat.	
Apr 21 2007	Do not stay here!	I stayed at this property in April 2003 with my wife, son and brother in law and I am still angry. Do not stay here! It is advertised as a superior property and it is not. Nice location and good view of the park from the front of the hotel. Very poor value for the money. I was injured at the hotel and was denied medical attention by the manager on duty. Actually I was berated by the manager on duty. JS	
Apr 16 2007 	Over Rated	This is a run down hotel - don't be fooled by the pictures. Probably above average for the Earl's Court area , but not much else. Close to the tube stop. Worth spending more to get to Central London.	
Apr 16 2007 	absolutely fine	Stayed here for 2 nights on 13/4 and 14/4 with my girlfriend. We had a lovely big room on the third floor. I've never seen such a large, bright room in a London hotel! I paid 118 pounds for the whole stay inc. breakfast. The hotel had friendly staff, is in an excellent location, and was very quiet. There is a nice little bar and pleasantdining room serving a good breakfast. I was very worried by some of the bad reviews i'd read but I have nothing to complain about. I willstay here again and would recommend it to anyone, particularly room 509. Thanks to the hotel for a lovely weekend.	
Apr 6 2007 	Absolutely Disgusting	A health hazard. Stay here at you peril.I arrived at the hotel at seven in the morning (note that the postcode provided by the hotel is incorrect). Check in was at two in the afternoon, but the hotel had a secure storage room for me to store my luggage. This was the first of two good things about the hotel.When I came back in the afternoon I was booked into a twin share room in the basement (even though I had booked a single). To get to this room I had to walk past the dining area, through a set of double doors and down two flights of stairs. As I walked through the second of the double doors I got the shock of my life. The air stank of cigarette smell! Not only did it stink to high heaven, but it smelt like it had been around since World War Two! The smell continued all the way down into the basement and into my room.The room was surprisingly large - too large really for my needs. The sheets in the beds were clean, but I'd say the bedcovers were well and truly due for their yearly bath. The bathroom was adequate. All in all I'd say the state of the room was reasonable, but this doesn't mean much if you can't breath!After spending the last forty-something hours in transit from country Australia and then walking around London, I did not have the energy to complain. I collapsed and woke up six hours later choking and wheezing from the cigarette fumes. I tried to get more sleep but it was impossible.I spent the next couple of days snorting black soot out of my nose. After washing my clothes a couple of times I still couldn't get the smell out of them.The second of the good thing about the hotel was the breakfast. The service and the food were excellent - not enough to get me through the front door again though. Stay at the York Hotel instead.	
Mar 30 2007	Really good value for money	This hotel is a perfect place if you are looking for a lower budget but still decent. I suspect some of the negative reviews are written by people that are or competition or have no idea what you can get for different price-levels in London.The location on a side street of Earl's Court road and 2 min form Earl's Court tube station is excellent. The area is really nice with lot's of restaurants at all price-levels and food types and also nicepubs (I went yesterday to the Blackbird which is round the corner) with mixed public but a lot of trendy people, young professionals let's say.Then the staff is very friendly. They have loads of adapters so you can connect your stuff to the UK mains system. Instead of charging you 25$ a day (which they did once to us in Hilton LAX) they ask you a deposit of 10 pounds that you get back when you return it. A half pint beer costs only 1.50 pounds.The wireless access if you have a laptop, or the available workstation is fantastic. I am here on business and I am working all day here looking out on the garden, which is in front of the building, accross the street, not on the back.My room was good, clean, the bed very comfortable, the shower with lot's of hot water. Of course, for this price (I paid 57 pounds incl. breakfast) the furniture is not supernice design or supernew, but it works and it is clean. What else do you need? The room even has a press to press your pants.Next time when I stay in London for business I definitely come back.	
Dec 27 2006 	Overall not bad - some rooms nicer than others!	My friends and I stayed here on 2 separate occasions (during 1 week), and each time we had 2 rooms. So we saw 4 different rooms altogether, and I can tell you that your satisfaction will depend largely on the room you're assigned! It's a very oddly shaped building (or conglomeration of buildings), and some rooms are much roomier and easier to get to than others. Overall the place was clean, pleasant and well located. Don't stay here on your honeymoon, but it's a good base if you're planning to spend your days sightseeing. Yes, it smelled of smoke, but so does everything in Europe; the interiors were shabby, but again, that's Europe. And the free wireless in the lobby/bar area was a very nice perk. In our experience, the rooms with one double bed were much nicer than the rooms with 2 single beds, so keep that in mind if you're traveling with someone you don't mind sharing a bed with!	
Nov 14 2006 	The poorest hotel I have ever stayed in.	Suggested by Travel agent in Australia and we are reporting back to them not to use Barkston Gardens for future bookings. We had the most run down room, broken bedside lamps, and old shabby dusty overhead drapping/swag, lumpy old disgusting mattress and pillows, ill fitting drapes on the windows. My husband slept on the floor for three nights of the week we were booked in, we requested to the Manager for another room with single beds and he said the whole of the hotel was booked out and to ask again in the morning which we did, not to him as he was not there but to his second in charge and was told there were three twin rooms not booked by anybody and we would have to talk to him later which we did and again he insisted this time that because it was a booking through the travel agent in Australia that we could not change the booking even though my husband was very willing to pay any extras, we were not looking for refunds just an enjoyable and restfull time in London. And I will not be recommending any of our friends or those who read this to stay there.	
Nov 10 2006 	I second what a dump!	Warning do not go here! This hotel was a complete disappointment. The only plus is the one other reviewers have mentioned in that it's close to the tube. The room was bigger than those in Europe and bathroom was quite large.. We stayed on the fourth floor and it needs a re-do. Did not want to touch anything, the bedspreads, curtains, carpet and chairs were filthy and very worn out. The windows don't close all the way letting in cold air, it got so cold I asked the desk how we turn on the radiator in room, he said you don't, but gave me a small room heater. Doesn't look anything like the picture, picture makes it look like it's out in the country away from things, it is not and there seemed to be alot of traffic noise for having a small park across the street from it. Have pic showing park just outside of hotel	
Nov 4 2006 	What a Dump	What a Dump! I was booked there for four nights at the end of October thru Brit Air. The room was reeking of mold and had rotten spots in the floorboards. The whole bathroom and especially the shower was festooned with mold. The desk people were surly and unresponsive and made no effort to at least get the mold neutralized in the bathroom and would not provide an alternate room. Maybe they don't like Brit Air customers- London hotel rooms are rarely a good value compared to any first world country but this room and hotel don't even qualify as third world. What a Dump! I see this hotel belongs to the Cairn group and if this is an example of their management competence, all their hotels should be avoided.	
Nov 1 2006 	What's the fuss all about?	I booked a single en suite with continental breakfast for 65 pounds/night via venere.com. My room was great--clean, decent bed, and had a kettle and complimentary tea/coffe/cookies. The front desk was kind enough to bring me an electric heater when I called down--the heat isn't on this early in the season, and I'm from California so I have zero tolerance for cold! The staff was helpful, the hotel was clean and inviting. I couldn't have picked a more convienient location--close to Earl's Court tube station, food stores, a small grocery, and several pubs. I'd definitely stay there again, and would encourage friends to do so also.	
Oct 5 2006 	Basic but good hotel	I have stayed at the Barkston Gardens Hotel a few times now. The main reason being that is a two minute walk to Earls' Court Underground station which connects you onto the district line and piccadily line - great for eating and shopping in Covent Garden or going to see a show - ie Phantom of the Opera.The staff are very friendly - for example my flight was delayed and then travelled up from gatwick airport and there were queues everywhere, i arrived at the hotel at 11am and asked if i could leave my luggage only to be told that my room was ready of me to check in to! Breakfast is also good. The restaurant serves beautiful food, only thing is it is nearly always empty and sometimes it is a long wait - but worth it.I would agree that the hotel needs redecorated and new bathrooms, but when you pay £45 - 55 for a room in london you can't really compain.I would recommend the hotel to people on budget and want it as base for a trip to London.	
Sep 25 2006 	Glad there are mixed reviews!!!	We just got back from staying in London for 3 nights. We stayed at another hotel on the same street back in May, so I could compare. We paid 9 pounds more at this hotel (79 pounds for a twin - 2 people). I was worried when I found out that my son and I would be in a lower level (basement) room...but after going through several &quot;Fawlty Tower&quot; hallways and firedoors, we found the stair way down to our room. The room was better than I had anticipated on our way down. It was spacious, reasonable light and ventilization, although there wasn't a window in the bathroom. The bathroom and the bedroom were both in good repair. The TV was pretty small...but that's not why we travelled to London. And location...Earl's Court is a terrific compromise between price and convenience. I was concerned about writing too positive of a review, because I know that we will probably return, and I didn't want the hotel to raise their rates! I guess it really comes down to the room you are assigned. And fortunately, we won out this time!	
Sep 22 2006 	I have to question everyone who liked it	I stayed in this hotel a few years ago and it was a dump. There is no other way to describe it. I was in London for a few days and I changed right away and learned immediately that when it comes to hotels, the terms, Nice, affordable and London or even adequate, affordable and London are oxymorons. Anyway, the Barkston Terrace by any criteria was a dump. When people describe this as great, I have to question their judgment. How do I describe a dump, well, the creaky floors, the window that opened up to some grimy backstreet, an ugly carpet that didn't mask the creaking, a window that had to be forced open and held open by a stick, the tininess of the room, I mean, I could go on and on. I find these places insulting except that they are all like this, I have yet to find an affordable, nice room of a decent size in London. Also the service was totally indifferent: I called the UK expedia number to change the hotel and it cost me eleven pounds, even though it was a local number.Who knows, maybe its better now, although I doubt it.	
Sep 14 2006	Stay somewhere else	The only plus with this hotel is the location. It is only 2 mins walk to the Earl's Court underground station.The room we stayed was horrible. -Transparent (sheer) curtain on bathroom window (the window is big and facing the bathtub. I have to get undress/dress behind the shower curtain, standing inside the bathtub).-Extremely noisy. People yelling from the street (I dont think it is a good neighborhood) and you can always hear sirens from police car early morning and late night. You can also hear truck coming to pick-up trash in the morning.-Paint in the bathroom is peeling off-Wallpaper in the room is peeling off-Big stain on blanket-Rotten wood window frame-Dirty carpet-Dusty hair blow dryerOne thing we found funny is the mirror. It was cut from a big mirror (you can tell from the design and the cutting) and put in a picture frame. Another room probably have the other half.	
Sep 7 2006 	Location location	If you want a cheap clean hotel in central London this is the place for you. The hotel is just around the corner from Earl's Court underground station, in a very quiet side street overlooking a park. With Earl's Court providing direct lines to Heathrow airport and all the sights of London it is an ideal base for a few days sightseeing.The hotel itself is basic but clean, with very friendly, helpful staff. They provide free wireless internet in the foyer and the breakfast is above average. All in alll a great place to stay in central London for the budget conscious traveller.	
Aug 29 2006 	Great value	Stayed here over Bank Holiday weekend as I was attending a course. Booked through the hotel's good website the day before I checked in and got a good rate of £57 a night.I was impressed with my room. As it was just me, and the room stated single, I wasn't expecting much. Had a comfortable double bed, tv, hairdryer, kettle, coffee, tea, desk, comfy chair, and a spacious bathroom with an incredibly powerful shower.Most impressive was the high ceiling, which sounds silly but makes the rooms seem so much bigger. And judging by a fire evacuation map, my room was one of the smallest.Maid service was great, check in was Ok, not great but no problems. Breakfast fine, no frills but for the price no complaints. Best of all - location! 1min walk to Earls Court tube which is on the Picc and District lines, so it's very easy to get anywhere. And loads of shops and restaurants on your doorstep - tesco, boots, all the fast foods, pubs etc. The hotel is just off a busy main road, and opposite a quiet garden. There is a bit of noise, but not at night, and remember, this is central london!I had a great stay, and would recommend this hotel to budget-conscious people who don't want to compromise on comfort.	
Aug 20 2006	Good value for London	We stayed at the Barkston Gardens in the Earl's Court section of London, the last week of July 2006.I had read many reveiws both on TripAdvisor and other places, so did not have any great preconceived notions. It is a fairly basic hotel. Right around the corner from the Underground, and very convenient to many shops and restaurants. The hotel itself is nothing really special, but, by London standards was more than adequate. We were there during a heat wave, and there is no air conditioning. I knew this going in, and, had taken the time to email the hotel several months in advance, specifically requesting a fan. When we first checked in, we were told there was no way to guarantee a fan until the morning when people checked out, so the maids could find one and bring it to us. The first room we were given was a smoking room, without a fan, and quite small. We switched to another 9non-smoking) room, which was somewhat larger and had a fan - although it was basically ineffectual, but, better than none at all.The bed was full size, and okay. The room was equipped with an electric tea kettle, but the instant coffee was awful. The tea was fine. The bathroom was very roomy, but oddly, had a half glass shower &quot;curtain&quot;. I was with my husband, but, if you are modest about showering, it is a bit odd, not to mention water got all over the floor. The shower pressure was great.The hotel has a breakfast, which was good, and a small bar with one computer with internet access. They also have free wireless in the common areas too. The TV in the room only got a few stations, but, we didn't really care. Overall, it was very convenient, and served our purposes fine. With everything so expensive in London, we preferred to spend our money on our experiences, and dinners, rather than a lavish hotel. I would reccomend this hotel to other travelers. It's a good value for the money.	
Aug 13 2006	What a location	I would like to start off by stating my girlfriend and i traveled all throughout europe and stayed at many different locations If you follow my user idea you will be able to figure out our trip and you could use this as a guideline for yourself. We did tons of research and used all the sites to make our choices. I hope this review helps.The Barkston Gardens hotel is a few short minute walk from the Earls Court train station, which is a train station with many different train lines running right through it. The location is wonderful and in a great area where you will find many bars and many places where you will be able to find fresh fruit, bread and basic nessaities. Now for the hotel, the staff was very friendly and were eager to help out with directions throughout the city. Our room was clean (but we did find an unused condom wrapper under the bed, it would be hard for cleaning staff to reach or see it but it was still found) and the washroom meet all basic needs. Our room was small and only had windows that opened and a small personal size fan. NO AIR in this one, but as long as your not there for a heat wave you should be fine, london is cool (23c) most of the time anyhow. We think the room we had was a 1 person room. Overall i would stay there again but only for a few nights, we found that hotels that were cheaper but more out of the way had more extras, like ac and bigger rooms.PS. Our flight arrived in london at 9am and reached the hotel at 11, we asked if there was a room to store our things while our room was being preparied. They placed our bags in an easy access room which made us feel alittle uneasy but the staff reinsured us that the bags will be fine. Nothing happened to the bags but just wanted to state this just incase you are in our shoes and plan to arrive before the check in	
Jul 25 2006	A good experience	We stayed at the Barkston Gardens in Kensington, London at the beginning of June 2006. Apart from the rather unfriendly frontdesk staff, it was a good experience. Our room was clean, the size adequate, and the overall impression fine. We can recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a conveniently situated (minutes from Earl's Court station) hotel at affordable rates.M de Villiers, South Africa	
Jul 5 2006	Great locationQuaint and Quiet	Went to London for Wimbledon tennis but did not want to stay too near to it though.Train came in at Euston and it was so easy to use the tube stations. Arrived at Earl's Court tube and Barkston Gardens Hotel was across the road and turn left. Did not have to travel far to find it. A pleasant Hotel, very quaint and quiet. Room was big enough.Tea and coffee facilities on hand. Choice of complimentary continental breakfast or English for a couple of pounds more. Bed was very comfortable. Room was hot no air-con but they do have a fan in the room which was good. It is probably not usually this hot in England, so it would probably be ok any other time of the year but we did go in between the 5 day heatwave that they had. It was in the 30's. Just got back to the North of England to find that tennis is called off because of rain. Staff where very friendly and at our request they let us put our coolpacks in the freezer overnight. Hotel very close to Restaurants and other eateries. Also foodstores and an open 24hr Tesco. Would stop at this Hotel again.	
Jul 4 2006	Convenient location but disappointing hotel	We stayed at this hotel for two nights as we were going to watch the tennis at Wimbledon. The location is great in terms of convenience for the tube and proximity of restaurants and shops (ie Boots, M&amp;S, Somerfield) However the hotel itself was disappointing. It was really quite tatty and the cleanliness of the room left a lot to be desired, especially in the bathroom. We were also surprised to find that dinner and room service stopped being served at 9.30pm. The staff weren't overly helpful either. Our room was also very hot and noisy at night but that's to be expected in London during the summer. Overall this hotel was fine as a base in which to sleep and shower and we were glad to be so near to Earl's Court Tube Station but it is let down by its shabby appearence, lack of cleanliness and heat and noise levels.	
Jun 29 2006	Excellent location and very quiet	My wife and I stayed at this hotel for two nights in early June 2006. The location, as others have commented, is good and convenient if you travels around by the Underground. The room and washroom are clean and the space is adequate for us. But my room (X08, not facing the garden) is really hot, especially in the afternoon. Opening the window widely (all day long) did not help much, and I think it is the major problem (well, in this room you can see the sunset). Remember that the room is not air-conditioned. Some of the staff were helpful but others were just okay.	
May 18 2006	Perfect jumping off point for touring London	After reading some of the more recent reviews here, I decided to book a room in this hotel for my 3 days of sightseeing around London. I booked directly through the hotel's Web site and got a really good deal that included the continental breakfast (which is nothing impressive but definitely enough food &amp; choices to take you through to lunch). My room was a small single - plenty of room for me and my luggage - with a nice roomy bathroom. It was cheery, clean, and comfortable, but I did lose all hot water during my last shower. My theory is that you may be better off showering at night, opposite of most guests, probably, so there may be more hot water available. My room was very, very warm, so I left the window open day &amp; night, and the problem was solved. I was fortunate that it hardly rained at all - not sure that solution would have worked if rain was being blown in. It's as quiet as everyone else said, so no traffic or people noise to wake you up when the window's open. The garden view is so pretty. It's ridiculously close to Earl's Court tube station - couldn't be more convenient. And that Marks &amp; Spencer Simply Food market a block away came in handy many times! Staff were very friendly and helpful. There's a computer with Internet access in a room off the lobby but it's usually busy - but there's also a McDonald's (ugh, I know!) with an Internet cafe attached on the way to the tube stop. I recommend this hotel as a comfortable, affordable tourist-class hotel. Not many frills but a lot of charm and a very nice neighborhood.	
Apr 1 2006	Good value but nothing exciting.	This hotel had a great location and was a good value for the money. The room was small and a bit worn, but clean. Breakfast was good and the staff were polite and helpful. If you're budget-conscious and don't plan to spend a LOT of time hanging around your hotel, the Barkston Gardens is a fine place to stay if you get a reasonable price.	
Feb 20 2006	Fine hotel 	This hotel was in a very nice neighbourhood, close to bookstore and drugstores. It was a bit out of the way for me, but I would recommend it if the location is good for you. Very brightly painted walls!	
Dec 22 2005	Barkston Gardens--Okay for Budget Travelers	My room was very small, but considering it was just me, it was no big deal. Comfortable bed, bathroom and shower in the room, desk, television, phone, and room service (for an additional cost). Breakfast was included in the price of the room and it was very good. The service was okay. The hotel is located two minutes from the Earl's Court tube station, which is a plus. It's not the Ritz, but good for budget travelers.	
Oct 20 2005	good customer serviceold hotelnasty bathroom	i was in london on summer vacation from august 3rd to the 8th.I decided to go to the barkston hotel because it came up as a three star hotel when i looked on line.I noticed that they have a very good customer service..however the rooms are small and too ugly.There was something wrong with the bathroom..the hot water does not mix with the cold water which makes it really hard to take a shower.You get one side of the tap pouring out water as hot as hell and the otherside of the same tap with cold water.The hotel has a nice location but they need to do a whole lot of renovation.	
Oct 19 2005	Decent great location	I stay in London often. You have to understand the baseline hotel there is way below most places. But over the last few years they seem to be trying to improve. The Barkston is one example. This hotel has free wireless access and hair dryers. There is someone at the desk 24 hours. The breakfast room is large and clean. The breakfast is plenty to eat, with croissants, cheese, ham, yogurt, and canned fruit. A full cooked breakfast is 2 GBP more. The rooms are en suite, and there is a lift. About half the rooms are large. Ask for Room 405, which is a large twin with a full bath. Some of the rooms on the first floor are very noisy. Weekdays are downright cheap at about 58 GBP; weekends are a lot more. The Earl's Court location is the absolute best, as you can catch the Circle, District, or Picadilly lines. The tube from Heathrow goes direct for 2.40 and takes 30 minutes. There are three good pubs, an M &amp; S Food Only shop, and a wine shop within 50 yards. All in all, not a bad place to stay.	
Sep 19 2005	Good for the price	I booked online at a good price, and for the room and location got a good deal. The room was a single en-suite and was quite a good size. But this hotel is still in an old shape...creaky floorboards, a bit aged decor... etc you get the picture. The location is great...just around the corner from the tube stop. My room looked out on the gardens which was nice. I think I was on the top floor and if it had been a sweltering day I woul dhave had a problem without air conditioning. Oh and the lift would take ages to come.	
Jun 2 2005	Gret Value for Money	Stayed at the Barkstone Gardens Hotel after attending a concert at Earls Court....what a great idea as 10,000 people tried to cram onto the tube afterwards. Id read other reviews of on TripAdvisor and wasnt disappointed. Location wise its 200m from the underground and 5-10mins walk from Earls Court exhibition centre on a relatively quiet tree lined square. True its not the flashest of places, especially in the public areas - the carpet was a little worn and some of the paint could have done with attention, but the room was relatively modern, clean, quiet, comfortable and very large for central London. Whats more it comes with duvets on the bed and a television, trouser press, hairdryer and TV that all work! At £59 for a double on a laterooms I think the place was a bargain. I think the full price is £105 which in itself isnt unreasonable if you have cause to be in this part of London. Earls Court has so many &quot;dumps&quot; where you get ripped off that I think the Barkstone Gardens is a real find and wouldnt hesitate to stay here again.	
May 24 2005	You can stay at much better places for similar money.	Stayed here for one night in May 2005 when attending a concert at the nearby Earls Court arena.POSITIVES:Location - 1 minutes walk to Earls Court tube station. 2 minutes to Earls Court Arena.Cleanliness - Both the room and the bed were clean.Staff - Friendly and helpful.NEGATIVES:No Air-Conditioning - the room was impossibly hot. What made it worse was the window wouldn't stay open unless I propped it open with the telephone directory.Overall condition of Hotel - I think the hotel can be described as a little bit tatty. The marble floor in reception was cracked. The carpet in the corridors was faded and ill-fitting. The paintwork and decor was overdue an overhaul (woodchip wall paper for example - this is not the 70's anymore!). 1 inch gap below room door meant light from the corridor illuminated the room all night.OVERALL VERDICT: There are much better hotels in London for this price - I paid £88GBP for one night. This is not very expensive for London, but if you shop around you'll find some of the major hotel chains offering genuine 4* rooms for this price.	
Oct 11 2004	Great for the price	I've stayed at this hotel twice. The rooms are a little older, but were decent for the money paid. The location was perfect, a 3 min walk to the tube station. Some rooms in the hotel are large, and some are small. All in all, not bad for a tourist class hotel.	
Aug 19 2004	Awful location filthy rooms	We stayed at Barkston Gardens in the first week of August. it was so bad we went looking for an alternative for the next night despite the fact we had prepaid. We had 2 rooms, for 2 nights, both were filthy, in one room the toilet wouldn't flush, the noise was incredible, even the kids complained! The street outside was covered in vomit and broken beer bottles my 9yo daughter was verbally sexually harassed as we walked passed the pub and was so frightened she wouldn't open the window on her room despite the hot weather! Location might be alright if you're into bars and pubs but not for a family. my biggest gripe was the fact they gave their adddress as Kensington as it is an entirely different type of neighbourhood	
Mar 23 2004	Great Location	Location was truly the best part of this hotel. Earl's court tube station literally right around the corner. The room we had was another story. Great bathroom, large, full tub, great shower w/ shower curtain. Rug was stained in multiple places and the beds were the most uncomfortable I have ever slept on. The beds were also very noisy. Walls are paper thin, so if you have a noisy neighbor....we brought earplugs. Continental breakfast was included in our rate. Adequate breakfast, skip the coffee and go for the tea. Waitstaff was mixed, not overly friendly, but good enough. Eating area, lobby, etc were very clean. Local papers provided in the lobby along with a lot of tour papers, and sightseeing booklets. Front desk staff was great. Coffee/tea maker is room was nice. They provide you with little packets of tea, coffee, sugar, etc. Skip the coffee here too. Pub at the end of the street was loud and rude people. Waitstaff very unfriendly. Lots of other places to go for food.	
Mar 19 2004	I've stayed her 5 times I like it	I have stayed here 5 times in the past 3 years and I like the hotel staff is nice, breakfast is pretty good, but that isnt the most important thing to me, but the coffee is terrible, we usually walk down the street to Coffee republic or Costa coffee and get some good coffee. We have stayed in 2 dif kind of rooms, reg double room and family room with 2 double beds and a fold out couch and liked them both. Bathrooms were large for Europe and I love the Earls Court location. I have stayed at 3 other hotels in the area. The Burns, The Oxford and the Rushmore and I like this best. Good Restaurants around here also. Try Dinos right next to tube on Earls Ct RD.	
Jan 21 2004	Great location good value		
Jan 11 2004	Surprisingly Pleased.......		
Dec 4 2003	Never again!		
Nov 30 2003	Location is it's best feature		
Nov 15 2003	Filthy Terrible Experience		
Oct 13 2003	Quaint and very convenient		
Sep 9 2003	Great English Breakfast		
Aug 28 2003	Good service and great location		
Jul 8 2003	Convenience Location		
Jan 16 2003	Beautiful private park across the street		
Jan 16 2003	Très bon rapport qualité-prix!		
Jan 16 2003	Earl's Court??????????		
Nov 9 2009 	Molto carino....scricchiolante		
Nov 6 2009 	????????		
Nov 6 2009 	Buon rapporto qualità/prezzo		
Oct 22 2009 	consigliato ma.............		
Oct 15 2009 	Incubo "mouse"		
Oct 9 2009 	Très beau séjour		
Sep 24 2009 	Hotel correcto te dan lo que pagas		
Sep 23 2009 	non vale quanto costa		
Sep 21 2009 	bien placé		
Sep 4 2009 	Super Lage winzige Betten		
Aug 26 2009 	Tout à fait convenable dans l'ensemble		
Aug 26 2009 	Un hotel muy bueno y bien situado y a precio razonable.		
Aug 20 2009 	horrible		
Aug 2 2009 	Guter Durchschnitt günstige Lage		
Jul 29 2009 	Bon rapport qualité/Prix		
Jul 15 2009 	???Earl's Court ??????????????		
Jul 1 2009 	Ottima posizione		
Jun 11 2009 	Emplacement idéal et confort à Londres		
Jun 2 2009 	Conveniente rapporto qualità/prezzo		
May 17 2009 	hotel très bien placé		
May 10 2009 	Un scarso 3stelle		
Mar 30 2009 	buon hotel		
Mar 30 2009 	Ottimo rapporto qualità-prezzo		
Feb 25 2009 	?????????!!		
Jan 15 2009 	non economico ma semplicemente il prezzo giusto per un ostello con camere doppie		
Jan 8 2009 	Hotel bien placé mais.....		
Jan 7 2009 	nie wieder		
Jan 3 2009 	Mica male!		
Jan 2 2009 	Ottima posizione		
Dec 18 2008 	Buena relación calidad precio.Recomendable		
Nov 25 2008 	Non consigliabile		
Nov 5 2008 	très bon hotel		
Oct 31 2008 	super hotel		
Oct 28 2008 	Abgewohnt und immer kalt		
Oct 22 2008 	consigliato!		
Sep 2 2008 	Esperienza positiva		
Sep 2 2008 	Buon rapporto qualità/prezzo		
Aug 18 2008 	Très convenable pour Londres		
Aug 1 2008 	No lo recomendaría a nadie		
May 30 2008 	ottima sorpresa		
Mar 29 2008	Buena opcion para visitar Londres		
Mar 7 2008	Ottimo Hotel		
Jan 13 2008 	Hotel da dimenticare		
Jan 2 2008 	No era lo que mes esperaba		
Nov 30 2007 	comodo e confortevole		
Apr 23 2007 	Un hotel muy correcto		
Feb 12 2007 	Londra a prezzi ragionevoli		
Mar 31 2006	Esperabamos más		
