	Great location	Have just returned from three days at the Holiday Inn Bloomsbury from Nov 27th. We could not fault the hotel. We had room 429 right opposite the lift and had no problems sleeping on any of our three nights there. location is great, Euston Station is only 10 mins walk away, so messing with taxi's when you arrive or leave. Lots of places to eat within walking distance, make sure you take a walk into the Bunswick shopping centre right by the hotel, really nice in there and lots of good places to eat. We ate at Giraffe and Strada which we could not fault. Would highly recommend using the Big Bus Company tours to get around, you pick up the bus on the main road buy the hotel, it drops you at Trafalgar Square where you can collect the other buses to different attractions, brilliant way to get around, 48 hr pass for the two of us cost £50 and we well had are moneys worth [one ten minute taxi ride back from the strand cost us £10 and that was around 10pm so when the traffic is busy I'm sure the price would be a lot higher. To sum up great location, great breakfast, nice staff, would highly recommend.	
Nov 14 2009 	Its a holiday inn!	Well, I don't want you to think I'm being negative, but when you've stayed in enough of these types of hotels, you can pretty much make your way around blindfolded. They are usually pretty consisitent in what you get, which is, in the main, why people use them. In this particular case we chose the holiday inn because our friend Tracy, managed to get some amazing rates for the weekend. We live in Nottingham, Tim and Tracy live in Reading, so we left the car in Reading and got the train into town. Now the train wasn't cheap, and Tracy doesnt do buses, so we got a taxi to the hotel from the station, all in all at a cost of about £30 per couple, plus the aggravation of carting cases around etc. On arrival at the hotel I noticed there was an underground NCP carpark right next door, that did a weekend rate of £15. So, if we were going to do it again, I'd drive right in (no congestion charge at the weekend either), and it would have been cheaper and more convenient.So, the hotel was typical holiday inn standard, ie higher middle business class. Some us older types remember when a lot of these Holiday Inns were Trusthouse Forte, who charged half as much, but Holiday Inn bought them, painted them a different colour, and doubled the price. Anyway, the first thing I noticed was the amazing array of exotic accents amongst the staff there. I don't think I heard a single &quot;cockney&quot; accent anywhere in the hotel - not making any kind of political comment here, its just an observation - but the upside of it is that you kind of feel like you've travelled abroad, which all adds to the excitement.Breakfast was nice, but busy. A little bit of queuing but we werent in a hurry. Food was nice, we obviously went for the full fatboy, and the girls ordered poached eggs which were cooked to order.OK so I can't say too much about what the hotel is like during the day because we headed off into town to be tourists. What I would say is that you've got Russell Square on your doorstep and the British museum, which is just a totally fab place, soho and theatre land just down the way, and of course you are minutes from central london by tube.We had a cracking time wandering around London. If you are a Brit and you haven't been for a few years, go check it out one weekend, it really is a superb city to visit now. I always poo-poo-ed it in favour of Paris or Rome but I am willing to admit I was overlooking a jewell on my own doorstep.Both evenings we didn't eat in the hotel, we went out, and had a great time. On Saturday night we returned to the vicinity after our meal, and rather than drink in the hotel bar (which like many hotel bars, despite what they try, does lack ambience) we headed for a local pub. It was about 10.45 I guess, and it took a while to get sorted out, and the guy behind the bar talked me into buying a bottle of red for the girls instead of two glasses because it was better value, then on the dot of 11, he rang the bell for drinking up time! Once again, I think back to all the hoo-har about 24 hour drinking in the UK, why is it whenever I go to a pub (with the exception of my own local), we are still back in the 70's calling time at 11 on a saturday night. There was no negotiation, so we headed back to the hotel bar for a nightcap, unfinished bottle in hand!Even in the hotel, after midnight, it was night porter service, which always makes me feel like a bit of desperate alky!Hey ho.Anyway, long and short is that if you want to do the touristy thing in london at the weekend, shop around to see whether you can get a discount voucher for this hotel, check first about the carpark, but unless its changed, I'd drive my car here (its dead easy to find) and park in the NCP, and if want to have a late nightcap with your mates, buy a bottle of wine and a 4 pack of stella in Sainsburys before you leave home, pack them in your suitcase, and have your nightcap with your friends in your room (whilst being considerate about noise of course!).Hope that helps, and like I said, London is a cracking place now - give it a try.	
Nov 6 2009 	Confortable And Convenient	Warm welcome from reception - could not access room early but able to do check in paperwork and store luggage. Check in very efficient. Clean room- standard Holiday Inn - it was a bit on the small side but I guess this is London. On the gripe side - my husband could hear the occupants of the next room in the early hours. Very convenient for transport - only a block away from Russell square tube and buses at the end of the street. We purchased breakfast vouchers - the breakfast kept us going all day until Dinner time- excellent! Breakfast was self service - the hotel was very busy but we only had to wait an few minutes to choose our main items on Saturday morning. Could do with one more toaster as queus did develop there. All Employees were polite and helpful. I also liked having to insert your room card in the lift to gain access to other floors - a good security item. Many locations such as Eurostar Terminal, British Museum and Leicester square and Holborn within walking distance.	
Nov 6 2009 	Tourist recommended	Great hotel, great location.Staff were helpful and welcoming. Although we arrived before check in time they made every effort to make at least 1 of the 2 rooms, we required ,available.Rooms very nice - clean and modern.Parking in public car park a little steep, pity no reduction for guests.Hotel 1 min from Tube so idea for sight seeing.Great weekend - made ,in part , by a great hotel.Will use it again.	
Oct 31 2009 	So So hotel in good location	Clean and comfortable chain hotel in very good location. Average room (no minibar/fridge, small but functional bathroom, standard holiday inn decor). No real complaints. Minor gripes - waiting in the lobby past 2pm whilst other guests checked straight into their rooms - second consecutive time this has happened to me at holiday inns) and street noise from inadequate windows (hotel appears to be in the process of replacing these throughout the hotel). Other than that fine, good point - cleanliness, an ansolute must for me. Breakfast expensive £16.95 if not part of room rate, OK but nothing special.	
Oct 20 2009 	Don't stay in this hotel if you want to sleep	Although we live in one of the busiest streets in Amsterdam and we are used to a lot of city noise, we found this hotel extremely noisy. As well as from the inside as from the street. The double windows do not help at all and in the hallway there are extra double doors to reduce the noise, but all these doors do is create a lot of extra noise. They close them at night and every time someone passes the doors it's like they try to open the door to your room. The rooms are very small, but I guess that's normal for a London hotel room. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone that is looking for a place to sleep.	
Oct 19 2009 	Very good choice	We recently stayed for five nights. We were very pleased with the location which is one block from the Russell Square tube station on the Piccadilly Line. We loved being close to Piccadilly and Leicester Squares in the evening. The check-in desk and concierge were top notch. Very friendly! We were given the option of purchasing breakfast tickets for about 10 pounds each. We ate the breakfast buffet twice. It was expensive but had a great selection and was a nice treat. The other mornings, we went across to the outside shopping market and ate at a little cafe called Apostrophe. I highly recommend the little place! The market also had a grocery store, drug store, coffee shops, clothing stores, etc.The Holiday Inn rooms were small, but we did fine for five nights. The bathrooms were very small. Housekeeping was outstanding. The room had a hot water pot with tea and instant coffee. The beds were comfy. We didn't use room service and or expensive internet.	
Oct 16 2009 	Very good value lousy bathroom!	Location of this hotel is very good - just on the tube line from Heathrow. Friendly staff, efficient concierge. Excellent breakfast (if included in your rate). The bathroom (at least in the 6th floor, where we stayed) is below standards: water pressure does not allow you to take a decent shower, toilet flushing must be done by extensive &quot;pumping&quot;, and strange noises coming out of the sink. Certainly not what you expect from a Holiday Inn!!!	
Oct 15 2009 	Holiday Inn standards in the middle of London	Clean hotel up to U.S. Holiday Inn standards. Located two blocks from the Russell Square Tube station, across the street from a shopping plaza with several restaurants, etc. Sparse no-frills lobby and rooms.	
Oct 8 2009 	Clean hotel good location	We stayed in a double room and it is very clean and well-designed for a tight space. There were two of us with bags and computers but we had just enough space for it all. We asked for a quiet room to be away from the pub noise on the ground floor and they were able to put us on the 3rd floor with windows looking into the interiors space. No view but it was quiet.Great location - half a block from the Russell Square tube station and lots of buses. The Tesco Express is open 24 hours a day and across the street there are lots of shops and restaurants at Brunswick Centre - a kind of outdoor mall. The Hare &amp; Tortoise is a good, inexpensive asian food place. Not a lot of ambience but it stays open late and the food is clean.	
Oct 7 2009 	Good value in centre of town	Loved this place. I booked it on strength of other reviewers on here and they are dead right. It's very well priced for being right in the heart of the city with the benefit of the tube nearby and 24 hours tescos / restaurants and shops in Brunswick Place next doorBreakfast was great, the service throughout was wonderful, staff really seemed to care about the place. Only drawback is small rooms which I wouldn't fancy staying in for longer than a couple of days	
Sep 21 2009 	Perfect Location for sightseeing	This hotel is great if you're spending a few days in the city. It is one stop away from Kings Cross on the tube and the underground stop is literally around the corner from the hotel. The rooms are quite small but have everything you need including a fridge and hairdryer. Breakfast is buffet style with loads of choice. We found all the staff to be really attentive and helpful.There is an Irish Bar attached to the hotel, so if you fancy a pint of Guiness and some Irish stew then this is the place to head on an eveningCant wait to go back next year and visit all the places we didnt get chance to this time	
Sep 16 2009 	Will stay again convenient lively quiet friendly	we stayed there for 6 nights. Location is excellent. Once go out from Russel Square Tube station (it's on the same line after coming to the city from Heathrow, so no need to change line), there is a 24 hours Tesco convenience store in front of station. Go straight into the small street from its right side the you will immediately see the Holiday Inn sign. There is a pub and hotel bar open late at night. A shopping arcade called Bloomsbury Waitrose is right next block where has many restaurants, Starbucks, Drugstores, Vodaphone store (where you can buy the pay as you go SIM card for 5 pounds + minutes you need). Russel Square is a major tourist station where has a police office inside the station. Hotel throughout very clean, staff are friendly, helpful, efficient. Room shower has good water pressure. We stayed at the 5th floor, quiet and nice maintained. The only negatives are 1. refrigerator temperature seems not working properly. we couldn't chill our beer and drinks. had to ask for bucket of ice every night from the bar.2. we booked with Expedia and were told we could only get the special rate room which has a very small &quot;double&quot; bed for my partner and I. We still wonder that room is actually a Single room for solo traveler. No way it can fit a regular size husband &amp; wife.3. Internet access costs 15 pounds/day. I think it should be complimentary as this is also a business hotel plus internet is already a necessity.4. The towels were rough. Feel like Sand Paper. They really should change them.overall, I am pleased with staying here. I will stay again only that will make sure I and my partner stays the same dress size.Tips: try the Cider called &quot;Bulmbers&quot;, it is delicious. we miss that so much. Also, DO NOT try to access the internet from the Pub across the street. We tried to search for Free flowing signals and got virus on our computer right away.	
Sep 15 2009 	Nicely Remodeled close to Tube and Kings Cross/St. Pancres	This hotel was much nicer than a Crown Plaza we had stayed at in London. Lobby was nice, whole inside of the hotel had a new modern feel to it, and rooms were delightfully nice (small, but same size as most London hotels). Bed was comfortable, bathroom was nice, shower had great water pressure, room was very clean, and all was great. Only negative was that the windows didn't appear to open. Other than the British Musuem, aren't many other tourist sites to walk to. But Russell Square tube stop is only one block away. And it's a short walk to the Kings Cross/St. Pancres station which made it nice when coming from Gatwick airport or taking the Eurostar to Paris. I would definitely stay here again and recommend this to others.	
Sep 12 2009 	Friendly helpful staff...	Stayed at the Holiday Inn, Bllomsbury, in order to be in London for my daughter's graduation ceremony. My wife and I were hugely impressed by the calibre of the hotel staff. From the friendly and helful receptionist, to the fastidious cleaning staff, to the table server for whom nothing was too much trouble, they were a great team. The room was a modest size, and in London nothing's exactly cheap, but we enjoyed the easy going atmosphere and pleasant public areas. Another plus point was that there is a car park directly under the hotel. It cost me £20.00 for 24 hours, but believe me it was worth it for the peace of mind obtained through parking in a secure area that was manned 24/7. The restaurant offered a good range of food, very much to my taste. I prefer simple dishes well cooked to the irritatingly small and fussy portions of 'cheffy nonsense' that some hotels seem to think will impress. Service was superb! Breakfast is to be highly recommended - buffet style with something for everyone. All this in a location in pleasant Bloomsbury, with easy access to central London attractions.David, Bristol	
Sep 10 2009 	Good value; great location	The hotel is located on two side streets with little traffic or pedestrian noise in rooms. It is adjacent to the Brunswick Center which has shops, a grocery store, and good quality inexpensive restaurants--try Nandos for Portugese style barbecued chicken and Crussh for your morning porridge with bananas and honey. The hotel restaurant is too expensive. It's also only one block from the Russell Square tube (subway) stop. Overall quality is similar to US Holiday Inns.	
Sep 6 2009 	Excellent Hotel	Stayed here as my first preference close to St pancras was unavailable for the date I needed, My god I'm so happy that was the case.On arrival the receptionist was attentive and helpful, offering to make meal reservations, and offering information on the locality while she tended to the mundane checking in process.I was impressed with the reception area and both my partner and I had a good feelng after check-in, then we arrived on the first floor as we had booked an executive room, the surrounding lobby for the lifts was plush and elegant and had a really dynamic feel to it, toilets available next to the lifts for the business centre was a nice touch I felt.We entered our room and found it to be clean beyond all expection, the split level room with the lounge area at the farend looked wonderful, the decor was crisp and everything was really well placed, obviously we thought it had been designed very very well. I checked the view from the window not expecting much from a first floor room and we found we were right above the main entrance and the Irish Bar right beisde it, this worried us about sleeping with drunks late at night, but this was not the case, the room didn't suffer from any sort of noise, even the standard things you expect in a hotel like banging doors etc were nowhere to be found, the Aircon was fantastic and cooled the room almost instantly and was soo easy to use.After checking out the room we walked to The British Musuem, and found a Tesco Express and various other shops just around the corner beisde the tube station.After an excellent nights sleep I woke early and headed across the road to the shopping centre toStarbuck's a nice area seems well presented for central London and pleasant, could almost be a small town anywhere, which was lovely.Overally a fantastic stay and will be staying here again as much as possible, my partner and I have fallen in love with the hotel.	
Sep 6 2009 	Definately stay here again!!!	Booked 4 nights through Show and STay, for my 40th birthday with 4 friends... what a fabulous time, the rooms are pretty much standard but clean and airy.. the bar and restaurant were clean and comfortable.. breakfast Outstanding... but best of all were the staff.. they couldn't have been more helpful or friendly. They actually made our stay run smoothly and were very involved in the &quot;little surprises&quot; that kept turning up... I would without doubt stay here again..So easy to get to all the place you need with the tube station a minutes walk away ..	
Sep 1 2009 	I was surprised.	Considering that this is a central London hotel (well, almost central), this hotel is nice and is good value for money.I was so pleased with my stay, I had to find the manager to tell him.I'm spreading the word within my Company to get others to use this hotel.Exec rooms really nice for the price.	
Sep 1 2009 	awesome location and top value	This hotel and its staff is great, excellent value 4 star hotel with top facilities.Easy access to so much, and tube is just round the corner, grocery shop straight opposite.Breakfast excellant!Twin room very spacious	
Aug 25 2009 	Excellent Location!!!	The hotel is awesome. It is one block from the Russell Square tube station on the Picadilly line. The Picadilly line is very convenient to lots of places like the Picadilly Circus. Also, Russell Square is only one block from the St Pancras station where you can catch the Eurostar trains to Brussels or Paris. I would stay at this hotel again. I got a super deal on Expedia and I stayed here for four nights. If you are worried about expensive food, there is a Tesco supermarket around the corner where you can get cold sandwiches and drinks for 2GBP altogether. You can stock up on food and drinks before heading back for the night. Or there is another chain of supermarkets call Sainsbury about 10 minutes walk away where you can buy hot Indian meals for under 3GBP each. The portions are great and tasty. An HSBC bank is also one block away for easy cash withdrawal. The neighborhood is safe and full of life even at late hours. As for the hotel itself, its quite old on the outside but some floors and rooms have been renovated. The room we stayed in seems quite worn out but is clean and simple and spacious on the top floor. The bathroom is HUGE but the water pressure of the shower is not strong enough. This could vary from room to room though. Although the rooms are nothing to be thrilled about, the beds are super comfortable. I got a good nights sleep every night after long hours of walking around London during the day. The rooms are OK and no frills but the location is the best part of it.The British Pound is expensive compared to US Dollars but if you want to save some money, buy food from the supermarkets instead of eating at restaurants and buy an Oyster card for tube and bus. It can save you almost half. Just top up as much as you want and you can even get a refund for unused fares. Honestly I have not found a restaurant I am crazy about in London with the exception of a fast food Fish and Chips place near the Tower of London. It’s in a basement near the ticket booth. The Fish is tasty and fresh.	
Aug 18 2009 	Would stay again.	ProsGary, the concierge was great. A walking Google. 1 block from the Tube.3 blocks from British Museum.Across the street from grocery/mall.Local eateriesCalled room service for pillow and arrived in an hour.2 blocks from laundry ( no I'm not paying $5 to wash my underwear ) ConsAverage room. Breakfast was 11 pounds and at a discount for Premier members! We didn't sign up and ate at local eateries and saved 50%	
Aug 16 2009 	Comfortable/Great Location	Very good quality Hotel, London Hotels can be very disappointing and overpriced but this is just right.Very comfortable, clean and with very friendly staff.Brilliant location for all London 'stuff' and locally good range of shops which was very unexpected. The Brunswick centre opposite has some usual high street stores but some more 'upmarket' ones. Great eating with fair prices, including Yo! sushi/Giraffe/Carluccis/Patisserie Valerie/Starbuck to name a few!!!Great transport nearby, but do yourself a favour and walk!! Some of the back streets on the way have some very interesting shops/restaurants/cafes.	
Aug 15 2009 	Great location would stay again.	Hotel was very clean. We booked 2 single beds (mom and I traveled together) The location was fantastic. The Russell Square tube station was around the corner. There are many grocery stores right nearby also. Wireless fee was ridiculous (about $30 a day American money) so I just went to Pret a Manger (yummy coffee and Sandwiches) around the corner and used the free wi-fi. There are also many internet cafes around London where you can use the internet for an hour for a pound. There is a &quot;Fitness First&quot; gym that you can use for the day for $10 also if walking around London isn't enough exercise or the weather is inclement.No complaints here and would stay again.	
Aug 14 2009 	Pleasantly surprised how good this hotel is	We stayed six nights in a nice quiet &quot;Superior&quot; room which we found big enough and a huge bed plus all usual conveniences but no room safe. We used a front desk safety deposit system which while secure was not as convenient as a room safe. Arrival first impression was no hovering Bell Boy which suited us however assistance is available if required. Very helpful and efficient staff all round. Good breakfast. Excellent location to Russell Square Tube station, bus stops including the Original London Sightseeing Tour open top hop on/off bus. Also a nearby pick up point for Premium Tours to Windsor Castle, Stonehenge &amp; Bath etc which saves time and trekking to Victoria Bus Station. Many eating places nearby plus shops including a huge Waitrose supermarket where money saving rotissoried chicken and salad can be purchased along with bottle of wine to enjoy in hotel room. A good Laundrette is nearby. When we departed the Concierge hailed a London Black cab for us. St Pancras Eurostar station is also close by. We'll stay here again	
Jul 30 2009 	All around good stay	We had 2 nights in a Crowne Plaza we were unhappy with and then came here. We had a &quot;family&quot; room which was quite a good size with an extra sleeper couch. The staff was extremely helpful and friendly. The location was fantastic and lots of store nearby for groceries and essentials. A central tube line is around the block and it's walking distance to sevral other major tube stops. The breakfast buffet was very good and there are plenty of good places to eat a wlak away. All in all it was an excellent value; a large room that would sleep 4 at $145 with full english breakfast.	
Jul 23 2009 	Great place to stay	This was my first trip to London. Loved this hotel. It was a block from the Russell Square Tube Station. Had a great little grocery store across from the Tube. The employees in this hotel was great. Very knowledgable about the area and could give you directions for about anywhere you wanted to go. Nice quiet area and easy also to get to the buses to travel around London. Close to the British Musuem and a great little park (Russell Square Park). I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 22 2009 	good location-room was smallbut typical with London hotels	Good location for west end,friendly staff &amp; fast check in &amp; out. Room was small but this is typical with alot of London hotels. Got a very good deal ( £116 dinner bed &amp; breakfast ) so can't complain. Just round the corner from Russell Square tube.	
Jul 21 2009 	One of the worst hotels I've ever stayed at	I really can't say anything positive about this hotel to be honest.The room was small, cramped, dated and had a view of air conditioning ducts out of the window.Room service was almost inedible and breakfast was marginally better.Luckily I stayed with work so didn't have to pay because otherwise I would've demanded a refund and moved to another hotel...!	
Jul 20 2009 	Convenient location with good basic amentities	Stayed here for a week-long business trip. Overall, would stay again the next time I need a hotel near the office. Pros:- V. close to Russell Square tube stop (basically it's right behind the hotel)- The Brunswick shopping center is across the street so there are restaurants, a Waitrose grocery store, 2 pharmacies, a Starbucks, etc. all within walking distance.- Clean rooms with basic amenities like hair dryer and a mini fridge (not a mini bar in my room).Cons:- The rooms are a bit small, from an American point of view. But good sized from RoW view point.- If your room is facing the streets (esp. Coram St) then it can be very noisy due to the pubs and also the drunks stumbling back to the hotel at 1am.- While I understand they wish to be environmentally friendly, if I follow the rules on the bathroom sign and put my towels on the floor, I'd like fresh, new towels -- not my old towels hung back up.- Internet connection (both Wifi and Ethernet) costs £15 for 24 hours.	
Jul 14 2009 	Good location Great Service	Stayed for 1 night on business, great location with loads of shops and tube near by. Rooms as you would expect from a Holiday Inn, general areas very plush.	
Jul 10 2009 	Central hotelgood value.	My friend and I have stayed at this hotel several times. Rooms very clean, bathroom small, but adequate. Lots of choice at breakfast. Able to leave case ar the hotel after checking out. Helpful staff.Russell Square tube station only a few minutes walk away. Close to the West End.Waitrose &amp; Boots opposite. Coffee bar and mini supermaket round the corner.Taxis always around. Close to St Pancras &amp; Kings Cross.Can highly recommend.	
Jun 23 2009 	You get a bit more than what you pay for	London accommodations are expensive, especially in Central London. The Holiday Inn Bloomsbury is, for the money, a good value. Check-in was not great, but the basic rooms are comfortable and relatively large for London standards in this price range. Despite the thin-ish walls and loud elevators, the location of the hotel makes these things easy to overlook. You often get what you pay for in European hotels, but the HI Bloomsbury gives you more than the typical London budget hotel. Internet access is pricey, but if you are on a budget in London, this is a good place to consider.	
Jun 17 2009 	Worst check in ever!	I stayed here for two night in April and experienced the absolute worst check-in ever. The young woman working on reception looked me up and down as if I were a tramp checking into the Ritz. No greeting, no smile, no conversation. She handed me a room key and told me the elevator was behind me. Considering the three lifts are literally 10 feet from the reception desk, she went all out there. Then the bloody room key didn't wotk and I had to return (to a different staff member thankfully) to have it recoded.Since my last stay in this hotel, nothing has changed. The rooms are still small but they are clean and comfortable. The hotel has an excellent location beside Russell Square tube station and the more energetic can walk to Covent Garden in about 15 minutes.The buffet breakfast was a good selection and thankfully no of the other staff members I met during my stay were anything like the sour, unhelpful woman I had the misfortune to meet on check-in.There is an Irish themed bar in the hotel which has a good atmosphere and usually shows any live sports that are on tv.	
Jun 11 2009 	Great location - would stay again	We stayed for four nights in an executive room. The executive level in this hotel is the first floor (American 2nd floor) where the meeting rooms are. Our friends had a standard room. The executive room was slightly larger and had upgraded furnishings and paneling. The standard room was nice and spacious (for a city hotel). Next time I would probably book the standard room. The upgrades were not enough to reflect the price differential. It is a Holiday Inn and the guestrooms and facilities met our expectations.The hotel is very close to the Russell Square tube station and a short walk to the British Museum. It is definitely in a tourist area. Brunswick Centre is cattycorner to the hotel and has a nice grocery store and restaurants. We liked Carluccio's and Nando's. Carluccio's has a nice breakfast. (We did not eat at the hotel.) We would stay here again.	
Jun 8 2009 	Nice hotel shame about the dinner	We had booked this hotel as part of a theatre package which included accommodation, evening meal and breakfast. The room was basic, bathroom small but adequate for what we needed. The evening meal before going to the theatre was awful. It closely resembled a frozen TV dinner, frozen roast potatoes and frozen mixed veg! Although it was a hot buffet the food was dished out by the chef and only very small portions offered. The puddings looked lovely, and unlike the main meal these were freely available for us to help ourselves... sadly they were frozen too and my dish of trifle still had ice in the middle. I was disappointed and wouldn’t recommend the evening meal.The hotel is next to a pub and at 3am the following morning we were woken by crowds of youngsters hanging around outside the front of the hotel chatting loudly with car engines running. I have to say, the breakfast was excellent. Freshly cooked with plenty of choice.As there are so many hotels in the area when I next book a theatre package I doubt I’d return to the Holiday Inn at Bloomsbury, sadly for me the evening meal let them down.	
Jun 3 2009 	Fantastic location with amazing breakfast	We walked from Euston to this hotel (equidistant from Kings Cross) and found it had a shopping a center adjacent to it as well as the tube and Tesco Express. Room was standard but breakfast great with fruit, cereal &amp; full English. Pub adjoining with fair prices for meals &amp; drinks. Left Luggage a complimentary extra, so we did our sightseeing without worrying about our cases.	
May 30 2009	Ideal location for most travellers especially tourists.	As mentioned by at least one other reviewer, this hotel was the chosen hotel for a Yorkshire - London Tours Weekend. We didn't realise at the time just what a gem it was. Including travel by coach from Yorkshire, and a two night stay with breakfast, the cost was £258.00 - not the cheapest of weekends, but well worth the money to re-aquaint ourselves with London, its hotels, and hotel locations. Especially this Holiday Inn. This was, apart from the more expensive 4 and 5 star hotels, the one that if given the chance, we'd opt for every time - if the price and allocated bedroom was right. To get it out of the way, the downsides were:1 - A bedroom that overlooked nothing but other hotel rooms, and what I presume were the outlets for the air-conditioning workings and machinations. So no view, but none was needed. We were in London after all.2 - The need for guests to be more vigilant with their personal possessions. One lady, (from a different coach tour), was unfortunate to have her handbag taken. Please take note that wherever you stay in London, you need to look after your valuables, and this was not the fault of the hotel, who looked to be trying as best as they could to alleviate the lady's distress. And that's it, apart from some very minor things like having a (very large) fridge, but nothing in it? But that proved to be a bonus- as we stored milk and our own drinks in it - and no explanation of how the swipe cards worked the lifts - so very minor negatives. This is a hotel with a quick change about, so it's not 'cosy' but it's not inhospitable either. The receptionists and booking in staff were excellent, considering it was a very busy weekend.The positives were:1 - An ideal location in a relatively quiet square.2 - An ideal location in a relatively quiet square that (apart from the room allocation perhaps) did not make coach visitors feel like second-class citizens, which is how we'd viewed these tour hotels in the past..3 - A hearty breakfast that we'd gladly have paid more for. If you need freshly cooked eggs for example, it' was only a short wait. The serving staff were efficient, fast, and a credit to the hotel. Whoever you were - thank you. Your hospitality was much appreciated. 4 - The proximity to the tube station and all the London attractions.5 - Despite the missing handbag, the feeling that we were in a safe area. It was a hotel that I'd choose if I was staying alone.6 - Clean rooms, clean bed linen, and clean towels, and ample toiletries provided for a weekend. The same for the hospitality tray but if you like an extra coffee sachet without disturbing the staff, take a small amount in a quick-lock container :-) I could go on and on, but this is a lovely Holiday Inn, albeit a very busy one with airline staff booking in at all times of the day and night - another positive in my humble opinion - coach parties too - but in an area where you can easily walk to a take-away, a shopping centre, a chemist, and there's an Irish bar attached, and the pub opposite was lively but friendly and well policed. At no point did I feel afraid when I wandered away from the hotel. Tips:If you do as we did and buy tickets for the Original Bus Tours, there's a stop that's very near to the hotel and cuts out the need to travel on the tubes (but make a note of the running times and stops. I think the one that took us back to near the hotel was between 5 and 6 PM, but very handy for us nevertheless. We had to be back out an hour later. ) If you need to travel further afield, then do buy an Oyster card. I can't rate those highly enough, but this hotel is so central, that you'd need to add very little money to them.If you're on a budget, buy any necessities at the local Tesco - including snacks, bottled water etc, which is were the empty fridge came in handy. The same fr toiletries: the Boots pharmacist is just across the road.If you're booking this hotel, I think I can safely say (from our short visit) that the housekeeping staff are a credit, as are the waiting staff at breakfast time. It's being added to my favourite hotels in London folder :-)Would we go again? Too right we would! :) Thank you to all that helped to make our stay such a pleasant one. We'll be back soon, I hope.	
May 24 2009 	Great Location.	A comfortable hotel conveniently located near Russell Square and British Museum. About a block away from the Russell Square Underground and next to s small shopping centre with sushi restaurants, a cinema and a Boots. Also a reasonable walk (or 5 UKP taxi fare) from St. Pancreas Station, if you are on the Eurostar. We were in London for theatre, so it had good connections to Leicester Square/Piccadilly Circus/Chinatown.Also a short walk to The Lamb on Lamb Conduit, one of the best pubs in London.What I didn’t like. Wireless internet was available, but for 15UKP a day. Hotels lose big points with me when the wireless isn’t free. And most Holiday Inns in the US have free wireless. This one didn’t. Boo Holiday Inn. Mini-fridge wasn‘t working. The hotel is investigating a new “scheme” for fridges and while they are doing that, well, too bad. Worse, it looks like a movement sensitive system they are considering. Move an item in the mini-fridge and it goes on your bill whether you use it or not. Boo again Holiday Inn. TV was an older tube model, rather than the flat screens commonly found in most hotels these days. Finally, walls were rather thin. You could easily hear TVs and people in other rooms and hallways.Good points. Nice size room for two. TV remote had a paper sleeve that detailed the available channels (liked that). Air conditioner was powerful - although it mysteriously turned off during the night. Switch it on again and no more problems. Coffee/Tea in room. Safe in closet. Furnishings new and functional. Reception staff were helpful and friendly.Breakfast was included in the room rate and was better than most. The normal ingredients to a British breakfast plus fresh fruit combinations and various breads, juices and cereals.I had stayed here years ago and considering the price and location, would most likely stay there again. Unless I found something close by for the same price that was quieter with free wireless.	
May 21 2009 	Lovely American-style biz hotel	This is a pretty great Holiday Inn... the rooms are not large but very well appointed; my bathroom had a great shower and water pressure. Nice large tea set in the room with an electric pot. My only complaint is the lack of TV channels (only 15, which to me is sparse, since most hotels have 40+), and the in-room internet is CRAZY expensive (around US$17 for a 24-hour period... insane!).The location is FANTASTIC... blocks from the British Museum, 1/2 block from the Russell Square tube stop, etc. Really easy to walk everywhere from here.I got my room for $95/night on Priceline, which is crazy cheap and makes me very happy :-)	
May 16 2009 	Excellent Hotel in great location	Stayed here recently for anniversary weekend. Speedy check-in by helpful and polite staff. No queue at all and after a few minutes we were in our Executive room on the first floor. Room clean with all the amenities expected of a 4 star hotel. Room was very quiet, despite being on first floor, but Coram Street is not very busy with traffic, so that was welcome. Bathroom clean and well maintained and excellent selection of toiletries and bits and pieces. We did have a couple of minor housekeeping issues which were dealt with efficiently and swiftly by the manager, Mr Hennessy - a great guy!We did not eat at the hotel, but used the Irish Bar where service was brilliant and polite, and the Guinness was great. All in all a good stay in a nice quiet location, yet only a few steps away from Tube and Bus stops. Returning later in the year and this will be our first choice.	
May 15 2009 	Great location food and very helpful staff!	First trip to London with my sister and 6 year old daughter. Hotel in FAB location - we were able to walk to Oxford Street shopping and Euston Train station. Hotel staff were fantastic and really went out there way to help us with our plans,directions,busses (especially the male concierge - thanks!). The room was fine and the extra bed was all set up ready for us. We were amazed how quiet our room was at night! We paid for the breakfast the day before (cheaper than paying on the day if you are room only). Would definitely recommend the breakfast - it caters for all and really sets you up for the day - we didn't need anything till dinner time! Also ate lunch in the irish bar - was really good, fresh bar food.	
May 15 2009	Our Fabulous Trip to London	May 3 – In transitMay 4 – Arrived in London and checked into The Holiday Inn, Bloomsbury about 4:00 PM. This hotel is in a wonderful location. It is ½ block from Russell Square tube station, and close to the British Museum. Unlike many of the hotels in Bloomsbury, it’s not on a busy street, but on a small quiet street.We were so tired that we decided to eat dinner in our room. Across the street from the hotel is a Waitrose market. We got salad from the salad bar, fruit, nuts, tea and bottled water. Dinner revived me and we took a short walk around the neighborhood passing Russell Square and the British Museum. May 5 – It was a short walk to the Euston train station to get 7 day Travelcards with the railway logo on them.We wanted to take the Hop On Off Bus and stay on for the entire time. They recommended going on their free walking tour to see the Guards. So we did. We had a hysterically funny guide. He told us he was taking us to a place where we’d get an unobstructed view of the Guards, instead of standing with the huge crowd at Buckingham Palace. We went to St James Palace; and it was amazing to have unobstructed views. They played When The Saints Go Marching In while in formation, before they left the palace. I got such good pictures. Then we walked along the road where the Guards were marching towards Buckingham Palace. We went to St. Martins in The Field for lunch at their Café in the Crypt. The tuna sandwiches were good. I did a brass rubbing there and enjoyed doing it. Then we got back on the bus, went to Tower Hill and took their free cruise back to Westminster. It was cold and windy on top of the bus and on the cruise; but I got some good pictures. We were still jet lagged and went back to the hotel. We stopped at Waitrose for salad. They have a bakery there with really good baklava.May 6 – My husband is a soccer (football) fan and we had booked a tour of Wembley Stadium. It lasts 90 minutes and if you are a soccer fan, we highly recommend it. On our way there, we got to St Pancras Station early. If you or someone in your family is a Harry Potter fan, you’ll want to take a picture of platform 9 ¾. It’s in the old train station, King’s Cross, which is across the street from St Pancras. When they tell you where to go, you’ll pass right by it. It’s actually in an alcove that’s by 2 sets of bike racks. After the tour, we took the tube to Marble Arch and had lunch at Ranousch Juice. It was good. We then walked along Oxford Street. We popped into Selfridge. It’s a department store that covers an entire city block. We went to Gray’s Antiques and Gray’s Antique Mall – disappointed. As an avid photographer, I had to see the Photographer’s Gallery – another disappointment. These were the only 2 disappointments on the trip.On the way to dinner at Tas Restaurant, we went into the British Museum for a short time. Dinner was good. We looked forward to spending more time at the museum. May 7 – We got to the Tower of London when it opened at 9AM and stayed until 1:30. We used our 2 for 1 coupon. We saw the Crown Jewels and then went on the Warder tour. You have to do this tour. They have a Henry the VIII exhibit that is just wonderful. It was cold and with our snack, all we wanted was a hot drink. Visiting the Tower is a must do. Lunch was at Wagamama’s right near the Tower.Our plan was to next go to the Tower Bridge Exhibiton. As we walked toward the bridge, we saw that the entrance was midway along the bridge. It was cold and windy and we just didn’t want to go into a windier place. So, it was off to Covent Gardens. They had a street performer that did a Charlie Chaplin show with magic. That was fun.That was it for the day. We decided to eat in again. We got salads at Waitrose, cooked chicken, a baguette and dessert. It was so good. May 8 – It was raining when we left the hotel for the British Library. I was in awe of the Treasures Room. Imagine, the Magna Carta, Gutenberg Bible, Da Vinci notebooks, letters from literary giants like Jane Austen and even handwritten songs from the Beatles are all in one room!It had stooped raining when we left the library. What do you do all day with wet umbrellas? Glad Bags has 2 ½ gallon zip lock bags. Both our umbrellas fit in one. We popped it into the day pack. It was time for the British Museum. This is another must do. It’s quite a collection. We walked back to the hotel for a long break – got to watch the British version of The Biggest Loser. We also read. Then we went to Rock and Sole in Covent Garden for our first British Fish and Chips. They have a dining room downstairs that’s painted in an ocean motif. It was good.As big Agatha Christie fans, we just had to see The Mousetrap. It has been playing for 57 years. Can you imagine that? It was absolutely delightful.May 9 – It was Saturday morning and we took the tube to Hyde Park Corner for a walk in the park. It’s a wonderful park. We saw people doing a sport we’d never seen before and asked one of them about it. It’s called roller ski. It’s for cross county ski training. We walked along the Serpentine. It was such an enjoyable walk.Then it was time for the Victoria and Albert Museum. We took an introductory tour that I highly recommend. We had lunch in their café. I just loved this museum. The cast room is really impressive. We had planned on going to the science museum afterwards; but we couldn’t do another museum the same day.We walked to Harrod’s and it was packed. We didn’t spend much time there. We went back to the hotel for another really long break. Dinner was at Masala Zone in Covent Gardens. We loved the food. Then we went to a candlelight concert at St Martins in the Field. It included music from Bach, Handel, and Vivaldi. The acoustics were really good; and the sounds were so rich that they enveloped you. It was a very special event.May 10 – For the first time on our trip, the sky was blue and we wore our sunglasses. We had breakfast at Pret a Manger. I’m a tea drinker. My husband says their coffee is better than Starbucks. We recommend their chocolate croissants and their sandwiches.We went with London Walks to Greenwich. It was such a lovely day. Between what we saw on the tour and on our own, we went to the Painted Hall, the Queen’s House, Maritime Museum, Greenwich Market and the Observatory. Lunch was at Pizza Express. The views from the observatory are spectacular. Taking your picture on Prime Meridian is another must do. We took some good pictures. It was a really good choice for the day.The DLR wasn’t running, so we took the Thames Clipper express back to Westminster Pier. We used our 2 for 1 coupon. There was a TALF pub meet in South Kensington at Queens Arms. It was fun to actually meet some of the people who post regularly on this site. We had fish and chips there.My 11 – Our last full day in London. We had breakfast at Pret a Manger and then it was off to Westminster Abbey. We took the Verger Tour. It’s a magnificent building. I was especially anxious to see the Coronation Chair, Poet’s Corner and Darwin’s grave.This was the day when there were people at a Sri Lanka rally. The amount of police and police vehicles was impressive. They take security a lot more seriously than we do in the U.S. There are CCTVs all over the city. You see a lot of police officers doing foot patrols.We had lunch at Pret a Manger. Then it was time for Churchill Museum and War Cabinet Rooms. This is very well put together; and we enjoyed it.Off to the London Eye. It was fun. Then we started to walk along the Thames, but it was so windy, we decided to go to the National Gallery. Since we were close to Covent Gardens, we walked there for dinner. We weren’t sure where we would have dinner. We walked down Floral Street and there was Masala Zone; and we had our farewell dinner there.May 12 – fly homeSomeone asked me about the weather. It was about 50 degrees when we left in the morning and got to about 62-63 during the day. It was good.I hope I was able to convey what a fabulous time we had.	
May 12 2009 	Convenient Location	We booked a room with triple accupancy for the last day of business trip. The room was a little cramped for two double beds. Otherwise the room was very clean. No refrigerator though. Strange for a hotel of its class. They gave us an extended check out and even brought our luggage down (We had over ten pieces of luggage). The breakfast was substantial.	
Apr 23 2009 	Perfect value for a trip to london	I booked 2 nights at the Holiday Inn for a surprise 21st birthday for my partner, it was part of a theatre break deal. I have to say she didnt have a single thing to complain about and couldnt have asked for a nicer birthday, and this was down to the hotel, its location, the staff, the rooms, well basically everything!The only dissapointment we had was that I had arranged for champagne and strawberries to arrive for 07.45am for my partner and they didnt show up! I asked the staff at the front desk and she said they went to the wrong room and will come the next morning! After being out all day we returned to our room to find some flowers and a letter saying they will fully refund the cost for the champagne and strawberries and we can still have them the next morning and as you can imagine we were very pleased.The tube is literally a 1 minute walk around the corner which we found extremely useful. Restaurants and bars are also only a 5-10 minute walk away which was also really nice because you havent got the noise outside the hotel. We planned to go the Her Majesty's Theatre which was also only a 10 minute tube ride away so also very handy for us.Breakfast is lovely with a huge selection of cereals plus everything for a full english.If you would like a convenient, pleasant and valuable stay in london, I would certainly recommend the Holiday Inn Bloomsbury.	
Apr 22 2009 	Convenient to Tube stop-waitstaff attentive (if you're a man)	This hotel is very conveniently located, about 150 steps from the Russell Sqaure Tube station. The rooms are small, especially the bathrooms, but clean and nice. When we were there, the mini bar was warm. When we asked them about it, they advised they had disconnected all the mini bars so we had an empty warm mini fridge in our room that was useless. On the other hand, there's lots of shops very close by in a mini-mall, as well as museums across the street. You must use a card key to access the lifts, I realize it's an additional security measure but it became a hassle to always do it after several days.We booked the room with breakfast included and stayed 3 nights. Whenever we were dining, the staff ignored us-they never came by to clear our table or talk to us at all. It was as though we were invisible. I can only assume it was because we were females-we noticed whenever a lone businessman or several men were there together, the staff would go out of their way to clear the plates constantly and ask them if they wanted anything else. It didn't matter where we sat, if we came in at breakfast time, we were virtually ignored (The men never were). It seems they think only the male customers are worth serving.	
Apr 19 2009 	Great Location great stay	I'll begin by saying this is the best Hotel I stayed in when in London for this price range.Great Location - 10 minutes walk from Oxford St. and 1 minute away from tube station.Staff was friendly and very helpfull.Breakfast was rich, full english + all kinds of cornflakes!Rooms were clean, a bit small - but for this price in London and last minute booking - I can't complane.all together - we've had a great vacation. I already wanna go back...	
Apr 15 2009 	Great hotel would definitely stay again!	We stayed at Holiday Inn Bloomsbury for 10 nights and it was great! We stayed in a twin smoking room, as one of us is a smoker.The room was a perfectly good size, as was the bathroom. Pillows were not great, but there were extra ones in the closet, which we used (we were too lazy to get on with the pillow menu).Staff were professional and pleasant. Cleanliness was flawless. TV, phone and tea/coffee-making device in room.Our room faced the inner courtayard, but I can see outside noise could be a problem if you get a room facing the street. I say: always bring earplugs (or buy some at the nearest drugstore). Also, the room could get a bit chilly in the winter, as the windows are not double-glazed and the heating did not seem to heat-up much, even on maximum (either that or we didn't know how to operate it).Breakfast was a real feast, even though a bit pricey (around 10 pounds if bought upon check-in). But it was a buffet with great variety of high quality food, so it was probably worth it.Location could not be better, with tube station and 24-hour Tesco right around the corner, plus a small complex of shops and restaurants just a few steps away.We loved this hotel and would definitely stay there again!	
Apr 15 2009 	Good Hotel	Got this hotel for a great price on Priceline. I usually have fairly low expectations for hotels and then hope to be pleasantly surprised. I had no problems with this holiday inn. As previous writers have said, the customer service is excellent- including tips and assistance from the concierege, Gary. Good, safe location. We were on the 6th floor which had a huge bathroom and enough room for a roll away bed. Housekeeping was very good and the room looked very clean. Overall, would stay again and would recommend.	
Apr 14 2009 	Friendly helpful and professional staff good and confortable hotel	I refused a horrible room at the Royal National, just around the corner, and my agency put me in the Holiday Inn Bloomsbury. I had to pay more, but the difference was incredible. While the staff at the Royal National couldn't care less for their clients, the staff at the Holiday Inn Bloomsbury was helpful and polite, and smiled at you and tried to help if necessary. Breakfast was fine, with eggs, bacon, sausages, several tipes of bread and fruit, etc. And they kept filling your cup with coffee or tea. Rooms were confortable, nothing extraordinary but cosy, air conditioned, with tv and internet acess. Everybody was polite and nice at this hotel, from the people in the reception to the restaurant and even the ladies that cleaned your room. I was grateful for the good service. Beds and pillows confortable. Would come again? Yes, definitely.	
Apr 11 2009 	Sigh. Just another Holiday Inn...	I was a bit skeptical when I saw that the Holiday Inn Bloomsbury was a four star hotel because come on, the Holiday Inn? Four stars? Really?... Hmm... The first thing that comes to my mind when I think about the Holiday Inn is mediocrity and those tellies. You know what I am talking about.. Anyway here is my review:This hotel falls far from being four stars. I have to admit that I came here with high expectations from those **** reviews to only be disappointed. Starting with their service, I had asked for wake-up calls and newspapers upon check-in and received a wake-up call on only one of my three mornings. The newspapers never came. When I asked for an adapter, I was told to come down and retrieve it which I don't mind but is that really a way to treat a &quot;guest&quot;? I don't like the price for their Internet and their charge for exercising doesn't appeal to me either. The room reminded me of those Tokyo business hotels which are extremely cramped and the window faced some really ugly air conditioning units. At night, people make a lot of noise going to their rooms most likely because they are drunk and the hallway light shining into the room from the gap under the door can be really annoying. Besides all that, the hotel is conveniently located a block from the Russell Square Station and close to many stores. There are some really good restaurants you can find in a ten minute walk if you prefer to make the most with your money. There is also a cybercenter with cheap Internet in a small street between the hotel and Holton station. Just walk past Cagney's restaurant from the main street and make a right at the corner. The cybercenter is near a laundromat.I seldom write reviews but had to inform my fellow travelers what to expect from this hotel: just another Holiday Inn...	
Apr 10 2009 	May not entirely meet 4 Star criteria	An hotel booking on the Priceline “name your own price” program constitutes a certain abandonment of choice of establishment and to a degree location. Having used the program quite a few times mainly for the London area means that I have been allocated the same hotels on several occasions but it sometimes gives the opportunity to try something new. Each novelty brings some element of apprehension, especially if the booking is for several nights.Holiday Inn, Bloomsbury was quite unfamiliar to me – and I reckon to know London pretty well.It is a little off the beaten track only in the sense of being in a small, not unpleasant, square nestled close by a relatively recent block of apartments (Brunswick Estate).In fact it is also a mere three or four minute walk from Russell Square Tube (London Underground rail) station which is on the Piccadilly Line and therefore a direct, no-change route from Heathrow Airport. An important thing to note if travelling by tube with luggage is that to get from the platform to fresh-air involves climbing about 20 steps from the platform, then waiting for a lift (elevator) which is generally very congested. What kind of mentality calls for the elevator to be a floor above the platform? OK It was all built a hundred years ago I suppose.Additional useful note – Russell Square serves quite a few hotels and there is often congestion at the ticket machine especially by young travelers who haven't got London Underground's most useful item – An Oyster Card. Go to Transport for London's website for full details of this essential item. Buy one at any tube station but get one if you are to be in London for more than a day or two.The hotel incorporates a pub (Callaghan's) which also does food but I didn't have the chance to use it this trip as they stop serving at 9pm or two hours before the pub closes.There is a small pedestrian zone within the nearby Brunswick flats development which incorporates a supermarket, Starbucks, several restaurants and on my visit today an enterprising genuine German-sausage stand – Mmmm delicious! Similarly in adjacent streets there are Chinese and Indian restaurants and several other places next to the tube station. Plenty choice for folks who do not wish to eat in the hotel.First positive thing to say is that Holiday Inn has excellent, attentive and pleasant staff. The Italian lady who checked me in did a great job as did her male colleague who was patiently answering a barrage of questions from a wheelchair bound lady about rooms for the disabled.Rooms. I was allocated a room on the 5th floor at check-in and it was small. Small to the degree of having to make my way round the bed to get to the TV and lamp-standard. In fairness again to Holiday Inn my complaint that the room was too small for a 4 night stay and not consistent with a 4 star rating was dealt with instantly and pleasantly by an offer to move me. Due to other commitments that first evening I delayed a move till the following day and then took over a 6th floor business room which was much more reasonably sized.I'm not going to comment much further on the first room other than to say it just does not meet 4* standards. As in the 6th floor room the refrigerator bears a printed sign saying that a” replacement system is being investigated and it is unsuitable for storing food or drinks”! Wait a minute! Even small motels in the USA usually have working refrigeratorsWhat kind of system are they investigating? Go out and order a bunch of small refrigerators folks! In this day and age it is unreasonable not to provide one in a 4 star establishment. I suspect the “system” being investigated is an unwanted mini-bar, another method of extracting every last penny from the client. It's 2009 and few clients are going to be allowed to schmooz mini-bar charges on expenses.The room lacks those 4 star touches. The chairs in my room were worn out and uncomfortable - management please look at Marriott 4 Star hotels in London for some ideas. It's a shame the hotel is let down by those items and it does bring the star rating into question.The hotel is clean, well furnished and pleasant. Elevator frequency is good and controlled access to floors by a key-card system for security.	
Apr 8 2009 	Nice Hotel Great Location	My husband and I recently stayed at the Holiday Inn Bloomsbury and we were very pleased with the facility. It is a great location, convenient to the Russell Square Tube Station, grocery stores, restaurants, and pubs. The staff was very friendly and extremely helpful. The only issue we experienced during the stay is our first room was located above the recycling/trash bin and delivery area, so beginning around 6 a.m., the noise began. We asked to be moved to a quieter section of the hotel and when we returned from our outing, all our belongings were moved to our new room. No hassle for us what so ever.	
Apr 7 2009 	Convenient Location and Great Service	Booked this hotel as part of a &quot;Stay and Show&quot; package and I don't regret it. In spite of some difficulties negotiating stairs at various Tube stations to get to the hotel (not many stations are easily accessible for people in wheelchairs or with luggage), once there, staff were friendly and service was excellent. The room, while small, was comfortable and lacked for nothing. Towels, pillows, and shower were all excellent. As I was attending the theatre, the location could not be beat and staff were most helpful in providing directions to the theatre and the location of the nearest Tube station to the theatre.The cost of wifi (internet access) seemed expensive in comparison to other places where I have stayed but not knowing what other London hotels charge, I can't provide a comparison. However, when I returned from the theatre and enquired at the front desk if there was a computer where I could do on-line check-in, Gary immediately said that it could be done there and with a few key-clicks had me on the airline site and we even managed to move me to a seat which was more to my liking. Gary then printed off the boarding pass, put it in an envelope and asked if I required assistance the next morning with bags and if I needed a care to the airport.Staff in the bar were friendly and knowledgable about the wines they were serving. Prices were reasonable and I enjoyed a glass of white wine while watching the late night news on the flat screen television.Breakfast the next morning gave so many choices: cold meats, cereals, pastries, croissants, fruits, juices, cheeses, different types of milk, coffee, tea, and some other items that I don't remember. There seemed to be something for everyone and staff were very attentive. A cup was not even half-empty before someone was asking if a refill was required.I wished to obtain a ticket to see a production in June. However, I was having difficulties booking on-line as few theatres have seating plans available to peruse. When I asked about time to walk to the theatre box office, a map was provided and directions in very short order. I did manage to obtained a ticket for the theatre production I wanted to see in June (one of the very last seats available due to Ascot beginning that same day).Check-out was quick and easy and when I enquired about the possibility of a booking for June, Gary spent the time to look at all the options available and advised as to when final booking needed to be made due to the various events occuring that week.I would recommend this hotel to people looking for a centrally located place to stay with friendly and knowledgeable staff. I am looking forward to returning in June.	
Apr 7 2009 	Noisy thin walls. Disappointed	This is a very noisy hotel. The walls and doors must be paper thin! We heard every sound in the room next door, and in the hallway outside our door all morning and night! Very annoying. Room and bathroom were a bit cramped. Shower had poor pressure. I've had much better rooms in London at the Marriott and Hilton. Russel Square Tube is a two minutes away, but beware the lines can be long in the mornings with lots of tourists lining up. Room was clean and staff helpful, however the noise issue made for a disappointing stay.	
Apr 5 2009 	Great New Rooms	Stayed for 1 night on a Saturday and was pleasently suprised. From the exterior it doesnt look great but once inside the lobby area is bright ultra modern and seems very swish. Now usually in hotels that doesnt carry through to the rooms, but in this case it does. They look like they have literally just been refurbished, We stayed in an executive room on the 1st floor and it was fantastic. Large room, great fabrics and carpet and stylish colour schemes. Beds were the most comfortable ive even slept in and we made good use of the pillow menu. Only negatives is our morning paper didnt arrive and a maid knocked on the door at 12 midday when the do not disturb sign was up - annoying as we had a late (2pm) check out. But i would defiantley saty here again.	
Mar 22 2009 	Loved my stay - Would use again!	I was in London 20th March for a special occasion and to see the new musical Priscilla Queen of the Desert (Amazing). The hotel has had a fantastic refurbishment and looks amazing. The checkin process is quite slow but the rooms are worth the wait. We were offered a room on the top floor and we had great views of the courtyard and city behind. Everything you'd want is in the room. The only downside was the shower - The pressure is awful and it takes ages to wash your hair. The towels are very small and there isn't any shower gel or shampoo offered. The hotel is two minutes walk from Russell Square and there is a tesco behind (for a midnight snack). I'd stay here again and really loved my experience at Holiday Inn Bloomsbury.	
Mar 15 2009 	Very pleasant stay in lovely Bloomsbury	Despite the rather tired exterior and oh so '70s Holiday Inn logo, their hotel in Bloomsbury is rather nice and very good value. All the public areas have been recently refurbished and give the hotel a contemporary and spacious feel. The double room I had was not as well decorated as the main areas, but it had all the essentials - TV with wide range of channels, desk space with internet connection, comfy bed and spare pillows, bath / shower and trouser press (if you're so inclined).The high point of the stay was the breakfast. Even though the restaurant was very busy, the staff were plentiful, quick and attentive. Most conceivable breakfast options were covered and tea and coffee refreshed as and when it was required. Newspapers were also available.The only downside of the stay was checking out which was vey slow indeed. reception staff didn't seem to know how to handle guests in an efficient way. Perhaps they should get the woman who runs the breakfast service to do some trouble-shooting at reception!But that is a minor gripe. The hotel is in an excellent location and did a good job.	
Mar 10 2009	Good value for central London	This is a typical Holiday Inn. My daughter and I stayed for one night last week on a theatre/shopping break. We had a good B &amp; B deal with Travel Republic.Check-in was quick and efficient. Our twin room was of reasonable size and the beds were very comfortable. The pillows could have been better (although I'm a bit picky!)The room was clean and had tea/coffee making facilities, and the bathroom, although a little tired, was clean. Only a bit of noise from outside, but this is to be expected in London. My only real complaint was the high cost of internet access.Breakfast was great - plenty of choice and a nice cooked breakfast. The restaurant staff were very friendly and attentive.Russell Square tube station was just around the corner (2 mins walk), as well as coffee shops, small shopping precinct and Boots chemist, which also sold sandwiches, wraps, cold drinks etc. Just 5 minutes walk to the British Museum and 15 minutes to Covent Garden/Theatreland.Altogether a great value, comfortable and well located hotel in central London.	
Mar 9 2009	Reasonable Hotel very close to Tube.	The four star Holiday Inn Bloomsbury is located adjacent to the Brunswick Centre (Selection of Shops, Waitrose Supermarket, and Restaurants), and only a couple of minutes walk away from Russell Square Tube Station. It is also a short walk to the British Museum (approx 5 min).Check-In:Check-in was prompt and problem free.Room:Not overly impressed with the first room that I was allocated. However, this was promptly sorted by contacting reception and alternative room was offered, which was comfortable and of a good size. It appeared to have been recently refurbished, and generally quite clean, with the exception of a previous guests hair in the plughole of the bath, which was easy to spot and a dirty shower hose rail (see pictures). Found the room to be quiet and no noise free, apart from the odd emergency service vehicle, but this is to be expected in London.Internet/Wi-Fi:Internet/Wi-Fi is available in room, but at a very costly £15 per a day. Perhaps people would use this more if the rates were dramatically cut, not everyone is charging this to a business account. Staff:Staff were quite good, with a 'can do' approach.Breakfast:Got to say I have had much better from other hotels with the same star rating. Not a vast selection, nor were vegetarian sausages available. Having said that, the breakfast was acceptable and you would not go hungry.Overall, I would stay again at the right rate.	
Mar 5 2009 	Decent enough for a quick stay	We stayed at the hotel for one night last weekend. I wasn't expecting much as I'd seen the reviews and I'm not a great fan of Holiday Inn hotels, but it was a last minute booking, so I didn't have much choice in it. The hotel is a short walk from Russell Square tube station and is located in a busy side street, however, I can honestly say that the noise didn't bother me, so don't let that put you off. The rooms are fairly small in size, but are clean and have all the facilities you would expect to see. The only thing I didn't like was the bathroom which looked clean but was old and tatty &amp; had seen better days. Breakfast was great - lots of choice, fairly quick to get tea too. I'd recommend this place for a quick, good value stopover or girly shopping trip rather than for a romantic break.	
Mar 1 2009 	Very luxurious	We stayed for 4 nights in this hotel. The room was wonderful. The bed was comfy and it had a sofa, coffee table, tv and all the little extras like a kettle and a bathroom. Only downside to the hotel was that there was a lot of door slamming going on all night.The breakfast was nice. Choice of breads and pastries, cereal, english breakfast and toast.	
Feb 19 2009 	A place to rest with comfort	Just come back from a 2 night stay. Good sized room for London, yes a little tired, breakfast great, staff lovely especially in breakfast. no problems. Paid £108 per night for a double. Best thing they have designated smoking rooms	
Feb 15 2009 	Nightmare in Bloomsbury	The location of the hotel is great, on a quiet street in Bloomsbury, near Euston Station (main line) and Russell Sq tube, close to the British Library, British Museum etc.The hotel entrance is nice, the rooms smaller than I expected, but to the normal Holiday Inn standard. The TV is OK, with around 15 channels, but is an old fashioned set, not flat screen or hi-res. The desk lamp does not work.Unfortunately, during my stay, there are two major problems (I am writing this from the hotel). There is no cold water, due to a problem with the &quot;mains&quot;. This may or may not be down to the hotel, but they don't have a contingency in place to cope with such an event, (no cold water supply = no drinking water, no showers, no flushing WC etc) and there are no warnings/apologies posted at the entrance.Also, a problem probably specific to my room, is that the radiator is stuck &quot;full on&quot;, and the heat is unbearable, unless the windows are left open - causing the &quot;London ambience&quot; to enter the room, in the form of wailing sirens, mechanical noise and the sound of traffic and airoplanes.The staff have not offered a refund, or to place guests in other hotels. I expected better.Also (as with all hotels in the IC group, internet costs are ridiculous. Bring your own 3G modem.	
Feb 10 2009 	Decent enough for a business stay!	I found the hotel clean and comfortable. Rooms were ok, but the bathroom was very small. Great location – 2 minutes from Russel Sqaure tube and less than 10 minute walk from Kings Cross. There’s a small shopping centre right next to it with a few eateries, shops and a Waitrose.Breakfast was very good and staff friendly!For a business stay I’d recommend it, but for leisure purposed, I think you can get far better for the £140 (roughly) price tag!	
Feb 2 2009	brilliant place to stay	Stayed in hotel for one night with my daughter(8) , the hotel was central, clean and had everything you needed.For breakfast there was something for everyone and the food was lovely and fresh. The rooms were clean although not massive big enough for what we needed, beds were comfy and room was lovely and warm, you could adjust the heating in your room for how hot or cold you wanted it, which was great.Overall couldn't fault anything.	
Jan 31 2009 	a one night stay at the Holiday Inn bloomsbury	We booked a one night stay as we wanted a theatre visit with a mini break.The room was clean but very small,standard double bed , no bedside table my side, the bed was close to the wardrobe which had no door as you would have been unable to open it. Bathroom was clean but very small and cramped. Mini bar out of action and air conditioning not working. Room was stuffy but too noisy to open the window for long. We were offered an upgrade for £30 but decided not to bother as it was for 1 night only. Breakfast was enjoyable.All in all disappointing for a four star hotel .	
Jan 18 2009 	Very Convenient Location	Stayed 2 nights to celebrate New Years Eve in London. Minimalist design hotel located near Russell Square Underground, so very convenient. Reception staff very attentative, upgraded to executive room which was quite spacious and clean. Buffet breakfast was excellent.. Other facilities include Callahans Pub located on ground floor and NCP car parking avalable in basement. Plenty of restaurants nearby for eating out. Recommended.	
Jan 2 2009 	Happy New Year!	It was a great choice hotel to celebrate the New Year in the Capital. Everything was PERFECTION, hotel cannot be faulted in any way. Holiday Inns certainly know how to please their clients. Rooms spotlessly clean. Staff polite, friendly and welcoming. Breakfast superb with a wide choice to choose from (in fact we didn't eat again until late afternoon!!) Believe me if you book this hotel you will not be disappointed. On main bus and tube routes in a safe area - even a brand new shopping complex opposite the hotel. So glad we can relay on Holiday Inns - returned home with nothing but praise!!!!	
Dec 7 2008 	great weekend stay	we stayed here on the 5th DEC for the weekend, it was a lovely hotel, we were on the 6th floor and the room was perfect.It was clean and had everything we needed, the bed was comfortable and had 4 different types of pillows and a leaflet to tell you which were which we had a large spacious room with a good view.our room was cleaned on the saturday while we were out and all the soaps and shampoo were replaced as the tea and coffee were restockedthe location of this hotel is very good for sight seeing we walked to oxford st and regents st within about 10 Min's and there was plenty to see there there is a pub called callahan's adjoining the hotel with is very reasonable (especially to us as they never charged for my spirits all evening) the food also looked good their fish and chips came in a paper bag we are so impressed with the hotel and its location the we will be going back next year If you want to eat out of the hotel there is a good restaurant just off of oxford street called STEFS, it is italian and the staff are very welcoming but it is advised to book before hand as they were turning people away as they were fully booked	
Dec 5 2008 	Loved the Huge Bathroom	I booked this hotel after some research claiming it had good accommodations for people with disabilities. My partner walks with crutches and we used a wheelchair for most of the walking around.I booked an accessible room, and was very pleasantly surprised at the size. It was HUGE!The bed was comfortable, the amenities were nice and the restaurant food was great. Getting there, I was worried because the Russell Square station, although just a block from the hotel, had a few stairs leading to the lift. I was wondering how I would carry the wheelchair and our luggages up, but people didn't hesitate to help me and I really was worrying for nothing.My only complaint was the front desk staff could have been more helpful. When I asked about suggestions nearby, she barely looked up at me and just pointed to a stand with a bunch of brochures.The restaurant staff were excellent though :)	
Nov 29 2008 	Good London Hotel	Based on my research for London this hotel turned out to be a good hotel, fairly good location and a nice size.The hotel is a block away from the Russell Square Underground stop. I recommend the lift as the steps with baggage is a workout! The hotel staff was knowledgeable, friendly and I was able to store my luggage as I had a later flight. There are loads of small pubs and places to eat outside the hotel in multiple directions. Internet was not free which is a poor way to make money from people. The one nice touch was the selection of feather pillows from soft to firm. I also would recommend not staying on the side of the hotel that faces the small mall - very noisy street and area. One other recommendation is to get a day pass and ride the tube or the bus. The bus being the better way to get around as you can see everything and when it starts heading in a direction that you don't want to go, just get off and change buses.	
Nov 28 2008 	Great Wee Hotel	Friend and I stayed in this hotel for 2 days while Christmas shopping in London. First stay for my friend but I have stayed here before and had great experiences so, naturally, chose to stay here again. Our room was exactly what we needed. Hotel is in a fab location and less than 2 minutes walk to tube station. Buffet breakfast was great as it usually is and staff were pleasant, helpful and nothing was too much trouble. We were overcharged by a minicab that we booked through the concierge. The driver charged us more than we had been quoted (we were outside the Ritz Hotel and didn't want to cause a scene there. Would you?) and when we arrived back at the hotel we complained. It was dealt with total professionalism and politeness. We were given a total refund of our fare and apologised to even though it wasn't the hotels fault in any way. All this for £75 per room per night! Well done Holiday Inn, 10/10.	
Nov 21 2008 	Spotted Charles ad Camilla	This hotel is in a great location, a few stops from Oxford Street and for those who don't mind walking, it's only a 20 minute walk to Oxford Street through some of the &quot;posh and famous named&quot; parts of the city. The hotel foyer is minimalist, modern and very clean with efficient staff. We booked an executive room on the top floor, floor six which had a number of &quot;suites&quot; located on it.The room was a reasonable size, dressing table with a tv on it, a lounge chair and double bed (not two singles as you get in many European hotels). The room view was the back of the hotel so there was absolutely nothing to see, which was not a problem for me.The bathroom was clean and modern with toiletries provided and there was plenty of clothes storage space with a wardrobe with a trouser press. However, the facilities provided in an executive room were not quite as good as those I have received in standard rooms in similar chain hotels in London for an equivalent price.For example, the shower looked fantastic but turned out to be fed via the bath taps and the pressure was extremely low, some of the lights in the room didn't work and the walls are thin so we could hear the couple next door's conversation in the morning. There was also only one bathrobe and one pair of slippers and although there was a mini bar, it was empty and not in use which seemed odd for an executive room, either use it or lose it. There were tea and coffee making facilities.One problem during the stay was that some guests on our floor were &quot;socialising&quot; until the early hours of Sunday morning waking us at 3am with people moving between rooms, shouting, giggling and chatting in the corridor as if it was the middle of the day and allowing the doors to slam repeatedly.I was surprised as this hotel did not give the impression as being a type of hotel which would attract clubbers. The Sunday night was much better and the hotel much more sedate as the weekend corridor socialisers had probably checked out.I didn't use the pub attached (it looked a bit artificial - for those seeking a genuine London pub there are lots on the same street as the hotel). I didn't eat in the hotel. The stay was ok but a few minor tweaks in the rooms would deliver a true executive experience. We did bump into Prince Charles and Camilla at Russell Square tube on Monday morning as they passed the zebra crossing in their black Jag. Their cover was blown by the large police presence with them!!!	
Oct 21 2008 	Shame I only stayed there for 6 hours	I booked the hotel to stay overnight in London as I had a very early train trip out of London, on the map the hotel looked like it was the nearest to Euston.The hotel is located on a side street behind Russell Square Tube , the location is quiet (Well it was at midnight on Sunday).Arriving late I was told that room service had stopped but there was a Tesco nearby that was open 24 hours.The reception staff were very helpful, they upgraded my room to an Executive Room due to Priority Club status, check-in was quick and painless, took less than 2 minutes.The room itself was quiet large for a London hotel, the bed was comfortable, I did not use any other facilities as I did not have the time, I only ended up staying there for 6 hours.The reception arranged a taxi to take me to the station (Euston), although they did advise me that the station was about 10 minutes walk away.Would I stay again? Yes! But hopefully more than 6 hours!	
Oct 21 2008 	Tiny but very nice	We had been told that hotels in Europe were small but we weren't quite expecting they would be THAT small. We have hard suitcases that open lengthways and to open them we had to do some suitcase gymnastics and evended up having to step over them all the time. You had to shuffle sideways to get between the bed and the wall to get to the window/fridge area and there was no option of putting stuff in the doorless wardrobe as the bed was hard up against it. Having said that it was nice, clean, had everything you would need like shampoos, moisturiser, decent tv with lots of channels etc. The buffet breakfast was probably the best we had in any hotel for the 5 weeks we were away - everything you could want which was included on our room price. It was only a minute from the Russell Square tube station which was great and the staff were a little clinical but friendly enough. We weren't so happy to get charged 2 pound (NZ$5-6) for a 30 sec local phone call to give our friend the phone number to call us back on!All up lovely &quot;cosy&quot; hotel that if you have small bags and a cellphone, I would highly recommend.	
Oct 6 2008 	Good and bad.	My husband and I stayed at the Holiday Inn Bloomsbury for a week or so in September 2008. We were in London and needed to find a place for that night so we booked a deal through lastminute.com where you don't actually know the name of the hotel and so get a cheaper price. It's a three star hotel and the deal said it would be a four star hotel but other than that we were happy with the price we paid for our stay. The closest tube station to the hotel is Russell Square which is always closed so you often have to walk a fair distance to the next nearest tube which is really irritating. That aside, the location is actually really good, you're right next to a large shopping mall with Waitrose Bloomsbury and other places to get tea and supplies.The internet and breakfasts are ludicrous prices, and after complaining and getting a room service breakfast for free (nice of them I admit) we wouldn't recommend the breakfasts anyway - revolting! Almost inedible.The only major issue we had (which was what we complained about) was that each and every day we had our 'do not disturb' sign up as we had many valuables in our room (including two laptop computers which didn't fit in the supplied safe) and were repacking our luggage for the flight home after months abroad and had stuff EVERYWHERE, so we really didn't want anybody in our room. Every single day the sign was ignored and our room was made up and the windows opened (something we hate anyway), we even left a note which was ignored and rang reception. By the third or fourth day we were really frustrated, and when it continued until the day we left, we cracked it (hence the free breakfast on our final morning). The reception staff are also really unhelpful (a whole other story). However our room was quite nice and large with plenty of space for our two very large suitcases and four hand luggage bags, we'd come from a much smaller room so the space was nice.Over all I wouldn't stay here again due to the invasive policy of ignoring 'do not disturb' signs (not sure why they're provided at all, they said it was only there so reception don't ring - but it's a door sign!), however if that doesn't worry you, I think it'd be a decent stay. Don't expect too much from reception and house keeping though, they seem to go out of their way to be unhelpful. There are tour groups coming through this hotel constantly which is also annoying when trying to use the lifts or check in and out. But it was quite nice overall and a decent price for London.	
Oct 2 2008 	Much better than I expected.	Pleasantly surprised. Room was a bit on the small side but well equipped and clean. Breakfast was excellent. Good position close to Russell Square tube and within easy walking distance of many places. Loads of restaurants, etc. in immediate area. Only irritation is if you are expecting phone calls - firstly people have to ring an 0845 number so have to pay extra and then the switchboard denies all knowledge of its residents (I suspect it is some remote call centre that they use as reception staff were good).	
Sep 8 2008 	good location	I booked with NHS discounts and got good price for hotel. we stayed for 2 nights, rooms clean, adequate size. Air con units a bit noisy outside room but able to close windows and have air-con on. Drinks expensive in hotel but hotel pub much cheaper. Staff very friendly and helpful. Breakfast good, plenty of choice. I would definately stay again - easy location to access, we got day pass for bus which was satisfactory, could also walk to Covent Garden.	
Sep 7 2008 	A sad state-of-affairs . . .	I booked a double room with wheelchair access and facilities for Saturday 30 and 31 September 2008. I spent a long time explaining to the young man in reservations my requirements and the neccessity of having a room with toilet access on the right hand side of the toilet, when facing it from the entrance. I was assured that all was understood and confimed. Upon arriving at the hotel at 530 p.m. on Saturday 30 August, none of the hotel staff helped my and husband and me with our luggage. My husband had to help me with my wheelchair as well as running back and forth to our motor car in order to bring our luggage into the hotel. The young woman at the reception desk handed my husband the cards to the door. I had to go up in the lift alone. My husband was made to follow with the luggage in another lift. The concierge did not raise a finger to help us. Upon entering the room, we found it to be the incorrect room (due to the toilet being on the wrong side, with a left-hand space and the right hand being too close to the wall). In addition, the toilet seat was broken and unusable. Upon telephoning the reception desk, the young woman (whose English was minimal!) told us that there was nothing that she could do. We then went downstairs to the reception desk (with our luggage) and asked for the manager. He could not help us. In addition, we were to go to the Shafstsbury theatre and asked the concierge or the young woman to hail us a taxi, as we did not want to drive to the theatre due to traffic and parking issues. Both the young woman and the concierge did not want to find us a taxi and gave us faulty explanations. I virtually had to force the concierge to hail a taxi, which he reluctantly did after much persuasion from me. Suddenly the manager found us an alternative 'accessible' room; an exectuive suite. We were in a hurry to get to the theatre by now. Our luggage had to be left in the foyer and the concierge did eventually take it to the executive suite, which we promised to look at after the theatre. Upon returning to the hotel there was different staff and a very decent and helpful manager called Henry. He accompanied us to the executive suite which proved, once again, to be INACCESSIBLe (I could not use the bath and the toilet was much too low for my use, as well as being faulty once again). We told Henry that it would be best for us to return to our home in Bedfordshire. As it was so late Henry was reluctant to let us travel home without eating something first (we had not eaten since breakfast!) He telephoned room service and was told that there was very little to choose from. We ordered a tuna sandwich, a cheese sandwich and some coffee. This took almost an hour to arrive! After this ridiculous sojourn, my husband and I journeyed home. Henry was most helpful and the concierge also helped us with our luggage.It is a sad state of affairs when a hotel such as the Holiday Inn, Bloomsbury, cannot provide what it advertises and that the afternoon staff was so lazy and belligerent. It is sad that your hotel is in disrepair. It is sad that people have to deal with hotels of such a low standard and pay so much money for the 'privelege'. It is sad that a hotel in London cannot provide a decent stay for people with disabilities.	
Sep 7 2008 	Fantastic Location nice breakfast kind staff...	Our family really enjoyed our stay at the Holiday Inn London Bloomsbury this spring. The location was excellent for our purporses, which is why we chose it, of course! Directly across from a shopping centre, near a laundromat, easy access to St Pancras, and right next to a tube station to get you anywhere you wanted to go. We loved walking in the neighbourhood, just a quick jaunt to the British Museum and several small parks in the area.Coming from North America I found the prices high, but they seemed in line with other accomodations we saw on the Internet. The breakfast buffet also seemed pricy to me, but on our first morning I discovered it was excellent and really worth the cost.The room was adequately sized; not overly large, but not small either. I also found it quiet at night, which was nice.The staff were kind, especially to our two-year-old daughter. She left with a few little Holiday Inn dollies!I would definitely stay again based on the great location alone.	
Sep 3 2008 	Great Value	Very good value &quot;special offer&quot; from Holiday Inn's own advertisement. £89 per room including breakfast! Rooms small but very clean, good bed, excellent choice of various pillows. Great shopping centre (Brunswick) just outside, and also Gt Russell St underground station a few yards away. Building looks old from outside, but must have been re-furbished internally not long ago. Breakfast is good, large selection of quality fruit, cooked breakfast, etc. Typical 4-star breakfast fare. Recommended at this price!	
Aug 27 2008 	A bit tired	With its dark interiors, saggy old carpets and suspect plumbing, London-hotels are seldom worth its price (at least not below 5 stars). @ Holiday Inn they apparently cater to non anglo-saxons since at least the interiors are light (white) and fresh and the bathroom does neither have a carpet and the plumbing works!!!The lobby, breakfast and bar area are all in cool modern, somewhat minimalistic design which is refreshing after staying at typical London hotel with ostentatious/sullen receptions.However it is all superficial (obviously not the light interior though). Door handles are loose, elevators ramshackle and the corridors a bit claustrophobic. Staff proffessional (they usually are at those chains arent they) and location really good.All in all it was an OK stay (better than the Bayswater tourist ghetto anyway) but I definitely wouldn't go out of my way to stay here.	
Aug 18 2008 	Not bad for London	A comfortable hotel of about three star standard . The good points: well located about 10-15 mins walk to St Pancras for the Eurostar. The location is also handy as there are a number of shops and restaurants nearby, including a supermarket - also close to the tube. Check in was efficient and they put allowed me into the room early by 10am. The bed was very comfortable and I slept well. Check out was also very efficient as was collecting my bag at the end of the day. The things which were not so good...my room was really small, barely half a metre between the end of the bed and the wall. It had no mini-bar or working fridge which was annoying. To be fair they did ask me on check in if I would use anything in the mini-bar and I said probably not, nevertheless I still would have liked a fridge to store a few items. Very unexciting view from the window of the inside of the building - there was a generator of some sort outside my window, probably an AC unit humming the whole time. They were unable to call me a taxi at the front of the hotel and I had to walk to the main street to flag one down.So overall I thought it was not bad for London, but not the best place I have stayed either.	
Aug 1 2008 	Not worth it...	This was our first time to London and we wanted to stay somewhere close to the British Museum.Location was great....the room itself was incredibly small, which is fine, but the mini-bar/fridge didn't work and that was a problem since we had medication with us that we needed to keep cold.Normally something small like that wouldn't have bothered me, but the fact that we were paying double for this room (since the dollar sucks at the moment) I was pretty irritated.We didn't contact the front desk because we had JUST brought all of our bags up to the room and didn't really want to change rooms.Now, while the room itself was fine, the walls at this hotel are INCREDIBLY thin. I could hear our neighbor cough. I could hear everything happening out on the street. I could hear the elevator all night. It was terrible. I didn't get any sleep.So...location of this hotel is great, staff was adequate, but if you need a good night's rest....spend your money elsewhere.	
Jul 30 2008 	An Enjoyable Stay	My wife and I stayed here for two nights recently for our Wedding Anniversary. We had an Executive Room which was clean, comfortable and large enough. The Air Conditioning worked perfectly, almost to the point of being too cold.One thing that I was impressed about, was the fact that putting the &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign on the door before we went to bed, actually meant that we didn't get disturbed in th morning (we had had a late night and needed the sleep!!) I have stayed at many HI's in the past where this wasn't the case. And believe me....it's incredibly annoying when you have been working a night shift, and someone is banging on the door just as you've dropped off to sleep!!I can't comment on the food as we didn't eat in the Hotel, but the Bar prices are the standard HI Tariff. Staff seemed freindly enough. Would stay here again.	
Jul 27 2008 	A stones throw away	Booked through British Airways. On direct tubeline from Heathrow.Perfect location for what ever you need is in London.The hotel is a standard Holiday Inn like any other, the room was a bit tired but clean, served it purpose well - it did what it said on the tin!!!Breakfast a plus point as it never ends - buffet, always a seat when you need one. Very efficent staff at the hotel.Will use again, if possible to get a bigger room.	
Jul 27 2008 	Good Old HI !	I have stayed at HI Bloomsbury on many occasions in the past for work, so had no problem choosing it for the night before our journey to Europe on Eurostar.On arriving at the hotel I asked for, and got, an upgrade (don't ask, don't get). I was given a 'business class' room on the sixth floor which was quiet, clean and comfortable - when given the choice of sooo many pillows it would be remiss not to have a decent nights sleep.We left before breakfast in the morning, refreshed and ready for our journey. Some reviews have complained about the £11.50 price tag for a breakfast of fruit, croissants, bacon, eggs, coffee.... need I go on? This is what it costs for up to 2 adults, not each!!! I paid nearly £10 for a couple of coffees and a baguette at a cafe in St Pancras - now thats what I call expensive.	
Jul 14 2008 	Great Location!	My wife and I booked 9 nights in the Holiday Inn Bloomsbury for the start of a European Tour. (We're Canadians.) The amazing rate we got ($150CDN, approx 75 GBP) on Hotwire didn't include breakfast, but we found we were more than happy to buy croissants/muffins and fruit at one of two supermarkets within a half block walk and eat that for breakfast. The hotel staff were very gracious, and were always willing to help. One front desk employee gave us directions to restaurants, an internet cafe, without suggesting we use the overpriced internet in the hotel lobbey. Some of the front desk staff had Eastern European Accents, but they were very understandable. The location of the hotel was excellent, being so close to the Russell Square station. We'd never been to Europe, but found it very easy to take the Piccadilly line from Heathrow to the hotel. The oyster cards are great, but make sure to compare the cost of the day or week travelcard, it would have saved us some money.Because we were staying over a week, the hotel upgraded us to a larger room with a couch, which was nice considering we booked hotwire. I would describe that room as being of average size for a one bed room in North America, so I imagine the regular rooms are tight by North American standards, but probably quite comfortable nonetheless. My only two complaints were that the elevator service seemed a bit spotty, and the fire-alarm went off at ~5AM one morning. That's not the hotel's fault, but it would have been nice if they'd acknowledged it/apologized for the inconvenience. I have recommended this hotel to friends, and continue to do so. Also, there's a great Indian restaurant right adjacent to Russell square, with white table cloth service at a lower price than in other parts of the west end.	
Jul 14 2008 	Oh well a bed for the night.	Booked on line via the company site, for £84-odd then BAM! tax was added taking the price over my £94 travel expenses allowance. And, no breakfast. THANKS Holiday Inn. (Before you jump down my throat may i just say that I had booked another Holiday Inn in Milton Keynes just minutes before and tax had not been added, in fact I had two nights with full breakfast in MK for just over the cost of 1 night in Bloomsbury.)So what do you get for £95+ ? Well, first a room right next to the air-con units, then a room that I couldn't get into, then a member of staff has to come up to open the door... five rides in the lift just to get a room I could actually sleep in!It was clean, not very big, had an over-bath shower and no biscuit on the hospitality tray...I did ask about breakfast but did not feel inclined to spend £11.50 (they claimed this was reduced rate!!!!) on a breakfast that has been free in every other Holiday Inn I have stayed in.Will I go back? Well, the travel allowance for B&amp;B is £94 and the Holiday Inn costs £109 for B&amp;B, so NO!	
Jul 9 2008 	Comfortable Central London hotel	Currently in the middle of my third week staying in the Holiday Inn Bloomsbury and so far so good – three weeks, three different rooms, and a fairly good experience each time. I’m writing this at the desk in room 610, which is the room shown in the five attached pictures.The hotel is located in a quiet residential area on Coram Street, sandwiched between Herbrand Street and Marchmont Street. It is only 200m away from Russell Square underground station (Piccadilly Line), which is on Bernard Street, and there are buses to Euston, Kings Cross, Camden, and the city centre from Russell Square itself (again, 200m away).All three rooms I’ve stayed in have been well presented, and commensurate with the money I paid and the branding / marketing of the hotel. My first two weeks were in ‘Executive’ rooms on the 1st floor, and this week I am in a ‘Business’ room on the 6th floor. The main differences between the two different classes of rooms are:• 1st floor ‘Executive’ rooms have sliding shutters instead of the blackout curtains on the 6th floor – both are equally good at keeping out the light.• 6th floor ‘Business’ rooms have a trouser press and iron / board, whereas the 1st floor only has the iron and board• 1st floor rooms are provided with a complimentary small bottle of water and a Kit Kat every day, both rooms have a mini bar• Finally, 1st floor rooms have power showers whereas the room on the 6th floor has a standard mixer shower attachment from the bath taps (but still OK temperature control and pressure).All the rooms I have stayed in have had a desk, big enough to do a bit of work on and still space for all my bits and bobs. The beds, firm but comfy, have all been kitted out with plenty of pillows, cushions, and a duvet. There’s also a pillow menu offering 5 different options from medium synthetic (on the bed) through to firm feather pillows. There has been plenty of storage in each room, although the 6th floor 'Business' room has the most, all the rooms I have stayed in have had enough hangers for a weeks worth of shirts and a couple of suits. All rooms have a safe with digital lock, big enough to put a laptop in.The bathrooms have all been big, bright, and clean with no unpleasant smells that you sometimes get from stale shower curtains. There have been complimentary toiletries in the rooms I’ve stayed in ranging from bath gel and shampoo in the ‘Business’ room, to bath gel, shampoo, conditioner, moisturiser, shoe polish, nail file, sewing kit, and shower cap in the ‘Executive’ room. I have to be honest that the toiletries aren’t to my taste as they are a bit strong on the fake fragrance front, so if you’re hoping from Molton Brown or Elemis then best bring your own stuff.For entertainment there is a traditional CRT television with the usual terrestrial channels (BBC 1, 2, ITV, C4, and Five), Sky One, news channels, and one channel each for French, German, Spanish, and Middle East. No sports channel (other than Sky Sports News) in the room, but big games are shown downstairs in the Irish bar.Signal strength of the WiFi system is good, but predictably expensive for a Central London hotel, unfortunately the connection speed to the Internet once you have logged in to the WiFi has been pretty poor every time I have used it. At £15 a day (or £75 a week!) I would be pretty disappointed with this, however, as I am using a roaming BTOpenZone account (Boingo, iPass, AT&amp;T, and Fibrelink are also supported roaming partners) and it is not costing me anything extra I am OK with the speed.On the food and drink front there is the is a mini bar in my room, which is obviously more expensive than going to a store, but does have enough free space in to put a few beers of my own in. 24 hr room service is offered, I’ve used it a couple of times and the soups are hearty and the sandwich fillings generous; delivery was on time and, bearing in mind this is room service, the food was OK quality with good presentation. I haven’t eaten in the restaurant for breakfast or dinner, so can’t comment, but there are loads of places to eat and drink in the area with the Brunswick centre next door (Waitrose, Yo Sushi!, Carluccios, Nandos, Gourmet Burger Kitchen etc.), Chinese and Indian restaurants / takeaways up Marchmont St, a good pub, and a Starbucks and Pret a Manger just round the corner.In summary...Positives – As a business traveller staying on my own this is in a great central location and the area feels safe at all times of the day and night. There are good transport and shops / restaurants nearby and it is only a stones throw from the centre of town.Negatives – For the price (I’ve paid around £120 a night) I can’t find any negatives, it’s clean, quiet, and comfy, and the staff are competent and friendly.	
Jul 6 2008 	Disappointed	We booked for 4 nights and specifically asked for a non-smoking room. I called twice before traveling, just to make sure that the room was guaranteed a non-smoking one. Upon our arrival in the room, it was stinking cigarette smoke, tried to change but was told it may be the same in other rooms. It was hard to get some sleep during the night the cigarette smell was so strong and the windows could not be open.Also something to be watchful about, the minibar. It was missing few items and we thought that these were missing due to supply shortage. However at our surprise, on check-out day they were charged on our bill. I had to insist that we had not used the minibar and they accepted to remove the charges.	
Jun 27 2008 	Not bad for a Holiday Inn	We stayed at The Holiday Inn for one night in June 2008. After a few bad experiences with Holiday Inns we were a bit apprehensive, but this one had some reasonable reviews on Trip Advisor and as it was in the ideal situation we gave it a try.The first room we were offered had a connecting door and as we had a really bad night's sleep in the Gatwick Hilton some time ago due to noise transference through a connecting door, we asked to be changed. This they did, no problems. The room was clean and in reasonable condition, but a bit small. The bed was comfortable, noise no problem and the air conditioning worked. So really no problems at all.One thing, the air con switches itself off after a few hours, so if you wake up hot in the night, that's why, turn it on again!We were offered a breakfast deal when checking in of £11.50 each, very good value, the normal price is £16. Breakfast was very good, fresh and plenty of it.So, overall, not bad for a holiday inn!	
Jun 21 2008 	Good Experiance	Stayed here Saturday 14th June with a friend, as we were going to a party in central london and didn't fancy facing the night bus. Ended up checking in after the party in the early hours of sunday morning (5am) and the staff were amazing at reception, offered us a late check out till 2pm without charge.the room was clean and spacious and the bathroom was spotless (very important wherever you stay).will def stay again as also is close to kings cross and a short journey into london's west end.	
Jun 11 2008 	Cramped and outdated	We (two adults and one child) stayed here for one night in June. We chose this hotel for its location as we needed to be in the immediate neighbourhood the next day. All our interactions with staff (check in, reception, breakfast) were very friendly (not necessarily a given in London). The room was tiny (I know this is London but there is tiny and tiny) and was cluttered up with a non functioning fridge (a note was pasted to that effect on its door) and a seventies-style trousers press. One of the lights didn't work (there was a form which you could fill out which promised that repairs would be done within 24 hours, not really what you need for an overnight stay) and the bathroom was miniscule, During the night the airconditioning switched off by itself which made the room very hot (we got up and switched the thing on again). We had asked for a quiet room and while we did not face the street, the inner courtyard was taken up by rather noisy machinery (air conditioning?). Would we stay again? No, unless we really really had to be in the area. There are far better hotels to be had on hotwire for the same price (such as the Hilton Metropole, Hilton Islington). The location, by the way, is wonderful: adjacent to the vibrant,renovated Brunswick Centre with its glorious Waitrose and wonderful Carluccio's.	
Jun 1 2008 	just make sure they are not renovating at the time	location - yes. but what more do you need from the hotel? when me and my wife stayed there the location was great, just outside of the russel square.the problems started when they decided to renovate in the middle of the tourist season, so they said it will be finished at noon and it wasn't until the evening, oh well...and then just like that in the middle of the week no hot waters in the bath just when we wanted to start our day.those are little things but you expect a hotel like that to do better.hopefully for others it worked better.but hey - london is great.	
May 28 2008 	Good Hotel in Good location	Stayed here on business for 1 night. The room was spacious, especially for a London hotel, clean, and well appointed. Restaurant served excellent food (though I didn't have the courage to order the Wood Pigeon!!) and service was very good, although the front desk staff struggled a bit with their English. Wireless internet access in rooms was good, although a little pricey.Very convenient for British Museum and very close to Russell Square underground station. The area it is in was upmarket, and appeared to be very safe.	
May 27 2008 	Location Location Location	My wife and I stayed at this hotel, as i was running the London 10K race. Firstly I got a great rate for a 2 night stay. Standard Room, no breakfast though. My mentality on that was that there were loads of places to get breakfast in London. We were given a room on the 2nd floor. I had a massive bag and dont like lifts, plus after reading on tripadvisor that the lifts seem to be broken a lot , we took the stairs. The room was quite small but i didnt mind. It was clean, mini bar didnt work, just as well really, trouser press, desk, tv with some channels. Bathroom small as well , but shower was powerful if a little &quot;tired&quot; . We didnt stay much in the hotel and like many have said the location is brilliant. The irish bar was closed on the Monday evening so i cant comment on that. At the back of the hotel is Russell Square Tube Station. If you don't like lifts then be aware as its 159 steps down to the tube and back up as i found out. Covent Garden has 195 steps, no escalators but lifts!! Great after just doing 10k and being obese!! Covent Garden was only 2 stops on the tube, leicester square and piccadilly gardens 3 or 4 stops. The brunswick centre across the road to the right has plenty off shops, namely, boots, superdrug, nando's, waitrose, New Look and a Renoir Cinema and a starbucks and a carluccios cafe. There is an oriental restaurant opposite the cinema that we tried to get in on a monday night at 7.30pm. It was packed with 10 people waiting to get in! Must have been good. We ended up going to the gourmet burger company within the centre. A massive burger for about £7. Hit the spot! We walked it to Euston the next day (you get back onto the main road to the left of the hotel) and its about 2 blocks up on the left. About a 10 minute walk. In summary, the hotel was clean and better than I expected.	
May 23 2008	Great Location	Stayed here only one night in May 2008. Had tickets to see Mama Mia and was here for my Girlfriends Birthday. Parking: In the underground garage was £22 per 24hrs. Rooms: Were average size for a UK hotel. Double bed, wardrobe, Trouser press, cable tv, nice bathroom with freebies, mini bar and blackout curtains which worked very well. Don`t touch the mini bar as they have sensors on them and if you pick up one of the bottles in the mini bar it sends a signal to reception. I only picked a bottle of water up to read the label and then on departure a staff member had to check that i hadn`t opened it or i would have been charged for it obviously.Breakfast: Was excellent... help yourself, as much as you can eat English or continental, or as i did a mixture of both.The hotel has it`s own Irish bar on site showing Sky Sports and serving food also. The Irish bar was quite reasonably priced where as the hotel bar was expensive. (ie. Double Bacardi and Coke, Pint of Caffereys and 2 packets of crisps £15.20).I always feel that the best way to advise others on whether or not to come here is to ask yourself.... Would i come here again.? The answer would be yes. It`s idealy located by Russell Square where we had a coffee while chilling in the sun. The underground station of Russell Square is very close too. There is an entrance walkway just to the left of the hotel and to our surprise we found it to be a very modern but small shopping complex. The complex mainly comprises of restaurants. There is a pub opposite the hotel and next door to that a mini-mart which we thought was great for getting the Sunday Paper etc. We did get a black-cab taxi from Trafalger Square back to the hotel as walking had now taken it`s tole. This came to £8.... £10 including tip. Mama Mia was briliant as was the whole London experience. I cannot believe that there are so many people about in Leicester Square at 11pm at night. The place is just buzzing.	
May 13 2008 	Good location Good hotel.	We stayed here in April whilst in London for 2 nights. We also stayed overnight in February when we saw We Will Rock You at the Dominion Theatre - 15 minutes walk maximum. Hotel in very good location near Russell Square tube and next to small shopping centre with Square Pie, Waitrose, French Connection etc. Oxford Street and Covent Garden both easily walkable. We stayed in an executive room which was nice. Felt it was average size for London rooms but well kitted out. There is an Irish bar within the hotel where you can charge drinks to your room but which is also open to the public so prices are reasonable.. All staff very knowledgable and breakfast was excellent. Be aware that the hotel is within the congestion charging zone (just). Parking is on site at the hotel. £24 per day but it is secure. Overall, very pleased and would stay here again.	
Apr 30 2008 	Good location	Got a 2 nights for the price of 1 offer through Ebay. Just sign up for Holiday Inn emails and similar offers come through. The 2 for 1 offer made the delux room worth going for at £190 for the two nights.It's a nice modern hotel. Our room wasn't ready for 2pm as indicated on the booking form and we were immediately offered a free drink at the bar while we waited, which we gadly accepted.I was a little disappointed with the delux room, quite small, with a king size bed. It had the robe, slippers and mini bar and a small workspace, which I guess the regular room doesn't have, but perhaps I had unrealistic expectations of the word 'delux'. I had previously stayed in Novotel in Euston Rd and their room was bigger, with a superking bed, a docking station for your MP3 player, as well as internet access - that was the level which I was expecting. Overall, it's very convenient for Russell Sq tube, British Museum and a range of restaurants all within walking distance and if you get an offer is good value for money. I would have been very disappointed had I paid £190 per night.Our offer didn't include breakfast, so can't comment on it.	
Apr 27 2008	So so	I stayed here for 4 nights with my mum to do the usual London Theatre, shopping, lunching etc etc.We stayed in an executive twin room which cost just under £700 for the 4 nights as it was a different rate each night.The room was very spacious however this was not well used. There was a large 'empty' space in the middle of the room which is obviously there for when the sofa bed is laid out but makes the room feel quite empty, could really have done with a proper space to open a suitcase as the only option was the floor! This was annoyining as there was so much space they could easily have fitted in some appropriate furniture to accomodate a case - or even one of the folding case rests.The acres of space also made the incredibly tiny TV difficult to see from the beds and meant that you needed the volume quite high - I really would have expected a flat screen TV rather than the old fashioned 18&quot; in situ, seems very outdated in an 'executive room'.Bathroom was good size, well stocked with toiletries and towels and clean. Some marks on the grout and around the shower head but just age rather than dirt. Shower quite difficult to control and very forceful - have a bath if you want to relax!Mini bar, robe, slippers etc as was exec room but nothing special. Quite disappointed with the stocking of tea and coffee as never enough milk or water and we had to ask for extra glasses as only one tumbler and one wine glass??? Location is great for sightseeing etc as Russel Square tube literally 3 mins walk, and right opposite a 24 hour Tesco which was very useful! Also by a shopping centre with juice bars, Starbucks etc so good for breakfast when on room only. A little disappointed when we asked reception for a cab one evening and they directed us to the main road to hail one ourselves however the concierge on the day we were leaving did get a cab to come to the door for us and helped us with our cases.All in all it was a good stay (although could have done without the 6am fire evacuation on the last day!) and location great. I didn't see any of the other rooms but I would not particularly recommend upgrading to an exec room, the only real benefit was having a robe and slippers and it would be cheaper to stay in a standard room and buy these - even at London prices!	
Apr 11 2008	Ideal location for central London	We stayed at the Holiday Inn in April on a two night visit to London. We wanted to be in walking distance of the majority of the sights which this hotel is. We only bothered with a travel card for one of the three days we were in London the rest of the time we walked. The hotel is easily located from Kings Cross or Russell Square if your on the tube and has a good range of bars and restaurants and a shoping centre close by. The rooms are very small however they are comfortable and very clean, the hotel was clean throughout our stay. Breakfast was great - good choice and all seemed very fresh. All staff we spoke to were polite and frendly and helpful.	
Mar 29 2008	Very good hotel	Room 4th floor front twin this Easter. Room a good size, incredibly clean and lovely and warm. Bedding and towels excellent. Staff well trained - coped well, hotel full. Breakfast above average, eat as much as you want. Would recommend, in fact will be booking again for later in the year. Good location. Pub just across the road. Recommend Tai restaurant Busaba Eathai, Store Street, about 5 mins away. Plus the Indian Restaurant Poppadrom Express 40-42 Wobrun Place (just at top of street 2 mins from hotel). Its an &quot;all you can eat&quot; type. Wait for lifts not too bad considering the hotel was very busy.	
Mar 29 2008 	easter in London	Me and my wife stayd at the holiday inn Bloomsbury over this easter. We were there for 4 nights. Likes:The location is weary good, nice neigbourhood. Short walk to bus and tube station. Also Brittish museum is just 5-10 walk a way. There is a lot of godd restaurants in a close walking distence. Wery good Indian HASON RAJA is just a 15 minutes walk down southampton row. Also recomend a Turkyis restaurant called TAS, he is on the far end of the brittish museum complex. We loved the casseroles :o)There is a good irish pub on the ground floor of the hotel, good guinnes and burgers. The breakfest is wery good, we ate a full english breakfast every morgning and o boy that is a good fuel for a long day in london. The hotel is clean, the staff were friendly, the maid also cept the room wery clean. We had a double bead, witch dosent happen wery often when we stay at a hotel. Alot of pillows and the bead was firm an good. The weather was cold in london so we liked that the room was a little warm.Dislikes:The room is SMALL hahaha :) - We have never stayd in a smaller room. The room is lika 2,3meters x 7 meters with closet and bathroom. My beadroom athome is almost bigger. The mini bar was broken, not that we have anything from the mini bar but I use it to keep my beer cool ;o) There was allways a wait for the elevators, one out of three were broken and the hotel was full so there were a lot of pepoleWe would definetly stay here again and we recomend this hotel for everybody, but be warned !!! the standard room is small :)	
Mar 24 2008 	Location LocationLocation-most recomended	As a travel agent i know what a 1st class hotel should be.Been to London on vacation from the 14th to the 18th of March and choose the Holiday inn Bloomsbury because of it's close proximity to a Picadily Line station (the line statrt/end at London Heathrow -good for getitn to/from the airport).It was better then i imagined just 50 steps out of the tube entrance and you are at the hotel.Lobby is big well aired and lighted,staff is well disposed and attentive.spacious elavaitors 2 out of 3 elavatores worked the 3rd was repaired so not much standing in wait to get up or down.Rooms are medium ,althoug a twin-bed room is bigger then 1 double-bed room ,clean and simple in look.The bed is firm and there is a good supply of pillows.In room there is a kettel and a fair suply of choco,tea,regular and decaf coffe.Wash room is clean comfrtable and the towels are big.heavy and soft.Beakfast is large and no restriction/difference such as continenal or english breakfast.All and all it's a good hotel to stay within walking distance to all major places and atraction of west side London.Do Not use the hotel's internet- outragous rate you can get an hour use for 1 pound at Charing cross road just 15-20minuts walk down.	
Mar 20 2008 	Great location	Three friends and I stayed for 2 nights at this hotel as part of a theatre break. Rooms were clean and comfortable if somewhat overheated, especially at night. Breakfast very good, though some waiting for items to be replenished. Did not have any other meals there. Service was friendly, polite, discreet.The great thing about this hotel is the location. Situated in a fairly smart area, mainly residential/offices, it is handy for the west end, theatres etc. Also convenient for Camden, only a short bus ride away, as is Covent Garden. Buses run frequently from just around the corner. A short walk away is the Brunswick Centre - new development with lots of great shops and eating places in pedestrianised area. Can recommend Strada - had lovely dinner there, very good food and service. All in all, a very pleasant experience. Would go back, definitely.	
Feb 25 2008 	Great Hotel and price !!	Just back from a great weekend in London, staying at the Holiday Inn. If you are able bodied enough then the walk from Kings Cross is only 15 minutes tops, no need really to get a taxi or tube unless its raining. Nice service on arrival and room equally nice a clean with everything in good working order. Russel Square tube station 2 mins walk away and we nipped down to Piccadily to go and see the Phanton at Her Majesty`s Theatre. Had a Pre Theatre Dinner at the nearby Thai restaurant which was great ( see seperate review ) Lovely breakfast with no complaints really, considering it was particularly busy ! Second night we had the Set Menu evening meal as it was inclusive of our room rate. Again can`t complain about the quality of the food, and for a 3 course meal at £20 it was well worth it considering. House red Merlot again nice and at £16. Our two nights Bed and Breakfast with one night inclusive of the 3 course dinner was £99 a night. So overall I had no complaints whatsoever. For the price we paid and the service and food we were provided with was excellant ! I`d go here anytime !  We`ll probably be back down to here, for our sons graduation in the summer ?	
Feb 24 2008 	dreadful service	I have never stayed here before and won't againThe hotel was clean, the check in fine - but 2 of 3 lifts broken so loads of waitingI booked a deluxe room - it had rubbish thin towels and cheap toiletries and it was coldThe air con control was broken and the tv remote had no batteries - that was the start and it just got worse!i paid for internet access - it would not work so i asked for help - i was told that i could phone the internet provider and get help - but that they could not send anyone up to assist - what rubbish service i gotwake up call did not happennewspaper did not arrivestaff had no idea wht time the gym opened (fitness first is outside and by special arrangement guests can get in for £5) - but you have to hire towels - it opens at 6.30 am actuallybreakfast was crowded with half the stuff not filled up staff grumpy - you had to chase them round to get a cup of coffeevery poor all round	
Feb 16 2008 	24 hour fix promise broken	I've just returned from a 2 night stay at this hotel - Thursday &amp; Friday nights. Although I have not been entirely happy with this hotel in the past, its location was so convenient for my requirements that I decided to give it another chance. Apart from the heating problems, the room was OK.On arrival, the radiator in the room was not working, but there was some heat coming from the air-conditioning unit, so I put up with it for the first night, and reported the problem at 8pm the next day, &amp; was told that the radiator should be working.This hotel has a &quot;Bear with us &amp; we will fix any room problem within 24 hours&quot; policy. Needless to say, it was not fixed before I checked out, well over 24 hrs afterwards.At time of check-out, all 3 lifts had failed and guests had to use the &quot;emergency&quot; back stairs.Breakfast on Friday morning seemed better quality than on Saturday - e.g marmalade in glass pots on Friday, but in plastic portions on Saturday, when there were many families staying, it being half-term.Do not eat at the Hotel restaurant - there is an excellent Italian restaurant behind the hotel near Russell Square, which also does breakfast. A glass of house wine in the hotel costs a minimum of £5.50 + 10% service!	
Feb 12 2008 	A great base to explore London	Clean, bright, wonderfully located hotel as Russell Square tube is just to rear of hotel. We had a taxi (£5) from Kings Cross to hotel when we arrived but could have easily taken the tube, its only one stop. Taxi cost £11 on return journey as we got stuck in traffic.Arrived early, room wasn't ready so we were invited to leave our luggage in a secure room and return later. We'd booked a no smoking room but it smelt of smoke . The Reception staff swopped our room immediately and couldn't have been more apologetic. Other than that small hiccup everything was 1st class. Not able to comment on breakfast, etc as we ate out.Beds comfortable, bath robes and slippers provided. Would stay here again on our next trip .	
Feb 8 2008 	Excellent location	The hotel is located one block from the Russell Square stop which is reached from Heathrow Airport by the Piccadilly subway line in 65 minutes. Cost is only 4 british pounds.Rooms are recently renovated with comfortable beds and nice showers.The hotel is located minutes by fot north of Piccadilly Square and Covent Garden.	
Feb 4 2008	Super - Others should ge things into perspective	Have stay here twice in the last year. Once in an older style room and this time in a refurbished room. Forget those reviewers who say that there should be more room as it's a 4-star hotel. This is London, space is at a premium and most people spend very little time in the hotel. Yes, the rooms are quite small, yes the bathroom is small, but it's spotlessly clean, the breakfast is excellent and the restaurant and reception area has benefitted from a full refurbishment. Strikes me that a lot of folks on this site want to pay for a youth hostel but expect the Ritz. In a nutshell, if you want good value and a nice breakfast, book in here, it's excellent for the money. 15 Minutes walk takes you to Covent Garden and the tube at Russell Square is 2 minutes walk away. Kings Cross, St Pancras and Easton mainline stations are 10 minutes walk away or a fiver in a taxi.	
Jan 15 2008 	Excellent value for central london	We also booked with Airmiles and thought this represented excellent value for London. Yes, the rooms are small but were very clean and had everything you need. The only comment is that,for me, all hotel rooms are too warm and it was impossible to turn the heating right down. Breakfast was one of the best we have ever had anywhere in the world so well done! Check-in was fast and efficient and all staff seemed very pleasant. very handy for Russel Square tube and British Museum	
Jan 13 2008 	Excellent value and location at the Holiday Inn Bloomsbury	The room was excellent value for money, and was very clean. A lot of prior reviews complain about small rooms, but please remember this is a very expensive city, so for this kind of money you are not going to get a large room. Check-in and check-out were very swift and all staff were friendly. We booked this through Airmiles, and paid the cash price of £70 per night for a standard double, with breakfast. Breakfast was excellent and served till 11am.The location is excellent, not far from Russell Square or the tube station. In fact, we didn't actually use the tube as can easily walk down Kingsway and hit the Strand in under half an hour.Literally 2 minutes out of the hotel on the right is a small shopping centre with some high-street names, a few restaurants and a supermarket.	
Dec 28 2007 	Good Hotel for London	I stay in that Hotel 2 nights in October 2007. I went there 15 years ago when that Hotel was at that time a FORTE hotel. It's the same hotel with a new lobby with refurbished rooms.The Hotel is close of Russel's Square Station which is direct to Heathrow Airport.The room was in the Back. It was warm at this time of the year in London, but Air conditionning was stopped for winther time, fortunately it was possible to open the windows.For the price and the location, this hotel is a deal in London. The area is nice with pubs, restaurants, shops, etc. You can walk to the British Museum.	
Dec 21 2007 	Noisy Noisy Noisy	I stayed here overnight before a training course hoping for a good nights sleep unfortunately this did not happen.The hotel is very nice BUT the first room I was allocated looked out onto a flat roof, ok not here for the view but the window catch was snapped off and was lying on the desk. This meant that the window could not be closed or locked!A quick trip to reception and I was moved without a problem, however the room I was given overlooked the main road which was noisy all night with vehicles going past and bin lorries and delivery trucks etc reversing into nearby shops all night!The final straw was when a gang of noisy yobs returned to their room next to mine at 2:20am, then proceeded to laugh and shout for an hour or so. Hope they appreciated the door slamming when I left at 7:30!Staff were very friendly and apologetic when I mentioned the yobs at checkout, but nothing was done about it during the night.I wont be coming back here, use the Holiday Inn Kensington instead, much larger rooms and quieter.	
Nov 27 2007	Worth booking	Booked for me by my organisation's corporate travel people, I chose this out of three choices for the location.This was a two night stay in London for two different business meetings. I was booked a double room for single occupation with inclusive breakfast.The location was very good: central, near good transport and in an area I find pleasant (Bloomsbury). I arrived in London at Kings Cross, and this hotel was within reasonable walking distance, if you have smallish luggage. Otherwise, I recommend tube (Russell Square) or taxi. The general amenity of the hotel is of good quality: nice spacious and attractive reception area, very nice wide corridors (I loathe finding my room among narrow passages). The room was very good (though I think it might have been cramped for two), clean, neat and well laid out. Very nice bathroom - though, like other visitors I noted the tile grout was a bit grubby.Very good included english/continental breakfast - to visitor choice, well cooked. Good value for the business trip; I'd equally consider this for a private trip if I could get a reasonable deal. Recommended overall.	
Oct 29 2007 	Clean and well located but disappointed with the room.	I stayed at this hotel for a theatre weekend break with a friend recently after getting a good online rate for one night including breakfast. The hotel itself is well located for theatreland and shopping with all the popular places within a few tube stops. (or walking distance if you prefer) Russell Square tube station is quite easy to manoevreround and has 3 large lifts to take you down/up which saves on the walking! Once you come out of the station the hotel isn't within viewso cross over the road towards Tesco Metro (24 hour) and then head down the road to the right of Tesco. Once you get to the Irish Bar goleft and the Holiday Inn is actually attached to it - no more than 2 mins walk in total even with a suitcase.When we arrived at the hotel we were impressed with how modern and spacious the reception looked. The check in staff were friendly and efficient. Our room wasn't ready (we were quite early) but we could check in and leave our bags, (ticket system) so we headed off for shopping.We returned a few hours later and picked up the key cards for room 237. I have to say that although the room was clean and warm, it was not what I expected from a 4* hotel. There was no more than 2 foot ofspace at the bottom of the bed to the wall and the decor was very tired. The minibar was out of service although this was not a problem. The bathroom again was clean, which is the main thing, but very tired and tiny. On the plus side, the bed was extremely comfortable, there were plenty of tv channels to choose from and there was a good selection of tea/coffee/hot choc in the room. The curtains were also nice and thick so we weren't woken up early by anylight pouring through but the hustle and bustle of London was still audible through the windows.The restaurant was completely at the other end of the spectrum and was modern and looked as though it had been recently refurbished. Breakfast is served for a good few hours (7-11) and there is an amazing choice of bread/pastry, fruit, cooked breakfast etc and as it is buffet style you can choose what and how much you like. I noticed it said £14.95 on a board outside so I would recommend getting a deal which includes the breakfast as that price seems a bitsteep per person. Free Sunday papers were available in the reception area as well.Overall, I would say the hotel is well located but I have stayed in better for the same price nearby and I probably wouldn't return to this one.	
Oct 24 2007 	Overpaid and under refunded	I stayed at this hotel while I was overnighting in London in September. After giving them my card upon check-in for what I thought was the normal card swipe, I then paid when checking out the next morning. However, when I checked my bank account later in the week, I noticed that I had been charged twice, and that more had been taken off my account for the card swipe than the cost of the hotel room.I promptly got in touch with the hotel and asked for a refund. They were unable to find my details. I sent them a copy of my statement showing both charges, and they agreed to repay me the lesser amount. I said that this was unacceptable, as it wasn't what the room cost and I had also had the additional inconvienence of having to contact them about their error. However, this is the amount that duly arrived in my bank account, despite my explicit instructions that they were not to proceed without my authority.So not only did the hotel overcharge me, they also compounded their error - truly dreadful customer service and the reason for this review. In addition, the rooms are badly overpriced for what they are - I've stayed in numerous hotels in London and around the world, and this was pretty dire - the room I stayed in was badly in need of refurbishment and dated. Even if I hadn't been put to all the inconvienence of having to chase my money, I still wouldn't recommend it, though it's unlikely I would have felt strongly enough to write a review.	
Oct 7 2007 	Perfect Holiday	we were staying between 25.9-1.10/2007 and were very pleased from the hotel service. we got an upgrad room Because the standards room were booked out. NO complain.great location: Ruseel tub if right behind the hotel.Very good hotel.Recommended.	
Sep 26 2007 	great hotel good location	My husband and i stayed at this hotel for four days in August on our way back to Australia from a holiday traveling around europe. I have to say I was pleasantly surprised, we were expecting the rooms to be very small as this was what we had experienced elsewhere in europe. The room was not large but not uncomfortably small either. Staff at check in were very efficiant, and the hotel is clean and well run. The location is fantastic, close to west end and russel square station there is also a small shopping centre opposite with two supermarkets. Tip, it is much cheaper to book this hotel online with an external booking agent rather than through the holiday inn. try to get a booking with breakfast included as it works out much cheaper and the hotel breakfast is really good.	
Aug 22 2007 	4th time lucky!!	As you can guess by the title, this is the 4th time we have stayed at this hotel &amp; we keep coming back for more! we decided to stay this time for our wedding anniversary &amp; we had a great time as usual for the first time in 3 years of visiting we went to the brunswick shopping centre opposite the hotel, very nice!! also very nice was the irish bar at the hotel which serves a lovely pint of caffreys bitter. all in all we had a magical weekend and hope to return soon	
Aug 17 2007 	good location nice irish bar attached	often stay at holiday inn hotels on their weekend deals and generally think they are good valley for money and this was no acception. ok there not 5 star or boutique but tidy enough and reasonable facilities. we paid £200 for 2 people with breakfast and 1 evening meal for a 2 night weekend stay great location with nice pub. although on the morning we left had builders in next room at 9am using power tools and i had hangover ,not the best remody. staff were very helpful and booked us lunch at gauchos grill near the strand, if you like argentine steaks cooked to perfection go here i doubt you will have better steaks in britain,if you do have better please email me so ican go there.	
Aug 16 2007	Great hotel	Great hotel in a great location. 1 minute from Russell Square tube station &amp; 10 minutes walk from Covent Garden &amp; Oxford Street etc.Efficient check in with clean rooms as you would expect in a Holiday Inn.Good Breakfast with as much as you like buffet and in the evening they have a pub in the hotel with great value drinks and good food for a hotel.Seemed very busy during my short stay &amp; I will be back for more.	
Jul 30 2007 	Definately not 4 star!!	We stayed at the holiday Inn Bloomsbury on Saturday for our wedding anniversary, we were shocked as to how tiny the room was at it was a 4 star hotel. The mini Bar wasn't working and neither were half of the TV channels. The food in Callaghans was terrible and as a result we tried the hotel restaurant believing that at over £15 we should be getting a decent meal. The food in the restaurant was only ok you wouldn't say it was nice.I would also say that the customer service could do with improving as most of the staff find it hard undertsanding you.Not at all what I would expect from a 4 star holiday inn hotel.	
Jul 26 2007 	Great Location nice hotel	This hotel is a lot better than it looks from the outside and better than other Holiday Inn's that i have stayed in. Location is brilliant, short walk or cab ride to the west end. Staff were nice and or efficient. Bedroom was spotless and the room service was good. had quite a few pints in the Irish pub which i was not ripped off for despite my expectations. Would recommend for business mainly or as a base for sight seeing	
Jul 19 2007 	Not 4 star!	We have just arrived back from a 4 day stay at the holiday inn. we choose this hotel for the location, Russell Square . Getting around London from here is so easy. The Best thing aout this hotel is that our room was kept spotlessly clean by the housekeeping staff. Forget going into Callaghans bar, they have no beers only lager, when asked for a Bitter Shandy the poor trianee did'nt have a clue what I was asking for ! H e was left on his own whilst others stood talking. The phone in our room did n't work properly and after two days we gave up! We had been over to the brunswick mall for a meal and decided to finish off the evening in the bar only to get &quot;jumped on&quot; as soon as we walked in With a R U RESIDENTS ? ! no manners and an appalling attitude by this person. We didnt bother with Breakfast until our last day at £15.00 p.p u can hardly blame us. However the food was ok but they didnt have our room number on their lists!!! Room Service - we came back from a show in convent garden and were peckish! The room service menu is very limited after 11 pm. We ordered a 'holiday inn club sandwich, which is chicken,lettuce ,tomato, bacon &amp; mayo. NO mayo No lettuce and the wedges we requested with it weren't available so they put some cold half cooked chips with it instead. However they didn't t phone us to say they were unavailable we got told when they delivered it !! S o all in all we had agreat time but We definately Will not be Staying Here ever again. I would not rate this hotel as 4 star I've had better service in a 2star which is proberly where we will stay next time in London!! p.s hotel bar is closed on Sundays!	
Jun 29 2007 	The most horrible customer service it is hard to belive I stayed at Holiday Inn	First let me say- always have someone personally check out hotels you are not familiar with. Do not listen to the hotel staff and do not believe in the website photos. Big LIE! What happened to the Holiday Inn reputation and why they are charging $360 a night for this outrageous place? I could expect a little better service and the room quality. There is absolutely no privacy, the windows are facing other rooms, a courtyard style, but the rooms are located just above the roof of another building. Reminder::::::$360 a night. This wasn't a 3 star hotel. DON'T YOU EVER GO THERE!!!!!There are a lot of cool &amp; less expensive hotels to choose from in the neighborhood. The ICH Group supposedly taking care of the complaint did not help at all, what a lie.	
Jun 8 2007 	Tiny room but clean 	We stayed at this Holiday Inn as part of a 'secret deal' we booked through a website. We stayed four nights total. Overall, this hotel proved to be very convenient and a generally pleasant place to stay. Our room was nothing posh and was very small - we struggled to find enough room to open our two pieces of luggage. We had no views from our window and instead looked out onto a concrete courtyard facing other rooms. But on the plus side, it was clean and had all the basics you need like a hairdryer, television, etc. They also offer basics toothpaste, ear buds, etc. for free if you've forgotten something. While the rooms could do with a bit of an update, the general lobby area is nice looking, bright and modern.My only real complaint would be that we stayed in a room next to the cleaner's room. In the mornings at 8am, the cleaners would come and begin slamming their door and talking loudly. It wasn't a problem every morning of our stay, but one morning I counted that the door must have slammed 15 times in one minute. I could have opened our door and said something, I suppose, but I didn't. The location is great. It's handy for tube access, there's a tesco nearby, a Starbucks less than 5 minutes away and other shops &amp; cafes. We ate breakfast out every morning as the hotel breakfast prices seemed a bit steep and there are plenty of options nearby. In terms of value, I think this is a pretty good choice if you're on a budget but want to stay someplace half-way decent. I don't know London very well in terms of hotels, but we heard from friends that the price we paid for the location we stayed in was pretty good for London. One note: oddly enough, they didn't provide any facecloths with the towels - this is usually a pretty standard thing for hotels/motels, but I had to ask every time!	
May 29 2007 	Great Location	This hotel is a great base when visiting London. Ideally located nearby Russell Square underground station and easy walking distance to the British Museum. Tesco Metro round the corner. Great room rates, particularly when you prepay as we did. Staff were polite and helpful. Would definitely stay here again. Well recommended.	
May 4 2007 	Alright but no frills	I have stayed twice at this hotel in the past month on business tripsThe location of the hotel is excellent being a few minutes walk from the tube, the new shopping area, British Museum and London Hospitals. There is a car park under the hotel but this is run by a separate companyCheck-in ( &amp; check -out) on both occasions has proved to be very slow, with the reception desk staffed by somewhat unmotivated staff with a limited command of EnglishDownstairs near reception is a small (non smoking) bar and the entrance to the restaurant &amp; business suites and the attached Irish PubThe rooms are accessed via lifts in the reception area. On both occasions the rooms have been clean and light with all the normal facilities (TV, kettle, desk light etc) A minor gripe was that the desk light did not work in the first room and I had to reconnect the TV in the second room!A word of warning-shut your windows before you go to bed- the area seems to be quite noisy at night, primarily police/ ambulance sirensThe standard of the food here is very poor. On my first stay I had dinner in the soulless hotel restaurant which charges restaurant prices for cafe standard food. I had steak with all the trimmings and I feel that most of it had recently seen the inside of a freezer and the steak was very poor. Due to work commitments on my second stay I decided to have room service. I was told that the full room service menu was not available despite it being before the official end time. I ended up with a very unappetising luke warm, dryed up microwaved over priced curry. On a positive note the staff in the restaurant &amp; bars( unlike reception) are extremely pleasant, polite and attentive- full marks to themBreakfast is served in the restaurant and is the typical buffet style but there was a wide range of choices, fruit juice cereals, full cooked etcAdjoining the hotel is the Irish bar selling a wide range of drinks and bar meals. All of which were well priced and excellent value- I can recomend the special beefburger £6! This bar seems to be used by hotel guests and locals alike. It has a large TV screen in the centre which seems to show a constant diet of sports prorammesAll in all an adequate hotel with few frills. Reasonable value for its position and a good base from which to explore. Not somewhere where you would want to spend a long time in your room and i would advise anyone to venture out into the local area in order to eat &amp; drink as there is a wide range of excellent bars and restaurants within easy walking distance	
Apr 26 2007 	Good hotel with very convenient location	I stayed at Holiday Inn Bloomsbury during the easter weekend, 5.4. – 9.4.2007. My stay at the hotel was very pleasant and I can recommend the hotel to everyone.The location of the hotel is very good. Russell Square tube station is only one block away from the hotel, offering fast access to Covent Garden and Piccadilly Circus. It should be also noted that Russell Sq tube station is on the Piccadilly Line so the hotel can be reached directly from Heathrow airport, with no changes for other lines. The journey takes about 50 mins and I believe that this is not only the cheapest but also the easiest way to get to the hotel from Heathrow – maybe even the fastest too. There are no escalators at the tube station but the elevators are very large and no long queues were formed.The room included the usual hotel room stuff: bed, desk, tv, chair and rack. A pleasant surprise was a kettle together with everything needed for tee, hot chocolate or instant coffee. There were a bathtub and a shower in the bathroom. The room was big enough for 2 people and luggage but some people may find it a bit small. However, this was not a problem for me. The breakfast was very good including all sorts of warm and cold dishes from self-service buffet. As the hotel was very full during the easter weekend, there was a queue to the breakfast some of the mornings at 9 o’clock. The queues can be easily avoided by arriving to the breakfast a little bit earlier or later. There was also notification of the possibility of the queues in the hotel lobby.	
Apr 8 2007 	Nice hotel	Easy to find - located within a couple of minutes of tube station - also within walking distance of Kings Cross station.Service was ok. Restaurant got very busy for breakfast.Room clean and tidy.	
Mar 13 2007	Good Hotel	My visit to this hotel was nice, because it´s a good option in London, and is well located. The hotel is located in a neighborhood called Bloomsbury, and is very near of the British Museum, (You can easily get there walking) You also can get to Picadilly Circus by walking, in fact it´s a good idea to walk because you know better London and you can be in contact with the city. The hotel is very near of a subway station, and also you can get some food in a store located in the same block of the hotel. You can also visit the pub that is next to the hotel.The rooms are small, but confortable. The buffet breakfast was good and the variety of meals aren´t so limited.	
Mar 10 2007	Find somewhere better and at a lower price	Not an hotel I would return to. It seemed to have fallen into complacency. The room was nothing special and appeared as if it could do with some refurbishment and a really good clean. OK it was not dirty but at least needed to have the paintwork, tiling and furniture refreshed. There was also an attempt to add extra vat onto an already vat inclusive bill and I had to work to get my apology. The location is OK but there are much better. I stay in hotels very frequently and they fall into a pattern and general indifference on the part of the staff is often reflected in the general maintenace and care of the hotel. Look somewhere else and pay less. As a chain Holiday Inns do seem to need a bit of a shake up to provide more consistent standards, they cannot be relied on in the same way that for example the Ibis Hotels can and they are often horribly overpriced. The star rating system in Britain has fallen into disrepute as it is often no indicator of the quality that you will encounter.	
Mar 2 2007	location was great	Stayed at the holiday inn for my 27th birthday with my boyfriend. Didnt know what to expect as have never stayed in london before. check in was very quick and the staff were friendly. we had visited london to see we will rock you. we were un shaw off how to get to the thetre and asked the staff for advice. They were very friendly, helpfull and polite. They even gave us a map and ordered us a taxi. The hotel is in a very good area for amenaties with russel square tube station just around the corner. Just over the way from the hotel is a small shopping precinct with boots, waitrose and cash points etc. There is a pub next door to the hotel which we visited after the show for a quick drink before retiring to bed. Or failing that there is a bar within the hotel. Breakfast was very good with a choice of continental or full english.The rooms were adaquate for the two of us and very clean. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would definatly stay again.	
Feb 27 2007 	Good location nice relaxed feel!	My wife and I recently satyed in the Bloomsbury Inn on a weekend in London when we went to see &quot;We Will Rock You&quot;. Having taken the time to check the parking which was only £17.00 for 24 hours next door we felt this was an ideal base. The rooms where clean and tidy and overall we were pleased with all aspects of the stay. My only slight niggle was the air con in the room was only on heat and could not be changed and therefore we were rather warm in the evening. Only a 10 minute walk to Oxford Street and a good alround base for a weekend away.	
Feb 23 2007	Not a good location for walking around London bad attitude at check in	We stay in London relatively frequently, as I live in the USA with my partner, and we travel to see my family in England regularly that often involves a lay over in the capital for a few nights. In short, we've stayed in FAR better for the same or less than we paid on this trip. The location is miserable, if you want to walk to the more popular or tourist spots in the city and exploring the streets of London and soaking up the atmosphere is a large part of the fun of our vist.The hotel is not located in the newer more &quot;trendy&quot; parts of London. There's NOTHING going on around this hotel, we paid over $350 a night to stay there in December. My favorite hotel, The Howard, Swiss Hotel was a bit more pricey at $460 a night - I wish I'd spent the extra money as we probably spent around 250 pounds ($460) in cabs in addition to our hotel stay as everywhere we wanted to go was quite a ways off. Granted, we don't know the city all that well, and we should have done better research, but we are tourists but we've never had this problem when we've stayed elsewhere in London.The attitude of the check in clerk upon our arrival was absolutely terrible. We'd been in transit from the west coast of the USA for 20 hours, and her immediate comment when she brought up our information and noticed there were three people going to be staying in our room was: &quot;Ok, you owe us an extra 50 pounds for the extra member of your group&quot;. She had failed to notice that we'd already paid this extra surcharge (why????) when we booked the room through Travelocity.com. We asked to speak with a manager and he confirmed we had indeed already. No apology or acceptance of her mistake or impolite tone of course. It was very annoying to be greeted with this type of welcome after such a long trip. However, I have to say, and I'm a native of the country.....we had the worst experiences with this same money grabbing attitude from several entities in England during this last stay, from the Holiday Inn, to being ripped off by 40 pounds by a cabbie in London (where the hotel concierge complained to the city authorities upon us reporting what happened), to British Airways check-in desk attendants. As I mentioned, we were there in December, maybe the weather was having an effect on everyone?????The one good thing I have to say about the hotel is that for a city property, the rooms were quite decent in size. Other than that, stay elsewhere, better service, better rooms, better location and better overall vacation experience at other hotels.	
Feb 16 2007	Good Location; Comfortable Bed	Compared with my husband and my 3 previous stays in London - this hotel was worth returning to.Location - great!Bed - very comfortable &amp; larger than a typical London hotel bedFelt Safe in and around hotelCleanBedroom good sizeBathroom small (but in room)Staff - left a lot to be desired (not knowledgeable about attractions; not helpful)Did not eat in the on-site restaurantIn addition, there's a great &quot;mall&quot; right across the street. It is designed for those who live above in the condos, but there's a wonderful grocery store, shopping and about 6 really nice restaurants from square pie, to sushi, to a great Italian restaurant.Make sure you ASK FOR A QUITE ROOM. Unfortunately I forgot to, and we had the pleasure of being awoken several times every ninght to the sound of what I could only guess was a recycling facility in the ground floor, under our room (#222 - don't get room 222). Much crashing and sound of breaking glass, etc. But I WOULD stay at this hotel again, just ask for a QUITE room (or other side of hotel).LOCATION - you are literally 1/2 block from the Russell Square underground. Which links you with all the major underground train lines, in a stop or two. IF YOU'RE GOING, WRITE THIS DOWN: when you get off the Russell Square stop (follow signs to &quot;way out&quot; including getting on an elevator, going up) walk out the door and straight ahead. There is a building ahead of you, just stay on the sidewalk to the right of it. Walk 1/2 block. You are actually walking along side the hotel. (You'll pass the &quot;recycling facility&quot; or whatever it is, in the building on the left) The &quot;mall&quot; is on your right. At the corner - turn LEFT - YOU ARE AT THE HOTEL. :)Also, you're pretty central to &quot;city center&quot;, short underground ride to theaters, etc.We went off season, and I feel we got a decent price, and what we paid for. Except don't expect the &quot;consierse&quot; to help you.Good luck!	
Jan 8 2007 	Perfect	Had a great stay. Room for wife and myself was perfect. There was a love seat in room for taking a break, bathroom large enough to do your business, hairdryer in room plugged into wall near vanity mirror, not bathroom. Small refrigerator in room. Very clean and good daily maid service. Hotel restaurant and adjacent Irish Pub looked nice and had people in them but we did not try. Russell Square Tube directly behind hotel (one block...make right out of hotel lobby, right again on Marchmont Street and in 2 minutes you are there. Small shopping complex across street called New Brunswick shopping centre (walk through a walkway tunnel located to the right and accross the street of the hotel main entrance). That had a large supermarket, shops including: clothing, sweets, pharmacies, Starbucks, etc. We really have no complaints at all about the hotel and is better than some Holiday Inns in the states. One minor problem, that can happen in any hotel, was the fire alarm went off at 1:30 AM. Everyone had to evacuate and was a false alarm. Fire company came, cleared the building and we were back in 15 minutes later. It was too minor to complain about, and what would they do...better safe than sorry.	
Dec 29 2006 	Something better may exist out there on the same price...	Date: 29 December 2006Reviewer: A tripAdvisor Member, GreeceThe booking by this hotel was made by my travel agent, included in a 4 day holiday package.Except the ideal location of the hotel, which was next to the Russel Square underground station, all other services of the hotel where found below avergage.The so-called twin room was very narrow, even making it difficult to move from one side of the room to the other. The hotel semmed to be very old, at least 30 years, with many problems, such as defective windows. The breakfast area was very small compared to the size of the hotel, which resulted to big queues in order to have breakfast every morning.	
Dec 18 2006 	Above Average - Bright Friendly Clean and ideal for what we wanted	I spent a night here 16 December whilst visiting London, taking my mother to see a show in the West End. My usual business trips are to the City and I always find London hotel rooms small and not value for money. On the other hand, our twin room was bright, clean, spacious with all mod cons. Helpful staff. Excellent breakfasts, and a handy range of bars and transport options. I'd love their cleaners to come and clean my bathroom - the tiles in the bathroom were sparkling clean! Great value and exactly what we wanted - I'd be back!	
Dec 16 2006 	Needs a Refurb	I stayed at this hotel for one night in December 06 and it reminded me why I don't stay over in London more often.The positive about this hotel is the location which is right next to Russell Square underground station ( use the lifts not the 175 steps down to the platforms) and that it is within walking distance of attractions including Covent Garden.The check in was fine and I had no real reasons for complaint during my brief stay.The rooms and non public areas of the hotel are however in dire need of some refurbishment. My room on the 2nd floor overlooked the generators in the middle of the hotel and looked like it had been decorated and tiled about 30 years ago! It was reasonably equipped and everything was in working order.My point is that it was small and felt unwelcolming.This hotel is ok for a brief stopover but don't expect the quality and special touches that make a good holiday hotel.I left feeling very glad that my company had paid for the accomodation.	
Dec 12 2006 	No problems	Stayed here for 3 nights with a number of business colleagues, having also stayed for a night last year. Our rooms all varied in size, but the smallest was still fine for one person - it would have been too small for a couple. The airconditioning seemed to be switched off centrally, which was not ideal as the rooms were rather warm. This was not a problem after the first night as it was possible to leave the windows open and turn off the radiators during the day so that in the evening the rooms were comfortable for sleeping. Good breakfasts, comfortable beds and reasonably pleasant staff (by London standards). Good value if you get a deal.	
Nov 22 2006 	very convenient base for london	We stayed in London for 3 nights and simply needed a clean, comfortable place to sleep. This holiday inn fulfilled our needs perfectly. The bed was comfy, the shower had powerful pressure. Breakfast was not included, but there's a 24-hour tesco right behind the hotel where we stocked up on juice, rolls, etc. Teabags, kettle are provided and replenished daily. Also, Russel Square tube station is right behind the hotel, which is very convenient. The staff were friendly and efficient. The room was little more than matchbox-sized, but it was clean and comfy, and for this price in central london was good value.	
Nov 12 2006 	Good Hotel on a budget	The hotel was very close to the Tube station and on a great line.Our room was tight but was fine for a family with 2 small children.Shower had great water pressure and we never heard any noise at night from the hotel. The breakfast was included and was great for a family and included fresh fruit, made to order eggs, pastries, etc. We booked with Holiday Inn but keep checking better specials on their site to include Tower of London tickets or the British zoo. Hotel was very close to the British Museum. Staff was nice but no extra touches (did'nt expect anything special from the hotel). Buy an Oyster card for travelling on the Tube. It saved us a fortune, got have price tickets on the London Eye, only 1 pounds extra to go to Heathrow, and used it multiple times a day.	
Nov 11 2006 	Lovely Hotel Great Location!!	I found this hotel at the last minute before Mum and I left Australia for London, we stayed in the hotel for around a week and got a great deal for the room. We had never been overseas before and were pleasantly surprised with the quality of the hotel. Every morning we would stroll downstairs to the breakfast room for a wonderful full english self service buffet. The room was large and always full of people, but the hotel managed to keep the food coming. Each morning our rooms were serviced and cleaned. We stayed on level 4 of 6 and in a twin room. The hotel is one street away from russell square tube and is easily accessed via the hop-on-hop-off bus companies. I strongly recommend these buses if your a tourist as they let you see the sites in a guided tour. The hotel has an irish pub downstairs and it serves a small variety of food throughout the day, the restaurant has a selection of healthy meals for dinner and of course there is room service! We had plenty of room for our bags and could hang our jackets in the cupboard. There is a laundry service, hair dryer and all the usuall amenities you would find in a hotel. I would not advise anyone to catch a cab from the airport (heathrow) to the hotel as it set us back 70pound! We caught the Hotel Link Bus. Very cheap and helpful. If i was going back to london i would stay here again and suggest it to my friends. Very Happy with the Hotel and its service.	
Oct 22 2006 	Never Again!	The only good aspect of the Holiday Inn in Bloomsbury, London, England is that it is just around the corner from the Russell Square tube station and the one-way journey from Terminal 4 at Heathrow is one hour away and costs 4 pounds.It has the definite feeling of an American chain albeit staffed by charming Polish employees. The rooms are littered with pieces of paper advertising various Holiday Inn products, but when you want writing paper or the time breakfast is served, it is nowhere to be found. Soulless and very noisy and frantic on the weekend with fun-loving bodies on cheap packages! We were kept awake on a Saturday night/ Sunday morning (1:30 am to 6:15 am!!!) by the partying antics of a few couples who seemed to be swoppingaround rooms. If you book into a much more expensive executive room, perhaps you are spared this?The full English breakfast was good but served in a fast food atmosphere.Next time we will stay in the dignified old Russell Hotel.	
Oct 4 2006 	Great location and well priced hotel	I have stayed at this hotel many times over the years, and have always had a pretty good experience here on the whole when compared with many other hotels in London in the same price range. The hotel is very reasonably priced when booked directly through their website.The staff are courteous (there's always the odd exception in any hotel!!), the car park is conveniently located under the hotel which is more than can be said for most London hotels and the breakfast is always good, and no more pricey than other hotels. The location is great, a pleasant 10 - 15 minute walk to Covent Garden with plenty going on in the surrounding areas. I have tried many other hotels in London and as I only ever use the hotel as a place to park the car, a central base to get to Theatreland and a bed for the night, I have always found it to be the best all rounder (given the price).	
Sep 24 2006 	Wonderful location thank goodness for Tesco!	We (family of four, two kids under 12) stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in August/06, en route to Europe. The best thing going for it is it's location across the street from the Russell Square tube station. We took the tube from Heathrow, with our luggage, and managed to schlep it across the street and down a bit to the hotel without too much of a problem.There is a 24 hr supermarket called Tesco across the street as well, and we bought most of our food from there. Because there was a fridge in the room, we were able to stock it without incurring the outrageous prices in restaurants in London. The Hotel itself was okay, the lobby was nicer than the other floors. Our room had a queen bed and a double pull out sofa, but when it was made up as a bed, you had no where to stand! The room really was very small, but it did sleep all four of us which a lot of European rooms won't do. The rate we got was not that cheap by North American standards but I am told we got a good deal for London!At any rate, since we were in the room only to change and sleep, it was okay. What it really has going for it is the location with the Tube station and the Tesco so nearby. Also, if you get a decent rate, I would recommend it without hesitation.	
Aug 31 2006 	Living out of a suitcase	Just preparing for future trip and checked reviews. When we stayed here through Virgin Vacations Holiday Inn must have just taken over. No problems except there were no dressers or shelves to unpack clothes. Had to live out of suitcase. When I complained to Desk they said all rooms were like that. I wonder if things have changed?	
Aug 31 2006 	Great hotel great location!	We had a very pleasant stay at this hotel in early August, 2006. You can't beat the location with the Russel Square underground (a VERY easy commute to Heathrow) and a 24-hour well-stocked Tesco grocery around the corner. It's a short walk to numerous &quot;tourist attractions&quot; and many pubs in the Theater District. We had two rooms which were both very clean, well-supplied and showed no signs of wear and tear. The staff were very friendly and helpful with the numerous questions we asked of them. We had no complaints.I totally agree with all the points of the last review. This is a Holiday Inn folks - and a very nice one at that!	
Aug 22 2006	Great Value and Location	Did you ever notice that when someone feels slighted (real or imagined) by a staff person, that slight colors their entire review from the cleanliness of the room to the furnishings. This is a Holiday Inn, it's not The Ritz. We've stayed here three times and have been more than pleased. The location can't be beat, the rooms although small (this is London, not Detroit) are furnished well, the beds are comfortable, the bathroom spotless, and the a/c works fine. I have never had a problem at check-in or with the bill. The staff from desk clerks to housekeepers have always been pleasant and helpful. I am amazed by some of the poor reviews. If you don't have the money, don't eat breakfast at the hotel. There is a mini-mart steps from the hotel where you can purchase oj, milk, cereal, etc which keeps well in the room fridge. The rooms also have coffee and tea makers. No room delivery of the newspaper? Instead of harassing a poor housekeeper (no wonder your room wasn't serviced properly), get off your butt and go down to the lobby where three different London dailies are available for free.Finally, there seem to be a number of bad reviews of the hotel that stem from problems with the hotel restaurant (food,service, or both). You stay at a Holiday Inn to sleep and perhaps take a late afternoon nap. The fact that anyone would go to London and eat dinner at a Holiday Inn boggles the mind. Are people really that lazy that they would go to London and not research places to go out for a good, reasonably priced meal in lieu of a meal at a Holiday Inn. If you don't want to spend a fortune and have a good meal for a lot cheaper than the hotel restaurant, go to an Indian restaurant, or Pizza Express (NOT Pizza Hut), or Ask Italian restaurant, or Mr. Kong's in China Town, or get dim sum at the Royal China on Queensway. But be forewarned: You'll actually have to go outside.	
Aug 20 2006	Not brilliant	The check in is efficient but alarm bells should have rung when there weredifferent people complainimng whenever I went through the lobby.Hotel was clean and adequate.Rooms are very very small, as are the bathrooms. You really have to squeeze pasteverything . During the night it was noisy from outside air conditioning unitsand also internal doors banging.Car parking is good under the hotel but the going rate for London about £17.00per day.Beware when booking the price quoted does not include taxes, which I thinkHoliday inn have only recently began doing, having used them for years this isthe first time I have had this but on checking the confirmation email and website it does say it but can be missed.Plenty of eating places on Russell Square and Southampton Row, covenient fortube.Probably would not use this hotel again.	
Jul 24 2006 	What a disappointment!	When we were browsing for hotels online, this seemed like the perfect location. Many hotels (or bread and breakfasts) in London don't have bathrooms in the room, are cramped, and don't offer many of the facilities this hotel offers on location (restaurant, baggage check, etc.). Also, reviews seemed to be very complimentary regarding the staff and housekeeping. We booked our stay for 20 days, well in advance, and figured we'd have nothing to worry about.Although the room itself was generally as stated, we instantly saw problems with our stay. A free breakfast was clearly listed in the hotel accomodations (we booked through American Express Travel, and we brought the printout with us for evidence, though we are now aware that not all bookings come with this offer). As poor college students, my brother and I couldn't afford to eat out for every meal, so we tried to take advantage of the offer. Each time we went down to breakfast, we were turned away and had to speak to a manager, who would constantly assure us that the issue would be or had been taken care of, and would usher us back in to the restaurant. By the end of our stay, we had 7 breakfast charges (at a whopping 52 pounds EACH TRIP!!!) on our bill, although every duty manager assured us that the issue was resolved. Even after speaking to the general manager of the hotel, we still didn't receive a satisfactory solution until the night before we left.Service continued to be a problem throughout our stay. Housekeepers, unwilling to deliver simple items like the newspaper, would give us haughty rebukes and in one instance actually hung up on us! Items that were promised with the room wound up not being included (many of these toiletries the plaque in the bathroom insisted we take advantage of). Although we are generally neat people and try to cause as little hassle for the staff as possible, we often found the rooms unvaccuumed, the towels sticky, and beds stained. On one occasion, after returning from a meeting with a manager, we found 2 housekeepers in our room with the door closed (as a general rule, this hotel seems to insist upon ONE housekeeper per room, with the door OPEN). Nothing turned up missing or stolen, but the run-in was very unsettling to return to.In each instance, we tried to let our complaints known as politely and frankly as possible. We did NOT place any unnecessary demands upon the staff, though with each complaint, managers seemed to be holding more of a grudge against us. The office phone number of the general manager was actually WITHHELD from us by a duty manager who must have inferred we were calling to complain about him, as we had experienced the most trouble (and hostility) from him. By the end of our stay, the entire managerial staff knew who we were and would interrupt us before we could say a word (even when we weren't trying to find them!). Our complaint doesn't lie with the small issues; we realize that mistakes happen and no one is perfect. However, we found the staff to be extremely rude and condescending, and very unwilling to rectify an issue. It wasn't until our meeting with the general manager that we were satisfied, and even then the gen. man. took a break from our discussion, apparently in order to phone the duty manager in question to confirm the story. After the phone call, we were told that our problems (especially concerning the breakfast, which we would NOT have continued to visit if we knew for one moment that the price wouldn't be waived) had already been discussed with us, and that nothing could be done to remove it from the bill (eventually we showed enough evidence to prove the contrary). Our hotel stay was extremely trying, and wasn't worth the hassle (especially considering the price!). The location is wonderful, but you're bound to find a better hotel in a similar area for less money and hopefully less stress.	
Jul 21 2006	My bed had fleas	Four words sum up this hotel:My Bed Had Fleas.'Nuff said	
Jul 21 2006	Very satisfactory	Very enjoyable stay at a clean well run hotel. Rooms are small but functional, air conditioning was working beautifully (we just happened to be in London during the hottest spell ever recorded). The location couldn't be more convenient to Russell Square tube station (1 minute walk), which is on the picadilly line (~1hr from Heathrow) and 2 or 3 stops from Covent Garden. Theatreland is a pleasent 20-30 minute walk from the hotel or accessible by tube.The buffet breakfast was well laid out, and plentiful, the staff were very helpful and even provided free newspapers during breakfast. They had no problems holding our baggage for 5 hours the day we left, so all in all I would very much recommend it.	
Jun 18 2006 	Much Improved	I have stayed at this hotel a number times over the years as my employers had an account with Forte Posthouse. The location is great, just round the corner from Russell Sq. tube with Euston and Kings Cross stations a short walk away. But I didn't like the bedrooms.That has all changed since Holiday Inns have spent time and money on redecorating and upgrading the bedrooms. Gone is the dark furniture and the strange prints on the walls deck plans of sailing ships in a central London hotel?) and in there place is light wood furniture and bright decor. The rooms look a lot nicer, it's just a shame they are all a bit smaller than one usually expects from a Holiday Inn. But I will definately stay here again.	
May 27 2006	Enjoyable stay well located	I stayed here early May 2006 - my first time in London. Although I arrived before the 1400 check-in time, I was allocated a room straight away.The hotel is well situated - being very close to Russell Square tube - convenient as it is on the Piccadilly line - which takes you to Heathrow Airport. And believe me, you don't want to be changing trains on the tube if you have luggage - as many stations don't have escalators or lifts.I found the check-in staff a little cold and clinical, but I only had to deal with them twice. The bar staff are fantastic and very friendly. As for Callaghan's, I've been to more genuine &quot;Irish&quot; pubs in Sydney! However, the beer is good, and the bar food is OK too. There are quite a few eating and drinking options nearby, so explore beyond the hotel.My room was on the 1st floor, and I found it quiet and comfortable. The rooms have wooden panel doors which you can close so you don't get the morning light and it also reduces street noise.My only complaint would be that I ordered a taxi for a Monday morning at 0400 - to get to Victoria Station to get the Gatwick Express for a short visit to Poland. My taxi arrived late, and the night staff didn't seem too bothered about it - even though I'd ordered it the night before, and I ended up missing the 0430 Gatwick Express and had to wait until 0500 for the next train.This was a small blight on their copybook, however, I would definitely stay here again.	
May 21 2006	Pleasantly surprised; wonderful stay!	I stayed at the Holiday Inn Bloomsbury for a week in late May/early June 2005. I didn't realize the expense of this hotel because I'd received a nice package deal through Priceline. While the exterior of the building looks fairly basic and box-like, I found the rooms inside to be fairly large for European standards, with a cozy, comfortable double bed and fairly spacious bathroom with both shower &amp; tub. However, bring your own washcloths as the hotel does not provide them. And FYI--the English call washcloths &quot;flannels&quot; should you need to request or purchase these somewhere. The property was kept clean and the cleaning staff, though few spoke good English, were always courteous and thorough in their cleaning.The views from the rooms are not spectacular, but I was only there to sleep and bathe because I came to the city to tour. When I first arrived, I was given a room on the inner side of the hotel, looking out on the interior rooftops of the hotel. I requested an external view and was moved, but I wish I hadn't because I could sometimes hear a bit of noise from the street below (I was on the 3rd floor). Mind you, the noise was mainly from occasional ambulances, and the noise wasn't a constant bother.The area around the building has a few good restaurants and pubs. The Russell Square tube station is directly across the street from the rear of the hotel, and this proved to be very convenient. A small grocery store is also right there, so I would stop there on my way to the hotel each evening to buy snacks and drinks for the evening. The hotel room had a mini-bar fridge that was emptied but still in operation so I used that to keep my drinks chilled. If I could get a good deal on the room, I would definitely stay here again. It's convenient, safe, clean, and comfortable.	
May 10 2006 	The evening was better than the morning	Cost £106 for one night, double bed single occupancy, room only.PROS:Room clean, spacious, well appointed.Good size bed and bath.Beer cheaper than at home in 'Callaghans Bar' (£2.45 a pint of Guinness).Bar food (steak for me) good value for the area (£9.95, correctly cooked, all the trimmings).Front office staff exhibting grace under pressure (arrived at a very busy time).I stayed for business, but close to many tourist attractionsBUTAlarm function on TV failed.Early morning call never happened.Newspaper not delivered.Waited 15 minutes for breakfast coffee.Breakfast not good value (£14.95 for okay buffet breakfast)	
Apr 23 2006	Good Vakue	Booked online and got it for £65 per night weekend rate for two of us, breakfast included. The room was small, but looked recently decorated. The buffet breakfast was great. Russel Square tube is only a couple of minutes away and the area is quite nice. Covent Garden is only two tube stops away.I've paid more than this a few times for worse rooms, in worse locations in London.	
Apr 19 2006	Great location - Nice place to stay	We had a 3-day city trip to London in January 2006.We booked the Holliday-Inn Bloomsbury through theirwebsite which was quite convenient.The location of the hotel fantastic, in a quite area, nearby the tube station Russel Square from where you can reach all attractions within a few minutes.The room was in the typical Holliday-Inn style, which is clean with all comfort you need, but rather small.We did not take breakfast in the hotel because this was not included in the price and was too expensive (18 £ per person).We had a good breakfast in the neighbourhood for8 £ only.It was a nice stay at a correct price (for London).We would really recomend this hotel if you are looking for a decent hotel at a location not too farfrom the main attractions.	
Apr 16 2006	Good value and centrally located	My friend and I stayed at this hotel for 6 nights and enjoyed our stay here. Having stayed in other hotels in Europe, we found the room to be bigger than what we expected. The room and bathroom were clean. The shower provided good water pressure and plenty of hot water. We had booked a non-smoking room with a double bed to take advantage of an internet special, but when we arrived we asked if we could have 2 twin beds instead. The hotel was able to grant us our request. The staff was helpful and able to assist us with whatever we needed i.e. booking a shuttle to the airport, restaurant recommendations, etc. The location of the hotel was great. It is right around the corner from the Russell Square tube stop and within walking distance of Oxford Street, and Covent Garden/Leicester Square. There is a Tesco grocery store around the corner across from the tube station as well as another grocery store half a block down. There are two internet cafes, 2 post offices and restaurants within a block or two of the hotel. The only problem that we encountered during our stay was the noise first thing in the morning from the construction across the street. Also, our breakfast was not included in the price of our room and we ended up eating breakfast the morning that we arrived. We felt the breakfast was a bit overpriced after we figured out what it cost in U.S. $$. Otherwise, we had a pleasant stay at this hotel and would recommend it to others.	
Mar 28 2006	Nice hotel in London	We got a discounted rate through Priceline and it was a great bargain. The staff were friendly, and accommodated our request for a twin-bedded, non-smoking room. The room looked like it had been newly refurbished. There was a slight oversight in that there was only one wine glass (we could have asked for two, had we any wine), but it was real crystal. The bathroom was fine. Amenities could have been improved a bit, as the soap is available from a dispenser and is to be used for hands, face, body, and hair. If this is important to you, bring your own.The location is very convenient, near the Russell Square tube on the Piccadilly Line, near many buses, and walkable to numerous museums and even Camden Market on one end and Covent Garden on the other, if you want. The Tesco Express grocery store around the corner is open 24 hours per day, and the Boots pharmacy is across the street if you need it. I would definitely be happy to stay here again. Everything went smoothly during our stay, and I have nothing of significance to complain about.	
Mar 20 2006	excellent hotel	stayed at the holiday inn bloomsbury for one night and found all the other reviews very helpful when making my choice.I agree with all the reviews regarding the hotel, friendly helpful staff, very good location for all sightseeing, very good breakfast, rooms very clean, we asked for extra milk and was given a jug full of milk. irish bar very good with good menu relativly cheap.We booked through ---- and paid £79 for one night's stay. Along with the voucher we also recieved a leaflet which had discount for various attractions in london. We found this most useful, 2 for the price of one for the London Dungeon and the British War Musuem which we enjoyed especially due to the fact it saved us over £24 from normal admission prices.	
Mar 20 2006	Worst Hotel I have stayed in the UK	If you like souless, 70's built hotels with views over the courtyard that house air-conditioning units then this place is for you. We had a &quot;basic&quot; room that could have been a bad advert for MFI. Previous reviews mention refurbishment but the place looked tarnished. Breakfast was a fine line between Full English Breakfast or Greasy Joe's cafe ! They boast about the pillow menu but when I asked for No.4 as replacement they told me they had none left.Pros.The room was clean enough.The cleaning maids are nice and friendly.The location is handy for the Tube.Having a Tesco's around the corner was handy.	
Mar 3 2006 	Make sure you check your bill	First the good news. Location is great, short walk away from Russell Square tube. 10 or so minute walk to Kings Cross. Tesco Metro (supermarket) opposite the tube station so all your needs looked after.Check in============OK. They have a special desk for Priority Club members. The lady at the desk was more interested in the person who was on the phone. Not much warmth or engagement with me.Double checked that I had got the room I had booked as I didn't want to end up in a smoking room.I have stayed at this hotel in several different rooms. My Platinum Priority Club card has never resulted in a room upgrade, so I tend to avoid staying here, unless I happen to need to be in this part of town.The Room=============As I didn't want to rely on my Platinum Card I had booked an Exec room and it was well worth the small amount extra.Some of the other rooms I have stayed in have been clean, but frayed at the edges, with paint chipped off the walls/doors.However, my Exec Rooms was nicely done and seem to have been better maintained. This one was on the first floor and was on one of the quiet side streets.Decent size and clean, mini bar and tea and coffee facilities in the room.The bed==============Comfortable, pillow selection always good at HI. Nice duvet.The bathroom==================Decent size, clean, nice shower. Plenty of towels.The gym==============There is access to the Fitness First gym which is just across the road from the hotel. This is a full service gym with all facilities other than a pool.Food and bars=================Can't comment on these as I didn't use them.The bill=============I had booked the hotel using InterCon's website. I use this all the time and very rarely are their issues with prepaid rates. One the odd time it has happened it has been a genuine mix up and the hotel have sorted it out no problem.Not this hotel!The hotel have billed me twice, once for the pre-paid and then again at check out. Two emails to the hotel to resolve this went unanswered.A call to the hotel to get it sorted resulted in &quot;we have only billed you once&quot;. Extremely poor service and no attempt to resolve it at their end. I had hoped it would be straight forward to resolve direct with the hotel. However, sadly, it was not to be. American Express on the other hand were excellent, saw that the hotel had put through two charges and have reversed it.So, please if you do stay here, it will be ok, but check the bill and don't expect any help if there is a problem!	
Feb 25 2006	nice hotel	good clean hotel we stayed with the kids they had a pull out sofa bed , the room and bathroom were clean and a good size . breakfast very nice with a large choice would stay again	
Jan 13 2006	Unexpectedly Impressed by the Holiday Inn Bloomsbury	Having read some mediocre reviews here, I was a little uneasy about the one night we had reserved (via Priceline) for two rooms. It being my mother's 60th birthday, I had called the hotel in advance to confirm room requests and was assisted by a very helpful young woman who pre-assigned our adjacent requested room types. Check-in was smooth; even though we were hours early, one of our rooms was ready so we could leave our bags and go off, happily knowing our other room would be ready upon our return. No mention was made of Priceline as our method of reservation/payment – as is often the case with other hotel chains – and we were treated very well by all staff. We spent some time relaxing on a sofa in an extension of the lobby that was spacious and calm. The rooms were fairly standard (i.e. not overly spacious) 3* London hotel rooms, but were spotlessly clean, as were the well-equipped bathrooms (complete with 'Dove' soap / shower cleanser). In all, given the competitive price we paid, the very convenient location (steps from Russell Square tube and a 24-hour Tesco grocery shop) and a decent range of eating places within walking distance, I cannot speak highly enough of this hotel.	
Jan 1 2006	Nice Find	I stayed 4 days at the Holiday Inn Bloomsbury and have no complaints. The room I had was large by English standards. The room was clean and my room was quiet except for the elevator as I had a room near the elevator. It wasn't enough of an issue for me to request a room change. I ate breakfast at the restaurant and it was good but not cheap. The price for the breakfast was about 13 Pounds Sterling which I found average for London hotels. I found a good number of restaurants a couple Tesco's within easy walking distance. I ate at Hasan Raja on Southampton Row and enjoyed the meal. The park at nearby Russell Square was a nice find. It was also a close walk to the British Museum and the Charles Dickens mueum from the hotel.	
Sep 17 2005	its a holiday inn people...	stayed here in Sept for 4 nights and was &quot;upgraded&quot; to an executive suite... room was small but clean (housekeeping came even if you had a do not disturb sign on the door) bring an alarm clock because the wake up call only works half the time.Pretty authentic British pub in the hotel but don't eat in the hotel restaurant - it is terrible and overpriced!! definitely not a 4 star hotel but it was convenient to the underground (1/2 block) and within walking distance of Covent Garden(theatre district) and Picidilly Circus (Times Square of London) Tried all the Indian food restaurants on the same block (3) as the hotel and they were all great (Chowki was the best of the 3) be prepared for sticker shock if you are from the US because the pound is worth 2x the dollar right now...everything is priced comparitively to the dollar but in pounds so just double the price...	
Sep 16 2005	You will enjoy your stay here great location to all the sites	I was at this hotel for 14 days (August 27-September-10) and enjoyed each and every day there. It is close to every attractions, Big Ben, W.Abbey, London Tower, B. Museum and others. It was basically about 15 minutes or so on the tube for locations on other parts of the tube, but the trains came quickly, so the ride could be less time on them. As far as the hotel itself:The people at the reception desk was very helpful with the exception to one or two of them that did not know what they were doing. If I needed anything I would go to the lady Joann who helped me or if it was during the night, a man named Henry. Breakfast at this hotel is 15 pounds and I was okay with that for about 2 days. The breakfast was fresh and very tasty. Dinner at Callahans, a pub in the hotel was fantastic with juicy and well cooked hamburgers, great tasting bangers and mash and also their pasta dishes were good. You can even take your drink up to your room or away from the hotel to the outside picnic area with no questions as to what you are doing with the drink away from the bar. Stay away from the NACHOS, they were not good. There is a grocery store nearby (TESCO), if you would prefer to eat great tasting cold sandwiches and the store is 24 hours. The location is across the street from the RUSSELL station and a short walking distance to the hotel. If you are looking for a good housekeeper who changes your linen every single day and fluff your pillows, dust and vacuum, not to mention keep your bathroom stocked with towels and clean each day, make sure you get a floor with Olive (female) as the housekeeper. The other ones were truly lazy and you would have to beg them to change your sheet or hide the current so that they would not have a choice but to put a new one on. One more thing, if you need an ironing board or something from the restaurant the employees are happy to bring it to you and very quickly. The staff is helpful in getting you where you need to be and recommend things to you. After 10:00pm, the elevators shut down so that you have to use your access badge to get it and that made me feel very safe. You will enjoy this hotel. I will be staying there again in March of 2006. Cheers!!!	
Aug 20 2005	Very pleasant stay	I, my wife, and our 16 year old son stayed at the Holiday Inn Bloomsbury for 5 nights recently - a very pleasant stay. We paid 90 pounds for a room with a double bed and a double-size convertible couch (It was surprisingly difficult to find hotels with 2 doubles beds in London). This included full breakfasts each day. The room was rather small (as expected) but in good condition and very clean and included a small refrigerator. The breakfasts were good. It is only 1 block from the Russell Square Tube station (which had just reopened after the bombing) and easy walking distance to the British Museum. We would definitely stay there again. There were no surprises on the bill, other than a 1.5 pound charge to access our USA-direct number.	
Aug 9 2005	Nice hotel and locatin	After reading some of these reviews, I was reluctant to stay here. I was pleasantly surprised. The hotel is nothing special, and the room we had was small, but it was more than adequate. The location was great unless you want to be in the directly heart of the touristy part of London. We loved the residential neighborhood and the little restaurants nearby. It was about a 20 minute walk to the West End theaters, and the Russell Square station of the underground was only a block away (but it was closed when we stayed there because of the terrorist bombings). Overall, a nice place and good location.	
Jul 11 2005	Excellent Hotel	For London this is a very nice Hotel, I go to London a lot on business and most Hotels, even big chains are horrible, this used to be a Trust House Forte Posthouse, its now a Holiday Inn and had a total refurb, it wasnt that bad before, compared with others. I use it all the time and would take my family there. Its in Bloomsbury which is a safe area, by British Museum. It has underground car park. Its just around the corner from Russell Square Underground station on the Piccadily line and 15 minutes walk from Euston Mainline station.	
Jun 28 2005	A Terrible Stay in a Good Location	This was one of the most infuriating hotel experiences I have ever had. The hotel lobby looks nice, but not nearly nice enough to make up for everything else the hotel lacks. Our room was small and located above what seemed to be London's Noisiest Street. My sleep was disrupted (and I am a deep sleeper) almost every night because of the voices, cars, and loading trucks coming from outside. Housekeeping did the bare minimum, not even bothering to supply us with additional bathroom tissue when we were almost through our last roll (afterwards that's when the kleenex came in handy). The worst part of all was that we asked for a wake-up call for 6am and they failed to give us one, causing us to nearly miss our flight to Barcelona that morning. The hotel staff had little reaction to this error on their part and they were far from apologetic. Despite its good location, I would never consider staying at this hotel again.	
Jun 23 2005	A great hotel!	The Holiday Inn Bloomsbury was a fantastic hotel. It was clean, located close to the Russell Square Tube station (on the same line as Heathrow airport) and it was close to many major attractions. The staff were friendly and helpful. There is also a great pub called &quot;Goose&quot; across the street. The food and drinks were cheap (about 3 pounds for a burger, fries, and a beer). I would recommend this hotel to anyone!	
Jun 2 2005	Was all we were looking for - Clean nice-size room 	If you are an experienced European traveler, you will enjoy your stay at the Holiday Inn Bloomsbury. The British Museum, British Library, and Dickens House are within walking distance. The Camden Market is a short bus ride away. Russell Square (a lovely small park) and The Russell Square Underground station are a block away. It is a very short tube ride to the Holborn stop, from which you can get anywhere in the city quickly. Southhampton Row has plenty of restaurants and pubs (look down the alleys and sidestreets too). The rooms are large for England standards, a fine size for American standards for 2 people. In our room there was shampoo, hand lotion, soap, hairdryer and trouser press provided. There was also a notice in the bathroom with a list of small toiletry items they will provide at your request. If they ask if you want to upgrade - just say no. They didn't pressure me at all when I did. We had an inside room so noise wasn't a problem, and we weren't there for business so internet wasn't a problem either. They held our bags for us after we checked out so we could do additional sight seeing. Really, I can't ask for much more for the price (around $120/night - booked through Hotwire)	
May 27 2005 	Awful. Nasty. A rip-off.	First the good news. The rooms are clean. The rest is just horrible.When you first show up, if you are early, they say that all the rooms are full and you will have to wait unless you want to upgrade for &quot;only an additional 50 pounds a night.&quot; Then when you beg they put you on right on a room right on the street so noisy so you cannot hear yourself think. (For 230 pounds a night!) Then when you go back and complain nicely, another room mysteriously appears. Pretty good for a hotel that is &quot;full&quot;, eh?This happened to me, and also to someone else while I was waiting in line (a frequent occurence there) the next day. A different clerk used the same language to up the price 'only 50 pounds a night' so this is likely a practiced deception and institutional policy.I say different clerk because most of the clerks changed from day to day, even within the same shift. I can only assume because this is such an awful place to work, they cannot keep anyone. Virtually no one working there is British (most are from other European nations, with an African or two, and all the cleaning staff is East European) so I suspect they also have trouble paying enough.The rooms are just large enough that you can navigate without turning sideways. I am very serious. They are very clean and attractive in an institutionally modern way, but puny, and for the price absolutely outrageously expensive.Internet access was a huge hassle and overpriced. The staff does not know how it works and is likely to give you misleading information that will cost you a ton. There is an internet shop two blocks away that is 1/4 the price, open until 11 pm. Very friendly.Some of the front desk people are unbelievably surly and nasty. One actually screamed at me &quot;What are YOU doing there!&quot; when I plugged into the the electric plug at their &quot;Internet desk&quot; to use the overpriced wireless connection. This is how they treat a guest paying dearly for their hostelry. (Hostile-ry?) You get the sense this hotel exists only to grind every last penny of profit out of every unfortunate guest and employee. There are no amenities in the room: even shampoo is not put in. Chocolates? Forget it? Trouser press? Nope. How about this: an iron that emits steam? Sorry, what do you want for 210 pounds a night? Bring an iron with you: or just walk around wrinkled with a sign that says, &quot;I stay at the Bloomsbury Holiday Inn.'The best thing about the neighborhood is that you can get out of it. There is nowhere you would want to eat or shop. Ask someone at the restaurant to recommend a local place for dinner and they cannot. &quot;Mostly places for breakfast and sandwich shops.&quot; It is not dirty or dangerous: just boring. There is a tube stop nearby but it is not a transfer point so it is not the most convenient, a small hassle.I did not try the restaurant, a pseudo-pub. It was full of cigarette smoke and that usually wafted out into the lobby. Tough to imagine one would find quality of value there, based on the hotel.This place just reeks of bad energy. It is one of the worst hotel ripoffs I have ever seen. Do yourself a favor: stay away. Spend that amount of money in a real hotel that exists for a reason other than separating money from everyone who has the misfortune of crossing its threshold. I am so sorry I stayed at this place.	
May 10 2005	Great room for the price	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for a week. We got a fantastic deal on Hotwire ($107 per night) and then paid $200 (for the whole week) to upgrade to an executive room. The room and the bathroom were spacious and clean. The staff were helpful and nice. The location is fantastic--about a minute's walk (if that) from the tube. It's in an area with many other hotels.	
May 2 2005	Tiny rooms	A very basic hotel. We booked a family room but had to climb over each other to get into bed. It was impossible to bath a child in the bathroom without getting knocked into the door or toilet. I have never had such a tiny room and bathroom. There must be better family rooms in London for £100. Staff were very surly and unfriendly you were made to feel as you were a hinderance to them. I would say avoid this place.	
Apr 26 2005 	Forget this hotel if you're doing business	I've traveled a lot and admit I am not a fan of Holiday Inns, but was told that the ones in the UK were different. I stayed here on business for 10 days and it was miserable.They are not set up for business. For example, to access the internet, you have to do so from the lobby, which is aggravated by a hefty fee for the privilege - inconvenient and irritating. There are brochures in the rooms boasting a &quot;yes I can spirit,&quot; however, given the lack of service, this was offensive. The smallest of requests took an average of a 10 minute conversation while the staff did everything they could to avoid assistance. It seems to be company policy to avoid giving service above and beyond checking people in and out. If you are used to staying in a business hotel, take a wide pass here. I will further qualify this statement by saying I lived in London for 10 years and my experience was not due to my lack of understanding of British custom. Although it is centrally located and clean, I would not stay here on vacation either.	
Mar 9 2005	Good deal for the price paid ($75.00)	Spent this past weekend there at $75 per night thanks to Priceline and BFT. I found this hotel better than several of the &quot;4 stars&quot; I have stayed in in Paris. Reasonably sized rooms, decent furniture, nice bathrooms (although no great toiletries - but I can skip those when you consider the price of a 4 star!). There is a supermarket right across the street from the tube station, both of which are only about 200 meters from the hotel. Didn't try the hotel food. The only fallbacks were: The elevator only seemed to work when you pressed the UP button, housekeeping staff spoke no English and no one seemed to know how to work the individual temperature controls in the room. None of these bothered me enough to mention to the reception desk and I would go back in a split second! This is not luxury by any means but better than average (by European Priceline standards) for the price paid.	
Jan 18 2005	Great stay	just returned from london and stayed at this hotel for 4 nites..got a great rate from priceline..on picadilly tube line across from russel square tube..easy, easy to get to...many pubs in are but be sure to eat b4 9pm on most days and 7pm on sundays as they stop serving food and only serve beer !!!!!!	
Nov 8 2004	great location	My husband and I stayed here for 6 nights on an AA package and couldn't have been more pleased. Great buffet breakfast included, location superb..a pub, safeway, several restaurants, tube station all a block away. Our room was small..remember this is London, but was clean and had a desk, chair, TV, and a wonderful fully tiled bathroom with shower. Always had new towels and plenty of hot water. Our room was quiet and we will stay there again. Not much personality, but you couldn't beat the value.	
Oct 25 2004	Not great value	If you don't stay in hotels frequently you'll probably love this hotel. It's just two steps away from the tube station, is clean and tidy and the staff try their best to be helpful. However, the rooms are tiny, showing more signs of wear than a £100+ a night hotel should and there is a severe lack of information on hotel services and the area in the rooms which means it takes quite a while to orientate yourself. I could have got a more spacious and comfortable bed &amp; breakfast for less. Frankly, I remain appalled that any hotel still charges for high-speed internet access. Trust me guys, it's a big differentiator for the business traveller in choosing hotels.	
Sep 26 2004	Booming nights in Bloomsbury	The location of this hotel is great. My room was clean. The Tube station is only a minute away from the lobby. However, the bathroom was too small.If you book into this hotel, do NOT get a room on the side of the hotel where the docking station with its waste containers are kept. Every morning, starting as early as 4:30 am, horrific noise was heard from our room. It sounded like metal scraping across the floor and heavy metalic objects being dumped on to the street. This lasted off and on until 8:00 am - every morning. I have never been so exhausted in my life. I kept thinking of how nice it would be to get home and enjoy an uninterupted nights' sleep! When I tried to change my room I was told the upgrade would cost me an additional 25 to 40 British Pounds.	
Jul 30 2004	Wouldn't do this again!	I was with a tour group that stayed here for three nights in July 2004. We had booked rooms with two twin beds. When we arrived the hotel was overbooked and several of us got to our rooms to find only one double bed. When we complained, they promised to bring up rollaways. We went out for the evening and when we got back after 11 pm there was still no rollaway in our room. I called down to the desk again and was told &quot;Sorry, we've run out of rollaways,&quot; as if this was the end of it. I told them we were two unrelated adults and we were not going to share a double bed. After much dithering, they finally found a rollaway and brought it up about 12:30 am. They apologized profusely and promised to move us to an &quot;executive&quot; room for the next two nights. We flipped a coin and my roommate spent a horrible night on a narrow, saggy rollaway. The next day, after more apologizing and dithering and delays, they moved several of us to new rooms. We didn't get the promised executive room but at least we got two beds. Others in our group got the executive room, but still with only one bed (at least it was a king).The rooms were small but adequate, but the management is chaotic and totally unreliable and better at making meaningless apologies than at fixing problems (or preventing them in the first place). I'll recommend to you the same thing our group told the tour company: there HAS to be a better option than this place!	
Jul 26 2004	Holiday Inn Bloomsbury on Coram Street	I was dying to stay at a B&amp;B in London but my husband insisted on an American style hotel so we stayed at the Holiday Inn and I am so glad we did. Five years ago on a trip to London we stayed at a horrible noisy, cramped, grimey place in Westminister and it cost a fortune. This summer we got a really good price at the boring old Holiday Inn but it was really clean and spacious. The staff was very helpful and breakfast in the restaurant was good. It was not in a really swinging part of town but it was not far from the tube which would take us anywhere. Next time we go to London I would definately stay at a Holiday Inn and I am normally not a fan of Holiday Inns.	
Jul 26 2004	Good Rooms but Tiny Towels Dirty	Relatively Good hotel location however there is way too much smoke in the lobby for it to be a good thing. The towels in the room are dirty and you can tell a lot about a place by its dirty towels. Otherwise, a good basic hotel. Got a room here for 40 GBP per night so was an OK deal.	
Jul 17 2004	lovely honeymoon		
Jul 15 2004	Surprisingly good hotel		
Mar 15 2004	Awful Awful Awful		
Feb 24 2004	Nice Hotel for the Price		
Feb 12 2004 	I agree this hotel is the pitts!		
Jan 7 2004	A mediocre hotel		
Nov 12 2003	comfortable hotel		
Jun 10 2003	Terrible hotel!		
Jun 2 2003	Great Location horrible hotel		
May 15 2002	Holiday Inn Bloomsbury Experiences		
Sep 25 2009 	gradevole e comodo		
Jul 16 2009 	Muy buena ubicacion		
Jun 9 2009 	??????????		
Apr 30 2009 	Bien situé et confortable		
Apr 8 2009 	Emplacement idéal mais prestations standardisées		
Apr 8 2009 	Très bon emplacement proche du metro et des commerces de proximités		
Apr 2 2009 	ottima rapporto qualità prezzo”		
Mar 26 2009 	Troppo poco per un 4 stelle		
Jan 9 2009 	ottima rapporto qualità prezzo		
Apr 24 2008	hotel très bien placé et calme		
Jun 30 2007 	Senza lode né infamia..		
