	5 star staff	After travelling for 13 hours from a trip abroad i decided to stay in London for the night. I looked online for a hotel near Angel station and this one was the nicest one i could see in my price range. I arrived at the hotel at 10:15 am with the intention of just dropping off my case as i was well before check in time. After mentioning to the staff that i have just been on an 13 hour flight they found me a room and let me check in so i could get some rest and freshen up. I felt they went that bit extra which made my day. The room was lovely, very spacious and clean. It had everything i need and was very comfortable at a very reasonable price.	
Nov 24 2009 	Great location average hotel	I chose to stay at Jury's hotel in Islington because of the location. The hotel is very close to the tube station &amp; there are lots of great resturants/shops etc located nearby in Upper Street.This was the first time I have stayed in a Jury's hotel. I thought it was a little basic, similar to what you would expect in a travel lodge, however I would most definetly stay again. I paid £370 for 3 nights 2 people B&amp;B through travelrepublic.com.Reception staff were very good &amp; check in very swift. Our room was available on arrival at 10am - a big thumbs up! The room was clean, but the bathroom a little shabby. The shower, as mentioned in a previous review, isn't great, but does the job for a short term. Ladies beware - the hairdryer does not do the job at all - its next to useless! Make sure you bring your own. I did ask at reception if they had a handheld one, but unfortunately not! The bed was a little hard, but i think complaining about it is being a little pedantic!There was a good choice at breakfast time, however we found the food to be quite bland. There was a delay in food being replenished, which was a little bit of an iritant.I would definetly recommend this hotel, as long as the price is right &amp; your expectations aren't too high!!	
Nov 17 2009 	Good for groups ideal for stag/hen or friends	Date of stay November 13th-15th 2009There were around 20 of us staying at the Jury's on this particular weekend. Certainly the hotel is ideally placed 200 yards from the Angel tube on the Northern Line just one station along from King's Cross.Check in on Friday around 5pm proved smooth, decent sized room, flat screen Samsung TV set, toiletries for use in the bathroom were of good quality (shower gel, conditioner) In our room, a double and a single, and in other friend's rooms this was repeated so Jury's are certainly geared up for the party booking trade.Relatively quiet environment too, as our room faced the back courtyard.Facilities on site seemed reasonably, had to laugh at the vending machine which dispensed essentials such as razors, playing cards, toothpaste, toothbrushes! Breakfast at the weekend is a leisurely affair, serving until 11am (certainly very much appreciated on a stag weekend!) as was the 12.00noon check out time, thumbs up to Jury's for this. The self service Breakfast room was slightly crowded around the peak time. Foods on offer were excellent, with a great selection of continental and traditional cooked foods, breads, cereals. However, some of the foodstuffs did run out and took a few minutes to be replenished by the staff during the very busy periods which resulted in a couple of queues. Plus be warned, the normal tea bags are already placed in the pots, so don't do what I did and hunt round where the selection of around 12 other flavoured teas were!Staff were generally friendly, certainly very efficient. For our booking, the room cost £190 for two nights, certainly very affordably if 3 are sharing.I would visit this hotel again.	
Nov 11 2009 	Disappointed	Having prevouisly stay at Jurys in Watford and Liverpool, I was looking forward to staying at the Islington hotel on business. However I couldn't have been more wrong, from the outside the hotel looked grand and welcoming along with the reception. Howver once i enter my room, i felt like i have entered a hotel room back in the 60's. The room certainly was not what i am use to with the Jurys brand. Firstly I was a young women travelling alone and they located me a room on the first floor, which is not the normal policy for the hotel. Secondly the beds had no sheets on them, the bathroom sink was dirty and had a cracked in and the bathroom was shabby and old. Finally the gap under the door was concerning. I could see peoples feet outside my door and could put my hands under the door on top of one another 4 times. Being a young lone women i found the gap under the door concerning. I was told at receptoion that there was no more rooms on either nights i was staying and haad to make do with the room i had. Also i was told that the bed was made up to hotel standards which i know was incorrect. The staff at the hotel was adverage until they found out while i was staying at the hotel they could not be more helpfull however i still had t make do with the room.	
Nov 9 2009 	Shabby but cheap in London terms	I stayed here for three nights last month. The room I got was small and shabby. Although I only paid 79GBP per night , I felt the overall standard of the room to be less than that of a travelinn, or even an Ibis. I had a mail from the manager saying they were planning a refurb, but I still thing the whole experience was a bit poor. I was awakened at 6am by the receptionist asking if I had ordered a taxi. I can only guess whether he phoned every room in the hotel asking the same question.I would be reluctant to stay there again, but would try the Hilton at Angel, or travelinn Euston instead.	
Oct 26 2009 	Overall hotel was good but 'seriously' lacking in room security.	The location was good for sightseeing and shopping. The rooms were nicely sized and clean. The breakfast was generous with a wide variety of hot and cold choices to suit all tastes and very fresh. These are the best reasons to stay at this hotel but the main reason for not returning would be the 'serious' lack of room security that we experienced the day we checked out. This was sadly disappointing as it spoiled our stay at the hotel and our overall visit to London and would not encourage me to return in future.	
Oct 26 2009 	Excellent vaue for money	I was sceptical of this hotel at first as the reviews on this hotel made me think that the Jurys Inn Islington was an average hotel. However I was not disappointed. Lets get the minor negatives out of the way first:• You don’t get biscuits in your room• You don’t get an iron in your room as standard (you have to request one from reception)• The Mira showers lacked any serious power• The decor of the bathrooms and the corridors were very green &amp; basic but very cleanThe positives:• The hotel was very close to Angel Tube station on the Northern line• There were plenty of shops , restaurants &amp; bars including a Weatherspoon's in case you wanted to eat out• The rooms themselves were of a very high standard in terms of size, decor &amp; cleanliness• Each room had Samsung LCD TV’s with all the freeview channels on• The bar had Sky sports• The food standards in the bar &amp; restaurant were excellent &amp; all respectably priced. Although my employers picked up the tab for my 5 day stay, no matter how hard I tried, I could not exceed £25 on my evening meal bill despite having a 3 course meal &amp; two drinks• Breakfast was £8.50 per head buffet &amp; they did a good range of English hot &amp; cold food• Hotel check-in and check-out is lightening fastIf I ever visit London again I would certainly consider bringing my family here as this hotel provides great value for money without feeling you have compromised.	
Oct 21 2009 	Very comfortable	Having stayed here briefly last month, I booked for four days through Lastminute. I have nothing but praise. As promised, we now get many Freeview channels and there is SkySports in the bar. There is a large comfortable lounge if you need more space. I slept as well as I ever do and the hotel was always clean and fully functioning. Good water pressure and a very acceptable breakfast buffet as part of the lastminute deal. I will definitely be booking in here for my next visits to London. If you like good thin-crust pizza, find Pizzeria Oregano down a lane off Upper Street.	
Sep 24 2009 	Meets the brief for a business trip	Welcome was friendly and a request for a quiet room granted (I got one at the back as opposed to the front which was over the road - although the double glazing would probably have coped.The room was standard business class, broadband available at a small fee, spacious and comfortable. The bathroom needed updating however. It took a wet towel and a lot of effort to turn the shower on (maybe a strong armed bloke may not have struggled as much as I did!). There was a strange doorstop (aka trip-hazard) in the middle of the floor but I managed to avoid it!The hotel has a restaurant and bar but no room service which is a pity as I would have used it. The breakfast buffet at £8.50 is reasonably priced for London and seemed to offer a comprehensive range of breakfast fare. All in all, the hotel is good value for money, particularly considering the central (ish) location not far from Kings Cross.	
Sep 22 2009 	Good for the money.	I stayed in this hotel with my boyfriend on a siteseeing trip to london. I know the area of islington very well, and this was the cheapest hotel availible. It was £90pn B and B on laterooms.com. In terms of value for money, the room was very clean and tidy and the breakfast was a fantastic hot buffet affair. The Reception supervisor when we checked in was very helpful - we requested to pay for the room up front in cash because I didnt want to be walking around with all that money in my purse - this was not a problem. They also had a secure luggage room for us to put our bags in until we checked in.My only quip was when we were checking out and the Trainee Receptionist was dealing with us. I presented my receipt from check in and was told that we were on a £95pn deal and we owed another £10. Having only budgeted a certain amount for travelling home - I was horribly embaressed. I asked for my room key back and went upstairs to bin hoke for my confirmation letter which I had thrown out thinking that i didnt need it. After all the hassle, when I came back down to the lobby she told me everything was okay. I just think it was a situation that could have been avoided, it made her look incompetent and me look cheap. As a receptionist in a hotel myself, I know the importance of having staff on the desk who know what they are doing, personally I think check outs should be supervised.All in all though, fab hotel with Angel and Kings Cross tube station nearby. I would stay there again.	
Sep 20 2009 	Adequate for our needs	This hotel is nestled away in Islington not more than 5 minutes away from the Tube station Angel. Our visit was short and sweet with us staying 2 nights at this hotel. Our room was adequate for our needs, but it didn't blow us away. It was a rather dull room when the lights went on, not representative of the photos posted on Trip Advisor which are very bright.We stayed on the 2nd floor of this building - which in itself is of no consequence, but we did detect on every time we exited onto this floor the strong smell of TCP/ disinfectant. This smell didn't continue into our room, but we always wondered where this odour came from.Although the hotel says it comes with Satellite TV beware as this consists of less channels than you would get on a normal free-view box! - 5 terrestrial channels, Sky 1, BBC News and TMF (music channel) - not exactly what I was expecting.The bed was pretty good and the sheets nice and soft, unlike some hotels where they can be like cardboard.We were pleasantly surprised to find that our room had a large bathroom, which is rare for a centrally located London hotel. The rooms are also serviced with Wireless internet, but it's not free. ~£5 per day to use these facilities - which isn't all that good when there are many hundreds of free wireless hotspots about the city.Breakfast was a bit of a joke for us, when we got downstairs on morning 1 we decided to go with the continental breakfast, rather than upgrade to the cooked breakfast for a further £2.50. There was plenty of cereal to be had, but the pastry counter was a bit bereft of any savoury goods. There were some mini croissants, but no danishs or other goodies to be had. Morning 2 we decided to go elsewhere for breakfast.All in all this hotel was perfectly functional for us to get to and for us to tour the city. Its convenience to the tube sold it to us when we booked this trip ages ago. Its only downfall in our eyes was the breakfast for us, but in itself it is not a deal breaker as there are plenty of eateries open very close to the Angel tube stop.	
Sep 19 2009 	Nice hotel great hotel no parking	Needed to go to London of a business trip. HQ booked us this hotel. It's not easy to find if you are driving and do avoid trying to get there around 5pm. We took 1 1/2 hrs to drive 6 miles. Hotel has no parking, so you have only 3 temporary spaces to drop off cases and then drive 1/2 mile to a pay car park which will cost me £18 a night. You then walk back to the hotel. If it was rainign and you had a nice suit..... The hotel however is fine. Large clean spacious rooms and quiet location. Air Con means you don't roast to death like some travel lodges as the windows only open 3 cms. Conveniently situated near Angel tube station if you want to go into the city for the evening. The breakfast was superb! Every food imaginable from fruit to fry up. Could have stayed all morning just to eat.... I would stay there again.	
Sep 11 2009 	excellent all the way	what can i say to describe jurys only excellent ..rooms are grand and very clean ..i was actually amazed at the breakfast it was so fresh and convienent lovely bacon best i ever had ... wee lady in centre of breakfast dock not very chatty but mybe i got her on a bad day all other staff so friendly .... this is so handy for the o2 islington as my daughter went to see paramore ... we ate 2 nights in jurys bar food again faultless thank you staff ..my only little thing to say to manager /laundry ...and its not a very bad complaint is the towels let the lovely rooms down they are greyish and not hotel fluffy standard mybe a litttle softner /whitner can be advised to laundry .... all in all we will be back as it is so handy for the tube into london thank you all xxx	
Sep 2 2009 	Clean safe and friendly!	Stayed here with my young daughter and it's a new building, if not a little soulless, it's clean and the staff were (nearly) all very helpful. Adequate sized rooms with A/C. Buffet breakfast was very good. It turned out my FULL breakfast was only a &quot;Continental&quot; affair so be careful, although I was told it's only £2.50 to upgrade. Very handy for The Angel tube station and a safe area. Recommended.	
Sep 2 2009 	Excellent location for Sadlers Wells and night in town	The room was comfortable and of reasonable size. Bathroom was dated, but clean. The water didn't run away down the sink too well, but we reported this when leaving. Good choice at breakfast and waitress was happy to get the kitchen to make porridge for my husband. Excellent location for staying in London after going to Sadlers Wells Theatre.	
Sep 1 2009 	Sad insitutional and smelly	Outside appearance- modern city hotel. Once past reception, the decor is 1970's insitutional and the smell of disinfectant, permeating the corridors and and our room, reminds one of a Salvation Army hostel in Stepney. Stained carpets, dirty towels and noise of slamming doors for most of the night only add to this impression.Accepting that London hotesls are always expensive, this is still poor value even for our capital city.	
Aug 24 2009 	Tired and Dated	Spent one night here and was really disappointed with the room. Not up to other Jury Inn standards with faulty fixtures and fittings. Had to be moved to another room because the whb plug wouldn't budge from the closed position (reception opened it using brute force and suggesetd, as I was just staying for one night, we should just not close it).She did, however, agree to move us when I explained I considered that solution to be unacceptable.Car parking a good 5 minutes away and very costly - £30 overnight stay!Good location and close to trendy Islington but I would wait for the promised re-fit before using the hotel!	
Aug 18 2009 	very good hotel 2nd visit	stayed here in feb for a theatre trip ,and again in august for 2 nights,great location good for travel on the underground and a nice clean hotel, lovely bathrooms soft white towels changed daily,shampoo and shower gels in good supply,tea and coffee supplied,ice making machines in corridors ,air conditioning kept the rooms lovely and cool. will be going back for 3rd visit .have stayed in hotels that charge more and are no where near as good as this one.	
Aug 15 2009 	Great location and service	The hotel is greatly located. Islington is a lively area of London. Lot's of restaurants, bars and nice shops. It is trendy and artsy, no snob feeling around the neighborhood.We took the subway from Heathrow all the way to the Angel Station (2 blocks from the hotel).The room was nicely decorated and very clean. The service excellent. The front desk staff gave us great tips about buses, restaurants and things to do (our two favorite places to eat: Origano Italian restaurant - great pizza and pastas - the real deal and Le Mercury a super affordable great French restaurant) There is a bus stop across the street from the hotel so it is very convenient if you want to hop on one of the many buses that go around the townThere is no cable tv in the room but who goes to London to watch tv?Breakfast buffet at the hotel was very good.We recommend if you are going with friends, partner and kids	
Jul 31 2009 	Excellent location. VERY attentive service	We stayed here for the weekend and found the place perfect for our needs. The front staff is very helpful and the room suited us well. I had emailed ahead of time requesting a quiet room and got one overlooking the center parking/utility lot that was incredibly quiet. The room had a double and single bed which was spacious enough for the three of us. The place was spotless. Breakfast was a bit chaotic but included a good selection of food (cereal, yougurt, fresh fruit, cheese, bread, eggs, meats, beans, tomatoes, etc). Our rate included the full breakfast for the three of us for 90 pounds per night. Half of our party was arriving via Eurostar and we all went to Paris the same way at the end of the weekend so the location was great. The hotel is closer to the Angel stop, which does often require transfers to get where you may wish to go, but since it's only a few blocks away, in a very safe neighborhood, it was fine. The Kings Cross/Pancras stop is a longer walk but still convenient. (If you are arriving with luggage though, definitely transfer to get to Angel so you walk less with your baggage!)I would definitely stay there again on a future trip to London. This property offers a lot for the money.	
Jul 27 2009 	Good hotel - quite pleased!	Stayed here for 2 nights last weekend.Location was great for us - right near Angel Tube - lots of places to eat and drink near here too!We booked through Last Minute and got it as one of the mystery hotels - £138 for 2 nights. The room was good size. It was clean as was the bathroom but could possibly do with a bit of a revamp. Only complaint was not enough pillows and we had to ask for the kettle to be replaced, which the front desk organised for us.When we came to check in, it was very early (about 8.30am) - we just really wanted to leave our baggage but they had a room available so we were able to check in there and then which was fantastic for us! Front desk were brilliant.Can't complain at all really - I'd consider staying again!	
Jul 23 2009 	Good basic and clean room in a fantastic location	I stayed at Jury's Inn Islington as part of a Trafalgar tour, one night at the beginning of our tour and a second night at the end of our tour, so we experienced two different rooms. The lobby is very nice; the rooms are typical for the UK, on the small side with rather stiff beds, but very clean. The walls are thin, as were all the walls of all the hotels we stayed in throughout the UK, and our window in the first room wouldn't close properly so we had street noise from the pub below into the early hours. The regular continental breakfast wasn't the best we had either. But other then these minor occurrences, we were satisfied with the hotel.The pub located in the hotel is very good, the food was reasonably priced. For all of you first timers to the UK, if you want food or drinks in a pub, you need to order at the bar. There is usually a number on your table and you'll want to let the bartender know this number so the food can be brought to your table.The best part of this hotel is the location. The Angel underground station is two blocks away, if you are leaving the hotel, turn left and go down two blocks to the light, you'll see Angel station on your left. There was an Assistance Desk with a clerk at the tube to assist us with buying tickets. The neighborhood of Islington has so much to offer, just a few blocks away you'll find every type of restaurant imaginable, Asian cuisines, vegetarian, Italian, Mexican, sandwiches, etc. There are several pubs within walking distance as well, all down Angel Street.One thing I would recommend to the manager, although the hotel has WiFi internet access available to those with their own laptops, there was no central computer that visitors could use. Most other hotels we stayed at had one and I found them very convenient.Overall, the hotel met our needs and we would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 20 2009 	Jury's Islington Good But...	Visited Jury's Islington June 2009, had two teens with us, they were kind enough to accomodate with a foldaway bed, quickly, effeciently and at no cost, good job. Location:-Good location very handy for St Pancras (Eurostar) and Euston and or Kings Cross all walking distance 15 minutes to Euston/Kings Cross, taxi from St Pancras 10 GBP. To get into Central London get a taxi or if you have time use the Tube from Angel (Northern Line) not much use, better yet go to Kings Cross Tube and access central London tubes.Hotel:-Clean, Newish, nice lobby, no parking at front only short stay loading. Reception were quick and effecient and helpful as needed.Room: Small , two double beds, good bathroom, plenty of towels when requested, TV in room is poor and they should by now have upgraded to a flat screen, furniture OK. Enough room for four 4 persons in room.Restaurant:Breakfast was good value, full English for 8.50 GBP, perhaps a little steep and I would recommend getting good value for that price (load up), numerous local pubs/cafes do full English for 6 GBP or less, shop around don't just stumble into the restaurant, which was kept clean throughout the staff do a good job keeping everything clean and tidying up after guests.Overall good stay, useful for business visitors, downside often stacked with Tour parties who overrun the restaurant for breakfast, though this didn't happen during our stay.	
Jul 6 2009 	Good hotel	Stayed here for work - easy to find off the tube station - room large and clean - breakfast good - lots of choice - bar in hotel pleasant.	
Jul 6 2009 	50 th birthday trip	my husband and i stayed there 2 wks ago FOR 2 NIGHTS.i was very dissappointed on the size of the roomsmy husband had to step into the shower, to close the bathroom door, to get to the toilet which was situtated behind the door.we booked through expedia and we had no breakfast ,but i felt the room was a BOX.it wasnt a special offer.	
Jul 1 2009 	Bargain!	I was at this hotel for one night a few days ago. Got a deal of £90 including breakfast for 2 people) Could not believe that we could have got a bargain for such a central hotel. Rooms were spotless, although could do witha bit of a revamp. That said I will definately be back to this hotel in 6 weeks on my return home. Staff first class by the way!!!	
Jun 25 2009 	Perfect location and friendly staff	We stayed in the Jurys Inn Islington hotel due to the marriage of a friend of mine. The location is perfect (at least for us). Its not far of the city centre, but more important: the area around the hotel is a very nice one. Restaurants and bars are located a few minutes walk from the hotel. The breakfast suits well for a busy day. We had the English breakfast and this hotel knows whats part of an english breakfast.Last but not least: the staff of this hotel was very friendly and helpful.	
Jun 12 2009 	Pretty Good!	The Jury's Inn was the first stay of our trip around Europe. Pretty good stay!It was a package deal that came along with some Arsenal Match day tickets. Very good location and close to Angel station. Only advice is some people say walk from Kings Cross Station, DONT! Particulary if you have just had a long flight! Much better to head to Angel.Rooms quite comfy, no problems here!From listening around most packages come with a Continental package instead of breakfast. Staff will not tell you how much it is to upgrade to buffet, you do need to ask them (because its cheap to do so) and very worth it! Nice Brekky!Only downer is that we wanted to stay all of our time in London at Jury's but the cost just got too much. But all-round pretty good!	
Jun 11 2009 	Great stay!	Stayed at Jurys Inn last week and I must say that it exceeded our expectations in terms of what our perception of what 3 star budget hotels are about. although rooms are dated we found our one to be spacious, clean , well maintained and quiet - bearing in mind we were in a busy part of london. Plenty of restaurants and bars in the area so we ate out two nights and had dinner in the Hotel one night. Took buses from Angel Tube stop nearby that took us in to Picadilly and Oxford Street within about 25 minutes. Would definately stay here on our next visit!	
Jun 10 2009 	Very good for what we needed and paid for	The two major things we were looking for were good location and comfortable and safe place to sleep and leave our belongings. The location was excellent, as it's very close to the Angel tube stop and about a 15 minute walk to Kings Cross. There was an internet cafe right down the street that we used frequently and a Sainsbury (large grocery store) and many restaurants/shops nearby. The room was fine, nothing spectacular, but clean and comfortable. Apparently all the rooms have a couch/day bed type thing, which was nice so we'd have somewhere to sit besides the bed while watching TV or reading or such. The furniture is a bit dated, but for what we paid, I was pleased. The room was pretty spacious (lots of room to put your belongings with shelving and such), though I don't know if 3 adults or 2 adults and 2 kids could share it comfortably, as the website advertises it. Overall the room was clean (bed, furniture, carpet, bathroom). The only thing that wasn't were the glasses and coffee cups provided, but we used the styrofoam cups provided next to the ice machine. The ice machine on our floor broke on the first day there, and we told the hotel staff about it but it wasn't fixed before we left (we stayed 6 nights), which was inconvenient. There are no in-room safes, but there are safes in the lobby for guest use (accessible 24 hours with your own key the hotel gives you). We never tried the restaurants, as we were only there to sleep and shower. The staff was friendly. Overall, I'd say it's about on par with a La Quinta or Ramada Inn. Again, for what we paid and what we wanted in a hotel, I was very pleased.	
May 19 2009 	Watch out for coach parties!	HiStayed here on Sunday 17th and Monday 18th May.I have used Jurys Inns quite frequently before (particularly in Newcastle) and I have generally been impressed.This was my first and last time in this particular hotel. Positives:Friendly staffReasonable location (less than 10 minutes from nice bars / restaurants)Decent sized roomsNegatives:Dowdy barThin walls between rooms, leading to everything being heard from adjacent rooms if you have noisy neighbours (no worse than Travel Inn type rooms though)Main concern: During my 2 night stay there were two coachloads of foreign visitors staying, who effectively &quot;took over&quot; the restaurant at breakfast time. Appalling table manners, shouting across restaurant repeatedly and leaving food strewn over tables and spilt on the floor did not make for a pleasant and relaxing breakfast experience.In fairness, it did appear that the restaurant staff did their best to cope with the situation over the two days of my stay, but ultmately it appeared there was little that they could do.Fellow guests (who were not part of the coach parties) were openly voicing their discontent to each other, so I do not feel that I was alone with my concerns.Ultimately, I believe that the hotel needs to make a concious decision as to whether they want to attract repeat business travellers and also individual / small groups of private travellers, or whether it intends to seek revenue by accommodating large groups of rowdy, poorly behaved coach parties.My recommendation: avoid	
May 19 2009 	Great location comfy room attentive staff -- will stay again!	This was a mixed-purpose visit for us -- my husband had some business meetings to go to and my mother, brother and I used the occasion to have a mini-reunion. This hotel was perfect for us -- centrally located, reasonably priced and with very friendly staff. We had friends join us at the adjoining pub on a couple of occasions and found it to be surprisingly pleasant and cozy. The breakfast was also a surprise -- usually we go out for breakfast when we're staying in London, but we ate in almost every morning. Great selection for both the continental and hot breakfasts. Overall, this hotel had superb value for money. Would definitely recommend!The only negative critique I would have is the price for high-speed internet. We were there for 6 nights and at £10/day we chose not to use it as much as we would have liked. A weekly rate would have been appreciated.	
May 16 2009 	Nice Clean Hotel..Friendly Helpful Staff..Great Location	I was visiting family staying in London in the Islington area, so I was hopeful to find a reasonable priced hotel in that particular area. Fortunately, this hotel met my location requirements. I found it very clean with an extremely helpful staff. The management and front desk staff are top-notch. They appear to truly want you to have an enjoyable stay (which I did!). This hotel is conveniently located to the Angel tube stop. I highly recommend this establishment. While staying there, I had the opportunity to meet both managers, and was very impressed. Thanks to everyone at the Jurys Inn Islington for making my visit enjoyable!	
May 14 2009 	Disappointing	Very handy Kings Cross/ St Pancras. Room grubby looking, top bed cover wanted cleaning also carpet, or at least a good hoover. TV, tea/coffee making, bathroom OK. Had a meal in adjoining restaurant, good and reasonably priced, breakfast was quite good. Staff pleasant.Booked through Superbreak, Paid £117 for B&amp;B for two people +£17.50 p.p to upgrade to DB&amp;B, but were told our allowance was £15 p.p, usually when you pay in advance you save money, so be warned.	
May 5 2009 	Awful - needs an upgrade	I appreciate London hotels are a little more pricey, but this hotel needed a revamp. The rooms are very dated.The first room I checked into had no toilet roll and had dirty surfaces. The room looked like it hadn't been hoovered in a while. The management gave me another room - at least it was clean!Its two minutes walk from the tube. Bar even though it wasn't that busy had plates and glasses on empty tables - the whole place could have done with a good clean!! I wouldn't stop here again	
May 5 2009 	CHEAP AND NASTY	Everything about Jury's Inn in Islington is cheap and nasty the room overlooked a car-park and was really noisy, the furniture outdated.The staff are friendly and did open a bottle of wine for me and they were very friendly also and the location is very close to Angel tube station	
Apr 19 2009 	Great hotel and great location	10 of us booked this hotel for 2 nights from the 15th of April to the 17th. There was a bit of confusion when we checked in at midnight when it appeared that one of our rooms had been accidentally cancelled but this was sorted out reasonably quickly. The rooms were quite big and the double rooms all appeared to have a double bed and single bed in each room, which was surprising since we had heard that rooms in London were generally quite small. One of the rooms was a family room for 2 adults and 2 children on a separate floor and on the first night there was quite a lot of noise from football supporters that were staying on that floor. The next morning we complained about this and were moved straight away to a different floor and to a much larger room, so no complaints there. The hotel was about two minutes walk from the nearest train station, the bus stop was right around the corner and there were quite a few cafes and bars close by so the location was excellent. The hotel bar was also quite nice to sit in and grab a bite to eat. Overall we were very pleased with the hotel and would stay again. Only (small) complaint is that breakfast is a bit pricey, it wasn't included in our rate of 89 pounds per room per night, but since we were quite pleased with the price we didn't really mind that much and so we had breakfast at cafes close by instead.	
Apr 15 2009 	Its clean comfortable and in great location	I am in room 542 presently and cant complain! I have no idea what people are on about complaining. Its simply decorated in the rooms, but clean and comfy and modern. Infact, its a bargain for such comfort in London town. The front desk staff are brilliant.I wandered outside the hotel to grab some food and see what was happening and there is a bustle of high street shops, a market and some cheap eateries. One i have to mention, that i have just finished quaffing is the Tortilla, a kind of mexican Subway. Yummy and cheap burritos and half the cost.The cinema is a 5 min walk, as is the buslte of shops including Karen Milen, Gap etc.The only quarm i have, is the internet access is £10 for 24hrs. Lucky im on business and work will pay when get back. Great hotel and great location. I will come here with my partner for pleasure at some point soon.	
Apr 14 2009 	No close Parking and Decor resembled an old peoples Home!	Didnt stay for the purpose of the London sights, only for close proximity to Islington which in itself is a nice little area. Nevertheless we knew there wouldnt be any parking but was advised that parking was &quot; Nearby&quot; [HA] On arrival we 'popped' in to ask where exactly the 'nearby' parking was and was given directions 'around the block' [HA] After two wrong turnings that took us the length and breadth of Islington we eventually found an underground car park that displayed the sign &quot; Full&quot;...Great. proceeded to look for an alternative- couldnt find one, so decided to give the last one a try...success. Worn out, stressed and forlorn we had to walk all the way back to the Hotel with all our bags- ten minute walk. Not something you want to have to do after encountering a 2 hour journey and London Traffic.Reception staff not very sympathetic..if anything found our little dilemma amusing .We had spent the night previously at a Copthorne Hotel in Windsor for £56, which for the price was absolutely fantastic, including a Car park on site, and beautiful rooms etc.Which was why , when the doors of the Jurys lifts opened we couldnt believe it. Had we walked into a time warp or was the Old Peoples Home decor what they intended?I completely agree with the critique of IHearttravel79 before me that it really did resemble the coridoors of a hospital or prison!! The room was even worse!- was it decorated in 1987? it was spoilt by the fact that they had put an extra 'put me up' double bed on the floor next to our small double bed and covered it with an old primative cream blanket...it just looked awkward there on the floor .I must admit Ive stayed at better Travelodges for less money so cant understand how this hotel charges what it does considering its not even really in the centre of town.Nvertheless our breakfast was indeed excellent and made up for the previous gripes, but this was only in preparation for our painful walk back to the car.............	
Mar 31 2009 	Would not recommend	First impressions of this hotel are great. Good location near to Angel tube, the amenities of High St Islington and very near Kings X / St Pancras station (£5-6) in a cab, also the lobby area is nicely furnished with marble floors and large chandelier. Once past the lobby however, it is a different story.We stepped out of the lift onto a corridor, which I immediately said reminded be of a prison or hopsital corridoe....the carpet was old fashioned and the walls tatty and tired, the room doors were painted a nasty green colour that really didnt look good.The room was not much better, a bright red, old carpet greeted us as well as a room that was in desperate need of a make over. It was a corner room that had seen better days in terms of old, shabby decor. THe bathroom was clean, but towels seemed ilke they were years old, greying, thin and hard, as well as quite small.It was not the type of room that you'd like to go back to to 'enjoy' and relax before an evening out, i just wanted to get in and out.Had problem with the hairdryer which kept cutting out after seconds of use (overheating I assume), so had to wait ages for it to 'click' so that it could be used again, only to cut out again - called reception, who promptly brought up a plug in dryer (the one in the roomwas wired into a drawer), which once plugged in and switched on blew up and smoked in my hand I dropped it to the floor where it cntinued smoking and smelt of burnt electricals!! Great!! Staff on reception did not seem to concerned about it, however a new dryer was in the room when we returned from our day out.Overall, not great. Good location, but rooms leave a lot to be desired especially given that the price is not that cheap. Premier Inns I have used are much better for the price, more modern decor etc.	
Mar 29 2009 	Brilliant hotel - staff and room first class	My wife and I have stayed in Jurys Inn Islington in 2006 for an extra four nights after a Trafalgar tour . We could not have been happier with the room and service. In 2007 we stayed there again for two nights pre and and extra four nights post Trafalgar tour. The service had not changed and could not fault the room that we were in. We were put in a corner room on the top floor with a lovely outlook towards the London Eye. The staff were always pleasant and nothing was too much trouble. The location is great with both tube and bus almost outside the front door. We had no complaints about the breakfast of a morning and the meals in the Pub in the evening were first class. Last year unfortunately we had to stay in another hotel chain prior to tour and did not stay in London after tour and we were disappointed with the other hotel.We will be going on tour again in August next year (2010) with Trafalgar tours and will definatey be spending another week post tour at Jurys Inn Islington on a Trafalgar tours week in London. Keep up the good work and we are definately looking forward to staying in the hotel again next year.	
Mar 29 2009 	nice hotel recommend to anyone	Stayed here for one night (in a theatre package from SHOW AND STAY and could find nothing to complain about, Booked two rooms, both fine, clean and comfortable. Had drinks in bar after theatre show, prices reasonable and bar was really cosy and nice. Would recommend to anyone to stay here .	
Mar 13 2009 	Perfect value for money great 	Compared to staff in other British hotels in this price range, the staff of Jurys Inn Islington was simply great; fast, efficient, very friendly and helpful. I'd definitely stay here again.	
Mar 8 2009 	Excellent Hotel Great Location Modern and Clean!! Recommended!	We stayed at this hotel from 5th-7th March. Our visit to London was to visit the theatre and see some sights :-)We chose Jurys Inn Islington mostly due to its location. Its about a 5 minute walk from Angel tube station which is just one tube stop from Kings Cross St Pancras which was perfect. The local area was good, sainsburys near by which is good for snacks! Lots of other good shops like boots, starbucks, Macdonalds. A little shopping area is nearby. As well as a &quot;The Angel&quot; Weatherspoons pub which is good for cheap good quality food especially breakfast as the hotels is much more expensive!!All the staff at the hotel were very friendly and helpful! Check-in was quick. Our rooms werent ready when we arrived at 1pm but we were able to leave our luggage and come back later which was good. The rooms were modern with a double and single bed. Very clean with usual facilities like phone, tv, hairdryer (very basic I would take your own!!!). Beds very comfy :) Shower is greatttt!! Overall a very good hotel and I would defo recommend it! :-) We will be going back next time we visit London!	
Feb 10 2009 	Standard Jurys Fare	This is a standard Jurys Hotel. If you've stayed at a Jury's before this is similar the the rest of them.Large rooms, clean bathroom, decent air conditioning.Breakfast is help yourself buffet style, and the food always looks fresh.The bar shows sports and will show what you request if they have right the channel, prices are about what you'd expect to pay in London.Some of the rooms can be a bit noisy during the day, but it goes quiet at night.It's ideal for both business and leisure.The reason I booked it is it's location in Islington. It's not far from the tube station which is only a few stops from the City. It's also handy for Kings Cross and Euston Stations. Islington is a good part of London to stay in with plenty of places to eat and drink with some decent bars to be found.I've stayed here before many times and will no doubt stay here again in the future.	
Feb 8 2009 	Not a 4 star....	I stayed at the Jury's Islington in Feb 2009 as it was near a gig I was going to in the evening with an old school friend. We booked a twin room, and arranged to meet up with some other friends in town. First impressions were good (nice lobby and speedy check-in). However, things went downhill from then..The room had a nasty musty smell, the twin bed turned out to be a z-bed put-you-up (complete with a grim-looking pair of socks under the frame!), and there was only one set of towels...When my friend tried to check in later, he was told that I had two sets of room keys (which I didn't), so he had to leave his bag in reception.Post gig, we found out that the z bed didn't come with any bedding, so we had to wait for housekeeping to sort this out.Definately worse value for money than a premier travel inn (which are usually clean and smell-free)	
Jan 27 2009 	Will definitely go back!	Stayed with my sisters in a triple room both January this year and January last year for three nights each time. Found the hotel to be ideally located, clean, comfortable and perfect for what we wanted. This year we even checked into our room a few hours early and there was no problem. Staff were very helpful. Bar food was gorgeous although we never used the restaurant. Will definitely go back!	
Jan 24 2009 	Good hotel for good price!!	Stayed at the Jury's Inn in Islington for one night and had no problems at all....Check in staff were helpful, friendly, efficient in their jobs and good at dealing with their customers requests.Rooms were clean, spacious, tidy and well served their purpose. Breakfast was of good quality and restaurant staff were more than helpful.Business Design Centre literally 5 minute walk away so was perfectly positioned for what we needed it for.Would definately use this hotel again!!	
Jan 16 2009 	Value for money	We have stayed in this hotel twice and found it excellent value for money, expecially for a city like London( booked through superbreak both times).The staff we encontered were pleasant and efficient , the rooms are of a good size and are spotlessly clean ,the bathroom is pretty basic but does the job.There is a good choice in both the cooked and continetal Breakfast buffett ( can be slightly haphazard though as they are slow in replenishing items which they have run out off)The location is only a couple of minutes walk to Angel Tube and about ten to Kings Cross and there are plenty of bars, restaurants ,shops and cafes in close proximity	
Dec 27 2008 	Great hotel	Lovely hotel with nice rooms. It's expensive but everything in London is. The room was lovely. It wasn't a huge room but normal standards but bigger than what you would normally get in London. The staff were excellent. I was able to get into my room hours before check in which was a benefit. It's not far from Angel tube station and it's a very quiet hotel.	
Dec 7 2008 	best service with affordable price	the room was clean and the staff very friendly. Overall I would say this is probably one of the best hotel in London with the price of Pound 70.00 pernight.	
Nov 17 2008 	weekend break	booked a week-end through superbreak. The hotel was excellent the rooms were clean and comfortable.The breakfast was more than adequate with plenty of choice both continental and full english.We found the staff to be pleasant and helpful and enjoyed our stay. The hotel is well place for public transport into central london. We would certainly stay here again.	
Nov 17 2008 	Clean hotel	I stayed in Jurys fron the 14th until the 16th November. I found the rooms to be clean and the price £99 for 2 nights was good. At check inn i didnt find the female receptionint very friendly but having spoken to 3 male receptionists i found that they were very nice and professional. I had a problem with the shower and when i reported it they sorted it out straight away. The bar was clean but the staff were not very friendly or chatty and we were waiting for over 15 minutes to order food so we went elsewhere. I would recommend it for basic accomodation and if you are planning to go shopping	
Nov 17 2008	Nice Hotel shame about the poor service	Nice clean Hotel with some very friendly staff. We asked for a quiet room and got one at the back of the Hotel, albeit overlooking big piles of bin bags and the place where staff stood around to smoke.The plug in the hand basin was one of the metal ones integrated into the plug hole and annoyingly kept getting stuck solid. The Hotel handyman freed it once but then it got stuck again about five minutes after he left. We ended up having to use the bath to wash our hands!On our last day our room wasn't cleaned. We left our room to go shopping at 10.00am and said good morning to the chamber maid as we left. On our return at 4.00pm we found that the chamber maid we had greeted as we left hadn't serviced our room! I called reception to ask that our room be serviced.Reception called back to say that the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign was on our door and that was why our room wasn't serviced. After pointing out that this was NOT correct and insisting the room was cleaned we were offered another room! After persisting that our room be cleaned, a very apologetic housekeeper turned up with a cleaner to sort our room out. We decided to go the Hotel bar for a drink while our room was cleaned.The bar was empty apart from a family enjoying some fish and chips. There were empty glasses on the bar and on the tables too. No bar staff in sight. We waited and waited, popped our heads around the doors and despite three staff at reception enjoying some social chit chat with the handyman, no one seemed to want to come and serve us. We gave up and sat in reception waiting for our room to be cleaned.So if you want a clean basic Hotel with poor service go here, if you want a Hotel that makes you feel welcome go somewhere else!	
Nov 14 2008 	handy and pleasant hotel in London	Although next to a busy road this is a quiet place and requesting a room at the back is a good idea as its even quieter there ! Spacious accommodation in the double room with table and chairs too. Nice public area and good restuarant area for breakfast. Adequate continetal breakfast although my husband did not like the coffee. The &quot; pub &quot; food was not so good, rather bland and a long wait for a simple dish of fish and chips ! Walk over the road and get the 73 bus to Kings Cross or to Euston, they arrive every few minutes and drop you back at the hotel on the return journey. Handy for restaurants and for general travel in London. No free wi fi but very cheap internet cafe just up the road.	
Nov 14 2008 	What it says on the tin..	Stayed at the Jury's inn for a night in November, on business, as the normal hotel was fully booked.Front desk service was polite, excellent and efficient.In general it was exactly what was expected - normal standard 3* hotel room, basic ensuite with tea and coffee facilities. If you just want a base without any luxury frills, this is the place for you.The only complaint was the noise of the air-con system but i just used it to heat the room up and switched it off when i wanted to sleep.Ate in the attached pub at night, food was fine, typical pub fayre and not overpriced in the context of the capital.Handy for the tube station (Angel) which is just down the road and equal distance between Euston/King Cross and the City which left it perfectly placed for my requirements.All in all would recommend as a suitable trip for a short business/leisure trip for those not concerned about frills!	
Oct 31 2008 	Room overlooked by office workers!	Booked through Superbreak - I expected Jurys to be bog standard, ensuite, TV and kettle type of room, which is what i wanted. It was clean and tidy with all usual things supplied.The breakfast was a buffet style, with both continental and cooked to choose from, although had some odd arrangement with a token that was given to me for cooked breakfast which i then gave back to man who issued it to me - not sure of the point of that? Anyway food was good and plenty of it.Only real problems were that the room was cold and the air conditioning unit was complicated to work out - lots of symbols but no proper instructions on how to encourage heat rather than freezing air to blast into room. The towels were bit scratchy too and the sink had a crack - but could live with that.What really shocked me was that in morning when i opened curtains (i arrived at night - curtains already closed) was that i was directly opposite a huge glass fronted office - with people facing me looking at me! There are no net curtains in room and absolutly no privacy. Luckily i was wearing clothes!! There must be rooms at back of building but no idea what is facing them?i would return but not in the rooms at front of building.	
Oct 28 2008	Very clean and quiet hotel	Stayed here for one night and was very impressed. 2 minute walk from Angel tube station. The room we had was very quiet on the side of the hotel (overlooking an office car park) and was very clean and offered everything we needed. The beds were really comfortable, the shower was first class and the breakfast was good quality and good value for money.Overall this was a very good value hotel and I would highly recommend it.	
Oct 27 2008 	Highly Reccomended	Its a great deal in London, would go there again..	
Oct 7 2008	Great	Great hotel. Very clean. Close to Angel tube. Good Breakfast. I recommend it especially for the reasonable prices.	
Oct 5 2008 	Very Nice Hotel	You know what your going to get with a Jurys Hotel and this one is very good.The hotel was very clean, in a decent location less than 5 mins walk from Angel tube and about 10 mins walk from Kings Cross.You can get in to Central London in 10/15 mins on the tube.The rooms are good, the usual Jurys standard. The prices are usually good if you can get a deal, which is not always possible. I booked through hotelconnect.co.uk.The breakfast selection is also very good, if you book with the continental breakfast included, you can get the full hot breakfast for an additional 2.50, which is good. If you don't want to eat at the hotel, there are a lot of places locally to eat and drink.I would encourage anybody to stay here, its more than adequate for a London hotel.	
Sep 24 2008 	Excellent value if you can get a deal	We got a great deal through otel.com which was 20 pounds cheaper per night than the price on the jury's inn website. At this price it was great value for money.Large size rooms for London with a full size ensuite with bath. Continental Breakfast was included and was fine, it was very cheap to upgrade to cooked breakfast if required.Location was great, not far from Angel tube. Plenty of buses also in all directions.For the price we paid this was great value - we have paid more for much less in King's Cross. Staff were helpful and the room spotless each day.	
Sep 17 2008 	Exactly what we wanted	I travelled to London in July of this year for a girls weekend of shopping, seeing a show and doing all the touristy stuff.We got a good deal on a triple room in the Jurys and were pleased to find that it was reasonably spacious, with comfy beds and a good powerful shower - all must-haves when 3 girls are on holiday together!!The hotel is in a nice leafy area of the city and the closest tube station, Angel, is only a few minutes walk away. There is also a nice bar just next door with a roof terrace.We didn't have breakfast at the hotel as we wanted to explore the nearby cafes.The reception staff were very helpful as were the bar staff.I would recommend this hotel as it would be easy to get ripped off in London and this place strikes the balance between cost and comfort.	
Sep 15 2008 	Visiting the Capital	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in August. The hotel is in a good location 10 minutes walk from Kings Cross Station. The room was fresh, spacious, well equipped and clean. The hotel was nice and quiet. Breakfast was a buffet and the food was nice and there was plenty of it. We did not rate the ticket service at breakfast as this made it feel impersonal. We would have preferred traditional table service rather than a buffet but for the price we cannot complain!Overall we had a very pleasant stay at Jurys Inn and will be considering staying at one of their other hotels when we go on other city breaks.	
Aug 25 2008 	Fab Hotel Fab Staff Fab Location Stay Here !!!!	dear all, please dont be put off by some comments on here, i have just returned from a 2 night break at this hotel, and i have to say we were totally happy with our stay from beginnng to endwe arrived on saturday at approx 12 noon, check in was quick and efficient, i was greeted by Amit on the reception desk, now i had booked myself and my husband in for 2 nights and our friends for the 1 night, we did arrive early before checkin at 2pm, and we asked if we could have a room at this time 12pm, firstly we were told no rooms available, but then yes we could have a room at this time, which really pleased us as we were going to a matinee perfomance of dirty dancing so needed to freshen up, we were both on the 2nd floor, the rooms were lovely, spacious, clean, air con was a blessing, bedding clean and fresh, towels clean and the bed was so comfy !! the staff here are very pleasant and will do anything to help you, the location is brill just a few mins walk to angel tube, felt .safe in this locationthe only downside i would say is the cost of the breakfast £9.95 ea we normally wouldnt pay this, but hey ho its London ! think they should include breakfast like xpress hol inn but never mind what we had we really enjoyed all was cooked cant complain reallyall in all a great hotel great location and i wouldnt hesitate at all to return to jurys islington, infact its the only hotel i would stay again in London !!! well done Jurys ! :-) we will be back !Dawn Webb,Yorkshire	
Aug 21 2008 	Ok if you don't stay at the top floor.	I went to London to attend a conference at the Business Design Centre (BDC). I chose Jury's Inn Islington because it was the nearest affordable hotel. I could walk from there to the BDC in 5 to 10min and also to the Angel Tube Station in 5min. The other option was the priciest Hilton which is door to door to the BDC.When I got there late night and after a 4 hour trip (plane, heathrow express and tube) I was a little bit tired and I just wanted to go to my room. However the recepcionist didn't find my reservation and politely asked me to &quot; wait by the bar where I could eat something&quot; while they would solve the mistery of the missing reservation. First problem... But ok, it happens! After 10 minutes or so I was told that there had been a problem with my reservation but they managed to get me a room and I was sent to the top floor. I finished my quick meal at the bar and headed to my room.The room was ok and met my expectations with the exception of the old CRT TV... I don't know about you but I'm less and less used to see that kind of TVs in hotels. I noticed the air conditioning was making some noise but I could live whith that too. I watched some TV, prepared myself for the conference and then I went to bed. Lights off! Ok... Sweet dreams... Wrong! The air conditioning was turned on and it was noisy! Lights on! Get up! Air conditioning off! Go to bed! Lights off! Sweet dreams... Wrong again! The noise was still there but the air conditioning was off! This is a problem... I decided to try to sleep anyway and if I failed to achieve it in the next half an hour I would have to go to plan B: get up, get dressed , pack everything and ask for another room which probably they wouldn't have. Not a great plan... Zzzz...Next morning I found out there was a big air conditioning system just above my room (check the photos) which was responsible for all that noise! I left in a hurry after breakfast (nice!) and I thought I would ask them to move me to a different room as soon as I would get back from the conference. During the conference I met a guy from Islington chain and I told him about this. He apologized for the inconvenience. It's ok, I said! After the conference I went for a walk and arrived once again quite late at the hotel. I decided it was too late to switch rooms and as I was very tired I would probably fell asleep just like the day before. And so it was... Zzzz.... My last noisy night there!While doing the check out during next morning the recepcionist called the duty manager because someone had told him I had some problems during my stay. The nice guy at the conference had warned him/them. I told him my story and he said they were sorry about it and I was free to go because everything else had been taken care. They didn't give me the traditional invoice and as I didn't asked for it I thought they wouldn't charge me because of all that had happened. A few weeks later my credit card was charged and I had to request the invoice to justify the expense.My overall experience wasn't terrible so I guess I have to rate it as &quot;Okay, but some problems - if you stay at the top floor&quot;. I won't say I won't stay there again because as I said before the hotel is well situated and affordable and probably I was very unlucky with my room.	
Aug 16 2008 	BASIC HOTEL MAINLY FOR TOURISTS	Stayed here for one night and would agree for tourists is ideal for location and transport.Clean and basic with local bars &amp; eateries and bar inside.We had booked for a theatre break(hotel choice was not ours) but was disappointed with our location as cost £ 15 to get to theatre-didnt fancy tube late at night!Limited menu and breakfast was not great-continental was a choice of 2 roll choices or mini croissant with no slices of cheese or meats etc-worst I have had in a hotel-so if not part of package go elsewhere!!Would recommend an hotel nearer to town-both for UK and overseas visitors.	
Aug 13 2008 	Is the Jury Inn or Out?	I stayed here a few weeks on a business trip. The hotel was comfortable but not particularly memorable. Location is convenient for Angel tube on the Northern Line - and a short ride from connections to other lines at King's Cross or Bank.The front of the hotel is on a busy road, I suggest asking for a room at the back where traffic noise is minimal. Mine was bright, was not overlooked and had a view clean. However this will on your position in the U-shaped building.The room was clean, and was kept clean. Walls are not completely soundproof - loud music from a neighbour troubled me twice but in general the hotel is quiet.Room temperature was fine and there is air-conditioning. the bed was comfortable except the pillows were to skinny. The coat hangars were the annoying hotel-type so you can't easily hang a jacket or short in a steamy bathroom to get rid of creases. Why do hotels do that ? Are hangars really so expensive? - Otherwise dry cleaners wouldn't give them away.The biggest shortfall in the room is the lack of a fridge - for a long stay in future this would lead me to look elsewhere. There was a kettle, tea, coffee and UHT milk,The (wired) broadband internet in the room was GBP 10 for 24 hours - a reasonable rate if you are using it frequently for business. I was double-charged for one day - watch out for this on your bill. The connection was fast enough for streaming video. For the techies amongst you - no smtp email server address is provided so you might have to your outbound emailing using webmail.The TV was the old fashioned CRT type taking up a lot of desk space and had only a few channels. There was no radio in the room - no way to listen to the BBC except via computer if you have one.The bathroom was clean. The shower is the in-bath type - and consequently rather cramped and inconvenient. The contorl was very hard to turn off - when wet it required forceful use of two hands. There was no wash-cloth, and the towels were very thin.My key became disabled twice and I had to traipse back down to reception to get it restored. Laundry was return promptly the same day. However the room cleaner usually forgot to supply a new laundry bag and form, which meant I had to raid the cleaning carts or visit the front desk. The only cleaner that I discussed this with spoke no English.The buffet breakfast is Ok for variety - but had the worst, diluted orange juice I've tasted in a long time and was barely drinkable. Why they had to cut costs here I don't know. Free newspapers (Daily Telegraph) were available at breakfast. The dining room is rather soulless and I didn't try it for dinner or lunch. The Inn has no real ale and I didn't eat there either. Meals were not available after 10pm.On the bright side, there are good dining options nearby - the best being Rooburoo - just at the end of the side street adjoining Jury's Inn. (I made repeated visits there) There are also several pubs within 2 minutes of the hotel, and one immediately next door. There is a Sainsburys supermarket in the backstreets and plenety of other shopping and dining on or near Upper Street only 5 minutes walk to the east.	
Jul 29 2008 	Oh Dear	Well I put that we stayed here in July 2008. We did not stay here because they had &quot;overbooked&quot; and therefore made us stay elsewhere..We wanted to stay in London near Kings Cross so we could go to the theatre and then get up really early the next morning and walk down to St Pancreas (King's Cross) to get onto the Eurostar. This was the whole reason we picked this hotel..On arrival, after a nice walk (It was a rather hot day), all we wanted to do was check in, take a shower, grab some food and head off to the theatre to enjoy the evening, before our european break. However the lady looked horrified when we handed over our reservation.. She asked us to sit down on the seats and she would be right with us. The manager than came over and gave an excuse that the computer system was down, and that they had overbooked.We had booked weeks in advance, so were a little confused. Maybe because we got there around 4ish (Train was delayed into London by 2 hours) they simply decided they could check someone else in.. This was a real pain, as we were hot and bothered and wanted to get something to eat. They said that they would book us into another hotel 10 minutes away, and upgrade us to get a breakfast (which we wouldn't be able to eat anyway because of the check out). We managed to get to get them to give us a free taxi into the City and to the train station the next morning, however we were left with a £25 bill from the City to hotel after the theatre. This is rather a lot when it wasn't budgeted.The hotel that they moved us too was called the Day's Hotel, which was rather nice, however more than about 20 minutes from Kings Cross. So we needed to get up earlier etc. This was a real nuisance to be honest, and when we got to the Day's Hotel they said they didn't know anything about the free taxi's, so we needed to ring the Jury's Inn Hotel back up (After asking the new hotel for the telephone number), to try and get a taxi. We felt like we were stranded in a part of London that we had never been too.We would not recommend this hotel to anyone. I understand these things happen, however moving us out of the area we had planned to stay in caused as a few pains, and since it was a short stay it compacted it even more. If we were staying in London for longer, this mix up would have cost us a substantial amount more simply to travel where we would want to go.	
Jul 19 2008 	Comfortable room and just what we expected for the price	Stayed here 3 nights midweek in July with my teenaged son who was in London for some work experience. Having read these reviews carefully, I confirmed my booking the day before and requested a quiet room. Check in was swift and efficient and we were given a room at the back of the hotel, so no view, but it was quiet for a London hotel. I had contacted the hotel directly to make the booking and paid £129 a night for the room, but couldn't find a better deal elsewhere as the hotel was full.The room had two beds, which were comfortable with white linen and duvets. The room and bathroom were clean, with freshly painted walls, plain tiles in the bathroom. It had tea/coffee making and TV with limited number of chanels. Internet wi-fi was available at a cost. The airconditioning worked fine. The room was nothing fancy, but a good standard and all that we required. This is not a luxury hotel so there is no room service, but the housekeeping provided an ironing board and iron as soon as I requested.We were pushed for time and didn't feel like eating breakfast, so we bought some food from the Sainsburys supermarket which is a short walk away and ate it in the room. On two evenings we ate locally on Upper Street. First night at The Fine Burger Co, a little place more like a cafe than a restaurant, but with good, homemade burgers, fries and salad, very wholesome and tasty - recommended. Second night we chose an Italian Restaurant called Ask, which served good food in large portions, perhaps not very memorable but nothing to fault. Lots and lots of restaurants of all descriptions to try in Islington, as well as branch of M&amp;S and Sainsburys very close.I had chosen this hotel to be near Kings Cross, with good public transport links to the City and Canary Wharf. Angel Tube station is two short blocks away. I liked this hotel. It met all my requirements. It was clean, comfortable, the staff pleasant, and I felt safe in the immediate surroundings, even if Upper Street seems incredibly busy and cosmopolitan when you come from rural Scotland. There are good tube links to the City, Thames Embankment, and the West End. I was pleased with my choice.	
Jul 18 2008 	Great Value Convenient to Tube Nice Neighborhood	I and my teenage son and daughter stayed here Sat-Fri (Jun 28-Jul 4, 2008). Booked it last fall for 75 pounds/night. Daughter used one full-size bed - son and I shared the other. We were on 3rd floor in back and it was quiet. The hotel was a lot more modern than I was expecting for the price. It was clean and staff were courteous - helped my make a call at front desk to confirm airline flight. One can walk to King's Cross/St. Pancras station in about 15 minutes or walk 5 minutes to the convenient Angel Tube Station. Found numerous delis, bakeries, grocery stores two blocks north on Chapel Market street. Islington High Street/Upper Street (near the Angel Tube station and going north from there) felt safe - just folks out enjoying themselves in the neighborhood. With the value of this hotel, location to Tube, and 7-day Oyster passes for Tube, we were easily able to get around London for the week.	
Jul 16 2008 	Great stay	Recently stayed in this hotel for two nights. Reception staff were very welcoming, efficient and helpful. The bedroom room was large, comfortable, very clean and quiet. Excellent air conditioning. A very good breakfast is supplied. Close to Saddlers Wells Theatre and the Angel tube station. There is a pub attached to the hotel which is useful when arriving in late. I really enjoyed this hotel.	
Jul 13 2008 	Noisey - don't stay here if you want to sleep	The location is good but perhaps that is why we got no sleep. Young people were partying in the corridor and shouting. Nightporter was ineffective at resolving the problem.	
Jul 4 2008 	Great Locatioin	The Jury's Inn Islington is about a mile from Kings Cross Train Station (12 min walk) and about a block and a half from the Angel Tube Station. This is why we picked this hotel. We either walked to Kings Cross or used the Tube to see London. It was very convenient. Hotel Pub was very good. Hotel staff was friendly, helpful and professional. No problems, aside from figuring out how to work the shower (just don't turn it on too far). Anyway, a block from the hotel is Upper St. where all the resturants and pubs are located. The area was not threatening, and there was even a Starbucks around the corner (however we could have an interesting discussion on black or white coffee (they pour the milk)). The hotel was basic, nothing special and not a closet. It was clean, functional and it was a great starting point for the day and a good ending point. The only bad thing was that our room was on a side street, which I thought would be ok, however it was busy until 2am (so traffic noise). However, I was so tired from walking for 8-9 hours I only partially noticed it and then went back to sleep. Ear plugs might be the solution, if you are on this side. Otherwise, the hotel was great. We went from London to Scotland, back to London and then did a day trip to Paris. So location was important to us. There is also a Dominos Pizza about a block up the street (one of the best meals we had in London - you don't go for the food).	
Jun 8 2008 	Good budget Hotel	We stayed here for 2 nights, Fri and Sat, on bed and breakfast.The rooms were basic, but very clean and comfortable. We had a room on the 5th floor which had good views over the City. Due to an incident late Friday night early Sat morning in the street running alongside the Hotel, we were constantly woken up with the sound of police sirens.Saturday night was much quieter, and slept uninterrupted.Breakfast was, on the whole very good, with a buffet style help your self.The staff were very helpful and cheerful at all times. The deputy Manager in particular was most helpful when we found they had no record of our booking, so a phone call or two later had us booked in. Thanks for that.Will definitely use again when we want to come to London for another show .	
Jun 7 2008 	Good value location 	Stayed here for just 1 night with my daughter who was starting a business course the following day. It was a last minute booking as our arrangements had changed, which I made through the hotel website and paid £85 for a triple room which I felt was pretty good value for this part of London. Didn't really know what to expect but I need not have worried, the hotel is very modern/contemporary and kept beautifully clean. Having booked the triple room meant that I got to have the comfortable double bed and my daughter the single - there's got to be some perks for the payer. The rooms are quite spacious and again are modern and clean. We were on the 5th floor and had a pretty good view across this part of London.My only negative comment is that the Inn Bar (which serves very nice &amp; reasonably priced snacks) appears very dingy in comparison to the rest of the hotel - I think this is some sort of concession to the foreign tourists who perhaps expect this sort of thing (e.g the mock antique look).I must though praise the reception staff who really bent over backwards to help. Having arrived quite late in the evening I was a bit concerned about where I would be able to park my car but the young lady who dealt with us had words with someone in the office and I was allowed to park in the staff car park to the rear overnight and as my daughter was staying with another group from the following day it was arranged so that she could remain in the same room that we had both occupied - First Class service for which I thank you very much.	
Jun 2 2008 	Good value for London	My daughter and I took a trip to London in April to go to a show, shop and eat in Fifteen ... we wanted a decent hotel which was accessible and represented value for money ... as with other Jury's Inns, the Islington property does exactly what it is supposed to. No frills, friendly welcoming staff, clean well maintained room, decent breakfast ...	
Jun 1 2008 	over priced	We stayed at the hotel one night to go to the Bruce Springsteen concert, so didnt spend alot of time in the hotel. The room was large and clean, and the bar and reception areas were pleasent.However I did think that £129 for a room with no breakfast was a little high, even for London. We recently stayed at a hotel of similar rating on the Strand, which is a far better location, yet is £10 cheaper and included a brilliant breakfast. Both hotels were booked through the hotels web site's with no special offers.We had a problem with obtaining the discounted parking rate and I am awaiting a response from the hotel, but be wary if going at a weekend.	
May 30 2008 	great place	The staff at jurys islington is very accommodating. Our travel agent told us that she booked us there including our continental breakfast, but apparently that was not the case. Jury's staff was very accomodating and helped us figure out the problem. The rooms are nice and clean, spacious. They also have tea in the rooms. The hotel is a couple blocks away from the tube which worked out great for us. The staff and the accomodations are wonderful.	
May 26 2008 	Clean and modern with good service.	I stayed here on 24th May for a romantic break with my husband and we were wary about what to expect since many London hotels often have very poky rooms. However, I was very pleasantly surpirsed by everything about this hotel. It is a 10 minute walk from Angel tube and the short cut takes you through the bustling Chapel Market in Islington and is very near shops and bars. The reception area was bright and modern and the staff checked me in efficiently with no waiting around. Service was polite and friendly and I was on my way to my room in seconds. We had a fourth floor room which was surprisingly large with a double and a single bed. The en suite bathroom was clean and white and my only criticism is that there were only soap dispensers, no shampoo, so remember to take some. There is also tea and coffee making facilities and a hairdryer. There were about 9 TV channels and radio stations and beds had crisp white sheets. Breakfast was the usual hotel fare- full English breakfast buffet and cereals/pastries/ fruit etc. Very impressed for the money we paid and liked the large room with a semi picturesque-ish view over Northern London. We paid £54 each including breakfast and considered it value for money.	
May 22 2008 	nothing exceptional and overpriced	stayed overnight the hotel was fine but nothing exceptional my name was mispelled and they could not find my reservation eventually all was ok the hotel had obviously some operational problems as the food and beverage manager was doing check in at the reception and there were lots of &quot;graduates&quot; in the hotel - this is a new job description for hotels Single room was small breakfast was rich but not spectacular Pub next to the lobby looked inviting for £135 B&amp;B i found it overpriced - but this is london Broadband in rooms £5 per hour £10 per dayBUT I am really impressed by the management responses on tripadvisor complaints - clearly the Deputy GM is listening and responding - but it is evident that there are operational issues So all in all s	
May 17 2008 	Staff let the hotel down	I've stayed at the Jurys Inn several times, mainly due to the locality to particular events.I asked the hotel to book a cab for us at around 5am as we needed to get the Eurostar, and was told, no problem, all done cab will be here at 5. When we got up in the morning, we found that no cab had been booked, and when they went to do it, there was a delay, we ended up getting a black cab, not that easy at that time of the morning, rushing around and nearly missing our train. Exactly what we'd tried to avoid. We just wish they'd been honest with us when I'd asked about booking a cab the night before.Staff let the place down.Other than that, standard chain hotel, clean rooms, good location.	
May 16 2008 	Great hotel great staff great location...	Stayed here twice now, loved it both times.The location is great, just outside of the busy centre part of the city, a short walk from the Angel tube station, only a short ride from Leicester Square, Oxford Street, The London Eye, The Zoo, The Aquarium, and so on... Our stay included Continental Breakfast, there were 4 of us and 2 of us upgraded to Full English each day for 2,50 p/p so we could share the eggs, tomatoes, bacon, etc. The breakfast lady always told us we could go back to the buffet to get some more if we weren't full yet, even though the 2,50 was only supposed to be for 1 plate of food. Food tasted good, always fresh fruit, plenty of cereals, cheeses, yoghurt, bread, etc.The rooms were clean, cleaners did an excellent job on keeping our rooms clean, changing the sheets every other day... The only remark I have here is that apparently not all cleaning ladies know about the fact that the hotel asks their guests not to throw newspapers in the bin... because when you put the papers next to it or even put the bin on top of the papers they simply just leave them there.Was a bit dissappointed at the lack of little soaps, shampoos, etc.We were lucky enough to get rooms facing the main street, so we had a pretty nice view. I've read comments of people complaining about the police/ambulance-sirens, but I can't say I really found the sirens disturbing.The entire hotel was very well maintained, very clean, and all staff members were very friendly and helpful.Another big plus for us was that when we got there at 11AM both of our rooms were ready, even though &quot;offically&quot; your room doesn't have to be ready until 3PM.All in all we had a great stay and would definately stay here again.	
May 7 2008 	OK hotel	I have stayed at this hotel before and knew it was an ok hotel I'd come to. The stay itself was good, but the shower was a bit broken (could not adjust the height). You could not combine hot and cold water in the washbasin either because it had two single taps. So the main disappointment with the stay was the bathroom. I think the bathroom was ment for wheelchair users too because of the armrests beside the tolilet and the very low sink. We had not booked a wheelchair friendly room, so this was weird.The rest of the stay (service, area, breakfast etc) was good.	
Apr 23 2008 	Great Location great deal!	Booked this through lastminute.com - one of their 'top secret hotels' 3* in islington - slipped up by saying the bay was called The INN! googled it and found it to be the Jurys InnWe got it for £100 a night and it included full english breakfast AND evening meal! for two people! the breakfast should have been £15 each and evening meal (2 courses) should have been about £45 - we stayed two nights as well. Bargain we thought.Room was really big, although the bed quite small for such a big room! nice and clean and bathroom spotless, great shower.There was some noise from drunken people on the friday but not the hotels fault and didnt last long.Great location for Angel tube and £5 in taxi from Euston - 5 mins walk from Kings Cross too.Would definitely stay here again! Friendly staff, pub was good for watching the football before we left on our last day too.	
Mar 30 2008 	Clean comfortable convenient .	I spent Easter here with my partner and teenage son, my son was most impressed to see members of a band he had just been reading about in New Musical Express hanging about in the lobby! Easy to travel about London from - buses and tube stations very close by. The staff were friendly and helpful.The only problem we had was with the booking - it may have been my fault, but I had booked on the hotels website and hadnt noticed that I hadnt had any confirmation.......so when I rang on the day we were to arrive I discovered that there was no record of our booking - for some reason it hadnt gone through (as I said above, it could easily have been my fault not theirs!). Luckily they fitted us in at the price we would have paid, but would advise making sure you have got a confirmation that you have actually booked!!	
Mar 25 2008 	Comfortable and in a good loaction	Check-in was friendly and quick, the room was nothing to write home about, but of a good standard. A pleasant view over London and a decent shower made up for the slightly tired-looking bathroom.For the price I paid, I have no complaints. The room was spacious, the bed comfortable and the aircon responsive and quick to warm the room up after a night sleeping with the window open.	
Mar 19 2008 	Eventually a Pleasant Stay	After two room moves, which were arranged in good spirits, had a pleasant overnight stay in a remarkably quiet (for London) hotel. Great location for the Angel on the Northern Line and Bus Services. Room was clean and to an accepteble standard with white towels (not too thin). Bed was comfortable although the same can't be said for the pillows which were thin and lumpy. Standard buffet style breakfast was uninspiring but plenty of it.	
Feb 26 2008 	Good value for London	Visited London for midweek break. Hotel basic but clean. Speedy check in and friendly staff. Area is very safe at night. Did not eat in hotel, however number of restaurants on Islington High Street which is no more than 5 minutes walk from hotel. If possible request a room away from the front of the hotel on Pentonville Road as can get very noisy especially with police car sirens throughout the night. Angel tube station minutes away from hotel and no more than 15 minutes walk to Kings Cross / St Pancras station. Well worth the charge of £75.00 per night and would definately stay again when in London.	
Feb 24 2008 	It'll do - but certainly nothing special...	I stayed here for business when attending an awards ceeremony in central london - i picked the short straw as some of my colleagues stayed at The Cumberland. Nothing awful about the hotel, just a bog standard hotel, no frills or whistles but clean and has everything you need.I was less impressed with breakfast though - was booked in on a B&amp;B rate but the gent at the entrance to the doorway insisted i was not and i would have to pay extra...i just said ok as knew i had a copy of my booking confirmation so would fight it out on check out if needs be...but once inthe 'restaurant' feels much more like a canteen than a hotel - tables are bare and you even have to collect cutlery, napkins, sugars...well everything. Food itself was fine, just reminded me of my uni refectory...	
Feb 17 2008 	For London excellent	This hotel gets all the basics right and I got a good night's sleep. My only gripe was that the bathroom was a bit smelly, although everything looked clean.After shopping around various websites, I found a pretty reasonable rate.If you don't know London, this is a good area with good transport links.	
Feb 15 2008 	Great Hotel	I stayed at this hotel in February on a trip with my family and after a long and tiring trip we were cheered by the friendly staff that greeted us upon our arrival.Check in was very efficient and the staff were friendly and explained all our dining options and details about the rooms. The rooms were a good size, spotlessly clean and there were plenty of towels.We used the bar in the hotel twice and both times the service was again efficient and friendly and the food was a very good quality hearty meal. We didnt eat in the restaurant as there are lots of resturants near the hotel as it has a good location to Upper Street, however the restaurant looked modern and was busy( normally a god sign!!!!)I look forward to staying again at this qualiy hotel in the near future.	
Feb 12 2008	Solid Value 	- Great location near the Angel stop on the Northern line- plenty of excellent places to eat and drink near this hotel- centrally located, but away from heavy tourist areas- I lived at this hotel for about 8-9 weeks- reasonably clean- breakfast was average- it is not the hilton at islington which is lots more $$$- but it is not the hilton at euston which is worse- in the US this would not be 3 stars, but if you need location, affordability and decent room sizes this is it	
Feb 11 2008 	So so	I stayed here for a night on business. Jury's Islington is in a great location and very close to the Angel tube station, but the carpark is a good walk away from the hotel. Reception and the bar and restaurant downstairs are clean and modern, but stepping out of the lift on the 3rd floor was like walking back into the 1970's. Very old fashioned decor going on! The room was clean and well furnished but again was dated and the bathroom was akin to that of an older Travelodge.My room overlooked the carpark belonging to next door's block of flats, but I got a good night's sleep. My colleague had a room overlooking Pentonville Road and was awoken twice during the night by police cars going past, sirens screaming.My television did not work - no picture. When I pointed this out to reception the following morning I was advised that the cleaner sometimes knocks a cable out when dusting and I should have had a look and tried to put it back in....!I would stay here again on business if I had to, but £129 a night excluding breakfast is poor value for what you actually get and if I was paying myself, I'd look to stay somwhere else.	
Feb 3 2008 	Not Impressed at all	We arrived at around 2.30pm, checked in fine and were allocated room 307, we went onto the 3rd floor there was a nice clean smell in the hotel.As we entered our room the bedding was just dumped on the bed, As we looked around the room there was a bottle of wine and a glass on the desk...this was not a complimentry bottle of wine this was an empty bottle of wine from the previous occupier, The room had not even been attended to so was left how the prev occupants left it. (SEE PHOTO'S)I rang reception and they told us to return to reception, we were then allocated room 303 on the same floor.We got into the room and there was no electricity..again we called reception and were advised to put our room card in the small white box as near the front door, we done this and then after 5 mins it went off again..as we were on our way out we asked reception about this and then they informed us that we had to leave the card in there for the duration of the time that we were there.I spoke to the manager about the issue of our initial room not being ready, she apologies and advised she would investigate this and added complimentry breakfast to our stay as we were room only.The walls are VERY thin, and i could hear the whole convo of the room next door, i even knew when they were having a shower!We were woken by the room next door but one as they seemed to have a little party going on, i knocked there door and told them to keep it down which they did :-)Doors were very heavy so were being slammed at all hours!!The breakfast!!!Was Awful!We were given a ticket which entitled us to ONE full english - every other hotel i have ever stayed in are usually as much as you can eat breakfast buffet.So once you put what you wanted on your plate that was it...no more.And as for the breakfast itself it was awaful, i have never seen so much grease and fat.The Full English breakfast bard consisted of:SAUSAGE: Very greasy, they needed bread at the bottom of the tray to soak up the greaseBACON: This was just in one big heap and all i could see was fat not baconTOMATOESEGGS: Again, very greasyBEANSHASH BROWNS: Very overdone and greasySCRAMBLED EGG: This looked very soggy and mushy  although i helped myself to a plate i really could not eat it so i opted for the continental.there was no-one to assist you at breakfast so we had to try and find our way round.FInally checked out and could not wait to get out of there!This sounds like one big moan but unfortunatly this is how my stay was at the Jury's Inn..Good Points:FREE PARKING :-)	
Jan 28 2008 	value hotel	Reception is impressive, rooms are Premier Inn style, functional, clean, average size but bland.We had room 426 with views towards the London Eye and St Pauls, a bit of noise from the road but nothing to keep us awake.Angel tube is just around the corner but the bus was equally as quick, take the 38 or 73 which take you right into the centre of London.At £75.00 a night it was pretty good value, certainlly worth considering for a short stay in Islington, which is a ok place in itself, and only a short ride into town.	
Jan 21 2008 	Not Great	Booked this hotel as we were going to the emirates stadium. Booked in late, reception were fine got room quickly. The room itself was very very basic, the bed was a small double with terrible quality bedding. No nice soaps, or biscuits!! The walls were very thin, and decor very 80's. Would not stay again, could get somewhere nicer for 85 a night.	
Jan 7 2008 	good hotel	stayed at the Jurys Inn Islington on 27th Dec for 1 night. The hotel had been shut over Christmas and only re-opened that day. The Reception staff were very efficient and friendly and explained that as the hotel had been shut the rooms would be a little cold. This was not a problem as we simply put the bags in the room and were off to explore London. The hotel is in a great location for the Angel Tube station so travelling around was very easy. On return to the hotel later that evening, we had a meal in the Bar, which was ok, then retired to our rooms which indeed were quite cool. Again not a problem to us as we only used the rooms for sleeping 1 night. The only problem for us was that our room overlooked the busy main road and was very noisy. If I stayed here again I would ask for a room facing the back of the hotel as these would probably be a bit quieter. When we left one of our sons left a bag behind, we phoned the hotel when we got home and the posted the bag on to us within 3 days!	
Jan 2 2008 	Good value would stay there again	Stayed here for 2 nights, and would go back. Room was a good size, clean and nicely laid out. You don't get fancy toiletries in the bathroom, but I wasn't expecting to. The view from our room (at the front) was nice - over the park across the road and as far as the London Eye.The restaurant and bar were quiet in the evenings, but there's lots of choice close-by in Islington High Street (about 5 minutes walk) along with a nice pub next door that serves food.Good transport links are close-by - Angel tube station, and Kings Cross just down the road, as well as lots of buses passing the door.Beakfast was good too - both continental and full English available - buffet style, so lots to eat.Staff were friendly and helpful - both a check-in/out, and for general queries.Overall, not the fanciest place I've stayed, but comfortable and very good value for money.	
Dec 6 2007 	Good Hotel	The Jurys Inn Islington was a good choice for an Anniversary/theatre weekend in London. The reception area had an expensive feel about it, and the staff were always helpful. We also got free carparking in the hotel car park. A real plus in London. Angel tube was within 100 yards of the hotel and main line rail stations Kings Cross St Pancras and Euston just a short walk. The rooms were up to date clean and not small. The shower/bath was hot and powerful. The only down side was lack of hot food in the evening. We arrived just before 10pm on a Friday to be told the restaurant was closed and the bar were only doing sandwiches. Saturday evening the restaurant was closed due to a function booking. Overall good value for money and would use the hotel again.	
Nov 15 2007	Lovely hotel	From the very moment I stepped into this hotel I felt welcome. All the staff were without exception lovely and friendly. I'm not an easy customer, and always find faults with the room or the service. This hotel was really good. Exceptionally clean, spacious and comfortable. As a single woman I felt very safe. I had a problem with the first room I looked at as there were two single beds and I wanted a double one. Nothing was too much trouble for the people at the desk. They were quick to show me round another room with a smile (they were fully booked and very busy, but they never made me feel I was a bother). Very sound proof rooms (and I'm a light sleeper!) Breakfast lets the side down a little, (overcooked hash browns and soggy bacon) not great but lots of choice, not disgusting like in some hotels - I guess a bit like service station food. But it does the job. Wonderful water pressure! Great location. Much better than the four star novotel down the road (and the breakfast at novotel really was disgusting!!!). I'm used to luxury hotels. This isn't luxury, but so comfy, I would highly recommend it. So, to sum up: Basic but immaculate rooms, breakfast not great, but five star service with a smile! Lovely! Don't be afraid to book this hotel - if you have any problems, be sure the staff will go out of their way to fix it!	
Nov 9 2007 	great hotel	one adult and three kids,needed a good hotel and location. hotel is 5mins from angel tube station. when you walk into reception you know its more than a 3 star! The room was a good size and the shower was great. We had a meal at the bar later and was suprised at the size of portions for the kids as well as the service.Again the breakfast did not disappoint.A good selection for the kids and all very tasty!! Have stayed in quite a few hotels and this one is as good as it gets. Will definately be back. Overall a great hotel and location.	
Oct 30 2007 	Good Overnight Stay	We only stayed for one night and was impressed with the good location (100 metres from Angel Underground) and the cleanliness of the rooms.The hotel facilities are average and the rooms are not too small. The view from the room that we stayed in was terrible (a brick wall - literally).The breakfast was good if you opt for the full english breakfast but very poor if you opt for the continental option.All in all this is a good hotel for an overnight stay!	
Oct 26 2007 	Average hotel but good for london	This hotel is clean and is well located beside the tube. It is fairly new so the rooms are quite modern and airy which is something you struggle to find in london. I will probably be back as its a safe bet.	
Oct 17 2007 	Great service in difficult circumstances.	When I arrived at Jurys Islington there were fire engines outside and I thought &quot; Oh no, this doesn't look promising&quot;. I was met at the door by a member of staff who informed me that the hotel had suffered a mains water burst and at the moment had neither water or electricity and I was free to cancel my booking without charge. If I decided to wait an hour ( this turned into 2 hours ) I could wait in the bar where complimentary drinks were being served. Being tired and feeling a little under the weather I opted to wait. Some guests made rather good use of the free drinks! The staff were trying their best to keep people informed and happy but one or two guests were more than a little disgruntled. After a couple of hours all seemed to be well and I joined the long queue for check in. The member of staff that had previously greeted me at the door noticed me in line and saying &quot; You've been waiting rather a long time&quot; whisked me to the desk and checked me in herself. This was exemplary service and proved that they really were on the ball. A letter of apology for any inconvenience was pushed under the door an hour later.The rooms at Jurys are of a reasonable size, I had one with a double and a single. Everything worked and the room was spotlessly clean. There was an entertaining gurgle from the sink in the bathroom ( see my video ). They advertise the hotel as Budget Accommodation but I would rate it better than that for general comfort. The buffet dinner in the evening was OK and relatively cheap for the area. Breakfast had a good selection and the staff worked hard to make sure food was replenished and tables were cleared quickly. My room was at the front of the hotel so there was a fair bit of road noise when the window was open but it was OK with the window closed. All the same, I'll ask for a room at the rear when I stay again. Checking out was fast, friendly and efficient. The staff of any hotel can make or break the whole experience. Top marks here to everyone.Overall I'd recommend this Jurys and will be using it again in a couple of weeks.	
Oct 15 2007 	great hotel	Very good, clean hotel with a good price. I booked it due to the proximity to Sadlers Wells Theatre. Everybody was very happy to serve you, down to the cleaner who was very cheerful. Will definitely stay again if visiting London.	
Oct 14 2007	Very average	Very average hotel. I was able to get a price of £102 instead of £155 which was being advertised everywhere else. Even at the lower price feel it was over priced - but hey this is London. The hotel was very near to the office I was attending a course at which saved a lot of hassle. Room smallish but ok. Smelt a little &quot;tabby&quot; (as in tobacco not cat!) which is suprising given that somking in public places is banned in the UK. Bathroom was functional but shower door was hanging off. Continetal breakfast was reasonable and public areas good and staff polite and helpful.	
Oct 7 2007 	Comfortable stay at Jury's Islington	I stayed one night at the Jury's Inn Islington in October 2007 while attending a conference at the nearby Business Design Centre. My company travel agent arranged the booking on my behalf.I arrived about 7pm to find my room ready for me, and after a very quick check-in proceeded to the second floor where my room was at the end of the corridor. It was a comfortable room, with a small &quot;sofa&quot; (see photos) as well as the bed, table, TV, tea/coffee and the bathroom area. It doesn't quite compare with Marriott hotels I've stayed in at a similar rate in London, but there was certainly nothing wrong with the room decor, size etc. The bed wasn't quite king size, but that's not a problem for a single occupant.My one complaint about the stay was the noise created by plumbing in surrounding rooms. I woke at least two or three times during the night to hear pipes rattling above or below me, though in fairness I think I was always going to have a fairly restless sleep in any case. It wasn't anywhere near the level that would cause me to complain to the hotel or ask to move room etc.Breakfast was served in the restaurant area, and I found it well presented and very filling. It's self-service, and if you are to have a full English you are given a ticket at the desk to exchange with the person behind the desk at the cooked breakfast part of the buffet. The seating area is spacious and there was certainly no feeling of being rushed to leave, the way you sometimes are in Marriotts and elsewhere.Check-out was uneventful.Overall I'd recommend Jury's Inns, and I'd say I was very satisfied with my experience staying there. They aren't quite 5* deluxe hotels, but they're comfortable and will meet your needs for a quick stay away from home - or a longer stay when you're paying the bill for yourself!	
Sep 8 2007 	Brilliant hotel would stay again	I stayed in this hotel with two friends at the beginning of September for one night. My experience of the hotel was totally positive- our train to London arrived at 12.30pm and, as our room was not yet ready for check in, the hotel provided a left luggage facility in a code protected room. After spending the day in London, we arrived back at the hotel at around 6.30pm and checked in with no problems. Our room was quite large considering it had a double and single bed and the bathroom was very clean. We stayed on the second floor and, although there is a bar situated close to the hotel, noise was not really a problem other than the occasional piece of traffic, which is only to be expected in London. We all had an excellent night's sleep and the shower facilities in the bathroom were excellent- very powerful. We ate at the restaurant in the evening which was exemplary, especially when considering the hotel is supposed to be 'budget.' All the waiters were very attentive and helpful, ensuring we had everything we wanted. We ate the 'buffet' dinner, meaning a choice of starters, main course and dessert for around £15 and it was all you can eat. Even though we were allowed to help ourselves, the waiters were very friendly and helped us throughout- very professional. The hotel gave us a telephone number for a taxi company the next morning, which came promptly at 9am to take us to Covent Garden- about £10 with congestion charges but we didn't really have much choice with the underground strikes. The hotel is in prime location, with King's Cross Station only being a few minutes walk down the road. As my visit was based around tickets to be in the audience for a TV show filmed in Elstree, close proximity (about a 5/10 minute walk) to King's Cross Thameslink was also particularly useful. The entire hotel exceeded my expectations, even down to the decor in the reception and lifts- I would never imagine myself to be in budget accommodation. From my experience, I would recommend this hotel to anyone and intend to stay again.	
Aug 31 2007 	Fabulous Hotel!	We chose Jury's Inn Islington for a weekend of shopping and partying in London recently. From top to bottom the whole experience was fantastic. We were greeted by courteous and efficent staff at check-in and, on hearing that we were in London for a good time, gave us a corner room with lovely views of the city. The food in both the bar and restaurant was of the highest standard and every part of the hotel was spotlessly clean. Our time in the hotel was really made by the attitude of the staff towards us. From Management down to the cleaners, we were greeted with smiles and a 'Good Morning'.We will definitely be recommending this hotel to friends and family.Being experienced travellers, we hace stayed in all types of accomodation all over the world from Los Angeles and Bangkok to Sydney and Beijing. This is how a hotel should be run.	
Aug 21 2007 	Great room crap location	We stayed here before we started a tour. The room seemed quite luxurious after the hostel accommodation we had been staying in but it was also much more expensive. Food and drinks can be bought downstairs in the restaurant and bar. We had soup and it was delicious. Although the location is close to the city, I really disliked it. The street is packed full of noisy traffic and the pollution was overwhelming. It was also quite a hike with our bags from the nearest train station.	
Jul 28 2007 	Comfortable if bland hotel in great location	This is 5 minutes by taxi from King's Cross station, but with the huge advantage of being in Islington, rather than the sleazy King's Cross district.The hotel itself is modern, with comfortable rooms - nothing particularly stylish or unusual, but absolutely nothing to complain about either. Ours had a great view over London. There's a street market just round the corner, plus hundreds of bars/restaurants/cafes in Upper Street and around - also just round the corner. When we stayed, this hotel also had smoking rooms available - another huge plus in these puritanical and prohibitive times. Prices are very reasonable for an extremely expensive city - and look out for special deals/seasonal offers etc. Staff were fine. We didn't try the food - you don't really need to with such a wealth of places round about, but the bar stays open late.	
Jul 5 2007 	Great hotel shame about the bar staff!	I booked a 6 night break at Jurys Inn, Islington through superbreak, which worked out cheaper then going through the hotel itself.It also included breakfast.First impressions of the hotel were very good, the lobby was bright and welcoming. The room was quite a good size, I was surprised that the childrens bed wasn't made up and it was a sofa bed that was hard to figure out.We had to ask for extra towels and although there were 4 of us in the room only 2 mugs were provided.The bath was fairly small, the shower was very difficult to turn on and off and difficult to get to a right temperature.The walls of the room were very thin and on the first night we had the misfortune of having a neighbour that had opera music on very loudly after midnight.The beds were very uncomfortable, especially the kids sofa bed where the matress was only about 3 inches deep and underneath was wooden slats.The breakfast was great, self service and eat as much as you like. Most of the time we had to wait for toast and cutlery, it didn't seemed to be replenished very quickly.The hotel is only a few minutes walk from the Angel tube station or about 10 minutes from Kings Cross. There are lots of good shops nearby, including Sainsburys, Marks and Spencers, Boots, Woolworths etc. There is also a cinema nearby and a market.The main downside that I found were that the bar staff were very infriendly, most of them spoke pidgeon English so it was quite hard to order from them. So if I went again I would stay away from the bar.I would go to the hotel again as it was central for everything.	
May 26 2007 	Good value for business traveller	stayed at the Jury's Inn as part of a special rate negotiated by the organizors of a conference I was attending at the London Business Design Centre (128 GBP w/ English breakfast / night). The hotel is conveniently located fairly close to Angel tube station and within a short and plaseant walk to the Business Design Centre. Incidentally, Islington is a nice area full of restaurants and shops, and is fairly close to the centre, Soho, etc.The room I had was large and very quiet. English breakfast was OK.All in all a good value for a business traveller.	
Apr 25 2007 	excellent service	We recently stayed for 4 nights bed and full breakfast which we booked through the superbreak website as we had (after extensive research on trip advisor) decided on this hotel and this was the only site we could get booked on. Myself, husband and daughter aged 9 were in London for the marathon which my husband was running in and as my husband would not be doing the tourist thing we wanted an area where myself and my daughter would feel comfortable and safe. Islington is a thriving and busy area with lots of shops, resturaunts cafes and pubs all within minutes of the hotel and the Angel tube station is 5 mins away although for 2 of the 4 days we were there it was closed due to scheduled repairs but Kings Cross is a 10 min walk at most and has links to quite a lot of other lines. We have stayed at a Jurys Inn before so knew what to expect decor wise etc, everything was clean, fresh and was in good order. We had a requested a non smoking quiet room and this was granted without a problem. On the first day we had to request extra towels as there were 3 of us, these arrived at our room within 10 mins and we had extra towels for the duration of the stay. Breakfast each morning was fresh and warm. We had our evening meal 3 of the nights we were there in the resturaunt. The bar served food also but we decided against this as there did not seem to be a no smoking area as there was in the resutraunt, the service was way beyond that of a 3 star hotel, polite attentive without being over-bearing, nothing was too much trouble. We would not hesitate to book this hotel again and the management are to be commended for their wonderful service......	
Mar 20 2007 	good hotel pleasant stay	Just back from a vacation in London.Stayed at Jurys Inn Islington w/gf for 4 nights.Basically, it's what a 3* hotel should be like.Nothing special, decor a bit worn, staff ranging from super-attentive to indifferent, water system a bit ... phlegmatic (hey, it's the UK!).But it was clean, the double room was spacious by London standards, everything worked as advertised,the location is nice (it's close to Angel, a Zone1 Tube station, so it's easy to connect to the city, but Islington seems to be a nice place to look around as well). And we got the &quot;half board&quot; offer via Lastminute - meaning English breakfast in the morning and buffet dinner in the evening - and at 75 pounds a night I think it was a good deal. At that price, I recommend it and would stay there again.	
Mar 14 2007	Great for families	My family stayed here March 2006. We had been booked in one of the old hotels near Victoria (which was a nightmare). We felt lucky to find a family room available and found the Jury's a welcome change. With the Angel tube station 2 blocks away, it was very convenient. Daniel and his staff were very accomodating.	
Mar 13 2007	Nothing much wrong nothing much right	Beyond an attractive reception area there is some ugly decor on the way to your room. Mine was perfectly serviceable notwithstanding thin bedding and cheap, small, bath-towels. Everything was clean. In-room internet didn't work with my Mac, but lobby area wifi was fine.Breakfast ticked many of the right boxes visually but everything was cheap and tasteless; white bread for toast, tomatoes tasting only of water, scrambled egg tasting of nothing. However.....the room was cheap for central London as was the breakfast - each around half the price of the Novotel or Hilton equivalent. So what right do I have to expect a Hilton quality room or Novotel quality breakfast?! I'd probably say this was 3.5 stars because of the price/location combination.	
Feb 27 2007	Good Family Accomodation	My wife and I and two young sons stayed for 2 nights in February. Had booked accomodation on internet based on best value family accomodation and trip advisor reviews. We were expecting an average hotel but were very pleasently surprised by the modern spacious lobby and the friendly reception staff who greeted us. We requested and got a quiet room at the back of the hotel. The room was fine for the money paid, very clean, comfortable bed, although a little bit cramped with the double camp bed for the boys. The bathrooms are probably in need of minor refurbishment, shower was very squeaky and we could hear other guests showers squeaking aswell. Breakfast was okay - a few mushrooms with the brekkie would have been nice, but again staff very friendly. To finish off a very pleasant stay when we were checking out, the lovely lady at reception produced our youngest sons favourite power ranger which we thought he had lost. All in all would definitely recommend.	
Jan 19 2007 	good value spotty service	I've stayed here before, because of its proximity to the Business Design Centre, but this time stayed here after a conference at another hotel, on a couple of free days, because I think it's a very good value for the money and nicely located. It's very near (1 block) to the Angel Tube which makes getting around town very easy, and the immediate neighborhood has lots of restaurants, bars, shops, etc. if you don't want to go far for dinner after a busy day. The hotel has a nice lobby, and pleasant if not luxurious rooms ( I didn't use the bar). The bath is quite stark, but was large and clean, with a nice big tub for soaking a sore back. I stayed two nights, and unfortunately, my room was missed for cleaning after the first night. I returned about 5:00 pm and the room was just as I had left it. Since I was travelling alone, there wasn't really much disrupted, so I just made the bed and left it at that., but it did seem a big mistake on the part of staff. I booked through hotel.com at a rate of $126/night. I think this place is a great value for that cost in London. Breakfast was not included, but there is coffee in the room, and lots of breakfast options nearby, as well as a Sainsbury's (supermarket) so I stocked up the night before with juice and pastry!	
Jan 18 2007 	Good location 	I stayed at the Jury's Inn in Islington, while attending a conference at the Business Design Center. The hotel is in short walking distance from the center, therefore for that reason only, hotel was excellent.My room was above average size - for London standards. Cute decor and nice room amenities. Very comfy bed! The hotel staff needs to brush up on their English, though very nice overall. The hotel itself is situated in a nice area. Islington offers great shopping, bars and cafe's. Starbucks is also around the corner... what more do you want?	
Jan 4 2007 	Great budget hotel and great location	My family and I just returned from a week long trip to London, and we had an excellent stay at the Jury's Inn Islington. The location was great (only 1 block from the Angel tube station) and the hotel clean and comfortable. We all thought the continental breakfast was above average -- fresh fruit, yoghurt, croissants, rolls, etc. The staff was also very cordial and helpful. I would definitely stay here again!	
Nov 15 2006 	Good value in a great location	I stayed at the Jury’s Islington for 1 night in October whilst in London to attend a conference. The hotel booking was last minute &amp; I was pleasantly surprised with what I got for the money paid for a hotel in London! The room was clean &amp; spacious with all the amenities you would expect. Also a lovely view from the bedroom out of the front of the hotel &amp; could spot lots of the London tourist attractions! The breakfast, which was included in the price I paid, was buffet style &amp; basic but sufficient. The best thing about this hotel though has to be its location – in trendy Islington &amp; within walking distance of the tube &amp; lots of bars &amp; restaurants. I would not hesitate to stay here again.	
Oct 24 2006 	No Frills Whatsoever.	Found easily but directions to car park not good. Room very bare, cheap curtains, small bed, bathroom very basic. First room rejected due to uncleaned toilet (use your imagination!) told to come back to reception to change rooms only to be given room next door (why they couldnt come up and give us the keycard for the new room is beyond me).On a sunday morning, housekeeping knocked on the door 3 times before 10.30am. Checkout is 12 noon. Why do hotels do this? why cant housekeeping wait until reception tell them the guests have checked out?Ok for a night i suppose. £69 is cheap in london i suppose. Wish i'd paid a bit more for something a bit better though.	
Oct 19 2006 	Central Location	Stayed here just for one night as part of a football package trip. Spotlessly clean, huge reception area, large bedroom with TV, tea/coffee, etc. Standard but nice. Staff were friendly although the English wasn't too good from a couple of them but we got there in the end! The bar downstairs was my favourite - loved the stone decor and nice pints too! Best of all was the breakfast - you could pile as much as you wanted on your plate and this was included in the price. Perfect after a heavy night! Hotel is only 5min walk from Angel tube which is on the Northern Line - links with all other lines to go into central London in about 15 mins. Upper Street around the corner is full of shops, restaurants, bars and a street market. Perfect spot for tourists and overnighters alike.	
Oct 8 2006 	Good value for London	Stayed here for 4 nights In October. Like other Jury's Inns it's low on frills but the bedroom was larger and better kept than most more expensive hotels I have used in London. The staff were helpful and efficient. Broadband access was an extra £10 for 24 hours but the connection was really fast and easy to set up. A nice touch for Irish guests is that the Irish Independent and Belfast Telegraph are available. My only complaint was breakfast - the pallid toast was made in batches and turned luke-warm and soggy quickly. And coffee seemed to be instant - unforgivable in 2006.	
Oct 3 2006 	A great accidental discovery!	I stayed here for the first time in June 2006 on a business trip, only because the hotel I normally use was full. I haven't looked back.A great location, close to Angel tube station, and with bus routes outside the front door. Islington is a pretty trendy part of town, with lots of nice restaurants and bars.The hotel itself has a nice welcoming foyer, and staff were very attentive. The food in the restaurant was not great, but the food in the bar is very good, and well priced. The bar itself is homely and open until late.Rooms are quite basic, but clean, and bathrooms are great. This is now my hotel of choice when in London, as it combines a great location with good food and drink, lovely staff, and good value for money.	
Sep 21 2006 	Great hotel	I stayed for one night on business this week. Very handy, just a few minutes walk from Angel tube station, which itself is only one stop from Kings Cross or a ten minute walk. My room was absolutely fine. Everything in the hotel was clean and the staff were all helpful and welcoming. Breakfast was fine and good value.There were lots of little restaurants, shops and pubs close by. Altogether a pleasant, interesting and relaxing experience. Great value at the price.	
Sep 5 2006	Okay for a short stay	My partner and I stayed here for 2 nights from Sep 1st-Sep 3rd to attend a wedding in London. The overall decor of the hotel is okay, and the rooms and communal areas are very clean.We stayed in a double room, which is the smallest hotel room I have ever stayed in. As were only there for 2 nights, this wasn't much of a problem. The bathroom was clean and rooms come with a TV, air conditioning, hairdryer and kettle. There are extra pillows/blankets if you require them.We had the continental breakfast on Saturday morning, which was very unimpressive. It consists of bread rolls, fruit ,yoghurt, various cereals, cheese and croissants. I only ate the croissants, but my partner enjoyed his breakfast. We ate out the next morning! There are plenty of cafe's and restaurants serving a reasonably priced full English or vegetarian breakfast nearby.We found the staff very pleasant and helpful, nothing was too much trouble.Islington itself is a wonderful area, plenty of shops, restaraunts, bars etc. I would probably not stay in this hotel again, but the only reason would be because the room was too small. If you're not bothered by this, then go ahead!	
Aug 27 2006	Comfortable hotel friendly helpful staff	My family of four stayed at this hotel a total of two nights during our week long European vacation. We were very pleased. The front desk staff was incredibly helpful, answering all of our questions, letting us borrow the front desk phone to call Virgin Airlines when the lobby phone was out of order and arranging all of our &quot;extras&quot; within a very reasonable time. When my husband needed a special adapter for his laptop - &quot;no worries&quot;. When we needed a taxi reserved for us - &quot;no worries&quot;. When we needed the sofa bed pulled out, set up and made - &quot;no worries&quot;. They told me there would be a crib in our room, when it wasn't there, they showed up within 5 minutes with the crib, set it up for us, put sheets down and then brought us everything else we requested (extension cord, extra towels etc) within just a few minutes. We decided to order food from the bar the first night we were there and our family of four ate for only 20 pounds. The next night we ordered dinner and dessert from the restaurant and it was very good and reasonably priced as well. Even the bartender was friendly and helpful. Our 5:30 am wake up call was on time, the air conditioning was easy to use and worked great. The room was very clean. The walls are a little thin, so I stressed a bit when our daughter cried at night, but I wasn't bothered too much by any other guests staying in the rooms near us. The elevators were large enough for all of us and our luggage, which is hard to come by in Europe. The walk from the Anglel tube station wasn't too far but with luggage it was quite a pain, so we opted to pay extra for a taxi the next time we needed to get to Paddington Station. Overall, we were pleased with the Jury's Inn and would recommend it for other families.	
Aug 14 2006 	Good location good hotel	When I booked the hotel I looked up some information to see if this was worth the money or not. I came to this website, and with the positive reviews here I had a good feeling to go to this hotel.We travelled with Eurostar, and booked the journey with the hotel coming to a € 300 for 4 nights each (2 persons). We arrived very early, it was very simple to get to the hotel, it's close to the Angel tube station. I think it's in a 3/4 minute walk in a slow tempo.We had to wait till 2 o' clock to check in, they offered to keep our lugage in the storage room and they gave us 2 smartsave street maps (which has a retail price of £2,95) for free and indicated where we could walk and shop in the surrounding area.Also, with these maps you get a code which can save you 20% in a few restaurants and attractions. (I recommend Bella Italia)You have a small street behind the hotel with a market, a little shopping centre and lots and lots of restaurants. So it was a great location to stay. You even have a gaming arcade across the tube station.Clean and big rooms with airconditioning, friendly people. ANd you also have an ice-machine on every floor, but I didn't know that until the last evening.Too bad there's isn't a little refrigerator in the room.Also, with my reservation, I didn't have all-in. So no breakfast for me, and at the price of £ 9,50 per person for a full english breakfast I didn't have the heart to spend that much on a breakfast. If you want a cheap and good breakfast, you can go to the street behind the hotel I mentioned earlier and get your breakfast there.	
Aug 2 2006	Great experience	On a former trip to London, I stayed in a hotel 10 paces from Victoria Station, so I was a little disappointed when I saw the location of the Jurys Islington. But as another reviewer has stated, the hotel is a short walk from the Angel tube station and we found that most convenient. Also, just a short walk from the front doors leads to a great variey of resturants and shops so it turned out to be a great location after all!We arrived a little early (11:00 a.m.) and were told we had an hour's wait for our room. However, 10 minutes later, the front desk rep took the time to find us in the lobby and gave us the good news that our room was ready. In our room, I found that my suitcase had been locked with no keys attached to the handle as they were when I checked the baggage. I called the front desk and within 10 minutes, a very friendly member of the maintenance team was at my door and got the lock off. Great customer service!The room was a good size with a double and single bed. The linens were clean and the beds were comfortable. The bathroom was a little lacking in space for toiletries by the sink, but the tub/shower was large and roomy. Our tour obviously did not purchase the full breakfast, because the lady working the buffet literally barked at me when I took a spoonful of beans, asking for my coupon. Feeling like a fool, I spooned the beans back into the bin. What we ended up with was prepackaged cheese, butter, rolls, cereal, milk, and very watered down juice. Wholly adequate to get the day started.As with every European hotel in which I've stayed, the television is very limited. Granted you are not spending much time in your room, but don't expect to come to your room after a day out and find any familiar programming. Kind of strange in this day of satellites, etc. With the exception of an inebriated guest who wandered the halls in his underwear and finally ended up sleeping in the hall outside our door (the front desk staff did a great job corralling this guy and getting him back to his room), we really had a good stay here. I would definately recommed it to family, friends, and business associates.	
Jul 4 2006	I'd Stay Here Again	My daughter and I stayed here for the last 3 nights of our Trafalgar tour. The hotel is clean, the food is good, the staff is courteous and helpful, and the rooms are big, clean, and comfortable (compared to the really small rooms in the hotels in Italy). The hotel is near the Angel entrance to the Tube and you can walk to small shops and restaurants. On my next trip to London, I would definitely stay at the Jurys Islington.	
Jun 21 2006	Clean 	My boyfriend &amp; I stayed at this hotel for one night as we were going to a party nearby. We booked it for just £39 for the room (not each) through a well-known last minute website. At such a budget price I had some reservations, but as we were just going to sleep there after the party, I figured I could tolerate most hovels for a few hours. In actual fact I was very pleasantly surprised- although the rooms are not what I'd describe as luxurious, they were very new and comfortable. The decor was fairly plain and inoffensive, and the rooms were really immaculately clean. It is definitely a grade up from your typical 'travel-motel' with a smart &amp; comfortable lobby where we relaxed for a little while after checking out. The bathroom has a tiny bath, but an excellent shower, the room was air conditioned &amp; had a tv, hairdryer and the usual things you would expect. There was a single bed &amp; a double bed, (both had hard mattresses- which I find the most comfy) so it could be incredibly cheap if there were three of you sharing. The hotel is set back from a fairly busy road, but this wouldn't be a problem if you request a room at the back of the hotel, or just shut the windows and have the air-con on in summer. I have paid a lot more money to stay at other similar hotel chains outside of london, and they proved to be nowhere near as clean or pleasant as this. The deal didn't include breakfast but we went to a great turkish cafe round the back of the hotel to the left of chapel market where a full breakfast with a drink was around £5.	
Jun 13 2006	Service leaves a lot to be desired	We booked into Jurys Inn on Friday evening and the room was fine - nothing special but clean and more than adequate. Our window looked out on the yard at the back of the hotel but it was quite quiet. On Saturday morning at 7am I heard voices that sounded quite loud - it turned out that other guests were given a key to our room and were in our hallway, they scurried off apologising in broken english and when I rang reception they couldn't find our booking on the system but apologised. As a result of this mix up our room wasn't serviced that day. I rang reception for towels and an hour later there was still no sign so I had to track down housekeeping myself. Also when they cancelled the Japanese guests keys they cancelled ours and as we were in and out at seperate times each time we came in our keys weren't working as they would cancel them all and only provide us with one new key. When we went for breakfast we were informed that there was only one person staying in the room, which reception confirmed. I had to get them to take out our booking confirmation that listed us both and again a short apology was all we received. On the whole the hotel is nice and we love the location, there are some lovely shops and bars around Islington, but because the service was so bad we wouldn't stay there again.	
May 26 2006	Amongst the best deals in London	Was in London last week for 3 nights. Due to the very last minute nature of the trip and highly limited hotel availability all across central London for this week, I stayed in a different hotel each night. The Jurys Inn Islington was the best of the three and, at 69 GBP, it was less than half the price I paid for the hotel for the first night (which was a pretty decent hotel to begin with). The hotel was immaculate, the rooms were above average in terms of space (for European hotels), clean, and just seemed fresh. The room colors were a little loud, but that's hardly a giant complaint. Decent restaurant onsite, friendly bar too. Dozens of pubs and restaurants all within a 2 block radius. About a 4 minute walk to Angel Tube.	
Apr 27 2006	Very nice place	Stayed here on bank holiday a couple of weeks ago. Booked the room directly from their website and got the excellent last minute price of £39 (total) - was very pleased with this.Hotel is very close to Angel tube stop (few minutes walk) and has a bus stop literally 30 seconds from the hotel too - so great if you've had a night out and don't fancy trying to flag down a black cab or are prepared to get an &quot;illegal&quot; cab either.Hotel reception and decor was very nice and modern looking - I was expecting somehing &quot;shabby&quot; for what I paid. Room was pleasant also, fairly decent size for the 3 of us. Large double sized bed and large sofa bed too that could easily sleep 2. Shower/bath was nice size too, with what must have been the most powerful shower I have ever experienced! Very nice.The only down side was when I checked in, and I'm sure many others have experienced the same thing. Because I booked the room only a few hours before we arrived, the booking was not showing up for some reason. This was quickly remedied after about 5 minutes or so. Overall, I would definitely stay here again. Be sure to check out their website on the day you intend to stay as you can get very, very good prices.	
Mar 16 2006	excellent in every way	I stayed here in March this year and was very impressed with the price £39 for a triple!! off a late website and the quality of staff and rooms. The staff could not have been more helpful if they had tried. well done	
Mar 13 2006	somewhere to crash	Four of us stayed here on a saturday night in November when we travelled down to a friend's 30th birthday party. The hotel was really well positioned, walking distance (although up hill!) from Kings Cross, really reasonable (I think we paid abut £35 a head for one nght, room only). Jury's Inn are functional and clean hotels, perfect for somewhere to recover from your hangover that wont break the back. I'd recommend this place if you're on a budget, so many London hotels are disappointing but this one does what it says on the tin.	
Mar 4 2006	Good value for the money helpful staff	Over Thanksgiving vacation I and my yound daughter travelled to London to visit family. We chose Jury's Inn based on the favorable reviews and were not disapointed.O.k, this is not a luxury hotel and by American standards, the rooms are small and without lavish amenities.However, the profesionalism and attititude of the staff more than made up for this. The front desk saff were extremely helpful and allowed us to check in in the morning after a night flight from the States. This was a huge perk to me as my daughter was exhausted.The location is honestly a little challenging. There are no little shops within easy walking distance, or at least we didn'r find any.This wasn't a problem though as public transportation is frequent and takes you right into central London. As I know London well, staying at this slightly out of the way hotel was fine. But for first time visiters, it might be easier to stay somewhere a little more central.	
Nov 26 2005	Lovely Hotel Good Location	Stayed for 2 nights last weekend with my mother, sister and brother. Check in was fine. We asked if we could have adjoining rooms as we were a family and this didnt seem to be a problem at all. Rooms were fairly large, In one room we had a double bed &amp; Single bed and other room had double bed and a fold out sofa so plenty of room for us. We paid for continental breakfast when booking however no hassle with upgrading to full english if you want. But be warned, continental breakfast is 7.50 and full english is 9.50 however when upgrading it costs 2.50. I know it only 50p but it was not displayed anywhere, just the prices of the breakfasts themselves. Breakfast was fantastic. Anything you could think of was available and the food was delicious. Location was brilliant, Angel tube station literally a 5 min walk. Very handy. There is no room service in this hotel however we rang down on our second night and ordered food from the bar and they ring back when it is ready to be collected. This food was very tatsy also. Check out was quick, we paid our bill (for breakfast upgrades &amp; food) by cash. Upon checking my creditcard bill online this week I noticed that the hotel still had a hold of Euro113 on my card even though I paid everything up in cash. I had to contact the hotel and ask them to remove this. It was only taken off yesterday, 5 days after leaving the hotel. I had stayed at this hotel previously and thats why I picked this hotel again. I think next time though I might try somewhere else.	
Nov 19 2005	Great Hotel Great location	Got a great bargain on this hotel from Last minute £80 for Friday and Saturday night. Clean and spacious room with spare bed good power shower and the room was cleaned to a high standard during our stay. Helpful staff large restaurant available and a great pub within the hotel which stays open late at weekends. The best thing for me was the location 5 mins from the Angel Tube 10 mins walk to Kings Cross and a great choice of restaurants pubs and shops in Islington. Will definately stay here when in London again.	
Nov 8 2005 	over expensive for a hard mattress	Far too expensive for a very, very hard mattress (I thought we were sleeping on the bed base) and right above your bed is the fire sensor with 2 red flashing lights (not indicating a flat battery). The furnishings appear to be fairly new, as was the carpet which we thought was probably responsible for the odd smell. However, the windows do open sufficiently to give the room a good airing. Also, it's another hotel with a wide gap between the bottom of the room doors and the floors despite there being a hook outside for newspaper delivery.There are ice machines on most floors and, a big plus, machines selling cold bottles of mineral water.The staff were very helpful and pleasant but some of them had very limited English. Suggest you take something to cover the flashing lights &amp; to block the door gap.Well located for the tube, buses and a short taxi ride from Kings Cross Station.	
Sep 5 2005	excellent value	We stayed for 2 nights, great hotel,new and modern with nice rooms, good airconditioning.Breakfast was very good . We had a bar meal one night in the hotel pub which was nice and good value again. 5 mins walk to the angel tube station or the no 38 and 19 bus which takes you through to picadilly circus, takes about 15/20 mins.Would stay again and highly recomend this hotel.	
Jun 7 2005	Great value for the money	We stayed at the Jury's Inn Chelsea early June 2005. We booked through their web site and got a great deal. The rooms were clean and nicely furnished. I would rate this a 4 star. The only problem was location. It quite a walk to the subway. Breakfast downstairs was a little confusing. 9 quid for the continental breakfast and 12 for the complete breakfast with eggs. There were buses nearby but of course you can't use them until you already have a ticket. All things considered even if you take a cab from the subway back to the hotel and visa versa it is still a good value.	
Jun 5 2005	Comfortable and cheap but watch your credit card	We booked this over the internet, had a few moments a check-in with a trainee on the desk, but the room was large and comfortable for my husband, myself and small child. Problems came on checking the credit card bill afterwards - to be found we had been charged twice! (They had booked us into two rooms) - Getting the money back was like pulling teeth but occurred in the end (but with no apology).Would stay there again but would be *very* careful about how many people got to touch our card and check the credit card statement carefully afterwards.	
Apr 4 2005	Worst hotel experience ever	I use hotels extensively and this is the worst experience I have ever had. I turned up on a Saturday evening with my room prepaid to be told there was no room for me as they had overbooked. I could, they said, go to a substandard hotel in a nasty area.That left me, female, with heavy luggage, on a Saturday night, left alone to find accommodation.I would storngly advise against booking because there is no customer service ethos or feeling of responsibility for customers.	
Mar 21 2005 	Islington Jury's Inn	Contrary to previous post, I thought one of the best things about this hotel was the neighborhood it was in. Close to the Angel tube stop, the neighborhood had it's own shops and scene going on, as well as a number of restaurants, pubs, and even a movie theater. A 5 min walk got you transport anywhere and everywhere.Rooms were average, no great shakes, but not awful. And the hotel pub stays open til 1:30, which is not common.	
Mar 18 2005 	Eh....more like a glorified motel	I checked into the jury's inn Islgington for business purposes. The lobby was nice enough (no gourgeous, but basic and nice), but the rooms were like glorified dorm rooms from college - but with prettier color paint on the walls. They were drab and small, very very basic with no ammenities. The bathrooms were the nicest part, but they so drastically didn't match the rest of the room - since the rest of the room was so basic. Was more like a pension than a hotel. The bed was very uncomfortable and small, with sheets that felt like sandpaper. The hotel was loud, with paper thin walls. This was not a hotel that I would pay my own money for, let a lone my company's. I checked out after one night. I later found out that it is not the best part of town. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone who is expecting more than a 2 star hotel. I would compare this to a 2-3 star hotel in the states - not quite a holiday inn, maybe more like a motel with a fancy bathroom.	
Mar 16 2005 	Great business trip	Stayed on a recent business trip, staff very attentive, and the attached pub a nice touch as well. Just a pity no ice machines on the landings	
Mar 10 2005	Great place		
Mar 6 2005	fantastic!!!!		
Nov 9 2004	Comfortable Clean and Friendly (and that's only the reviewer)		
Oct 20 2004	Great Stay		
Sep 25 2004	Very pleasant		
Aug 22 2004	Comfortable clean and pub closes at 1:30am		
Jul 22 2004	Decent hotel in a good location		
Apr 27 2004	Loved it so much!!!!!		
Mar 2 2004	Great rates for a great hotel!		
Aug 23 2003	Excellent central location		
Nov 26 2009	fantastico		
Oct 14 2009 	Tres bon hotel!		
Sep 6 2009 	Buena relación calidad-precio		
Aug 25 2009	Es muy buen hotel		
Aug 20 2009	Divertimento in economia a Londra e un grazie a Mario dagli amici Siciliani!!!		
Aug 19 2009 	un albergo pulito a londra? è possibile		
Aug 15 2009 	super quartier et proche de st pancras		
Aug 14 2009 	Valeur sûr		
Apr 2 2009 	Ottimo sotto tutti i punti di vista		
Jun 20 2008 	Muy recomendable.		
Nov 16 2007 	De lo mejor de la ciudad		
