Nov 25 2009 	Great hotel great location	Top quality hotel by the river and close to all the amenities of central London. Have stayed here for 2-3 weeks spread across various visits and have always come away pleased with the stay.If I had to pick up on two potential downsides - 1) absence of a gym. However if you are a runner, then the hotel is perfectly located for a sight-seeing run past Trafalgar Square, Bucks Palace and Hyde Park. 2) There are sometimes queues for breakfast. The breakfast room is small given the size of the hotel, although I think the problems mainly occur when the hotel is hosting a conference and there are non-resident breakfast guests.But in short - a great hotel, stay here	
Nov 16 2009 	Clean stylish excl. cont. brkfs comfortable room/bed; Front desk can improve on customer service and friendliness	Sign up for freq user via swissotel website prior to stay for benefits.Traveled w/14 yr old daughter. Arrived early on Sun morning and my daughter was ill from plane ride. They were able to get us a room by 10am, several hrs before standard check in which was wonderful and we thanked them for this exceptional benefit. This hotel is primarily used for business travelers. We stayed for seven days/six nights and not until last day were there did we see other teenagers. Bell hops very friendly, hostess very friendly, maids also friendly and efficient. Concierge is hit or miss. Some are very friendly/helpful/pleasant; others are rude and unhelpful. Same with front desk personnel. Food at continental brkfast excellent: fresh and gourmet. If you can get a package that includes it at a discounted rate, it is well worth it. We only had cont. brkf every morning, and one room service dinner which was excellent: hot and quick and reasonable priced. The shampoo/conditioner provided are not good quality so bring your own or buy some. Note that there is a list of items that are available &quot;complimentary&quot; at front desk including electric socket converter if you need one. One big downfall is the lack of a fitness facility. The one they have access to is about six city blocks away , Virgin Fitness; however, after having concierge write up passes for my 14 yr old and me and walking there one evening- we found out that no persons under 18 will be allowed to use it. This is not written in the hotel book in the desk or on the website. This was a big disappointment--especially since most attractions and stores close by 6pm- we were counting on working out at night. Right near many theaters which is nice. Secondly, concierge was not able to assist me properly when asked if he could print out plane boarding passes the night before our departure from Heathrow Airport. Most of the clientelle were staying a few nights. We stayed seven full days, yet, were not greeted by name once. And, except for one bell man, were not greeted at all as we came and went --and you must pass check in each time. This is an area that could be dramatically improved if getting repeat customers is a goal. Would I stay here again? Not sure.	
Nov 2 2009 	Hotel to remember	Stayed on the weekend with my girlfriend. Never heard of the hotel before but I will never forget it now. We had booked a river room and when they say it is a great view, they were not lying.We met some friends for afternoon tea in the hotel and was very suprised. They had cakes made out tin the shape of london landmarks like St Pauls Cathedral and Big Ben.The only down side was the bathroom looked a bit dated.I will definately be coming again and will mention to all my friends.	
Oct 29 2009 	Excellent hotel with great service	Went to London in middle of October this year for a conference, and stayed here for one week. We only booked the courtyard room. While we didn't get upgraded I had to say the room was pretty good. Checking in was a breeze and they offered to do everything for you. Room was of very good size, modern and clean. First time ever we got a coffee machine in the room - its the Nespresso one too. The bathroom was very nice except for the shower bit that doesn't seem to block water from getting out of the tub. They offered something called &quot;turndown service&quot; every day, just that extra little touch for a five star hotel. The reception/concerige was very helpful, when I asked for directions for the China town. There's always someone that greets you. The other big plus for this hotel is its extreme closeness to the Temple tube station - 1 min walk, literally just across the street. And the Thames River is right there too. Temple station is for both district and circle lines. If you can get a good rate, then I would certainly recommend this hotel (I booked through hotelclub and it was very reasonable). Might try to get the river view room as other reviews have suggested.	
Oct 27 2009 	You won't find a better view	My wife and I stayed for a long weekend at the Howard in Mid October 09. We opted for the river view and are glad we did. An absolutely priceless view of the London Eye, Big Ben, Parlaiment and way down to the east the Tower Bridge. It was well worth the extra cost. You get a reduced rate for weekend stay and an additional 20% discount for a stay of 4 days or more. We put our savings into the better room and recommend you do the same.	
Oct 25 2009 	Swissotel London	Ideally situated in the heart of London, it's just a stone's throw away from the parliament buildung, the london eye, the tower bridge etc... However, if you are looking for a hotel with wellness facility, this is definitely the wrong one to choose. Although they have it, it is not in the hotel building itself. You will need to walk another 5 minutes (if I recalled correctly) in order to get there. Other than that, the view from the room, their restaurant, bar, customer service etc., was overall a great experience.	
Oct 20 2009 	The staff were so friendly...	The hotel was in a great location, with thetube station right on the doorstep. The rooms were great, as it was my partners birthday I made a request any additional hospitality would be appreciated. They hotel, upgraded our room and also ordered a fruit basket, which I thought was extremly thoughtful. Great stay!	
Oct 19 2009 	Loved it Loved it LOVED IT!	I stayed in the Swissotel the Howard with my partner for a 2 night anniversary stay in October. I had read some negative reviews previously to me going... But I can honestly say its probably one of the best hotels I have stayed in!Its literally a 30 second walk from Temple underground which was great!We arrived at the hotel at about 1pm in the afternoon, We had been upgraded to a River View room which was fab! Room wasn't quite ready but that wasnt a problem. They took our bags and we left for some late lunch.When we returned to our room we had a free bottle of champagne and chocolates which was great! Bags were delived to our room within 10 minutes too.Rooms were cleaned/prepared twice a day. We even had little Toblerone Choc's each night free on our bed.We had already booked our Breakfast which was a little costly at £23pp but it was lovely! So much Choice! We even had Room Service one morning which was very quick and efficient! Loved It!Although I must admit, the building does look rather ugly from the outside, But so do most of the older buildings in London. The inside most certainly makes up for it.We were also on the 4th fllor, There is absolutely no traffic noise at all. Brilliant.We didn't use the Wi-Fi / Phone in room as I was aware of the high prices. But I didn't go to London to keep up with Facebook and I had my mobile! :oDPrices in the bar again were a little steep. Spirits £7.00 and Beer (Half Pint) £3.50'ish.I read another review previously with regards to the staff on the Desk not having a clue about tourist attractions and times etc for these... I never had any problems. They all got it spot on for me when I asked about Places, Tourist attraction times and which Tubes stops I needed etc.In all, The decor, the service, the food... Everything was 110% and I loved it.I will also point out that I am a Travel Agent myself and I know what to look for in a holiday... This hotel is great. When I do return to london, I will stay in the Swissotel the Howard.Thanks again for making our stay special :o)	
Oct 15 2009 	All fur coat and no knickers...	You can't fault the location of the Swissotel. Overlooking the Thames, close to Covent Garden, ideal for a short break.The public areas are very nice. Two bars, one contemporary, one more traditional. Although the staff were pleasant, they seemed to be few and far between. Our request for oysters (which were on the lounge menu) was met with confusion, but when we finally got them they were delicious.Had booked a table in the restaurant but decided against it. The space is actually quite boring with no atmosphere, so we decided to go elsewhere.The biggest disappointment is the bedrooms. They are small and dated. The 'courtyard' view from the rooms at the rear is questionable because unless you pressed your nose up against the window and looked down to the courtyard, you are looking at office blocks on all three sides.Plus points of the bedrooms...really only the coffee machine to be honest.Still, we only paid £100.00 for the room, I suppose we got what we paid for. But as five star hotels go...uninspiring and needs a few quid spent on the bedrooms.	
Oct 14 2009 	Fees fees fees...this Hotel Nickle and dimes its guests	A clean, convenient hotel, right along the river Thames (albeit an ugly building). Trendy restaurant /bar on the ground floor. I want to recommend the hotel; however, I was extremely disappointed by the massive fees applied to guests for routine services. For example local calls were charged at 2 pounds plus per minute, all internet fees are outrageously high, including the wireless. The business center fees are laughably high. It is so sad because this hotel is not cheap, yet it tries to squeeze you on the necessities once you're in the door.	
Oct 8 2009 	A lush hotel centrally located in London	My husband and I stayed at the Swissotel the Howard because of its location. It was perfect for us because we could walk to many of the attractions from the hotel. This was key because we knew that taxi ride would cost us a pretty penny and the fact that I was 6 months prenant at the time. The hotel room was spacious for a European hotel room. It was very modern and we loved everything about it.	
Oct 5 2009 	I don't understand the rave reviews for this hotel. It's just ok.	I'm confused by the ratings people awarded this hotel. We went in August 2009. It was OK but certainly, certainly not a 5-star. More like a decent Holiday Inn or old Marriott than the plush luxury we expected. On the plus side: great location, clean rooms and free entrance to the Virgin gym 3 blocks away. On the minus: small rooms (and yes - I know European rooms run small but still), terrible concierge and they charge extra for literally everything: morning coffee in the lounge, wifi, room with a view (they had availability). Everything. Regarding the concierge / staff: not friendly and we asked 4 or 5 questions over a week-long stay and they literally got every one of them wrong including recommending a restaurant on Sunday that was closed on Sundays, poor directions, misinformation, etc. It's not bad (hence the 3 stars) but don't expect a 5-star. I'd recommend it because of the location but with lower expectations than I had from the rest of the reviews.	
Oct 1 2009 	Great River Views and Superb Service	We have just completed another stay at The Howard. Its biggest selling feature has to be the view of the Thames ( you must specify a river view room) but this is backed by a fine restaurant and first class service. The location is great for walks along the river and for theatres and opera houses. It is near to Covent Garden but perhaps slightly less convenient if your main aim is shopping. The room decor is a little faded but the towels etoletries etc are all good. There is a fine Restaurant specialising in British ( not Swiss food) the 3 course lunch for £19 is a bargain much more so than the breakfast at £23 the quality isundoubtedly high but unless you have breakfast included in your rate there are pubs and cafes nearby where you can get the full artery clogging English for a fiver.The other downside of the restaurant is that there is a covered garden area immediately adjacent which is currently undergoing transformation to a Swiss Chalet for Xmas parties. We just mentioned in passing that the end of our lunch had been slightly marred bythe noise of hammering and sawing from this area and were surprised and delighted next day to have bottle of champagne delivered to our room with the managers apologies. The only other downside was the ridiculously high £15 per day charge for using the internet and this applies from 12pm to 12pm and not for each 24 hour period. So if you first log on late at night you have to pay again the next day Even if you aren't on business internet access is important these days for looking up theatres and restaurants and its time Swissotel copied hotels in the USA and even Europe in either giving free internet or making a more reasonable charge.	
Sep 26 2009 	returning customer.... and will return again	Stayed one night on our last trip to London. Have stayed here many times before as it is a great location for covent garden - close to Temple Tube on district/circle line. We were in a 9th floor terrace suite and we were given a corner suite which meant we had a really large outdoor space with 2 comfortable chairs, a lounger, and a large dining table and seating. Wonderful views over the Thames. Lovely to sit outside in the morning in the sunshine and enjoy a coffee (coffee machine in room) and watch and listen to bustle of London below. Continental Breakfast was included in our rate which was perfectly adequate. Other than breakfast we didn't eat at the hotel as we were having dinner not far away in Covent Garden (Clos Maggiore - which was very good). It is very popular as a business hotel but noticed this time at breakfast that there were a lot of non business travellers too.Will definitely stay here again.	
Sep 24 2009 	A returning customer - disappointed	I had booked 4 rooms for one night for a small birthday gathering with friends having stayed there 3 times at least before with my wife. On checkin they asked if I had stayed there before.... We had 4 lovely rooms having been upgraded to higher floor rooms with river view. During the Saturday afternoon some of us decided to go the local Virgin health club (Strand) and collected vouchers from reception - on arrival we discovered we had wasted out time as the club closes early on weekends - most disappointing; the staff should have known this....Blanco and team looked after us well in the main bar where enjoyed wine and cocktails before going out for dinner.Relaxed on Sunday so didn't take bkeakfast although have done so on a previous stay. Instead 6 of us went out for brunch locally before heading home.A bit annoyed that having arranged to settle everyone's bills the rate they were paying was shown on their checkin cards - not clever.Overall should have been better so left a little disappointed that the staff were a little below par. Went to Swissotel Zurich twice the week before and they were much better, very friendly and helpful.	
Sep 17 2009 	Loved it	Beautiful hotel, service was friendly, overpriced mini-fridge but as expected. Loved the room, great veiw from balcony.	
Sep 15 2009 	Nice hotel great location mixed service	We stayed at the Swissotel for 5 nights while travelling on business. Overall the experience was very good. The rooms were great - big, clean, comfortable. The location was fantastic for us - right next to the Temple underground station, which made it easy for us to get where we wanted to. We had some very good service and some very average service - not sure whether it was our travel agent's doing or the hotel's but they didn't have our booking when we turned up (claimed our travel agent had cancelled it). All was resolved quickly with free room upgrades so can't complain. Experience with the concierge was not good - they provided incorrect travel advice on two occassions which could have been costly if I hadn't double checked. The rates weren't cheap, but not too bad for what was offered.	
Sep 14 2009 	very disappointed with Swiss Howard	We stayed at this hotel for one night only. We had been booked as part of a large party for a wedding. When we arrived Reception staff were rude and unhelpful, basically there was no booking under our name and they didn't want to know! After we asked and established that there were rooms still available, they reluctantly booked us in as part of the wedding party. Usually in a 5 star you would expect someone to offer to help with bags etc, but nothing was offered. The location is the best thing about this hotel with Temple tube station across the road and marvellous views of the river. Rooms are clean but nothing special. The most embarrassing thing by far was checking out the following morning, when we had to argue with the receptionist for the agreed wedding rate that was promised as part of the wedding party. They even tried to charge us more for the river view, which we never asked for! Eventually the receptionist said &quot;Whatever&quot; and gave us the pre-agreed wedding rate. When you check into a 5 star hotel, you expect a certain level of service which is sorely lacking at this hotel. A huge disappointment.	
Sep 12 2009 	very chic	Nicest hotel that I've stayed in Europe.Went with family and managed to get a room, very nice with free espresso coffee in room. The toilet was very nice and the bed was very comfortable. In fact it was very posh.Location was great, just off a metro! Also walking distance to Tate Modern and other places of interest. Very near Kings College London university actually.Staff were friendly. Surprisingly they were not British. I think i met a Spaniard and a French lass but no English when dealing with the counter.	
Sep 6 2009 	Well located and the view to the river is outstanding(if you have one...)	I stood with the Howard 3rd-4t Sep 2009 with a group of 20 in total.This is one of the few London hotels were the outsite impression is worse then the inside. (normally find this the oher way round). Indeed the hotel provides what you can expect from a 5star one but what really makes the difference is the Patio inside and the wonderfull view from the rooms that have river view. Spectacular ! It is located just opposite the London Eye near by all things you want to see. Indeed its worth going there even they do the same mistakes like many others in this category by e.g. charging you with 10 GBP for 1h Internet use(...) All in all my best experiance in London (in comparison to the Ritz, Savoy or Hyatt the Churchill)	
Sep 3 2009 	WOW- what a pleasant surprise!	It's not that we were expecting anything ordinary, as the other reviews are obviously generally positive but its great when you actually score the type of hotel that you hope. * We had a river view room so the views to the London Eye and down to Big Ben were great!* The room was very nice and clean, and the espresso machine was a good bonus* Location was really centralOnly possible neagative was that we didn't eat in the hotel as we were put off by the pretty excessive prices that we saw in the menuI'd definitely recommend this hotel to others and we will stay here again	
Sep 2 2009 	The view just can't be beat.	There are a lot of hotels in London that face noisy, busy streets but this is not one of them. Located just off the Victoria Embankment on a little street, we heard very little traffic noise. What we did get though, was an incredible view of the Parliament buildings/ London Eye and looking the other way on a beautiful clear sunny morning, an incredible view of the Tower Bridge. I just don't think there is a hotel in London that can compete with that view. As other people have reviewed, the rooms are nice and clean and well appointed, but I wanted to point out that this would be a terrific hotel to stay at if you have pre-booked Lion King tickets as this is just a short 3 - 5 minute walk away to the Lyceum Theatre. It's also a terrific location as it's directly across the street from the tube station. We took the double decker hop on/off tour bus, which I would highly recommend to anyone wanting to visit the tourist locations, and you can buy your tickets through the concierge at the hotel. The hotel is directly between two of the drop off points, so you will only have a five minute walk in either direction should you choose to tour London this way.I would definitely stay at this hotel again when I go back to London.	
Aug 19 2009 	Delightful staff great views good facilities but high WiFi charge - why?	Overall a very pleasant weekend stay. The building is modern, by the Thames, and river-facing rooms have great views. The location is excellent, as it's close to Covent Garden, the Strand, and the City of London, with the National Theatre and other South Bank arts' centres and restaurants just minutes away across Waterloo Bridge. Rooms and bathrooms are a good size, with neutral decor, and the tea/coffee in-room facilities include a Lavazza machine producing delicious expresso. The bar and restaurant look attractive, but we preferred to eat out. Best thing about the hotel though is the staff, who are genuinely friendly and helpful. The worst, is the charge of £15.00 for WiFi 'from 12.00 to 12.00'. When so many small hotels readily provide free WiFi to guests, I fail to see how an expensive international chain like this, can possibly justify any charge, let alone such a high amount for limited time. Sadly I probably won't return for that reason.Also why I've given it 3, rather than 4 stars.	
Aug 12 2009 	Excellent stay	We arrived early so the room wasn't yet ready but they were happy to keep our luggage in store whilst we went out and about.Upon our return we were informed that we had been given an upgrade to a Crest room on the 8th floor with views over the Thames.The room was extremely clean, tidy and well presented.Bathroom facilities were very good, clean, fresh and no sign of broken tiles or mould.Air conditioning worked very well and not noisy.The views across London and down the Thames were spectacular.I would have no hesitation in returning the next time I return to London.Full English Breakfast was £23 per person, we didn't eat there but instead went to the Victoria Embankment Gardens where there is a cafe that does an early bird breakfast for £5 excellent value and very pleasant surroundings.	
Aug 12 2009 	Good hotel will return	I stayed here for three nights while working long hours locally. Although in my experience I wouldn't consider it a five star hotel, it was a very comfortable four star with good facilities and a great location. Every member of staff I encountered was unfailingly friendly, cheerful and competent. The hotel is on the south face of an otherwise empty office complex about a ten minute walk from Covent Garden. My room was 505, a non-river view corner room where the view from the main window was the vacant concrete office building next door. The view from the side window was better, with the Thames and Oxo tower just about visible. The room was large by London standards, although the desk and TV were a little smaller than an average. The room service was particularly good; food arrived quickly and was of high quality, although expect to pay normal London room service prices, about £30 for a great burger / fries etc + cheesecake and soft drink. I will definitely return, and would much rather stay here than at the Radisson in Seven Dials for example, or the Marriott at County Hall.	
Aug 6 2009 	Amazing Location Incredible View Friendly and professional staff - Perfect vacation!	My wife and I are finishing up an 8 night stay at the Swissotel - The Howard. The stay was very enjoyable. I've been to London many times over the past several years but this was the first time my wife has been to London.We booked a grand suite and it was really great! The view has to be one of the best views of any hotel in London. Our suite was on the 8th floor and it overlooked the Thames River. From the bed we could see the London Eye, Big Ben, and Houses of Parliament. The view both day and night were amazing!We flew all night from Buenos Aires (via Sao Paulo) and we arrived very early in the morning. Normal check-in is usually 3 PM but they told us that they would try to arrange for us to check in as soon as possible. The very polite girl at the front desk asked if I had a cellphone number. I gave her my USA cellphone and she called me a few hours later when the room was ready. We left several bags with the concierge and went to go have breakfast. We had several bags as we are on a 1.5 month trip throughout Europe.When we arrived to our room you could see the amazing view right away. It was spectacular. The room was large by USA standards and HUGE by European standards. The room had a king size bed, a living room area with sofa, a desk area, a bar area with the mini-fridge, a very spacious bathroom with separate bathtub and shower. The shower was great and had really strong shower pressure. The sink area had double his and hers sinks. The suite also had a nice sized terrace that overlooked the River. It was great and we used it daily. The room had nice black out blinds that completely blocked out the sun. It also had sound proof windows so the room was TOTALLY silent. The room had a small TV with a few channels but not too many. The room also came with an expresso machine as well as an electric teapot/kettle that came in handy. The room also had a pretty good sized electronic safe that was essential for us. Wireless internet access is available which I used daily. The charge is £15 (us $ 26) per day so that can add up if you are staying a while but most hotels in London charge a hefty fee for internet access. The concierge was great making dinner reservations for us several times throughout the stay. The staff in the hotel was really friendly throughout our stay. The maids did a great job daily. We also ordered room service twice. One time after a long day of sightseeing we were too exhausted to go out. The food was great and service was fast. Also, one morning we ordered room service and the food was fresh and good although like with most hotels in London room service is relatively expensive. Most mornings we had breakfast near Trafalgar Square.One of the best things about the hotel is the amazing location. It couldn't be more convenient and I'd highly recommend it. Many of the touristy places are really close. The London Eye, Houses of Parliament, Big Ben, Trafalgar Square, and Leicester Square are all just a few minutes' walk from the hotel. The Temple subway station is literally just across the street which made it so convenient. We were traveling with our 1 year old baby and they had a baby crib all set up for her and they had a nice touch of including a small teddy bear which she enjoyed. We had the nice tea service one afternoon downstairs in the restaurant and it was great. It came with nice sandwiches, dessert try and an amazing plate of cookies all decorated with the major tourist locations. It was really beautiful and yummy! I forgot to mention the first night they had a bottle of wine in the room and each night they included a few bottles of bottled water. I'm not sure how the normal rooms are but this suite we booked was really great. Definitely if you come here request a Riverview room. Architecturally the building isn't anything special compared to some older hotels but the view was simply breathtaking. I'd highly recommend the hotel for all the reasons I mentioned and I'd consider it again for another stay.Typically when I'm in London I always try to book a new hotel so I can get to know them. But definitely I'm sure I'd stay here again and would stay in this same room. Kudos to the staff.	
Jul 29 2009 	An absolute gem	I stayed here for one night, booked in by my company, and was delighted with this hotel from the moment I walked in to the moment I left. My room was gorgeous with amazing London views (I strongly recommend you request a river facing room if visiting). I left my room in a complete mess as I had to rush in and out and housekeeping had tidied my room properly by the time I returned. Dinner in the restaurant was faultless, service friendly and warm, I felt really looked after and will definitely return for a leisure visit.	
Jul 26 2009 	Great Location; Friendly Staff	I highly reccommend this hotel; at least at the great rate we got. The room was clean &amp; spacious. Best concierge ever! We arrrived early in the day and were able to leave our bags in the complimentary luggage room while we toured the city (and also left it for the day after checkout). They even let us access it during the day and then took it back to storage. It was in a pretty nice neighborhood just up from the Thames, and the tube stop was right across the street. The afternoon service at the bar was wanting, but dining is not high on my list of reasons to choose a hotel. I'd stay here again if I make it back to London.	
Jul 25 2009 	Pretty Good Overall	The Howard was a fine place to stay for my Christmas Holidays in 2006. It was right on the Circle Line, across the street from the Temple tube stop, and perhaps a half mile from Trafalgar Square. My only complaints are that the food was terribly expensive and they did not serve any food at all on Christmas. Otherwise, the room was quite nice.	
Jul 17 2009 	Great hotel	Hotel was very good, not 5 stars perhaps, but good anyway. Loacation was great, near the Temple tube-station and very easy to walk everywhere as well, Covend Garde iss very near there. Our room had a view to the Thames, thus we reserved rooms with gardenview! Our room was big, not small at all as in London usually they are. I really recommend this hote.	
Jul 16 2009 	Excellent Hotel	I was in London to do some tennis recruitng for my university and take in a day at Wimbledon. The Swissotel was an excellent choice as a place to stay because of it's ;ocation to the Temple underground station and proxcimity to the city. Just a walk away from the theater district and Civent garden and right on the river. Great views.The staff was great..helpful and knew what they were talking about. I travel a great deal and too often the staff will give advice which isn't the best. These guys were good and accurate.It might cost a little more..but you get what you pay for and this place delivers. I would stay there again.	
Jul 3 2009 	An awful experience	I booked and paid in advance for three rooms on a bed and breakfast basis at the Swiss Hotel Howard so that we could stay in London with friends after a concert. This followed the recommendation of my wife who stayed at the hotel some ten years ago and found it at the time very impressive.The weather was extremely hot, hence our turning up in shorts and T-Shirts (ready for the concert). This proved to be a mistake as the reception staff clearly thought that we had just blown in off the street and instantly took a dislike to us, looking us up and down and talking down their noses to us.Once they were shown the booking confirmation, they perked up a little and allocated us to our rooms. One of the three rooms was not ready at 1330hrs, forcing our friends to wash and store their luggage in ours until their return later that evening. Furthermore, no member of staff directed us to our rooms, offered to carry our luggage or indeed explained the layout of the hotel. Not a good start for what is supposed to be a five star hotel.Once in the room, we found that the hairdryer was broken and the advertised coffee machine was absent. The décor was somewhat worn and the furniture was akin to that of an Ikea flat pack. The bathroom was very dated with marble panelling on the floor and walls. The shower lacked a thermostat and sprayed out all the place due to the cracks and leaks in the shower head. The bathroom also lacked the complimentary lotions and potions one would expect of a five star hotel. On a good point the view from the window was excellent.Upon leaving the hotel for the concert, I requested a coffee machine and identified the problems with the room to reception. I was satisfied to see on our return that a machine had been installed; however none of the other aforementioned problems had been resolved.The following morning after a very good nights sleep in the huge comfy queen sized bed, I found that the newly installed coffee machine wasn’t working. I called reception and a member of staff promptly arrived to turn the machine off and on again. Needless to say that after the recommended fifteen minutes, the machine still didn’t work. A further call to reception and half an hour later another member of staff arrived to tell us that the machine was broken. It was pointed out that no coffee was present and this soon ratified the problem. A lukewarm cup of coffee then ensued. The cleaner then decided at 0845hrs that it was a good time to walk into the room and begin her duties. She was promptly ejected!We all then progressed to the breakfast room, to be told that we were only to get a continental breakfast despite our paying for full breakfasts. After some dispute and having to show the booking confirmation to staff, our cooked breakfasts arrived and very good they were too. Nevertheless, following this dispute the reception staff tried to charge us again for the full breakfasts when we checked out and once again I had to show the booking confirmation. Despite this proof of purchase, the receptionist insisted she contact the booking agents to check our claim as she didn’t believe us. She then took a copy of the confirmation so that she could ‘make sure it doesn’t happen again’. I found this to be very embarrassing.Needless to say, we found the Swiss Hotel Howard to be a great disappointment. With no fitness suite, poor service and poorly maintained and decorated rooms, I struggle to see how this hotel could ever deserve Five Stars and I have to say I have stayed in much better three stars. Indeed, three stars is all I would award this inhospitable tatty hotel.	
Jun 21 2009 	Great Location with a great view. Pricey.	We stayed here for 6 nights on a recent trip. We had a riverview room and we were very happy with it. We could see the London eye, Westminster abbey and big ben from there. The coffee machine was good as well and they replaced the pods quite regularly. The airconditioner was noisy and there was a smell of dead rats in the revolving doors at the entrance. We didn't eat in the hotel at all so can't comment on that. The hotel is right in front of Temple Underground and is within walking distance of St. Paul's, Westminster Abbey, Trafalgar Square, Covent Garden, Picadilly, etc. Overall a good experience.	
Jun 19 2009 	Avoid - Not a 5 Star	We stayed here for two night and were hugely disappointed. How it is graded a 5* I don't know - the rooms were dark, dismal and sad looking and there was a terrible smell of drains in the reception and corridor throughout the time we were there. Breakfast was ok and the waiting staff attentive but overall the hotel lacked any life - it was like it was waiting to close down. I was so disappointed as this was our 'holiday' this year - thank goodness I had a fairly good price. If I'd paid the going rate I would have complained. I really could not recomend this hotel to anyone - there are far better ones around in an equally good location.	
Jun 11 2009 	shocker	from the surly unhelpful front desk to the jumpy, on edge restaurant staff,this hotel was a complete disappointment.THE GARDEN ROOMS overlooked concrete blocks on either side and gave thefeeling of a prison block.At the front desk every thing was an effort !! airconditioners were noisy andnot always operating..the whole hotel gave the feeling it was about to change hands or fold...dreadfulatmosphere.. avoid	
May 26 2009 	not a 5 star hotel	ive stayed in 4 star hotels and 3 star and i would say the rooms are better. not a problem with the saff all very nice,but to have to look at a building site and not the eye was poor,as the state. also the breakfast was not that good.	
May 21 2009 	A great hotel and excellent Service	My wife and I stayed at the Howard on the 15th May for 2 nights. We normally stay at the Hilton on Park Lane, but decided to stay somewhere different, for a change. From when we arrived the staff were very helpful from taking my car to the car park, and check in was swift with our room ready at 1-30. We booked a Premier River View room which had great views of the London Eye, Houses of Parliment Etc. The breakfast was cooked to order and the choices of cereal, fresh fruit etc were excellent. The hotel is close to Covent Garden and the various Theatres, and the staff were very friendly and helpful during our stay and we will stay again I am sure.	
May 18 2009 	Fantastic Hotel Lovely Staff 	Myself and my Fiance stayed here over three nights. We managed to find ourselves a fantastic deal on lastminute and paid little over £300 for our 3 night stay.The Swissotel is absolutley fantasticly located, there is a tube station literally across the road from the hotel entrance and Westminister and Buckingham Palace, along with Soho and Covent Gardens are all well within a 20 minute walk (especially Covent Gardens, it's practically in the back garden!).First impressions outside were moderate - but the interior of the hotel was something to be admired. Marbelised pillars, interesting lights, shiny floors and patchwork seats all contribute to a very luxurious and contemporary feel.Before arriving at the hotel, my Fiance emailed the concierge and advised him that our trip was in aid of celebrating our anniversary and &quot;any extra hospitality would be greatly appreciated&quot;. Disappointed we were not when we were greated by a personalised card, a small bunch of flowers and a tray of chocolates! The room was very nicely decorated, though perhaps lacked a bit of imagination. The coffee machine went down a treat come 8am after a night enjoying cocktails and the view was fantastic - especially seeing as we could watch a half marathon being run from our window on Sunday morning and enjoy the views of the London eye and other buildings on the Thames from our window. The bathroom was also decorated nicely, with a huge provision of luxurious swiss toiletries. The only down point of our bathroom was that the shower was over the bath, and not a stand alone one. Overall though the room was very spacious, had a large desk, television, small table and 2 chairs.The drinks served in the bar were lovely (though expensive, but I still felt comfortable with the cost given the quality). The barman was very nice and made polite conversation and also offered to take pictures. The staff were very lovely indeed and seemed to go out of their way to ensure an extremley high standard of service. One evening we requested that the reception organise a taxi for us and the concierge literally went out to the street to flag one down! We were blown away by the staff's motivation to do all they could for us. Unfortunately cannot comment on the food as we never booked for breakfast or for dinner. However, the Toblerones on our pillows as a part of the turn-down service along with weather forecast cards went down a treat!Overall the hotel was decorated lovely, nothing shabby or old fashioned about it at all (as you so frequently find in British Hotels). It was fantasticly located for theatre trips, general sightseeing and the tube is on the doorstep to get around to places less central.	
May 8 2009 	Fantastic service	We stayed at the Howard for the 2 nights before and after the London Marathon, and were pleasantly surprised at the easy journey from outer London , as the hotel is located just a minute from Temple station. It is a very nice hotel so I'm sorry to give some bad points first. I was not impressed with the room we were given, which was facing a brick wall - however we could see the London Eye and Big Ben if we looked sideways. The room was okay, but I would not have liked to stay there too long - it did however have a lovely comfy chair and footstool, so often lacking in bigger hotels. I felt the decoration was a little dated and the carpet had seen better days. I found it a bit off-putting that one of the cushions on the bed was covered in staines, but managed to hide it away in the wardrobe so it was not put back on the bed.Having given all the down points now to the good ones. Room service was fantastic, the best I have ever encountered. The food arrived exactly when it was promised, there was lots of it and it was good and well presented and brought by a smiling assistant. It was also collected almost straight away on request when we had finished. The staff called us by name, which also is lacking in bigger hotels, and were absolutely excellent - we could not fault them at all. We used the bar for drinks and food, with the same good service and breakfast (included in the price) was very good. When I could not work the heating system I requested help and an assistant arrived very quickly to deal with it. He also told me to ring him if the room had not heated up in half an hour, in which case they would move us to another room. Fortunately it soon warmed up.I know other reviewers have mentioned the hotel's good position for the theatres, and I'd also add that the hotel is an excellent choice on Marathon day, being it an easy walk from Horseguards, the family meeting area! All in all a good choice.	
May 5 2009 	Poor restaurant service and breakfast.	I had high expectations of The Howard, having stayed in the Swissotel in Berlin on two previous occasions and been very impressed. I had a recommendation from a personal friend and had also been impressed with previous reviews on Tripadvisor. The room I had was excellent, but the overall experience was marred by poor service in the restaurant at breakfast each of two days that I stayed there. On the first day I ordered a cooked breakfast, encouraged by the fact that it came cooked to order and not from a hot buffet. After a wait of 30 minutes, and a reminder, I was served with a plate of soggy bacon, which might as well have come from a buffet and had certainly not been cooked to order! Not surprisingly the second day I opted for the continental buffett, which was better, but did not offer the range of food I would exepct from a 5 star hotel.	
May 1 2009 	Not a 5* Hotel	This is a nice hotel, but the 5* rating it gives itself is, in my opinion, not warranted. Views and location are 5* but the hotel itself is expensive and a little dated. Additionally I was given a room right next to the building site next door and was woken early by the noise. It was a Sunday night, so the hotel would not have been fully occupied - why use this room? If you go, avoid room 220 at all costs!	
Apr 26 2009	SUPER HOTEL: HOME FROM HOME ! CAN ONLY RECOMMEND	Just stayed for the Easter Holidays at the Swissotel London and we were really suprised. We had a big spacious room with a view over London and the River... it was like being in the London Eye... we nearly had the same view from our Hotel room - just perfect. You can nearly walk mosts of the interesting points of London from the Hotel.The rooms are very modern and fresh - it was again just perfect.We love it and will stay there again for sure when we travel the next time to London.	
Apr 19 2009 	Wonderful hotel	Just had a weekend at the Howard and it was fantastic. We had a grand river view room with a balcony which was fabulous, all the staff at the hotel who we came into contact with were very pleasant and made us feel very welcome, we could not fault this hotel at all and can't wait to return.	
Apr 15 2009 	Fabulous hotel with wonderful views very close to Theatreland	Excellent hotel -fantastic food - wonderful staff - fabulous location plus a river view room with an enormous balcony. The hotel was spotless and our room very modern and comfortable with a vast bed. Would recommend this to anyone, but especially those who are going to the theatre. Just a quick walk and you are near to many of the venues. Will definitely be staying at this hotel again!	
Apr 13 2009 	Excellent hotel excellent staff and a great location for shopping and sightseeing..	I recently spent 3 nights in The Howard with my wife and we were very impressed with the overall experience. Excellent location, right beside Temple tube station and 5/7 minutes walk to Covent Garden. Our Riverview room was spotlessly clean and the view over the Thames was really good particularly when lit up at night. OXO Tower, St. Pauls, Big Ben and London Eye all clearly in view from our room. Staff were superb form the moment we checked in to when we checked out. Staff at reception were very attentive and Concierge was very helpful with restaurant booking and directions. Staff in the restaurant were top class, very friendly while been very efficient at their jobs. We had dinner in-house the 1st night which was served in a very elegant dining room. We simply could not fault the food which we felt was certainly up to Michelin standards and indeed considerably better than some of the Michelin Star restaurants we have eaten in. Breakfast was also served in this dinning room in the mornings and again all the staff were extremely friendly while been very professional and very attentive. Our package included continental breakfast which was more than adequate to set us up for the day. An excellent array of cereals, fresh fruit, juices etc to start off with was 1st class. To follow a fine selection of choice meats, cheeses and smoked fish to choose from. Very high quality danish and surprisingly good house coffee to finish off a really good continental breakfast each morning. Having stayed in a number of 5* star hotels, this continental breakfast was one of the best and would put Claridges to shame.The Howard is a very relaxing hotel to enjoy a leisurely few days, everything is so relaxing and calm - reminded me a bit of 'far from the madding crowd' and yet so centrally located. We had booked 2 shows -The Lion King which was literally 7 mins of a pleasant walk to the Lyceum Theatre in Covent Garden and Billy Elliot at the Victoria Palace which was a short hop from Temple tube right outside the hotel to Victoria tube station which was no more than 100m to the theatre. When we came back from Billy Elliot we decided to order some food on room service and it was excatly what we wanted, good quality food served in a professional manner.Overall, we had a very pleasant stay and no surprises on our bill when checking out something that I have found to my cost in other 5* hotels where extra fees, taxes and charges seem to pop up all too regular. Would we go back -definitely, a resounding YES.	
Apr 9 2009 	Fantastic location with iconic views.	The only reason to stay in this hotel is for the fantastic views over the river. We could see the Houses of Parliament, the London Eye and London Bridge from our room. It is also very close to the tube station and Covent Garden.	
Apr 4 2009 	Excellent location on the river close to Covent Garden	Smart lobby and bar area. Our deluxe room was comfortable and had everything we needed but could maybe do with a little smartening up and room felt chilly. Tried to turn air con off but we were still cold in our bed overnight. Also bed felt a little bit hard. Not as comfortable as other 5 star hotels we have stayed in. Excellent location right on the river and very close to Covent Garden.	
Mar 30 2009 	weekend in london	On a weekend break with husband, brother-in-law and sister-in-law. Booked a winter saver break £112 + vat for the 1st night and £128 + vat for the 2nd night. Arrived lunchtime and although the rooms were not ready, they let us store our luggage until later. They let us check in and we requested express check-out. Rooms were on the 5th floor - 506 and 507. Rooms were quite roomy, clean and good amenities - bed was massive and comfortable. Mini bar, safe and complimentary coffee machines in rooms. Nice marble bathrooms and hot, strong showers. The best thing about this hotel though is the views from the rooms - we could see from Houses of Parliament through to St Paul's Cathedral. On the go for the whole weekend, so didn't get to use the public areas or the bars/ restaurants but all looked lovely and clean. If you can get a good deal as we did, then I would recommend this hotel, without a deal it can be pricey.	
Mar 28 2009 	Great views at superd value!	My husband had not visited London for 17 years while for me, its been only 2 years since my mum and I had been on a day trip from Paris via Eurostar. Had wanted to choose a London hotel with the River Thames view, and after spending two nights at The Howard, we clearly made the right choice!Don't get me wrong, this is not a luxurious nor opulent hotel, much unlike the Ritz where we had afternoon tea and The Dorchester, where we stayed another two nights after The Howard. However, its location, views and value - simply cannot be beat!Paid an average weekend rate of 170 pounds with full English breakfasts, this is indeed a steal in downtown London!!! Although the Premier river view room we were being assigned to was not huge, it was certainly adequate for a short stay. Other than the dreamy views of the London icons, the room offers free tea/coffee, coffee maker, iron &amp; ironing board, and a very huge and comfy bed. Situated in front of two busy roads on the Embankment, there was some road noise during the day. However, it was very quiet for a good 10 hours sleep after a tiring 13 hours flight from Singapore into London! Very contended indeed. The next wow factor of this hotel has to be its location, right in front of the tube station, Temple. We are normally taxi peoples, however, the London traffic is horrific at times with the narrow roads and heavy traffic. Thus, we found ourselves buying the daily tube ticket, and ride all over London with ease and saved alot of precious time!Last but not the least, we found its breakfast room very classy and elegant, with views to a beautifully laid out courtyard - with cuscading waterfall, manicured plants and all. Buffet breakfasts was both good in choice and quality. However, to our amazement, we were offered an ''English full breakast&quot; unexpectedly - a plate of cooked to order omelete and yummy mushrooms and sausages! This is very delicious and filling, leaving us with little space for lunch ....Now, the not-so-goods about this hotel - 1. the area right outside the bathroom, near the coffee maker, is EXTREMELY SLIPPERY! We almost fell on its wooden floors on a few occasions ...2. the bathtub was a tad narrow for our liking3. the room was a tad small, but not overly so, definitely bigger than rooms in Paris and Venice ...4. room to room sound insulation isn't that good Overall, for the price we had paid during the weekends, definitely no complaints. Would consider this hotel again whenever in London since it is so close to the start of West End theatres, Covent Garden and Temple tube. Superb views, great breakasts, friendly staff, affordable prices - what more can you ask? After two blissful nights here, we stayed another two nights at the famed The Dorchester (do read my other review) - also no regrets there.	
Mar 19 2009 	Opulent city pad	Where the City meets the West End on the Thames, and dominating this part of the waterfront, stands the Howard. A rather ugly, functional building from the outside, is an opulent retreat on the inside. There is a luxurious cocktail lounge and bar off a gorgeous marble lobby. The view from our room (over the Thames, Parliament to the right, St Paul's to the left) was fantastic. Our room also had an espresso machine, plush furniture and comfortable king sized bed. Best of all, on demand, the reception desk produced a pair of wax earplugs for us! That's discernment! However, at £22 a head, we had breakfast out.	
Mar 1 2009 	Soooo expensive	My wife and I stayed in this hotel in Feb 2009 whilst meeting clients for a night on the town. The location is excellant close to the theatre area, Covent garden and with a tube stop on the door step. The room was clean and comfortable and large, although looking a little worn and dated. The bathroom was well equiped although the WC was so close to the wall it was not easy to use. Despite the aircon being turned off the room was incredibly cold and the duvet very thin so it wasnt the most comfortable nights sleep. There is a decent coffee and tea making facility which came in handy in the morning as our pre-ordered breakfast failed to materialise. So a call to room service a quick complaint and it finally turned up about 40minutes late. On a Saturday spent relaxing this is not a problem but would become a major issue during the working week. Everything from room service to drinks in the bar are really over priced, to an excessive point. Normally the mini bar is premium and the main hotel bar a cheaper alternative, but not here. When arriving the doorman advised there was complimentary valet parking, which to me means free but on checkout the valet part was complimentary the charge was 37 pounds !!!! 'Overall a bad hotel, tjust one hat could do with some improvements and a total re-think on pricing	
Feb 19 2009 	Excellent location amazing views	My partner was attending a business event and was booked into room 310, (a Premier river view room) and despite knowing he would be out all evening, I thought it would be a nice chance to spend the night in a 5* hotel. By far the best thing about the hotel was the view from the window, to the far left you could just about see the gherkin through the trees, in front to the left was the oxo tower and to the right a clear view of the london eye and big ben behind. In the daytime this was great but at night this was really a special view.The hotel is situated directly behind the temple tube station so is easy to get to,with a taxi rank on hand too. All of the staff were polite and friendly. Although we didn't go, I understand covent garden is only a 10 minute walk.I ordered room service including a bowl of chips which was huge, if theres 2 of you you'll only need one! The food is expensive but the eggs benedict in the morning was delicious and the room service choice is impressive. I am gluten free and was given gluten free toast at breakfast that was very tasty.The room was very clean and comfortable and though expensive (as always) the mini bar was very well stocked. The shower although conventional (no rain shower here) was brilliant, powerful and hot and the products are in really sweet packaging. The towels while soft were really flecky and I ended up with white bits all over my black jeans grr! Also there was a pink lip stick stain on my towel so not 100%.The air conditioning did work but was a little loud, if you're a light sleeper i'd advise turning it off, (luckily i'm not!). Also the floor we were on smelt really strongly of cigarettes, though it was not noticable in the rooms.I also got to see a crest room, it was nice not much bigger than ours but with a small seating area, however again the views from the balcony were brilliant and it had a larger bath with a seperate shower - the kind that sprays from every direction!I have never stayed in a 5* before, we always go for boutique 4* and I wouldn't say this hotel was any better than those except for perhaps the choice from the room service menu. I don't know if i'd be happy paying full price for the room but then I know the company got a deal.I'd certainly stay there again at the right price, it is really a very good hotel.	
Feb 12 2009 	Location Location Location	We were delighted to get this hotel for around £100 with an upgraded room on the day of the stay from Lastminute. The hotel was well worth this money. Having recently stayed at the Carlton Tower, another 5* hotel, I have to stay that although the staff are great and the service is 5*, I am not sure about the hotel itself -its more like an average 4*. The building overlooks the River and if you had a room on the front, the view could be amazing. We had a (cheaper no doubt!) 'garden' view. Not a particularly interesting garden it has to be said!! The hotel is a bizarre mixture of design - old and 'modern', with lots of the inevitable marble! Pleasant though and probably lovely in the summer if you can sit outside.The room we had was huge although a bit chilly until you eventually work out how to use the heater (which goes off when you leave the room!!) The bathroom was v nice although the shower a bit weak, I'd stick to the bath if you have time! We had an Italian coffee machine in the room which was brilliant and well stocked mini bar. There was a room attached to the bedroom with a desk and sofa/chair in it, I am not sure what the point of this room would be other than as an office perhaps. It was all OK, but nothing special. As usual with these hotels, breakfast was outrageously expensive and we didn't bother with it. The bar is very pleasant, but very expensive. £15 for two drinks but you do get 'free' nibbles. The service however is NOT free, this will be added to your bill (bit cheeky as you are already paying hotel prices)Where this hotel scores is its location. It is opposite Temple tube station, near to the River, Westminster, West End/Covent Garden and for that reason I would definately return.The hotel seems to be placed in what looks like a 70s office building complex which is hoarded off - presumably to re-develop. Whether the hotel will come down or stay within a building site, I'm not sure but looking at the redecoration they could be doing in the room, I have a feeling it could be the former. Great value for money if you can get it at a good rate though.	
Feb 10 2009 	Charming staff	As you enter the hotel you are greeted by a sea of welcoming faces. I would hazard a guess that people like working here and that the management is good because this was the overwhelming experience of our stay. Helpful, friendly, smiling staff who were so enthusiastic it was infectious. We had a river view room and it was great to watch London go by.The room was very quiet and we were not disturbed by neighbours or plumbing noises. A minor gripe would be the pillows which were a bit mean by 5 star standards......I hesitate to gripe at all as we so enjoyed our stay.Breakfast was delicious, good value and quite a relaxed experience with well spaced tables and attentive staff.The location is perfect for shopping and theatre and we shall most definately return.	
Feb 3 2009 	Loved The Howard	We spent 3 days/2 nights at The Howard end January '09 and I would definitely recommend this hotel to couples looking for a great starting point in London. The location is amazing being so close to many places of interest including Covent Garden and Theatreland, and the Temple tube station is literally on the hotel's doorstep making it very easy to get around. We took the Gatwick Express to Victoria and then it was only 4 stops to Temple - easy! Because so many landmarks are within easy walking distance of the hotel, and with its proximity to the underground, we didn't use a London taxi for the entire stay and saved a lot of money!Our room was very clean and bright and we appreciated having the use of a coffee machine and a kettle. There was a good choice of teas &amp; coffees. The hotel is situated near, but not directly on, a main road and we were not at all disturbed by the traffic noise (even during rush-hour). The bar is a lovely place to relax in the evening and the staff very friendly and attentive. The same goes for the breakfast room staff and the choice of breakfast and the quality was impressive - better than in other hotels I've experienced.I would say that some areas are in need of updating but it did not detract from an overall excellent stay. We found all the staff courteous and friendly and we would definitely stay at The Howard again.	
Jan 22 2009 	Good hotel	The wife and I stayed here on a COLD Sat night in January 2009 with another couple - as a 30th birthday treat.Location of hotel is fantastic - less than 5 minutes walk to Covent Garden.Check-in was quick and we were in our room within 5 minutes of handing the car keys to the valet guy. On another note - valet parking was expensive at £37 but this is London I guess!Room was 8/10 - we had partial view of the Thames, and there was a nice coffee machine which we made good use of. Only disappointment was that the tv wasn't flat screen.We didn't dine in the hotel - but on our way back after the night out - we had a drink in the bar which was very nice. Can highly recommend the mojitos!Check-out was also swift and car was brought round within 2 minutes which was quicker than a lot of places we have stayed in.All in all a good experience.We booked direct on their website and payed £120 including VAT which I didn't think was bad considering the location.	
Jan 20 2009 	Not all that was expected	We booked the hotel based on location and the star rating as well as the quoted discount on normal rates. The location was great - being on Victoria Embankment which is next to Somerset House and short walk to Covent Garden, Law Courts, and on to Trafalgar Square etc.Problem was the star rating - at five stars I assume that the rating agency either has the same sklills as those was involved with the sub-prime debacle or worked for the Greek Tourist Board in the 1970's.It was not five star in my experience - public areas in hotel, room size, towels and bedding were more of the IBIS or Holiday Inn Express, Travelodge variety.So it would be a premier IBIS style in my book.However if you don't think you are getting a great bargain the rate payable (we paid £138 for double room with no breakfast and it was £25 extra for breakfast per person) was OK but not cheap.They also seem to get back some of the money they say the forego on the room rate by charging high prices in bar - £4.50 for cappucino, £17.00 for fish and chips.Experience was reasonable but will not go back unless its £90 and we have to!I just get annoyed when I am conned and I think I was here with the supposed bargain deal.	
Jan 18 2009 	Amazing place to stay	Myself, husband and two children stayed at the hotel over the New Year period. We had a river view room which gave us a fantastic view the fireworks on New Years Eve. The adjoining rooms were spacious and we always returned to beautifully tidy rooms after leaving a bomb sight each morning. The saff were friendly and curtious and the service was wonderful. I have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to fellow travellers.	
Jan 18 2009 	Great value 5 star	This is one of my favourite london hotels based on value. It sits on the embankment overlooking the river Thames and has valet parking. I usually book on lastminute.com to getthe best rate. Have stayed several times and have often been upgraded if they are not busy. Tip - try to get one of the front facing rooms that have views of the river. They are more expensive but sometimes if you ask they will upgrade free of charge.	
Jan 12 2009 	Deeply disapointing from start to finish.	I stayed at the Howard just before Christmas and was left hugely unimpressed. The problems started at check-in when the machine taking my card wouldnt work. Instead of allowing me to check in until they had resolved their problems I was forced to pay cash in order to check-in. Very inconveniencing.The room itself was OK. The river view is nice, but the rooms a little noisy as they face onto the road along embankment. However, things just went downhill. On the first morning there builders started working on the room above mine. As a result at around 8am (it was the weekend and I was on holiday), I was woken up by a loud banging. I complained and they moved my room but for a supposedly 5 star hotel not to take this into account before is a joke.On the last night there when we were due to check out, the maid comes crashing into our room at 9am - apologising for disturbing us but clearly wanting to get us out so she can stop work early. When we stayed in bed this was then followed by two phone calls by someone who hung up when I answered. Coincidence maybe but I had a friend staying in another room who had exactly the same treatment. This annoyed me enormously as I was horrendously hung over that morning and this is not what you pay for.All in all the hotel is a LONG way from 5 star and you would do better staying somewhere (pretty much anywhere) else.	
Jan 12 2009 	Decent Four Star Hotel	The best part of this hotel is its location, coffee maker and view of the Thames from the Thames view rooms…………you can see Parliament and Big Ben all lit up at night but in the distance. Right across a very small road is the Temple tube station.  I have never taken the tube from Heathrow before to central London but it promised to be so easy and cheap to this hotel that I went for it. It was in fact easy and cheap. If you change from the Piccadily Line (which goes to Heathrow) to the Central or District Line which go to Temple all you have to do is cross the platform.Great coffee maker that made wonderful and complimentary espresso and regular coffee. The location of the hotel is great not just because of the tube station but also because it is a few blocks from The Strand, the theatres and very good and reasonable restaurants. You can also walk to Leicester Square (healthy walk but fun) and Oxford Street (again a healthy walk).I’m not sure where people are getting the impression this is a five star hotel other than from the discount web sites and the hotel itself. I usually stay at 4 or 5 star hotels unless there is a really interesting 3 star. This hotel is no more than 4 stars. I got a very good rate and had a Thames view room. I’d say those rooms are worth anywhere up to 200 pounds per night. If you have to pay more stay elsewhere………unless you really want to view The Thames……this hotel is not without its problems. I would highly recommend the Sumner Hotel as an alternative although I like the area the Swissotel is located in better than Marble Arch which is where The Sumner is located.I have noticed that many of the London hotels have foreign born staff. There is absolutely nothing wrong with that if they speak decent English. That was not always the case here and was sometimes a problem. Additionally I did eat in the lounge one afternoon. The carpet needed a good vacuuming, there were hairs on the sofa where I sat and although the waitress presented my silverware with great fanfare off of a serving tray the serving tray the silverware was sitting on was filthy. I ordered what was classified as an entrée size chicken Caesar salad and I would say it was a tad larger than a standard dinner salad.The restaurant itself looked boring…………………..no nice view. I did have room service for dinner one night and it was fine. Reasonably priced at twenty five pounds for three courses…………..decent for hotel room service pricing. They didn’t get the order right after three tries but it wasn’t that far off so I ate it. Not fabulous food but good.The room itself was always very clean and the bed was very comfortable. The most annoying part of the hotel was that the housekeepers slam the doors of other guest rooms and the service area when they are making up the rooms. It didn’t bother me as I tend to get up early but if I were younger and had been out clubbing or going to pubs I would not be pleased.In sum if you get a good rate at this hotel consider it. When pricing it compare it to prices for 4 star hotels. It is by no means a 5 star hotel and nothing like a Four Seasons or The Ritz. I would rank it below a Soffitel.	
Jan 7 2009 	No Wonder it's closing down!	From the moment we arrived to the second we left, this hotel was awful. The check in time is 3pm - we were told the room wasn't ready when we arrived at 3pm and were asked to wait in the lounge-for two hours. And they charged us for the 4 drinks we had in that time!!! When we finally got to our room, the electronic key wouldn't work so we had to go downstairs and get another one. When we finally got in to the room it was very bland-painted white walls, dark and worn furniture and stains all over the carpet and even on the bed sheets. We called room service one night and spent about 5 minutes trying to explain what we wanted to a guy who hardly spoke any English. In the end I hung up and we went around the corner and ate in the restaurant at the Waldorf hotel-also 5 star but a different class. We had to wait 10 minutes to have breakfast as the small restaurant was full and were told by a very rude host that it would be quicker if we just ordered from our room. I wish we had -the 'buffet' was tiny and half empty and English breakfast was stone cold. Even on check out the receptionists were really struggling to cope with the amount of guests waiting at the desk. They also had some problems in communicating in English. The only place that actually felt like a five star hotel, was the bar and that (and the Restataurant in the evenings) was completely empty most of the time. Stay in this hotel if you're on business and the company is paying and you don't care where you stay. But otherwise, there are some nice hotels in the area and in Covent Garden. P.S they are also demolishing the office building next door so it gets VERY noisy in the mornings. The hotel is also to be demolished some time this year - probably why they haven't spent any money on it for years! And it shows...Conclusion=POORLY MANAGED and NEGLECTED hotel.	
Jan 5 2009 	Perfect for our week-end	Like all other reviews, the hotel was situated in an excellent location for the London Eye, River Cruises, Theatres etc and was particularly quiet. We usually stay at Holiday Inns which are excellent for our needs but for a special occasion we chose the 5 star Howard on this occasion. However, we found little difference other than an extra large bed, an expresso coffee maker and excessive prices, £47 for two English breakfasts and the presence of a doorman which I happen to find rather humbling.My only gripe is that having paid for two nights in advance, non refundable, we were asked to pay a further £50 deposit before we were allowed to our room. Hardly a 5 star experience, more 2 star. On check out we were asked if we had used the mini bar whereupon our word was readily accepted which rather contradicted the point of taking the deposit in the first place and of course we had to trust the hotel in refunding the deposit back into our credit card account. Would definitely stay here again despite these events as it was a very relaxing and convenient hotel.	
Dec 30 2008 	Great location becoming a firm favourite	Great hotel right next to Temple tube station and only a short walk from Covent Garden. The views from the river rooms are so good that it is worth paying the extra, or you will regret it! Book direct with through the hotel's website, who will match any lower price that you can find and maybe even give you some money back if you can find a lower rate. We requested a room on a higher floor to make the most of the views, and got a clean, contemporary and very quiet room on the 5th floor. We have stayed here twice now and will definitely be back. A good alternative to the Howard is the London Bridge Hotel.	
Dec 28 2008 	superb friendly staff	a wonderfull experience,beautiful hotel,and superb friendly staff,if in london again wont bother to look elsewhere.	
Dec 13 2008 	Great hotel - amazing location	I managed to book 3 nights for the price of 2 at this 5* hotel. We had a river view room and could see the houses of parliament from the bed - quiet surreal.The staff were excellent, friendly and very efficient at all times. The doorman, reception, bar staff and concierge were always there to help.The room was modern and comfortable and the location quiet, which can be hard to find in the centre of London.The hotel is right next to the tube station and is located next to the legal centre of London - fascinating to wander through the 'temple'.	
Dec 11 2008 	Great hotel but avoid the restaurant	A fabulous hotel in a great location. Close to Thames walkway and theatre district. Temple tube station only a minute away. Modern comfortable and spacious room. Helpful and friendly staff. However, restaurant was high on price and presentation, low on substance and quality. Recommend the hotel, but avoid the restaurant. Plenty of good options nearby; even room service would probably be preferable.	
Dec 8 2008 	Quiet Comfortable and Excellent Service	I stayed two nights at the Howard on a quick weekend trip to London in early December. There were river view rooms available but I opted for the most basic room, the Classic room with a courtyard view. Arriving just after noon following an overnight flight, I was disappointed that my room was not ready but, as there are only eight of these rooms in the hotel, it was not surprising. The desk staff checked me in and offered to take my bags so I could wander about. A couple of hours later, I stopped back and my room was ready. The bags were delivered within five minutes of me reaching my room.The hotel itself is really quite nice. All of the public areas are very tasteful without being dull or stiff. Someone else mentioned that it really is not an interesting hotel. This is true. There is no wow factor. It is really just tasteful and very relaxing. This is true of the lobby, lounge, lifts and halls. ‘Classic’ rooms usually mean worn but that was not the case here. Again, there was no wow factor but the room suited my needs perfectly and was well designed despite its smaller size. It reminded me of a remodeled room at a four star hotel. The bed were quite comfortable and the room had everything I needed. There was even the most fantastic espresso machine sitting right next to the television. The bath, while small and only having a shower, was quite nice and fully stocked. The courtyard is not actually all that bad to look at. The Howard is part of a large office complex so the courtyard stretches all of the way back to the Strand and holds trees and a bit of grass. Still, I regretted not spending the extra money for a river view room as I suspect the view would have been spectacular.The location was good for my needs. It is close to quite a bit of what one would want to see and I did not use the Tube as often as I thought I would. It is very quiet there and, if you are looking for a corner shop to pop out to, you will have a bit of a hunt on your hands still there are such places within a reasonable distance. Instead of eating breakfast at the hotel, I walked about five minutes down to Embankment Gardens and stopped at the café there. Charing Cross is another five minutes past that and one should be able to get most anything you would need at the station. Again, the hotel is very close to quite a bit but not in the middle of the action. It is a very quiet location close to a lot of very busy areas.What I really liked about the Howard was the service. Normally, I am a four star hotel guy who finds a lot of the five star properties to be stiff and pretentious. The service here was very good without being overbearing. I never saw housekeeping anywhere in the hotel while there yet my room was always serviced quickly and all of the public areas were in perfect order every time I moved through them. The lobby staff was very efficient and really seemed to want to go the extra mile to be sure that guest were well taken care of. I can honestly say that even the process of retrieving checked bags and waiting for a cab was relaxing at the Howard. Maybe there is something to be said for spending a bit more. In fact, I think would pay a bit of a premium to stay at the Howard and may just do that on my next trip to London.	
Nov 28 2008	Best view in London	Breathtaking views over the Thames from the 7th floor, comfortable room and impeccable service. An excellent choice for a romantic weekend. I cannot recommend more highly!	
Nov 13 2008 	A Very Enjoyable Stay	We have not stayed at a hotel in London before so I cannot make comparisons with other London Hotels, but we were extremely pleased with all aspects of our weekend stay (Friday and Saturday nights).The location suited our needs very well as we needed a hotel close to the Lyceum Theatre in Covent Garden as we had booked to see Lion King on the Friday and the Swiss Hotel Howard was only 5 minutes walk away.Likewise we had booked to go on the London Eye on Saturday and were only 15 minutes walk away.The Victoria Embankment was less than 100 metres from the hotel and we were only 20 minutes walk away from the Houses of Parliament etc.Temple Tube station is literally 50 metres away across the road.Checking in and out went like clockwork and although we arrived an hour and a half before check in time our room was immediately available.We had chosen a Premier Room with a Courtyard View and the room was absolutely fine, spotlessly clean with a comfortable bed and matched up to the description in the Hotel literature/Website. There are rooms with spectacular views of the River but as we would not be spending much time in the Hotel it didn’t seem worth paying the extra for a River View.The food at breakfast was very good, the Dining Room was very well appointed and the service was impeccable.In fact all the staff in the hotel were very helpful, efficient and friendly.Apart from breakfast we did not dine at the hotel as we wanted to sample the ambiance of the restaurants in the Covent Garden area.The only downside was that the building itself is not very pretty being of a functional concrete and glass design.However, we will definitely return to the Swiss Hotel Howard when we next stay in London.	
Nov 9 2008 	Pleasant short stay	We stayed here for 1 night and it was fine for what we needed and the view of the London Eye was great. We had booked a courtyard view room but as our room was not ready they gave us a river view room which was lovely. The room was a reasonable size with everything we needed, although the bathrooms badly need upgrading if it is a five star hotel. The staff were helpful and polite. I probably would stay here again, the location is perfect and it provided us with what we needed. Yes the food and drinks are expensive but with so much available locally there is plenty of choice outside the hotel.	
Oct 31 2008	Good location but uninspiring	Got a very good deal through lastminute for this hotel, which was the main reason for choosing it. Took my mother to London for a long weekend, and needed a hotel reasonably close to most attractions.I felt the hotel was rather characterless, hence the average rating, but there's nothing I can really put my finger on that was wrong with it, other than the fact that the room smelt of stale smoke the entire time I was there, despite having a 'room freshener' machine in it when I arrived. I had room 205, which doesn't actually have a courtyard or river view - the view is of the building next door, but that didn't matter as we spent most of our time out and about anyway.All the facilities were there - coffee machines, bath robes etc, but I probably wouldn't choose it again as there are so many other more 'interesting' hotels.	
Oct 20 2008 	Good Value but not a 5 star experience	Our planned trip to Le George V in Paris was cancelled (October 08) thanks to the Tunnel fire (our trains out and in were both cancelled) so we decided to take a last minute overnight break to London instead.OK so the view from the Howard is not quite the Eiffel Tower but we just wanted somewhere in London with a nice room, good view where we could hole ourselves up for an evening without the children. We stay in London quite regularly and normally stay at one of the Hiltons but, having recently lost the privileges we had from having a Hilton Honours gold card, we no longer see the Hilton chain as being such an attractive proposition so have been trying out a number of the other 5 star hotels this year such as The Langham, the Radisson chain, The Athenaeum and The Ritz.The hotel had an offer on through their own website for a river view room for one night with a tasting menu (to include paired wines) in the hotel restaurant for under £225 inc and we thought this appeared to be great value so we booked the break direct with them online.Entering the lobby we were a little disappointed as there were no doormen and nobody to take our bags (although did see staff later they were not there when we arrived). We arrived after the scheduled check-in time but were informed that our room was not ready and we would have to sit and wait in reception whilst they waited for housekeeping to call back reception ref how long the room would take. Not a great start! I understand that these things happen but do not like being kept waiting in a reception area, particularly when we were given no indication of how long we would be kept waiting. Fortunately, the wait was only about 10-15 minutes before we were given our keys and we carried our own bags to the room.The room was a lovely corner room on one of the upper most floors so we did have a great view but, take away the views and the room was nothing special and a little lacking in character. The prices of drinks from the mini bar were exceptionally high (but we knew about this in advance so were not surprised). We were very pleasantly surprised to have a lovely basket of flowers delivered to the room (the hotel had obviously noted that we were celebrating an anniversary). There were also some lovely chocolates left in our room. There was a coffee machine (which took us ages to work out how to get it to work) which was complementary. There were good toiletries, bathrobes and slippers.We went down to the bar area for a drink. They have a couple of nice bar areas and also an outside seating area (which unfortunately is obviously the smokers corner now) but we sat in the bar area between the outside area and the restaurant and spent a lovely hour or two here – the staff in the bar area were really great and the service was excellent and, if you buy a bottle of wine, the prices are not at all bad. They also serve (and regularly replenish) nibbles including olives and hand baked crisps.Having spent a leisurely hour or two getting ready for dinner, we had pre-dinner drinks in the same bar area (same excellent service), having previously rung to ensure a turn down service.The restaurant was really quiet and there were very few people in all evening. The tasting menu had a mixture of dishes on it – some were wonderful and some not so and the same for the paired wines – hated the Pinot Noir and loved the Barossa and the South African (I think) red dessert wine. The chocolate fondant pudding was absolutely the highlight! We didn’t particularly enjoy the atmosphere of the restaurant – mainly because it was so quiet but the service could not be faulted.The location is good – it’s a very short (and pleasant) stroll from Blackfriars station (where we came into London) and an equally pleasant stroll into Covent Garden etc, the views are great and you feel that you are outside the general hubbub of the theatre and main shopping area and yet, at the same time, you are within walking distance of both.We checked out late the following morning and declined breakfast in favour of an early lunch in Leicester square but we also had problems on checking out as they had charged all sorts of odd costs to our room (obviously internal accounting cost centres costs as it said things like “profit on package” etc). Bearing in mind that we had booked a package direct with the hotel and not through an agent, this was a little frustrating and when you have booked a complete package and then have to argue at check out about what should/should not have been included it all feels a little uncomfortable and distasteful. It was finally resolved after I went through the bill and told them what they needed to add and take off but we were not happy until we saw our credit card bill as they had indicated that they may need to revert back to us if they had not charged us enough (which they had and therefore did not!).One of my pet hates nowadays is where service charges are automatically added to absolutely everything but then when you are asked to sign for any charges there is also a space for gratuities. I do wish that hotels would make this more clear as I left tips for drinks etc when signing the bills before I had realised that they had already slapped a service charge on everything.In summary, this is a well located hotel. I think we were perhaps unlucky with the welcome and check-in/check-out situation as the service elsewhere was good. The bars were great and the restaurant was fine and all in all it was a good value for money break but it did just not feel like a five star hotel so we will keep looking.	
Oct 13 2008 	Very nice hotel	Had no problems at check in with staff trying to pursuade us to upgrade - it was very friendly and professional.The hotel has quite a calm atmosphere which was very nice.Our room was large and faced the courtyard - everything you needed really including a bowl of fruit which was nice for the next morning as we didn't want breakfast.Comfortable bed, good air con and the curtains were very think so it stayed dark once it got light - after the night before on a party boat on the Thames we were glad of the lie in!! In room safe, coffee machine and kettle for us tea drinkers, robes and huge towels - good shower and toiletries.Very quiet throughout the hotel which we liked.Drinks in the bar were expensive but I knew that would be the case so expected it - the service was very good and again a nice atmosphere.All in all a very good stay - I have booked to stay agin in a couple of weeks time and am taking my Mum so I hope we have the same level of customer care.	
Oct 7 2008 	High standard low price!	Stayed at The Howard for one night, Sat - Sun. We booked directly through the hotel website a few weeks in advance.We arrived by tube - Temple underground station is literally across the road. We arrived a couple of hours earlier than specified check-in time (we informed the hotel when making the booking we required an early check-in if possible), there seemed to be a few other people checking in at this time too, and it was mid-day, which is the hotel's check-out time, so very busy. However this didn't affect the efficiency of the check-in at all. We were checked in by a smiling male receptionist, very quick, we had booked the cheapest courtyard view room, but unlike some of the other reviews there was no attempt to sell us anything!Took the lift up to the 7th floor, and on opening the room door we looked out the window, and there wasn't a courtyard outside, but a panoramic view of the Thames and the London skyline! The room was very clean, bathroom all marble with nice toiletries and the bed was large and although it initially felt a bit hard, we had the best nights sleep in it! The hotel was also very quiet and peaceful - we heard no noises at all from the next door rooms and the corridor outside was also quiet (housekeeping only started vacuuming the corridors after 11am).We had a very relaxing sunday morning - we made coffees with the Lavazza coffee machine in the room and had a very nice hot shower. This shower is very different to most British hotel showers - lots of pressure and warm water, and the shower was not an overhead shower attached to the wall, but a &quot;detachable&quot; one. We checked out at 12 - again very busy in the lobby but efficient and friendly service.All in all we had a wonderful stay and wouldn't consider staying anywhere else when visiting London again. The only thing which some visitors may find a negative is the minibar/room service/breakfast prices (£23 for cooked breakfast). However this didn't affect us as we were prepared for it.	
Sep 30 2008 	Great Location	Perfect location for exploring central London. This hotel is located right on the Thames and just a short walk to Covent Garden and the West End. Bedroom and Bathroom was of an average size, well equipped, comfortable and clean. Staff not particularly helpful and are more worried about trying to upgrade your room to a river view at extra cost than help you. Did not like the atmosphere in the restaurant or the quality of the food. I do not believe this hotel deserves 5 stars ratings but if you consider the quality of the room and the location it is a nice place to stay. You can get good deals on this hotel so worth keeping an eye out for. Would prefer to stay here for £100 a night than a cheap budget chain hotel for £80 per night.	
Sep 29 2008 	Great location	Great location for this 5 star hotel with tube and attractions close by. I felt that I was staying in a 5 star hotel although breakfast and drinks could be expensive. Room - massive bed and the room, in fact the hotel were a secluded and quiet - good for getting away from the hustle and bustle. Shower slightly primitive but that was the only fault I could find.All in all, a luxury hotel, but be prepared to pay alot for extras.	
Sep 22 2008 	Excellent experience - recommended	We booked through lastminute.com using the &quot;secret hotel&quot; function. All we knew is general location and the star rating before booking. At the price I paid I would expect a broom cupboard. Once I had confirmation and knew it was The Howard I read the reviews which were generally good but variable. We were put on the 6th floor with a the biggest double bed I've ever seen and a view of the courtyard garden which was fine - at the price we paid a Thames view was not on the cards and not expected. The rooms are well constraucted, finished well and quiet - It was as though we were the only people on that floor it was so quiet once the door was shut. The room service was superb - twice a day with a daytime and evening set up. the in room Lavazza coffee maker was a great touch and coffee cartridges are refreshed twice daily. The shower was excellent and the staff attentive but not irritating. In room dining was also superb but pricey (although I didn't mind paying £7.50 for the large and delicious sandwich I ordered at 2am that arrived in 10 minutes). They also give you complimentary use of their Health Centre.The final plus was the location. Next to Temple underground and easy walking distance of Drury Lane, Covent Garden and Soho. And of course you are right by the Thames embankment and opposite the South Bank and close to Tate Modern etc. I just cannot recommend this hotel enough.	
Sep 18 2008 	Perfect Rest Space and Excellent Service	I got a whole lot more than I had expected. A Queen sized bed as standard and very comfortable was the best time of peace and quiet ever. great for anyone looking for great luxury. I am lookig to come back and stay for a week. Even looking on the Garden at the back was excellent and tranquille.	
Sep 11 2008 	Great location great Hotel	Perfect location, great for restaurants, theatres and boat cruises.Rooms spotless, we arrived early so checked our bags in with the bell captain and went exploring.Great breakfast, fab cocktails in the bar and very nice helpful staff.Would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 31 2008	Beware the 8th Floor suites	We stayed in the &quot;Westminster Suite&quot; on the 8th floor, having been upgraded on arrival from a Grand River View room. Nice room, couldn't fault it.Went to bed at 11pm, assuming there was a roof-top bar above us on 9th floor due to loud music (mostly dance, chemical bro's, etc), shouting and thumping feet on the ceiling. At 2pm and after not having been able to get to sleep, we called reception to be told that there was a staff welcoming party on the roof. At 2.30pm the music had stopped, but the partying elephants remained, thumping feet, raised voices and glasses clanging, so I went down to visit the reception (messed up hair, bloodshot eyes and all).They said sorry, made a call, and following that our room was totally silent.Upon checkout at 11am (after our cold breakfast), a suitable amount of time had passed in order for them to change their original story from a &quot;staff welcome party&quot; to a &quot;post-wedding reception party&quot;. I was offered a 50% discount on the room rate which I accepted as part payment with the intention of claiming back 100% of the room cost in due course.I couldn't care less what kind of party it was - that's what function rooms are for. I told them I'd have had a better nights sleep in the Travel Lodge. I've no idea how often they have these roof top parties. If, like me, you like to be tucked in before midnight, don't risk staying in the end suites on the 8th floor - the terraces of the rooftop apartments are directly above.	
Aug 29 2008 	Pretty middle of the road	Great location right by Temple Tube and next to Somerset House just off the Strand. The views are really good to the Oxo Tower and the London Eye and Big Ben. the public areas are nice especially the bars and the courtyard. Dining room has rather a dated kitzchy 90s feel.. The staff are accomodating and attentive. So why does this only get an average rating from me. Well it really is down to the value for money. It is moderately expensive and claims to have five stars (which i don't see myself) The rooms on the river have great views and it tends to leverage on this fact. The rooms themselves are really pretty lacklustre. They are average in size, and quite comfortable, but somehow sort of feel older and less sharp than you would expect. It really needs a a revamp. I think if it got that, things would feel like you got a good deal, but it just fails to impress and feels average. The Savoy recommends the hotel as the one people should book into while it is being done up, but i am not sure their clients would value this recommendation.	
Aug 28 2008 	what a view!!!!	If you want a great view of London there are few places which beat this hotel. Our room was on the 5th floor in the corner and you could see tower bridge in one direction and big ben in the other with all the sights of the Thames in between.The bar service was friendly and efficient. We did not eat in the hotel as we had other arrangements.The room was clean and of good size. The marble bathroom was clean and fresh. But the best of all was the view.	
Aug 25 2008 	locationlocationlocation	This was our second time at The Swissotel The Howard and for us it is all about the location.We have stayed in other 5* London Hotels and they all have something different to offer.What The Howard has is a room with a view! We have had river facing rooms on the 8th and 9th floors(the higher the better in the summer as foliage from the trees at the front of the hotel obscures the views from many lower rooms),both with and without balconies.To sit with a nightcap after a west end show,looking out at The London Eye,The Houses Of Parliament and Tower Bridge is a wonderful way to end the day.The rooms are clean,the beds extremely comfortable and you have all the5* luxuries you would expect.Service is courteous and efficient and the breakfast was excellent (a great improvement on the self service buffet of last year) with plenty of choice and friendly staff.The hotel is within walking distance of all the major attractions including The West End,Covent Garden and The London Eye.There are cheaper places to stay in London but if You're after a treat and want to take advantage of great views and location The Howard delivers.	
Aug 23 2008 	What a View!	I have stayed at this hotel about ten times over the past few years and recommend it warmly. From the outside, it looks Stalinesque; it's in a part of town that shuts down at night and over the weekend (but it's only a short walk to Covent Garden, Bloomsbury, Tate Modern, etc.); and the staff at the front desk can be scattered. But the beds are wonderful, the bathrooms are large, the bar is snug, and if you are willing to pay a bit extra for a room with a river view (ideally on the fifth floor or above), you will have what may well be the best view from a hotel window in all of London: the London Eye, the Oxo Tower, Westminster Abbey to the right and St Paul's Cathedral to the left (just), and all night long the dance of lights on the river. I once stayed in a &quot;garden-view&quot; (i.e., back) room, and while it was fine, it just didn't have the same magic. Breakfast is good, but very expensive; I recommend having it downstairs in the restaurant rather than ordering room service.With a bit more effort from the folks on the ground floor, this could be a 5-star hotel.	
Aug 23 2008 	Best hotel stay ever!	I've stayed at the Howard several times as the service, location and view are just fantastic. I've always had a wonderful time and can never wait to go back. And my stay last weekend managed to be even better than before!I booked the room about 6 weeks in advance. I prefer to book with the hotel direct because I feel that excellent service should be rewarded. However, I looked around to check that their rate was competitive and I found a rate £30 cheaper on lastminute.com. After a some debate I decided to book direct with the hotel anyway, but to bring the cheaper rate to their attention. I booked online, then filled in their &quot;best online rate guarantee&quot; form, but was resigned to the fact that there would probably be some way they'd wriggle out of matching the rate. The next day I got an email from them agreeing that the lastminute rate was cheaper, so they were going to discount my rate by 50% as a thank you for bringing the cheaper rate to my attention!We were spending the whole weekend at an event at the bfi just across the river. As we had to be there for 10am, we called the hotel the day before to let them know that we would be arriving at about 9.30am. They said that it would be no problem to store our bags, but the room wouldn't be ready. As their normal check in time is 3pm, this was fine.We arrived at the hotel at 9.30am as expected and checked in, the receptionist told us that we had been upgraded to a Grand Room. I was amazed because I'd checked the rate for this and it was about £400 per night and we were paying well below their cheapest rate! And then she told us that our room was ready! My husband and I were in shock. I couldn't believe that we'd paid so little and they'd upgraded us to their best room and allowed us to check in ridiculously early despite the fact that they had been completely full the night before.We'd requested a high floor (as we'd booked a river view room) and were given a room on the top floor. The room was completely gorgeous and huge. The windows ran the whole length of the room and we could see all the way to Canary Wharf as it was such a clear day. The hotel was the perfect base for our event as it was only a short walk across Waterloo Bridge to the bfi, so we were able to pop back to our room several times throughout the day when we had a break.We'd booked a table in their restaurant 12 Temple Place for dinner. Our event went on till 9pm, so we ate at 9.30pm, by which time the restaurant was pretty quiet, probably about 5 or 6 tables occupied. The food was very good, the portions were small for the price, but neither of us wanted a huge meal that late and we'd saved so much on the room that we didn't mind. The service was excellent, as I've always found at the hotel. Everything about our stay was perfect and every person we dealt with at the hotel was superbly efficient, friendly and extremely helpful. I was particularly impressed that our unbeliveably low rate (less than you would normally pay for a 2 star hotel in London), didn't result in a second class room or service.I would throughly recommend the Howard, it's in the perfect location for a London break and the view is just breathtaking. Don't even think about economising by not booking a river view room!	
Aug 21 2008	Great service location and comfort	My granddaughter and I spent six days here. After an early morning arrival from US they had a shower room until our room was ready. The hotel is so convenient to the tube across the street and one block walk to many buses. Many theatres are within walking distance. Fun market with entertainment and shops too. In room tea and coffee, small refrig and plenty of pillows and ice from room service easily available. Computer connections were not working but there was a less expensive wi-fi cafe nearby. All the staff were geniunely helpful and pleasant. If you want a view of the Thames it is 40 pounds per night extra and if your reservation says Courtyard it isn't a view of the Thames. Would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 4 2008 	Great Location	After scouring the internet for hours and hours I finally settled on this hotel for a nice weekend away with my boyfriend.I should point out that I was originally going to book with lastminute.com, however I chose to book with the hotel directly for 2 reasons...1) I wouldn't have to pay on the spot, and 2) Breakfast was included whereas lastminute was Room Only.The hotel is brilliantly situated, although it doesn't seem it at first. It is smack bang next to Temple tube station and a 'Walkabout' which I thought was going to be a nightmare, but in fairness we didn't hear a peep out of either for the whole weekend. From the outside it looks hideous, like a multi-storey carpark, but that aside, it was ideally situated.On arrival the Porters greeted us as you would expect and we went to check in. This was a bit of a slow process, the girl checking us in didn't seem to confident in her ability, or perhaps understanding us, but other members of her team were on hand to offer their assistance. Still, it took us a good 15/20 minutes or so to actually check in. This is where I discovered an immediate problem. On being presented with room keys, I noticed the 'breakfast not included' option had been ticked. I queried this straight away and produced my confirmation to check...which helpfully doesn't state anything about breakfast whatsoever. I explained my point but they seemed reluctant to check properly and was bluntly told I would have to pay for breakfast if I wanted it. Charming. So my advice is DO NOT rely on your confirmation. Print a Screen-Grab if you can stating what your rate does and doesn't include or entitle you to.Eventually we got to the room (easy to navigate), it was a nice size, the bed was nice. It didn't blow me away but it was good enough. The bathroom was of average size but nicely done. Both seemed very clean.The major selling-point for this hotel was the view though. Exceptional, particularly at nightitme. Worth paying for and I have to say, had we not had a River View, the hotel would be comfortably 4* rather than 5.Housekeeping knocked a fair few times which didn't really bother me, working in a hotel I know how it goes, but I could see how this may annoy people who aren't used to it. The Concierge we spoke to were very helpful, particularly a gentleman called 'Kai' I believe. The gentleman serving at the bar was also very chatty and helpful.Breakfast was nice too I should add. The first morning we decided to push the boat out and go for it. It was what I expected, however it was THE most expensive breakfast I have ever eaten, costing over £40 for just 2 people. Absurd.I would stay here again, however I would definitely cover my back by making sure I could prove what was included. I would also make sure I pay that bit extra for a River View Room. Without the view, it probably isn't worth it.	
Jul 29 2008 	Loved the Howard	Stayed weekend of the 25th July, 2 rooms for 3 nights. Very friendly greeting on arrival, which is ofthen missing in 4/5 Star London hotels. Rooms are spacious and well appointed. Beds were so comfortable that we all slept in till late and enjoyed breakfast which was served until 2pm on the patio. Deffinately a very nice hotel and well positioned overlooking the Embankment. The bar area is very chilled out and prices are pretty keen. Overall a great hotel and look forward to oyr next stay.	
Jul 26 2008 	Not bad	5* hotel apparently, more 4* I think, but not bad for the price (£65pppn). I would stay there again for the same price, but not one I would rush to recommend.	
Jul 24 2008 	Comforable and Enjoyable Stay	I stayed here for business at the end of June and found my stay to be very pleasant. The room was very clean and even included a cappucino machine. I had a river view (of the Thames river) and it was definitely worth it, especially since I had not been to London before. The hotel was also in a great location. It was an easy 15-20 minute walk to the London Eye and was about a 10-15 walk to where 'The Lion King' and 'Buddy Holly' (the musicals) were playing. I also used the hotel's meeting rooms and the service was impecable. I was very impressed.	
Jul 23 2008 	Service On The Up - A Real 5 Star Experience	I've stayed at Swissotel The Howard several times. Some of these stays have been blighted by poor service at the reception desk.Staying in July I have noticed a major improvement in attitude of staff on reception desk, in bars and the concierge staff. Everyone was extremely helpful and attentive during my stay. Drinks are pretty pricey in hotel bar but the surroundings are worth it. There is the lovely Temple Bar with Court yard garden.The rooms at front are excellent with a picture post card view over the Thames. The restaurant known as Jaan has had a face lift and is known as 12 The Temple and has returned to classic English dishes. Breakfast in the hotel is very good.A real improvement on previous stays and a worthy 5 star hotel now.	
Jul 20 2008 	Loved The Howard great staff great coffee!!	We stayed at The Howard for the first part of our journey by train to Italy. We were travelling from Doncaster and our Eurostar train was leaving at 07:30am so we needed a nice base for the day and night before. When we entered the Howard we were greeted by very friendly staff who allowed us to check in with no problems and escorted our luggage to the rooms. My boyfriend and I were in a lovely spacious room with a gorgeous bathroom. The view wasn't upto much as it was an internal room and looked over the inner courtyard and offices opposite but this really wasn't a problem. We needed a good nights rest so we pulled the curtains shut... the following morning even though it was so bright outside, the room was still pitch black, it was brilliant!! The coffee machine is a lovely touch (it also makes tea aswel), the coffee was gorgeous and it was brilliant to wake upto knowing we had a long day ahead. The bathroom was beautiful, the bar was stunning, the furniture downstairs is fantastic. They have an outdoor area round the back of the restaurant/ bar with luxurious seating and table service. The only thing that was a bit strange was even though the bed was enormous and very comfy, it was 2 small doubles pushed together and at 1 end the bottom stuck up a few inches, but we sorted it!! When we left at 6 the next morning staff were around to help us into our taxi with all our luggage, they were great. Even though its not partiularly local to main attractions they're only a stroll or short taxi ride away. I would definately stay here again.	
Jul 13 2008	Favourite London Hotel	We have stayed at The Howard several times when spending time in London. It's a fantastic location for Covent Garden, all the major theatres and for lovely walks along the river.We once got upgraded to a suite which was fantastic, but the standard rooms are great as well.The bar areas are lovely and relaxing with good service and not extortionate prices when you consider this is a central London hotel.We've never eaten here so cannot comment.There is a tube station directly opposite and a short walk along the river takes you to Vinopolis and Shakespeares Globe attractions which are well worth a visit.You couldn't ask for a better location or standard of hotel in London - we will return time and time again and it will always be our first choice when staying in the city.	
Jun 27 2008 	Take care	I'd like to start with something positive but as my stay here didn't stat well, I guess it's best to start with the truth.We booked and prepaid for two deluxe rooms, in what should have been a five star hotel. We arrived ten minutes after the requested checking in time. The receptionist was chewing gum and ignored us. When she deem it within her duty to speak to us, not nice welcome. She then couldn't find one of the bookings and after about 10 minutes went to see the manager. She then came back and said &quot;It's okay you can stay here&quot;. No &quot;sorry we lost your booking&quot; or anything that even a receptionist at a basic b&amp; b would have had said at the very least.Then she took what seemed to be an age to find two rooms and then again without an apology said I don't think your rooms are clean, you may have to wait. I explained very quietly to here that we were on a tight schedule and this trip was a birthday treat and we only had 30 mins to freshen up. She then made a few phone calls and found two rooms five floors apart that were clean.Although we had pre-paid she wanted a deposit on the room services, something I was happy to do as this is normal. &quot;It doesn't work, can you give me another card&quot; again blunt and not even a slight glimpse of customer service. I assured it the card was fine and she played around with the machine a little more and her boss tried the same. Then after some time we got our keys. Again not a hint of even the basic customer service, I mentioned to the head recptionist that I wasn't pleased that so many mistakes had been made and that they didn't even say the word sorry once. In a very dry voice he then just said &quot;sorry&quot;.I should have had a hint about the style of the room from the plastic fake key we had. The room must have seen decades of styles come and go and each decade left a little momento beind. I've never seen such a mixture of styles. I noticed in the customer reaction form that had been left in our room by a visitor in April, they had mentioned it could do with a re-fit. Very dated and well washed linen on the bed and &quot;own lable&quot; items in the bathroom.As we had lots of plans, we basically only splept in the room. It was a lovely size, but not the nicest looking room I've seen.Whilst in the recption area waiting for our guests, we then heard the magic word &quot;sorry&quot; spoken over and over again. It seemed that almost everyone going to the desk had a problem with the hotel, so in the ten minuts we spent in our room, at least the recption staff had learnt something.One sign of hope was breakfast, the satff in the breakfast room outshone the rest of the hotel, great service, polite, quick and on the ball. This is the only part of the hotel that could be classed as five star.We also has a &quot;nice&quot; present from the hotel, when we checked out our bank balance, we noticed that although we had pre-paid for our rooms, they had tried to take out the charge for two rooms from my deposit account, without a signature or my pin number.If you want a great hotel and a lovely room and are willing to pay for five star service, may I recomend either the Apex or City room and pay for the best rooms they have. Both have great customer service and amazing looking hotels.	
Jun 26 2008	Excellent Hotel with Great Accessibiity to Tubes	I'm going to keep this one short and sweet. If you are seeking a fine European style hotel with a view of the entire city, including in room creature comforts like comfy down beds and an intimate, and dare I say, beautifully appointed cocktail lounge, that literally is located across the street from the Tube, this is it! We checked in around 10 pm and the first thing we discovered in our room was a complete panromaic view of the entire city from the London Bridge to Big Ben and beyond outside of our window! The place was so relaxing and inviting we were happy to call it home in between dinners, tons of sightseeing and more. Each day we mapped out our destination and literally covered every pocket we could of this glorious city, simply walking across the street and downstairs to catch our train. Let me tell you, by time we got back late at night and tired, there was nothing better than walking off the train and right back up to our room only steps away. if nothig else, and there is a lot more to this fine hotel, getting where you want, when you want is a real bonus to this classy, well serviced establishment.	
Jun 23 2008 	Great Hotel	Stayed with the family for 4 nights at the Swissotel Howard. Must be one of the best views in London - the London Eye, Big Ben and the River Thames from your window. Good for tube travel too - Temple Underground station is across the Street - on the Circle Line. When the weather is good, nice to stroll along the banks right up to Westminster Abbey. Half an hour should get you there.Room is nice and comfortable. Came with a complimentary teddy bear on the first night. Kids will be thrlled to bits, some adults too!	
Jun 1 2008 	Ticked all the boxes	Nothing too much trouble, arrived at 1.30pm, room was ready, car was parked for us at a cost of £37 until 6pm the following day. A camp bed was made up for our 11 year old whilst we were out at no extra cost. Lavazza coffee machine was a god send and the fridge well stocked. Had a river view room with fab views of the London Eye and Big Ben. Beds very comfortable and all slept like a log. All the staff we had contact with were extremely efficient and polite and to top it all we had a complimentary bottle of Champagne as part of our hotel deal (booking.com). We didn't eat in the hotel but did have a peak in the restaurant in the morning and it all looked very nice. Would definately stay here again.	
Apr 27 2008 	Outstanding value	The combination of price, quality and fantastic location make this the hotel to stay at when in Covent Garden and surrounding areas. Even ignoring the fact that I booked late £100+VAT is outstanding value in London. Transport links are great too being less than 50m from Temple tube station.	
Apr 22 2008 	Lovely stay at The Howard	My wife and I stayed at The Howard for 9 days. Neither of us had ever been to London before so we wanted to spend as much time as possible in the city without having to move around a lot. The Howard's location is literally in the center of just about every attraction you might wish to visit. We had a river view room with an excellent view of The London Eye, Big Ben, Parliment, and The Tower of London.Upon checking in, we were greeted cordially, given our key, and ushered to our room. Unlike many unfortunate guests before us, our room was ready and in perfect order. Now I'm not going to say the room was pristine. Perhaps if we had scoured the room, we would have no doubt found more than one imperfection, but we were there to enjoy ourselves not critique a rooms smallest details. The room was good sized, warm and had a lovely decor. The bed was comfy the pillows not so much. Being on the river side you do have to listen to some street and river noise, but it didn't bother us after the first night. The staff was always warm and friendly, ready to answer questions and give directions.  We never once felt our needs were not being looked after. There were a few small annoyances. For example, one of our late night room service orders was late. Apparently they had written the room number down incorrectly. While the food had somewhat cooled by the time it arrived, we ate it anyway because we were hungry and tipsy..! We did, of course, mention everything to management, who later did not bill us for the food and thanked us for our understanding. The in-room movie system was down for several days, which was not the fault of the hotel, rather the cable company. All in all, we loved our stay at the hotel. We particularly loved the ability to walk everywhere. The Temple tube stop is literally across the street from the hotel. The Strand and Fleet Street are around the corner. Parliament, Big Ben, and The London Eye are a 12 minute walk away. We will say that the room service was only adequate, and a bit too expensive. Also, their selection was too varied for their kitchen to excel at any one dish. We thought the staff was attentive. To be honest though, we paid for convenience and location, not to be pampered.	
Apr 21 2008 	Fantastic - Highly recommended	We stayed at Swissotel The Howard on Saturday19th April 08 as part of a theatre break to see Joseph and I was thrilled that the hotel lived up to my expectations.Every single member of staff looked genuinly happy and were all very willing to assist in any way.Check in was quick and easy.Room was amazing - clean , very comfortable and great river view.Cooked breakfast was served quickly and cooked to perfction - just delicious .Check out quick and easy and we appreciated the free luggage hold while we went out to Covent Garden on the Sunday morning.If you need to save money there is Tesco a express round the corner with snacks and drinks until late - we brought some back after the show!Look out for the fountains at Somerset House next door - worth a quick visit.You WILL have a great stay here.	
Apr 10 2008 	Brilliant	The Swissotel must have the best views in London. Being on the edge of the Thames near where the river bends we had the most beautiful view down the Thames in both directions. In one direction you can see Big Ben and the London Eye and in the other direction Tower Bridge and St Pauls Cathedral. Plus, in terms of public transport its right near the tube station.The room was very plush and bigger than I expected.The staff were very accomodating, booking a rental car for us and giving us directions to our next destination.I wouldn't usually comment about the free toiletries, but they were so great that I brought them home to see if I could buy them at home.Breakfast was also good.	
Mar 24 2008 	Location great service slow	this hotel seems to inflict its guests with a similar problem - the rooms not being ready on time.I am surprised they haven't improved in this area, at least maybe rethink their check out times. I stayed there with my mother and sister over the Easter weekend. We arrived at the hotel at 2:20pm and were immediately impressed with the lobby decor - don't be put off by the hotel exterior. The very nice young man on reception informed me they had been very busy the previous night and our room wouldn't be ready until 3pm, so gave us a voucher for a free drink each at the bar. Very welcomed given that a gin and tonic would have cost £6.50. So we enjoyed a leisurely free drink in the nicely decored Temple Bar and headed back to reception at 3:30pm to collect our room key. When we arrived at our 2nd floor river view room we were surprised to see only a double bed as I had booked a triple. A knock on the door soon explained that - a young man arrived and proceeded to pull the double bed apart into singles and make up a camp bed. We stood awkwardly in his way for about 10 mins before deciding to go for a walk - anyone in the UK this Easter will know how bad the weather was so this was not good fun! We returned to the room about 4:30pm to discover the young man, a maid and a housekeeper all in the room still making up beds, so we returned to the bar and blagged another round of free drinks. Finally got into the room at 5:00pm - we were going out for food and the theatre so barely had enough time to get ready. Apart from that, great view of the Thames, walking location to Covent Garden and the Enbankment, underground ight outside and nicely decorated. Staff were polite in the main too.	
Mar 3 2008	Slow Service and rude staff do not a five star make	Myself and 3 other ladies stayed at the Howard for one night as a special treat to celebrate a birthday.On arrival we were pleasantly surprised by the beautiful decor and were told that our rooms were already available, despite being early. We had also been upgraded.One room was lovely, with very nice views over the river, but the other had not been made up, and there was bed linen, pillows etc everywhere but on the bed.No problem, we thought. We just rang down to let them know and went out for the afternoon.Returning at just before 7pm, we found the room had still not been made ready. This was very annoying as we had come back for a rest and to get ready for the evening. Upon ringing reception again, there was no apology, just a short &quot;I'll phone Housekeeping&quot;. We couldn't get undressed or anything but had to sit and wait until a surly lady turned up and grumpily made up the bed.We went out for the evening and came back at 1.30, making our way through to the bar for a snack. The barman spotted us coming and practically slammed the doors in our faces. He then poked his head out and said &quot;we're closed, sit in the lobby and I'll get a waiter&quot;. We couldn't believe how rude he was.So we sat in the lobby, and the waiter came over and took our order for food and drink.We waited and waited. The barman came past, and I asked him if he was still on duty. He didn't even look at me, just walked past with a curt &quot;no&quot;.The waiter returned about half an hour later with the coffees, but with a wrong order, so he had to go back and make one coffee again.Still no sign of the food, until finally, three quarters of an hour later, it appeared, completely cold. The fried egg on the burger could have been used as a frisbee it was so rubbery, the chicken was chewy and inedible, and the pot of coleslaw had congealed.I went to reception to complain. The Manageress on duty said she could get the food reheated! I told her she needed to see for herseIf. As I passed the waiter, I explained that the Manageress was coming over and he needed to talk to her, at which point, he said &quot;no, you need to speak to her&quot;, and stormed off! When the Manageress came over, she agreed that it should all be done again, and went to find the waiter.Finally we got our ' new food', but it was clearly the same piece of chicken, the same coleslaw etc, at which point we gave up and went to bed.On the upside, when we checked out the following morning, the Manager on the desk was very apologetic and took the food and drink bill off, and 20% off the room bill.But I have to say, the whole experience tainted our one precious night away and we would not stay at the Howard again. Bad service and rude staff do not a five star make.	
Feb 20 2008 	Excellent hotel - if you're not in a hurry	My wife and I stayed at the Howard last Saturday night and, like a number of other guests, found that our room was not ready on arrival. I understand that this is a common problem, which is probably not helped by the fact that there is only an hour between the published check-out and check-in times. Fortunately, we were in no hurry and enjoyed complimentary drinks in the bar. We were then pleased to be told of an upgrade from a garden-view to a river-view room on the 4th floor.The hotel staff were friendly and helpful during our stay, and we were more than happy with the facilities in our room (huge bed, coffee maker, iron and ironing board, bathrobes and slippers). The panoramic view across the Thames was superb and the traffic noise from The Embankment was audible, but not obtrusive. This is more a 4* than a 5* hotel, but it would be difficult to beat its location – close to Covent Garden/theatres/good restaurants/Temple underground station (although this is closed on Sundays). The Howard represents excellent value for money if you find a good accommodation-only deal and avoid the high costs of dining and room extras by eating out. We would definitely stay at the hotel again, making sure we didn’t have a tight schedule on arrival.	
Feb 12 2008 	NOT 5 star	I booked this hotel directly over the phone with the hotels' reservations manager, who was extremely helpful, courteous and just generally pleased to help and offer his assistance. Great start. Unfortunately though, it all went downhill from there... When I arrived at 4pm there were no rooms ready. I explained that I was meeting some friends before going to the theatre later on so I would apreciate a room as soon as one was available. The rather rude receptionist gestured to the chairs to the side of the reception desk and said 'sit down, I'll tell you when it's ready.'I thought they might have offered a drink in the bar while I was waiting but nothing. After half an hour, I asked another recptionist when my room might be ready. He took my details and said that he has one now. He looked a bit confused that I had been sitting down for half an hour and then asked to check in which made me think that the first receptionist had just forgotten about me. I went to my room on the third floor. Obviously the smoking floor but as I was in such a rush to get ready for the evening, I had no time (or patience) to enquire with the unorganized reception desk. The room was okay. Quite modern but very bland and uninteresting. Not somewhere you'd like to stay for more than one or two nights. Upon leaving the hotel for the evening, I was surprised that there was no doorman. I was going to ask for directions so I went to the Concierge desk which was at the end of the recpetion desk. I asked the gentleman where the Aldwych Theatre was. I knew it was very close as I had already checked online. The Concierge had no idea. He asked the receptionist and she did't know either. She gave me a map and said I should be able to find it on there. They didn't even offer to help me look. I left and asked some people in the street, only to find it was a 3-5 minute walk away!!!The next morning I went down for a cooked breakfast in the restaurant. It was cooked...About half an hour ago and stone cold. I decided to settle for a continental breakfast which consisted of a few standard bread rolls, juice and some ham slices.I waited in line for 10 minutes to check out. There were three receptionists who were obviously not trained in using their systems, had no support from their seniors and just struggled on. Apparently this hotel is 5 star. I have worked in hotels as barman, receptionist, reservationist, room service etc. and I can safely say that this is one of the worst I have encountered. I would grade it 3 or maybe 4 stars. I will avoid this hotel like the plague in the future. I have since tried the Hilton Waldorf which is just around the corner and was in a completely different class and only slightly more expensive-highly recommended.	
Jan 27 2008 	The differences...	A very convenient location for both the City (London Bridge) and West End was really the most important factor when booking this hotel and we cannot fault that. Since we both know London extremely well, it must be said stunning views could be had from this location if the right room is allocated, but we weren't bothered about views, so being given a room overlooking what seemed office buildings accross was fine. We did find it a bit odd that either we could have a complete blackout by closing curtains or nothing at all (no blinds or net curtains) to prevent us from practically being able to see what is on the computer screen in the building accross - perhaps windows are darkened from outside?What wasn't fine is that specifically king bed was requested and although the twin beds it was made of were pushed together and bed was made as king, they were obviously not zipped properly. There was a really uncomfortable joint in the middle of the bed and if you consider that we have specifically arranged (and paid for!) early arrrival (so obviously wanted a rest), it was not great having to choose between accepting what we are given or loose some more precious sleep trying to change rooms.Now, what is really confusing with The Howard is the differences that seem to be right in front of your eyes: the state of the art coffee maker (and very tasty coffee too!!), but the bathroom in a dire need of refurbishment, not just old fittings, but also tatty with mould or just worn and torn past acceptable even at you old aunts'.The bedlinen was lovely and crisp and the room looked very clean, but than we we moved the armchair, a piece of cheese straw (or some of those snacks, we weren't sure what it was as neither of us eat those) appeared from underneath it... so as you can imagine, we weren't going to walk barefooted any more. Shame, as general housekeeping standard seemed very good!One thing that always gets me in the hotels - and Howard by no means is the only one that does it - if I have a DND on my door all day (and we have arrived early that day, so surely room was a pre-reg from the night before), why does the housekeeping feel that they have to phone me by the early afternoon and enquire about servicing the room?!?!Yes, we have not re-routed / stopped our phone calls with reception (we have done that in a past, still to find HK would call by 4 or so), but that is because we haven't told anyone where we were so we can get some rest. It is not like we have had DND for days, I understand in that case guest has to be called - we only arrived about 11am and by 4pm my sleep was interrupted by HK telling me that we have a DND on (yes, I know) and my room needs be serviced (no it doesn't - and even if it did, surely staying at this level would ensure that I could organize it for after 7pm when we had to get out for?).There are some properties that deal with this very elegantly, where a note from exec housekeeper is pushed under the bedroom door (so won't wake you up when you are asleep, but are hard to miss once you wake up) and same one left with reception (although less and less these days as we do not leave keys with reception any more, but they used to give you one when you came there) or even on your TV where it pops up when you next turn it on. It would cover the hotel for explaining to those that may not be such a frequent travellers. Most of us don't need to be told if the room is DND it won't be serviced, but don't feel we should be telling the hotel if we hang / turn on DND sign, we don't want to be disturbed.All in all, a great location, assuming good service (we were due out that evening and were flying very early next morning, so not used many, Room Service delivery was OK), but attention to detail could be better - which is what makes a real difference in this end of the market!! (and why we stay in it, rather than 2 or 3*)	
Jan 25 2008 	The view was amazing	Only stayed for one night but would have been happy to stay longer. The room was large and comortable and the bed very comfy. The view was amazing - night was falling and London was lighting up on a clear night. All of the staff were extremely polite and helpful although could have been quicker in serving at breakfast (appear to want it to be a relaxing experience which is ok if you don't have to rush off to work!). I couldn't figure out how to switch off the air-con in the bedroom which was quite noisy but it didn't keep me awake. Hairdryer didn't work in the morning but they brought me one quickly. Could have been an &quot;excellent&quot; but for these small things.	
Jan 25 2008 	Not Impressed	Having lived in London while in college, I was eager to show my younger brother this fantastic city; I booked us a room at the Swissotel and upgraded to a riverview room based on past reviews.Having received a fantastic deal on this hotel, I was really anticipating a wonderful stay. I was, however, thoroughly unimpressed with much of my stay. There seemed to be a problem every day - from getting messages left at the front desk to ordering room service! There were a few staff who seemed to have trouble speaking English, which was odd because this was an English hotel...I felt as if they grew frustrated with me when I was unable to understand what they were trying to tell me. After speaking with the hotel manager, however, all things seemed to be fine. I just felt it rather unnecessary that we needed to be dealing with so many problems.In terms of the room - the riverview was absolutely amazing. I could not have asked for anything more, and it was really fantastic I was able to show my brother. I really enjoyed the heated towel rack as well. The daily breakfast filled us up for most of the day; I loved having the espresso machine in our room! It was lovely to come back to after a long day. The tube is directly across the street which allows for incredibly easy transportation access.	
Dec 28 2007 	Excellent value and staff	Arrived on time. Room not ready. given complimentary cocktails. Got upgrade to fantastic 70s style suite. Loved the kocation and staff are top of the grade as far aqs im concerned.	
Dec 27 2007 	Good Hotel  Great Views	Overall the hotel was very good and met all expectations. The staff at reception and front door was very friendly. Staff was readily available with maps and directions.The room was very nice and clean with all the extras. We were given an upgrade to a large suite on a high floor with excellent views of Parliament, Big Ben and the London Eye.We didn't eat at the hotel as prices seemed high (typical), but nice restaurants were readily available nearby.The location of the hotel was very convenient with an Underground stop across the street and all major attractions within a 30 minute walk.	
Dec 12 2007 	Great service free upgrade	I booked a river view room at the Howard through lastminute.com's secret hotel facility. After reading previous reviews on TripAdvisor I paid the extra for a river view room.On arrival the staff were very polite and informed me that I had been upgraded to a suite, still with a view over the river. Without prompting, I was asked what my plans for the evening were and was given detailed instructions and a map outlining how to get from the hotel to our theatre.The room was lovely with a large bathroom, huge bed and great view over the Palace of Westminster, Big Ben and the London Eye. The only downside was that it was on the first floor, right above reception and the hotel entrance. Being a city dweller I could happily sleep through the noise but it might have been a problem for a lighter sleeper.Having been informed that a large party of guests was checking in next morning, I arrange for a fast check out and was away next morning in 10 mins. Overall a great stay.	
Dec 12 2007 	Good location decent hotel	Service was what it should be, except for luggage problems when we first arrived. We checked our bags at the front desk because our room wasn't available yet and when we returned to get our room we asked the concierge to send our bags up to our room. After spending 8 hours on the airplane and several more hours getting to the hotel, etc., we were in need of a change of clothes, etc. After waiting another hour for our bags, they were finally delivered to our room (after I called twice to get them). Other than that, eveything else was fine. The room was spacious enough and clean, except for the bathroom. The bathtub was so dirty it was actually scary. I can't imagine anyone actually taking a bath in there, standing in it to shower was bad enough. The shower door only goes halfway across the shower, so the water leakes out basically everywhere. The location of the hotel was good.	
Dec 10 2007 	good solid hotel in line with expectataions	Overall the hotel was very good in terms of expected service quality for this type of hotel. The staff at reception and front door was excellent and very friendly.The room was very nice and clean with all the usual facilities. I was given an upgrade to a large suite.The location of the hotel was very central with Covent Garden about 10 mins walk away.I would stay at the hotel again.	
Dec 8 2007 	Not a 5 star hotel	I booked a river view room and I turned up expecting a luxury hotel and felt like I was ripped off. The view was of the river but first you look over the roof of a horrible looking pub and 4 lanes of constant traffic. A few weeks I stayed at a 4 star hotel in London and it was far superior to this as well as cheaper. When you first enter the hotel you start to realise that this is not a top hotel. The room was OK but the bathroom was a joke with it being small and dated. There was even stains on the ceiling and loose fittings. My star ratings which I think the hotel deserve are below and I am not being mean just comparing it to past London hotel experiences which lately have been a lot!View: 4/5Room: 4/5Bathroom: 3/5Hotel in general: 4/5Staff: 3/5This hotel is due a re rating very soon and I would like to know who gives them these ratings	
Nov 12 2007	The top! (But try to get it at a discount rate)	This is one of the the best London hotels I've ever stayed in, second only to the Athenaeum. Beautiful and spacious rooms, excellent bed, an extremely comfortable environment. The Lavazza espresso machine (with complimentary pads) really topped it all. All staff members were very friendly. The location is perfect: Temple tube station across the road, a one minute walk from the Strand. Rooms at the front side are said to have stunning views over the Thames - my room at the back overlooked a bit of green and office buildings, but is was very quiet and the windows kept all outside noise out (remarkable in this part of town).The only criticism is can think of is that Internet use should not come at a stiff 15 pounds extra.I booked via a last minute hotel website and got the hotel as a 'mystery property' (though pasting the hotel description in Google immediately told you which hotel it was) at a rate of 110 pounds - about the price you pay for any average 3-star boutique room in London. Highly recommended.	
Oct 8 2007 	Another great stay.	We stayed at the Howard this weekend just gone, for the second time. The location and standard of accommodation are great. I agree that £5 for a bottle of water is a bit steep, but there is a very handy little Tesco just round the corner! Our only words of warning would be - don't leave your car unattended while you check in. Ours got a parking ticket in the three minutes between us arriving and the valet collecting it to park - the wardens will not cancel your ticket, no matter how much the hotel valet argues on your behalf and the hotel accepts no responsibility either.Also, we were disturbed at 9.15am on the morning of check out by the cleaners wanting to clean the room - despite having our 'do not disturb' light on and the same cleaners wanting to turn down our bed at 6pm (!) the previous evening - who's out for the evening by 6pm??? Having said all that - the view (especially from one of the top floors) makes up for it all!!	
Oct 6 2007 	Great Anniversary	Great service throughout the two night stay. Complimentary water would have been appreciated.Fantastic location, would definately stay again.	
Sep 28 2007 	5* Service YES! 5* Room Not Really.	With frequent travels to Europe and the UK we expected a little more from The Howard. Service is defiantly five star, from the moment we arrived we were taken very good care of. Our luggage was delayed and they accommodated us beautifully for the first 24 hours we were with out luggage. We were in London for a series of concerts and we had some ticket trouble and the concierge with no hesitation helped us resolve our trouble. Perfect service from the staff at all times. Our room was spotless everyday when we returned. The room is mediocre...we had a room on the 7th floor with a river view. Although the view is spectacular the room is an average business hotel room. Reliable and comfortable, but lacked a little style in my personal opinion. The location is really spectacular with the Temple tube station literally right across the street. Being right on the District and Circle line makes it very easy to access the entire city. Normally we stay in a flat, but it was occupied the week we were in town, so we picked The Howard and the location beat our flat hands down. Again I can't say enough about the service and location but did not meet my expectation with the room. I think if I stayed here again I would pay for a suite with a balcony. Don't hesitate to stay here you will love the location and service.	
Sep 23 2007 	Great Choice	Our travel agent picked this through AA vacations since it was in the part of London we wanted. It was an excellent choice! It is a business hotel located across the street from the Temple tube stop so conveniently located for public transportation or for walking as so many attractions are also close by. The staff provided efficient, pleasant service, and after a couple of days the wait staff recalled how we liked our coffee. The continental breakfast was very good. The room was very nice even though we were not on the side toward the river. Our room overlooked the courtyard garden, which was lovely. Since we were in London for a week and involved in heavy duty sightseeing, it was terrific to relax in the comfortable bed each evening. We also appreciated the quiet the room provided. (The expresso machine is a great touch.) We would highly recommend this hotel and hope to stay there again in the future.	
Sep 20 2007 	Quiet with great views up and down the Thames	Though rooms are contemporary, the hardware and architectural touches give them a classic feel, thus comfortably blending modern with classic. Rooms are good sized and are very well appointed, with the extras you would expect from a hotel of this class. Staff is friendly and helpful. Centrally located, across from Temple stop, a short walk to The Eye, Westminster Abbey, Theatreland, Covent Garden, etc., yet due to it's direct location on the Thames, is a bit off the beaten tourist path making it feel a bit secluded and quiet. We paid the premium for a river view room, and we loved it, sweeping unobstructed spectacular views, well worth the hefty charge. There is also a lovely garden, very soothing. We would definitely return and recommend it highly.	
Sep 15 2007 	pleasant but not 5 star	My son and1 stayed at theHoward for 1 night in August. I chose the hotel for its location and reputation. I was a little disappointed. When we arrived I paid an extra £35 for a view over the river and this was great. However the room was lacking in character although streamlined and pleasant. The coffee machine was a nice touch. However the bathroom was definitely on the small side for a 5* hotel and there wasn't a generous supply of toiletries. Breakfast was good although the fruit was tasteless. Staff were polite and helpful. I probably wouldn't stay here again given the vast choice in London.	
Sep 14 2007 	Lovely hotel - but watch your bill!	The location of this hotel is excellent, just walking distance to Theatreland and right opposite the tube station. We paid extra for a riverview room and were not disappointed - the views from the 4th floor were stunning.The room was beautifully appointed but very sparsely supplied with tea and coffee - twice we had to ring down for more. Beds were comfortable and bathroom spotless and well appointed.We did not try the restaurant in the evening, so can't comment on that. However, breakfast was very good with a huge continental buffet, hot food cooked to order (no helping yourself to congealing scrambled eggs!).We did however have a couple of problems. On displaying our bill on the TV on the second night we noticed 3 phone calls. We had never used the phone. We complained to reception and they confirmed they were all made between 10.30 and 11.00am, when we were not even in residence. I told them to have a word with their chambermaid! They said they would remove them. 24 hours later they were still there so I complained again and they were finally removed. Then on the last morning, one breakfast mysteriously appeared on the bill. We were on a package on bed and breakfast basis, so we complained and it was removed. They didn't argue with us at any point, but it spoiled what was otherwise a magnificent experience. I guess so many businessmen pass through the hotel who don't bother to check their itemised bills.One more thing - one of the reviews said there was no charm about the hotel, and you could be anywhere in the world. Well, having travelled all over the world, I can say this is a typical Swissotel - everything is as you would expect. They are noted for their high quality standards of comfort and as such this certainly fitted the bill. If you want character, go somewhere like The Goring or Claridges. We found the hotel comfortable and welcoming and the location and room standard was excellent.Shame about that bill though!!	
Sep 2 2007	Not a 5 star hotel	This is a report for our two separate stays at this hotel this summer. Overall, our stays were okay. However, I do not think that this hotel is a 5 star. I had never stayed in 5-star hotels in the UK and therefore I do not think I can make fair comparisons between this hotel and average 5 stars in the UK, but I’d give it only 4 or 4.5 stars at most. It is not a bad hotel at all, but it does not seem to have characters and quality services that 5 star hotels are supposed to be able to offer to their customers. We experienced several incidents there that we had not expected to encounter in 5-star hotels. For example, upon our second arrival, we were not offered a porter though each of us had two pieces of luggage. We did not see many customers there so I do not think that’s because there was no one available. Then we found our room was a double-bedded room with a shower, though our online reservation form said that our room has a king bed with a separate sitting room. We called the reception reporting the situation, but the person who took my call insisted that it should be our room. I had to explain her the fact that we had reserved rooms from the same category for our two stays and for our first stay we had received a room consistent with the descriptions in the reservation form. Eventually she said she would talk to the manager who then quickly apologized and arranged a new room for us. Yes, the problem was resolved, but my conversation with the receptionist was a bit unpleasant. Another thing. A couple of times I saw the doorman was reading the free newspaper and did not pay attention to several people including us just walking in/out from the hotel.The rooms we stayed in were spacious, but were not well maintained. The upper shower holder and shower handle in our first room were cracked. During our second stay we found that the sofa in the room had large stains. Some parts of the bath rooms were made of cheap plastic, which made the rooms look cheap.Housekeeping was sort of a mess and inconsistent. During our first stay, we found holes on the flat sheet on one night. One day we got half empty bottles of shampoo and lotion. One housekeeper who had come to fill the espresso machine with water (it’s locked and only housekeeping staff can open the tank) used our own Evian for the refill. We were there so I said it’s not for the machine, but she continued pouring it in the machine! We also found that the espresso machine was leaking heavily in one morning and reported it to housekeeping so we could get a replacement. A housekeeping person came in, grabbed the towels from the bathroom, left them around the espresso machine, and left the room. No clean-up. No replacement was delivered until late afternoon.Across our two stays, housekeeping staff came to do second bed-making on some days, while on other days they did not. They sometimes left two pieces of chocolate, and other times just one. The things described above make us think that the hotel does not really deserve 5 stars. I guess our expectations for this hotel had been so high that anything that did not meet our expectations stood out. Maybe we were simply unlucky. Maybe the views count for the 5th star (our rooms faced the garden, which was fine). Maybe we were too picky.There are many good things about the hotel of course. The hotel staff members at the reception were pleasant, friendly, and proactive generally speaking. The location is good. It’s very close to major tourist attractions first timers to London would not want to miss. Tesco Express is nearby. The Temple tube station and bus stops are a minute away.	
Sep 1 2007 	Great Stays	Myself and my wife stayed at the Howard over the bank holiday weekend, this is our third stay at the hotel. The Howard has a great location on the embankment over looking the Thames, if you pay a £35 supplement you will be upgraded to a river view room, from which you will see the London Eye, Big Ben etc. We did not bother with this as we were only there to see the Rolling Stones at the O2, and were hardly in the room. The rooms are of a good standard, with a great coffee maker. The hotel has a great bar and dining area where weather depending you can eat outside. Our room rate was £144.00, forLondon a very good price.	
Aug 31 2007 	Excellent. Want to go again!	Wanted a hotel on the Embankment because this is such an exciting part of London for we country folk. Have stayed at Horse Guards (wonderful), Savoy( even more wonderful), but fancied a change.Really liked The Swissotel. Charm and civility throughout the stay (2 nights).Modern and imaculate.Room on the 7th floor over looking the garden. Huge bed, little sitting room,mini bar,excellent tea and coffee making facilities in room. Totally taken with it. Yes it is a tad on the expensive side for drinks but it's spoil yourself time. Loved the cocktails!!Went to The Sound of Music- brilliant! London is the place to be and this Hotel helped to make it a memorable stay.	
Aug 28 2007 	Excellent Service but not cheap	I stayed there with my wife and 4 kids on vacation. While expensive by North American standards (195 GBP's per night per room for 3 people), the staff including concierge, front desk and restaraunt/lounge were excellent. Rooms were OK...nice bathroom with heated towel racks for a nice warm touch. Location is really convenient with the Strand, Covent Garden, and the tube in very close proximity. Would call it a good 4 star hotel. Would stay again.	
Aug 23 2007 	Fantastic - great location views 	My husband and I decided that we would like to have a break in London taking in a show. We booked the hotel as the reviews were good and it was close to our show venue - the Adelphi (Can you guess what show we saw - lol!) The location right next to Temple tube is great and interestingly I didn't notice any tube noise from anywhere in the hotel. Covent Garden is also a short hop and if you are looking for an excellent meal out - Christopher's American Bar &amp; Grill on Wellington Street is well worth a visit (again not far from the hotel)We arrived at the hotel after check in time and our room wasn't ready. A bit disappointed as I wanted to relax prior to our evening out but to give the hotel their due they said the room would be ready in an hour and it was . They also provided us with complimentary drinks at the Temple bar.We had room 708 which was a river view and we had an absolutely wonderful view of London Bridge, the London Eye, Big Ben etc. I could quite easily have spent hours just watching the view. The rooms were very clean and tidy - the maid service excellent. The maids came in every night and turned the bed down, something I wasn't expecting and they also refilled the tea/coffee's as well at the same time. Having a coffee machine in the room was a lovely idea and the coffee great.The staff were absolutely lovely, very friendly and gave us a most fantastic time. They were attentive, cheerful, service orientated - I really can't praise them enough. I booked our stay via the hotel website and I would suggest that you book early although keep an eye on their deals. I booked us the 'endless weekend' deal which was £165+Vat including english breakfast (which would have been an extra £26.50 each). Mind you the english breakfast kept us going all day - no need for lunch! The temple bar was expensive compared to pub prices but I feel that for what you got the price was extremely reasonable.All in all, I am already planning my return to this hotel.	
Aug 19 2007 	Rooms are very poor for a 5 star	While the Swissotel is in a good location, the quality of rooms is poor. I stayed in the hotel with 5 other friends as part of my hen do in London. The hotel foyer, bar etc are all lovely but once into the rooms the quality does not continue. The rooms are basic and lacking light - the first room I was in backed onto the brick wall of another building! Overall very expensive for what you get - I've stayed in much nicer four star hotels in London.	
Aug 11 2007 	the most memorably unmemorable stay ever - did i vacation in a black hole?	the swissotel has a fine location near the city and west end, great river views, is modern and clean and for london, not bad value for money. if i were travelling on business and wanted somewhere reliable and comfortable to lay my head after a long day, i'd feel satisfied. but, there is just nothing memorable about this hotel and for $850 for a 2 night stay, i would like to take home a memory of good service, a personal touch, a great meal, something. once inside, you could be in any city in the world. it is devoid of personality. the front desk staff are polite and have great teeth, but just have nothing very welcoming about them. the rooms are well-maintained, the linens a good thread count, the bathroom well appointed, but again, benignly neutral. i could not recommend this hotel because there's just nothing to recommend.plus point: * gaggia espresso maker in your room. we were delightfully caffeinated most of our stay. woo-hoo.minus points:* i asked for a higher level room, the hotel was not that busy, they put me on 3 and just shrugged their shoulders when i asked if i could be moved. &quot;you can still see the river from there.&quot; i know that, i paid the supplement, but i saw the river through the a bunch of trees.* the concierge was dreadful. endless delays to simple questions because &quot;my internet is slow today.&quot; i could use the internet myself, i want an informed opinion! he did not know simple journey times within zone 1, had never heard of shoreditch, his estimated walking times were a mild jog to say the least. tip - just take your blackberry and do it yourself.* room service menu is short and boring, the food bland. and overly fussy - why stuff a wad of oversized capers in a cheddar and pickle sandwich?* the corridor smelt strongly of cigarettes (a non-smoking hotel?) and also of sewage when we checked in (eww).i would ask the hotel to throw london a bone. pop up a photo of big ben or buckingham palace or chelsea FC or something! spritz some earl grey room scent around. pop an ironic union jack floor mat in the bathroom. just something to cue where you are.either splurge and go somewhere where you'll feel special, or find somewhere more charming that feels quintessentially london - or ideally do both.i won't be back.	
Aug 6 2007	Great Stay	Upon arrival we were greeted by the friendliest car parking assistant by the name of Sharaz. Was very helpful throughout our stay as were the reception staff. The qualtiy of reception, bar and resturaunt were what you'd expect of a 5 star hotel. We stayed in the River view room and was well worth the extra. The room was lovely, spacious and decorated to a high standard.The only negative thing I could say about the room was that the bed was two single beds pushed together... Nothing to moan about though.I would definetly stay at the Howard again, the location was unbeatable!!	
Jul 31 2007 	Just okay	There were many, many slip ups regarding my stay here. After speaking with the charming hotel manager each time, everything turned out okay... But it was very frustrating at moments. I am not one to lose my patience with hotel staff, however, I don't like being mistreated while paying for a stay.We upgraded to have a river view, and it was incredibly worth it. We had a corner room, so there were sweeping views of Parliament all the way to Tower Bridge. That was really wonderful to see everyday.Breakfast was included in my stay; it was wonderful. Cappuccino was also included - a must in Europe! The selection wasn't terribly large, but there was more than enough to please anyones palet. We tried room service for dinner after a day trip in Paris; it was very nice. We also had desserts &amp; cappuccino's sent to our room after some evenings at the theatre, that was also very nice.I loved the location! The tube stop was right accross the street, which was wonderful. The manager was so helpful - he even mailed out letters for us. The bar scene was pretty packed on Friday and Saturday nights, however, it didn't bother us in the room at all.While some of the staff seemed to be.....not too bright, the location of the hotel makes this stay worth it... You absolutely can not beat the views.	
Jul 30 2007 	Would stay again	Friendly and professional staff and a comfortable experience from day one on check-in through day four when we checked-out.Use of the complimentary expresso machine in the room was fantastic. We chose the river view which you end up paying more, but I personally think it's worth it, unless you travel to London frequently. (This was my first time). One of the windows though needed cleaning from the outside as there was a layer of dirty film.Room size was adequate, bed was comfortable (firm, but I like it that way), and as one reviewer mentioned earlier, lots of little touches that made our stay in London enjoyable. Location, location, location. Most places were within walking distance. And those that weren't, you could assess by tube. The Temple tube station is literally just steps from the front lobby. The ONLY problem I had with this hotel was the usage of internet. 15 GBP daily charge which for a hotel of this standard, should be just made free to the guest.	
Jul 26 2007 	A stunning view!	I stayed here with my partner, combining our visit with a trip to the Globe. The hotel is very elegent - our room was large and very comfortable with stunning views over the Thames stretching from Tower Bridge to Westminster. The bathroom was lovely too - plenty of thoughtful little touches. The staff were all very helpful and friendly. Breakfast was delicious - lots of choice, and the staff insist that only the very best is good enough. A prime location - we were made to feel very special at this hotel.	
Jul 15 2007 	Pretty Okay	The location of the Swisshotel is great. Close to local attractions as the Eye, Covent Garden, and the Tube. We booked our reservations with Expedia--very reasonable. Our room was 101, probably the worst room in the hotel. The room close to the elevator and no view. The room was very clean and the bathroom was comfortable. I have read the other reviews stating the bed was comfortable, our bed was very, very firm. The staff seemed a little standoff-ish. The bellman was great, he gave the best customer service. Had great dinners at Wagamama's, Pasta Brown, and Fuel. All were reasonable priced and about a 10 minute walk. Use the Tube to get around; the attendants at each station are very helpful. We really enjoyed Borough Market-It is an open air market. They had really interesting items that were local. We had lunch at Fish! Diner which is a contemporary pub.	
Jul 12 2007 	fantastic	room overlooking the river was fantastic. Temple tube stationacross the road and a taxi to covent garden was four pound fromoutside the hotel if you did not want the 10minute walk. Thebreakfast was included for us and was very good. However themain highlight of this hotel was the view from the rooms the london eye the houses of parliment and big ben plus towerbridge were all visable from the room on the 7th floor. woulddef go back next time in london	
Jun 24 2007 	Very much satisfied	We spent a long May Bank Holiday weekend at Swissotel The Howard. Taking the tube into London from Heathrow was easy enough and cheaper than the HEX. Changing at Hammersmith was very effortless as you only had to walk across the platform. From Temple tube station it's a half minute walk up the stairs and across the road to the hotel. The only thing is Temple does not have any lifts, so you will need to carry your luggage up.Arriving about 10 AM Friday our room was not ready, the hotel had been fully booked the previous night we were informed. We left out luggage with the doorman and headed out to Covent Garden, only a 10 minute walk. Upon return our we collected our keys and went upstairs, the bellboy arrived with the luggage a minute later. The room was a Swiss Business Advantage Deluxe Room on the 4th floor, next to the lift. We did not hear any noise at all from the lifts or people in the hallway. The room was about 22 sqm and had an adjoining sitting room with a couch, chair, table and a desk. We had booked an saver rate and thus received the garden view, which is nothing to write home about.Well stocked and expensive minibar and the infamous espresson machine. The machine was easy to use and was a very nice touch. Marble bathroom with a tub and toiletries. Nice, big soft king bed and extra pillows in the closet.The concierge was very helpful in giving advice, directions and writing up or mapping out for us. All the staff were friendly, helpful and polite. If you arrive by taxi they will open the car door and get your luggage/shopping for you. When leaving for dinner one night there was a drizzle, so the doorman stepped out and got us a cab before he escorted us using an umbrella. Nice little touches all around.Our rate did not include breakfast, so we didn't eat at the hotel. It was priced at £26 pp for Full English, but there are several Pret a Mangers nearby, though some are closed on weekends as it's a bit of a office district. There's a Starbucks in Covent Garden, which we had breakfast at a few times.The location overall is very good, and if you get a river view room you'll have nice views of the Thames and London Eye. Short walk to West End and Covent Garden and Temple tube a 30 second walk. Would definitely return if the price is right (again), the rack rates at this hotel are very expensive and I'm not the kind of person who spends much time in the hotel room when in London.	
Jun 24 2007 	Great service Great views	Had a room with a river view, which was fantastic. Espresso machine in room. Felt very contemprary and modern and very comfortable.Room service was very fast and lovely hot food. Breakfast was wonderful and bar service was great.We really could'nt fault the hotel and loved the location which was central, but seemed out of the hustle and bustle of London.Would definitely go again.	
Jun 14 2007 	Simply The Best	Spent a wonderful weekend at The Howard Swissotel. The staff were not only very attentive they were also very friendly and nothing was too much bother. We were lucky enough to have a balcony room on the 8th Floor, the view was fantastic - the Thames from Tower Bridge to Big Ben. The room was also lovely- clean, modern and with every amenity you could wish for.We never used the Restaurant, but the breakfast was great. Possibly one of the best Hotels I have ever stayed in anywhere. I would recommend this Hotel to anyone. As London Hotels go the price was very reasonable for this Luxury Hotel.	
Jun 6 2007	A solid hotel	A very nice hotel with large rooms and convenient location in the Covent Gardens area. The staff was very attentive and the service was good. I would definitely stay there again.	
Jun 4 2007	Excellent weekend break	I booked this hotel for a weekend break to celebrate my husbands birthday. I asked about an upgrade and for a nominal charge we were allocated a room on the 8th floor, which was excellent as it had it's own balcony and great views along the Thames - well worth the extra expense. The staff are very friendly and nothing is too much trouble, the breakfast was first class with good choices, there were two bars offering a wide range of drinks - cocktails to malt whiskys! The hotel is perfectly placed for London central - right opposite Temple tube station and there is even a Walkabout pub close by, just incase you want to watch the rugby between sightseeing. We visited Westminster Abbey and the Tate Modern and walked to both. A real plus is the 'Stretch your weekend' arrangement, with breakfastbeing served until 2:00pm and check-out 4:00pm. We would deffinately return.........................enjoy!	
May 29 2007	Excellent London Hotel	Stayed here on Saturday 26 May. Cannot fault this hotel in any way. Large clean room with very comfortable king size bed. The room we had was on the 7th floor with wonderful views of the river. We chose the bed and breakfast option which we booked directly with the hotel. The breakfast was excellent, lots of choice and quickly and professionally served. It is about a 5 minute walk from Covent Garden. All in all very good stay and would not hesitate to book this hotel again when we next have a trip to London. Book with confidence.	
May 13 2007 	Amazing Views!	I stayed at this hotel last summer with my partner. We had a great time. The hotel was lovely. I had read the reviews and booked the hotel because of the views. They lived up to my expectations!August is not normally too busy in London and we hardly saw any other guests around. The service was great, everyone was friendly.The hotel is situated seconds away from the tube station... which was great. All in all this was a lovely hotel and it really made our break in London. It is expensive, but well worth it for the comfort, convenience and the views.	
Apr 11 2007 	First class (without the cost)	Modern, stylish hotel with excellent service. Rooms are large and very well furnished, with a huge bed a lovely bathroom. Plus an Espresso machine. Absolutely fantastic.Location was perfect, being on the Circle Line you can get to pretty much anywhere in London, and the tube is just outside literally. We got a cheap deal on lastminute.com's 'secret locations', all in all great value for money.	
Apr 4 2007 	Simply Wonderful	A first rate property with a great location. We booked a number of tickets for the National Theatre and what a pleasure it was to just walk there via the Waterloo Bridge. For trips by tube, Temple stop is right out the door. The staff at the hotel were extremely professional and could not have been more pleasant, but I do always find that if you're courteous and respectful to the staff you're always rewarded. The room was spotless and the bed extremely comfortable. House keeping were on top of everything. Due to the extremely high price of breakfast, however, we opted to do take away from Pret Manger. We also did not eat other meals at the hotel as I can never understand why anyone would come to London and eat at a hotel when there are so many truly great restaurant options available.	
Mar 26 2007 	Disgraceful !!!	Date of Stay : 03/03/07Review by : Clare , St Albans, HertfordshireWe had been looking forward to our trip to London for Nine months since we purchased our Dirty Dancing Tickets. There were five of us and we had booked a triple room and a twin room through a third party Website. We arrived early (12:30) at the hotel an knew we could not book in until 14:00. Confirmed our booking with the desk and told them we would be back after lunch. We arrived back in th hotel at 15.00 checked in and went to our rooms. The rooms were made up into two double beds and no third bed to be seen - we complained to the desk and they told us to come down to the lounge and they would sort it . 45 mins later no one informed us whether the rooms were ready - so we went back up. The rooms had now been turned into to two twin rooms - still no sign of the third bed. We phoned down again and asked for the Duty manager to come up to the room. He offered to put the third bed into the room himself - so we went next door to the twin room and came back - still no bed !! It was now getting on fro 5.15 and we still had no rooms to relax in - when finaly they rolled in a camp bed - yes a camp bed , the staff were laughing and giggling at us ! The triple room had only two sets of towels and robes - it took three phone calls to get the towels and when they arrived you would think there were 6 people staying in our room. We all paid £120 each to stay in this hotel and one of us had to sleep on a camp bed in a double room - not a triple room. The stay got worse by us nearly missing our show as the hotel told us not to worry booking a taxi - loads outside - we ended up running to the theatre and got there just as the show started. Breakfast was not good and all the orders were mixed up - and not once were we offered a complimentary drink !! The duty Manager had to wait to see the Hotel Manager to discuss our complaint and even then we did not hear from them for over a week. We complained to the Manager and eventually after us contacting him he offered us afternoon tea for 4 people (despite the fact that there were 5 of us staying at the hotel !! ) The customer service was a disgrace and the compensation very poor - staff were rude and service very slow. Rooms very small even though they were called superior . Wont be staying at this hotel again !	
Mar 21 2007	It's Great --But.	Yup it's good. Yup it's 4 star. Fastest elevators on the planet (3). Clean and neat. Modern and business oriented. Good efficient staff. Big rooms. Great service.Way too expensive! Notice how all the reviews say what a great view they had? They were on the outside of the cube. That's the &quot;river view&quot;. The inside of the cube gets the &quot;garden view&quot; that&quot;s mostly concrete and office windows and one tree. We are retired teachers who got a deal through Gate 1 travel for $248 a night with breakfast. For us that was a splurge. Regular callers spend $350 - $400 per night - no problem.Breakfast ? Great! But $72 continental for 2 if it's not included. Full English? $80 for 2. If you go to the Howard have a great time! It's nice. Covent Garden is near and the Wellington Pub round the corner is great. Just please have your tab paid as a business trip!PS We got the &quot;Garden View&quot;.	
Mar 19 2007 	five star service	we have stayed for 2 nights at the swissotel at Temple off the embankment in london. We arrived there by car,they have valet parking, friendly lobby staff the room although not very big (superior room) was well decorated and clean. room service was prompt and the food was good. good viewof the thames from the room walkable to london eye parliament etc.good value for money.	
Mar 9 2007 	excellent stay very high standards	Me and my boyfriend stayed in the Swissotel in August 2006. As soon as we got there, the very professional receptionist booked us in and upgraded us to a bigger room. The room was outstanding - very spacious, clean, stylish. The bathroom was also very impressive. The housekeeper we had was again very professional and friendly and did a job of the highest standards. I would reccomend this hotel to anyone and would definately go back there.	
Mar 7 2007 	Wow - What a View!	A lovely hotel. The extra money for the rivew view is worth it - not many hotels in London have good views, but the upper floors have a sweep from Tower Bridge to the Houses of Parliament.Hotel feels intimate, though has good business services, and staff is very polite and pleasant. Location is very central and convenient, well soundproofed, and the location just off The Embankment makes it feel somewhat private.Hotel is freshly renovated, with well equipped bathrooms. Room service is efficient and good, though pricy (it is London).Note hotel usually has good weekend rates on internet, making it one of the best values for good central hotels.Oh, and did I mention the views?	
Mar 3 2007	Really really good	I stayed here last summer, and despite the airconditioning failing at that time, I was impressed enough to return. The decision was fully justified. This time I took a river view room, and it was well worth it. The view is spectacular, ranging from St. Paul's on the left to the Houses of Parliament on the right. Watching the sun rising over Tower Bridge was like being in an Impressionist painting.The room was excellent, with only the pawky bathroom letting it down, but there are nice toiletries and it is all well kept. The Lavazzo coffee maker in the room is a really nice touch.Service, as before, was impeccable - the staff cannot do enough to help you. The food in Jaan, the restaurant, is superb. Prices, of course, are high, but you pay for what you get and at no time did I feel that I had not received value for money. Frankly, with this view I would class the hotel as a bargain (not so the rooms on the other side, though, a little cheaper but a view of Accenture??)One cavill only - they seem to struggle with their computer booking system - allow time to check out.	
Feb 21 2007	Amazing Experience	We upgraded at the last minute to a corner terraced suite on the 9th floor, and boy was it worth it! Wonderful views, such a comfy bed, great facilities, what more can I say? The service was second to none, with a truly personal feel eg the porter used our name as we entered &amp; left the hotel each day. We were made to feel very special.The breakfast, which was included in our rate, was amazing, although if it hadn't been included we wouldn't have paid the extortionate price!We ate in both the bar &amp; restaurant, the bar was expensive for what you got, but the restaurant was fantastic. We opted for the taster menu, with a wine pairing. Each course &amp; wine was explained without blinding us with science! Once again the service was great.The location was wonderful, we crossed the road &amp; walked along The Embankment to the London Eye, then back the other way to St Pauls Cathedral &amp; The Tate.All in all a truly sublime experience, which we hope to repeat again.	
Feb 8 2007 	Best view in London!	My husband I were able to secure a very good rate through our travel agent for five nights at this hotel. Prior to our arrival, I signed up for Swissotel's member through their website(free of charge or obligation), which meant that if available we would be upgraded to a river view. When we arrived at the hotel, I presented my membership card are we were upgraded to a room on the 4th floor with a beautiful view of the Thames, Big Ben, London Eye and Parliment! Lucky for us the excellent breakfast buffet was included with our room price, otherwise we would have not paid for the super expensive breakfast. Staff was very helpful and friendly, and the hotel is in an excellent location with Temple Tube station directly across the street and well within walking distance to the major tourist sites and Covent Garden. Our tub was missing a stopper, and within minutes of calling the front desk they provided one for us. We enjoyed eating at the Wellington Pub, which was a few blocks away. Our only complaint about the hotel would be the uncomfortable beds, but other than that this hotel was wonderful. On a side note, I am looking forward to England becoming smoke free July 2007. Pubs will be much more enjoyable without all the smoke!	
Jan 25 2007 	disappointing	Food, Room service food was very badly cooked and cold. My fried egg was actually black on the bottom. Breakfast in the restaurant was also cold and we were sat at a dirty table on our third morning. We walked out in disgust.Service, In the mauve lounge the service was exceptionally slow. We ordered coffee, watched it being made and waited 15 miutes for it to be served to us by which time it was totally undrinkable. We asked for it to be changed and all the waitress would do was add more hot water. It was not unusual to wait 20 minutes or more for drinks to be served in the evenings.Staff, Staff in the mauve lounge were rude and arrogant. A waitress leaned across in front of me and pointed in the face of the lady sat next to me demanding to know if she wanted a drink. The words used were &quot;Do you want a drink&quot; We found this behaviour shocking.Decor, Vases of flowers in the mauve lounge were well past their best. Dead hydrangeassitting in stagnant water attracted flies and were unpleasant.We will not be staying at this hotel again	
Jan 10 2007 	Great Views Of The River and The London Eye	I took my girlfriend to the Swissotel in September last year for her 19th Birthday and have to say the hotel was ace, the location was excellent, right next to Temple tube station which means you can get pretty much any where with ease. The views from the room were excellent, i tried re-booking for New Years Eve, to be able to watch the fireworks, but the hotel was full up by mid October.Love the room, the coffee machine was a great touch, took a while to get to know how to work tho. Room was a large size very clean and tidy. The Reception staff were very helpful, and the bar staff seemed pretty nice to.Only disipointment was the price, it cost nearly £200 for one night and the next morning we went down for breakfast, only to find it wasnt included, and was £24.95 for a continental, which i thought was a bit steep.Would definatly recommend tho for a weekend break to the City.Ross	
Jan 9 2007 	Wonderful experience with The Howard	We got an amazing rate at The Howard, due to a glitch in the website on the day I booked the room (this is WHY I booked here). 45 GBP/night, not including VAT! So it ended up being just a little over $100/night! We really lucked out.We were in London on Christmas holiday, and this place was definitely a treat! We had a fantastic experience. We are budget travelers, so we felt like we were living in luxury here. The staff was very accommodating and helpful. When our room was not ready for us upon check-in at 2pm, they offered us complimentary drinks in the bar, which we accepted, and they kept our bags for us. When we returned from a walk later that afternoon, our room was ready and they had upgraded us to an executive suite, instead of the deluxe we had booked, plus they had honored our request for nonsmoking (which was vital for us). The room was beautiful (having just come from REAL budget accommodations in Paris!). Roomy, comfortable, and clean. We enjoyed the coffeemaker, the Toblerones left for us each night at turndown service, and the quiet of the hotel in general (we were on the top floor too, but on the building view side; no view). The staff were always eager to give us recommendations, directions, etc. The only downside was that if we had wanted to stay in for breakfast or any other meal, it was too expensive for us. (Breakfast for example: 18 GBP) But it was no problem to go out for food. There was a Tesco (supermarket) very near, and lots of restaraunts of course in Covent Garden and Leicester Square, just a 10 or so minute walk away. Or hop the Tube right across the street and go anywhere else you want. We did use the Internet available in the hotel, although it was overpriced (4 GBP/ 15 min.), just because it was so convenient to have it right downstairs.We loved the location. At night, we would walk to the West End for the shows we went to see and when they were over, felt comfortable making the short walk back to The Howard. I had been concerned because several on here had cited the shower water pressure as being a great problem. The pressure however was harder there than it is at our house, so obviously this wasn't a problem! There is something you can adjust on the shower nozzle to determine the intensity of your water pressure. Maybe those that had a problem with that didn't know that they could make it harder? The last thing we had to worry about was the bill at check-out. Would they honor that incredibly low rate? We had absolutely no problem; in fact, the total was actually LESS than I had estimated it would be! It doesn't get much better than that, especially in London. Whenever we return to London, anywhere else we stay is always going to seem so pitiful compared to the Howard! Maybe we'll luck out with a great rate here again someday...I would definitely stay here again if we did!	
Jan 3 2007 	Wonderful breakfast	I have mixed feeling about the Howard.I loved the breakfast. The service and the choice was just wonderful. And the coffee machine in the room was the added bonus. Unfortunately I stayed in the room facing ugly buidlings which was mistake, but I didn't know about that when I booked. And the room interier was too bland for my taste.	
Jan 2 2007 	Excellent Stay	Spent the New Year weekend with eight members of my Family age 3 to 61 years,We had three rooms all very clean and well presented with outstanding views,Staff all helpful and friendly Breakfast freshly cooked with excellent choice of food. We would stay at this Hotel again.	
Jan 2 2007 	Great new year	We booked our new year break at the Howard specifically to get a great view of the fireworks at the eye and the river view room we had &quot;did exactly what it says on the tin&quot;The bed in the room was enormous and the rest of the room was well above the average we have had in London. We arrived just after 11 a.m. expecting to have to ask to leave the luggage and come back and check in after 2 pm, but were immediately given our keysBreakfast is good but, on new year's day morning, they had run out of baked beans and quite clearly were running short of eggs as we only received one as opposed to the two offered on the previous two mornings.Location is wonderful, a few steps from Temple tube station, which was open all weekend, contrary to what we had heard rumoured.	
Jan 1 2007 	Excellent service large pleasant room	We stayed here for about a week, had a lovely room on the 4th floor facing the river with wonderful views of Big Ben, the National Theater, etc. Buffet breakfast was included in our approx. $425/night charge. Most of the people here seemed to be businessmen except on week-ends. We rec'd excellent service all the time, the room was very clean, breaksfast was excellent on week-days, fine (but not as good) on week-ends. Most things are extra --internet service, etc. -- but it 's reasonable if one is careful.  Our room was not available at check-in (2 PM), had to wait about an hour. There was a mix-up about our room but the staff handled it graciously. It's an easy walk to the New Tate, National Theatre, West End Theaters and Covent Gardens, and the Temple Tube is right across the street.  The only complaint is that there are not lots of restaurants in the 5 or so block area, one has to walk a bit for a wide variety of restaurants. If we can get a good rate we'd return here.	
Dec 18 2006 	Worth the 5 stars!	We stayed at The Howard in November one Saturday night and it was the most luxurious hotel I've ever stayed in. The room we had was gorgeous and had a lounge area with a sofa and desk and the main room had a very comfy bed and feather down covers. Unfortunately my boyfriend is allergic to these so we had to get them changed which they did with no fuss and when we were out as requested. Another little luxury is the Lavazza coffee machine which makes frothy coffees and is free to use. The breakfast in the morning was included and the service was fantastic as well as the choice and quality of the food. We got a pot of coffee each and asked if we required more toast without having to ask them. The fried breakfast was very tasty and very filling. There was an issue with them charging us extra for the breakfast but after informing them by e-mail that this was not what it said when booking they happily refunded the difference which we had paid. The views from this hotel are to die for and the location was perfect. I would recommend this hotel as it is worth the stars it has been given.	
Dec 9 2006 	Handy	As we drew up to the Howard, the doorman asked if we were requiring parking which we needed, and he efficiently and politely took control getting luggage removed and into the hotel, and whipped the car away.Unfortunately although we had arrived at 1.30 (a little early my room was not ready. It took until 4.30 until I was contacted to inform me it was ready.My business collegue was fortunate to get a room (320) which smelt strongly of cigarette smoke... YUCK!My room was clean and functional, the view was straight into the adjoining office block, where I was able to see employees at thier desks, so clearly if privacy is required you will need to draw the curtains.That said the location of the hotel was excellent in relation to easy walks to the strand, covent garden ect.We had an evening at the savoy, so a small easy walk and we were at the front doors.Leaving the hotel and checking out was easy enough, again the doorman greeted me by my sirname and asked if I required that he retrives my car, which he duly did.An expensive hotel for ordinary decor and facilities.	
Dec 5 2006 	Book a River View Room!	I originally booked a 'garden view' room at this hotel not thinking how important a 'river view' was. Don't be encouraged into saving a few pounds like me! When we arrived to our room I was really disappointed, the garden was a miniture garden, right at the bottom, so from 7th floor all I could see were high rise buildings! It was dark and claustrophobic. I rang down to reception and for a reduced rate we were moved to a room at the front of the hotel. Boy was it worth it! Panoramic views of the River Thames and Westminster, fantastic. This hotel has a couple of great extras that I have yet to see such as a mini Gaggia in each room (no charge). Sometimes the service was a bit formal for a contemporary hotel, but we thoroughly enjoyed it all the same. Breakfast ok but not worth the £25 they charge non-residents!! Also because we stayed a Friday night, we had a free bottle of champagne sent up, beautifully presented with ice bucket, flutes etc. It was a fantastic weekend and I'd be lying if I said The Howard hadn't made it.	
Nov 27 2006 	Great hotel and service	The Howard is in a great position for the West End, and a few steps away from the circle line on the underground (Temple). Also very near to Somerset House, which is well worth a visit for its exhibitions and the building itself.I payed a little extra for the river view, and yes, it was lovely, though we were only on the 4th floor, higher would have been better! The room was large enough, with excellent facilities and a lovely bathroom. Mini bar was expensive (we took our own G&amp;T), and the tea/coffee facilities were super!Breakfast was excellent, though I am glad we had it in the weekend rate, as the prices were quite high, if we had had to pay for it. A huge choice of excellent food.Staff were friendly and efficient. Do check your bill carefully though!!All in all a lovely place to stay, convenient and comfortable. Having said that I probably won't go back, as it's also fairly forgettable!	
Nov 27 2006 	Perfect location	We stayed at The Howard (Swissotel) as part of a theatre/accommodation package on a Friday night. What a delight! The hotel is first class, the room was very spacious with possibly the best views of the Thames and a few landmarks that you are likely to get (OXO Tower, London Eye etc). The bed was superb, extremely comfortable, large, with beautiful linens. There was also a lavazza coffee machine in the room which I cannot praise highly enough. Bathroom was marble with a powerful shower and excellent toiletries, soft towels and bathrobes. The room also had a CD player. I would definitely recommend this hotel, which is a 5 minute walk from Covent Garden and all the associated theatres and restaurants. Fantastic experience, and great value for money by London standards!	
Nov 14 2006	Great location 	We stayed one night for a wedding anniversary treat. I booked a river view weekend rate package including breakfast as this appears to be the best value rate considering the cost of breakfast for 2 in a London hotel &amp; the views are spectacular. There are not many hotels in London were you can see the House of Parliament/London Eye/South Bank/Tower Bridge/Gherkin building/even Canary Wharf as well as the Thames day/night. This is worth a premium in itself. However, having reviewed other 4 or 5 star hotels in London, the weekend rates at the Howard are well priced.The concierge was very helpful as I arranged for some flowers to be delivered to our room. The check in clerk originally sent us to the wrong room on the third floor (a smoking room with no flowers). However, when I phoned reception another lady immediately moved us to a seventh floor room (non smoking) with the flowers already inside. The seventh floor was great as it provided excellent views of the river (as described above).As mentioned, the coffee machine is great. The location is also great being convenient for the Strand/Covent Garden. However, I noticed that at night the homeless gather near to the park near the Temple tube station - this was not off putting to us but it may be to others.The only downsides were: the shower (as noted in previous reports); the slowness of the bar staff (who continued to clean a coffee machine rather than take our order); the reception desk staff - there is a long line to check out at midday: it appears that alot of people complain about their bills.I would also rate this hotel as 4* rather than 5*. However, compared to some other hotels in this category, the weekend rate, its location and THE VIEWS, I would recommend this hotel as a good place to stay if you're aware of the above potential pitfalls. We'll be staying in the hotel again soon for a birthday celebration so I'm hoping for the same again or better.	
Nov 10 2006 	Misleading price quote	As both my husband and I have 65th birthdays ( Oct. and Dec. resp. ) our two children presented us with a treat in London for Saturday Nov 4th. This included lunch at the Ivy, a visit to Evita and one night in the Howard Hotel. As the weather forecast for the weekend was so amazingly fine for Nov. we decided to enquire if we could stay another couple of nights. I went onto the web site and found a special offer for a ' weekend escapade ' and followed instruction to ring reservations agent for special 2 night weekend offer. I explained to him that we were already booked for Saturday 4th but would like to add on Friday and Sunday nights. He quoted me the weekend B&amp;B rate of £150 for a garden room per night. He actually told me that my daughter had booked the room using last minute at a rate of £136, but I could not have that rate as she had booked ' ages ago '. We arrived to find total confusion over the booking - initially we were told we were only booked in for the one night ( Sat ) but eventually it was sorted out and we were given room 101. I was worried that it was next to the lift but in the event we did not suffer any noise. The room was disappointing. Dark, and overlooked by office blocks. I commented - like another reviewer, - that there was only one chair! All in all it was a reasonable room, but definately not as good as I was expecting having read other reviews.However, our opinion of this hotel changed utterly on checking out when we were charged £ 300 PLUS VAT. The reservations agent had made NO MENTION that the rate of £150 was exclusive of tax. When in UK is a price quoted ex. VAT? We travel a lot, and have stayed in many expensive hotels so the extra £52.50 was not going to break the bank - BUT it was the attitude that was so dreadful. I said that VAT had not been mentioned when making the booking but was told by the chap called to handle the complaint that he ' had no reason to doubt what the reservations agent had said '( i.e. that he did tell me ) and when I said that meant that it was my word that was being questioned, he did not change his attitude! This all took place in a busy foyer. I said I would not authorise my card to be debited more than £300, and was told it didn't matter what I said the amount would be debited in full. The attitude was just appaling. As if I would make up such a thing and suffer all the embarassment that resulted! Definately won't stay here again.	
Nov 6 2006 	Great Location	Stayed here for a weekend in November. Excellent location, South bank just over the river, Covent Garden and West End 5/10 minute walk away. Good service, lovley rooms, our's overlooked the gardens but some rooms could be less so given there was an office block not too far from our windows. Very pricey, but the location was worth it. Did'nt eat there but the bar was good polite service.Would highly recommend for getting around, we did'nt need to worry about tubes, cabs or buses thanks to the location.	
Oct 31 2006 	Very good city Hotel.	We just returned from a theatre break. We booked at the Swissotel, after I saw a picture on a magazine. The hotel is very centrally located. It s only 10 min. walk from Covent Garden and Temple tube station is quite convenient, although just on the Circle and district line.Hotel Entrance and lobby is brilliant. We only booked a standard room garden view room. Unfortunately we were not upgraded as other people have mentioned. The room was very spacious. Double bed is 2 beds together, but it s still comfy and cuddly. Garden view is nice as well. Bathroom is average, however the Lavazza coffee machine is absolutely brilliant. Another little treat that not many people know about is that you can use the Holmes Place Fitness Centre nearby free by just showing your room key. Ask the concierge for that. Overall, it was a very nice stay, fair price and nice hotel.	
Oct 14 2006 	Worth it for the view	Just returned from a stay at the Swissotel. Overall it was very positive. As others have mentioned, the location is superb. We made it from Heathrow with our luggage easily, and the Temple tube station is just steps away from the hotel. Best of all, this tube stop is just below ground, so it is only a few steps up to ground level (not one of those Mazelike Half-Mile Walks like some stops). The thing that makes this hotel worth the price is the view. By the way, it is impossible to misunderstand this hotel's booking policy regarding room views. It is made very clear on their website that if you want a river view you pay more. We were given a corner room on the fifth floor (519). This floor is nonsmoking, as are floors 6 and 7. We originally had booked a suite, but were concerned that it might not be nonsmoking. Good thing we changed that reservation, because the suites are on the top two floors. We made a trip up there, and the smoke in the hallways was thick enough to choke you. On our floor we never smelled a thing though.The hotel is a little worn, but I noticed them replacing some carpet so it is possible that they are renovating. The coffee is a nice perk. Our room was clean, service was prompt and gracious (brought us ice within 5 minutes at no charge and they didn't expect a tip), and we like the European bedding scheme so our &quot;two twins put together to make a king&quot; didn't bother us like others who have posted here. We booked a package through the hotel website that included full English breakfast. This was enough food to get us through until dinner each day, and the Jaan restaurant where it is served is a lovely atmosphere.The reason we would not stay here again is because of the terrible water pressure in the shower. It is the worst we have ever experienced and we travel a lot with very low expectations about the shower power. To say we had a &quot;trickle&quot; would be overstating the water pressure.:) It was fine as long as you used only cold water, but as soon as you added some heat it went down to a dribble. I understand that this saves money, but it probably ends up losing lots of customers. The only way to get the shampoo out of my hair was to get down on my knees and stick my head under the tub faucet. Awkward and uncomfortable for sure.We are glad we stayed here once just to get the great photos at sunrise, sunset and various times of the day in between. If they improved the shower pressure we would not hesitate to return.	
Oct 6 2006 	Perfect!	I loved this place. Perfect location; right on the Thames. A very short walk to several tube stations, and it's around the corner from the Strand, a busy street--so it's close enough to the action without being IN it. It's about a 10 minute walk to Covent Garden and several West End theatres.Room is large, even by US standards, with a heated towel rack, complementary newspaper each morning and nice chocolates on the pillows each night. Great selection of TV stations. Nice coffee maker (the kind with the pods, so you brew one fresh cup at a time) which also makes espresso. Concierge was very helpful, I had heard about this new restaurant on the TV but only new a few details about it, the concierge was extremely good in finding out about this place for us. Beautiful area to walk around in at night..I highly recommend walking across the nearby Waterloo Bridge.I'm staying here again in November..I don't think I could stay anywhere else in London! It was a perfect hotel, and I have stayed in several in London.	
Oct 4 2006 	Great Friendly Hotel	Our family stayed at the Swissotel in August for eight nights and by the time we left, we felt as we were leave a very familar place. We couldn't wait to go back.!!!! The location is great!!! The Temple tube is right across the street. The staff is wonderful, helpful, but never stuffy. They made our stay wonderful and that's given the fact that our departure date was the day after the whole terrorist ordeal. I would stay again , just for the coffeemaker in the room, but the hotel is so much more...If your looking for quality...the Swissotel is for you. If your looking for a bargain...skip London.	
Sep 13 2006 	felt let down	My wife and I searched hotels-london web site and picked this hotel due to its description, double superior room with river view, quite pricey and in fact there were cheaper hotels on the site, but picked this one, it said refurbished and comfortable rooms. We arrived on 8th sept 2006 for 4 nights. We were given a river view room on floor 6, the room was very tatty and only had one easy chair to sit in, we requested another easy chair as we were 2 people. The hotel sent us a typist chair, which we refused, they said they did not have another easy chair to offer. We asked to see a duty manager, who came to the room to see us, we explained our complaint that we could not see that this room could be regarded as superior when it is very tatty and insufficient seating, the manager said they did regard it as superior, we asked the question of when we return from the thearte at night, should we rush in and fight for the chair, with the loser having to sit on the bed, &quot;crickey in a 5 STAR London hotel, this must be somebody having a laugh&quot;, which it was not us laughing. We asked to be moved to another room, we were offered a suite at a pricey uplift, which we finally agreed to pay, the suite was very nice, the view very nice, the maid service excellant. On checking out we had to have an in depth meeting with another duty manager, they wanted us to pay uplift on top of superior rate, which we totally disagreed with, we have been in many 5 star hotels in many cities in lots of countries, and never have we been expected to have insufficient seating, and a tatty appearance and to be regarded as superior rooms, we dread to think what the standard rooms looked like. During our discussion with the duty manager, it was agreed that this hotel is mainly used by single occupancy business users during the week, we feel that it should not be advertised for weekend travellers, the info on the web site was misleading, we would not stay here again and would not recommend this hotel for leisure breaks unless you are prepared to book a suite at very expensive rates.We are not people in the habit of looking for cheaper rates by complaining, we like to holiday well, without problems and arguement, and on this occasion felt let down, and if we had not stood our ground and demanded better we would have had our break completely ruined.B Buckley from Manchester	
Sep 10 2006 	Watch out for the misleading booking process!	We booked via a well known londonhotel website and payed £166 for one night for a double room. The site gives details of the wonderful river view of the Thames and I assumed, in the absence of any other information to the contrary, that I had booked a river view.Upon checking in we were advised that we had reserved a room with a garden view. When I explained that I had assumed that we had secured a river view I was told that was not the case (NOTE: there was no differential option on the booking site). I was also advised that no river view rooms were available - but the receptionist at the next desk was offering the persons checking in at the same time an upgrade to a river view at a defined price!I feel disappointed and misled by the booking process. In my opinion we were enticed by the description of a stunning river view but were never going to be offered one unless we were prepared to trade up at extra cost.Despite explaining my views no action was taken or offered to address my dissatisfaction.I consider this sharp practice and wish to warn others who could be mislead in a similar way.	
Sep 5 2006 	Excellent stay	We booked through [--] at £180 per night including full English breakfast. We had a double room with river view room – these rooms have a spectacular view of the Thames, especially at night. The rooms are not large but well appointed with very comfortable beds and all the necessary room amenities for a business traveller. The hotel has a very attractive, funky bar and lounge and a pretty outdoor terrace. Service throughout the hotel and in the main restaurant, Jaan was excellent. Especially from the sommelier whose suggestions for a different wine with each course were very good and fun. The restaurant serves rather complicated dishes that work, but can be a taste bud challenge. Breakfast in the room was good and very prompt. Possibly the first time I've been told something will take 30 minutes and it arrives in 15!	
Sep 4 2006 	Very impressed	I booked a room for £100 via the net, and was really pleased with the Swissotel. The location is excellent, right on the Embankment with excellent views, and directly opposite a tube station. Unlike most central London hotels, parking is actually a possibility! (Free after 6.30pm Saturday til 8am Monday morning, after that your best bet is the expensive multi-storey carpark)The rooms are some of the largest I have ever come across in London, and the bed looks enormous, until you realise it is actually two large single beds pushed together, not a huge issue but can be a little uncomfortable if you want to cosy up to your partner in the middle. The decor is stylish and the bathroom is a fair size.Didn't try the restaurant but was very busy the evening we checked in so obviously popular. There is a wonderful seating area on the ground floor, perfect for late night drinks and gossip.Overall, my current favourite 5star hotel in London and one I would recommend wholeheartedly.	
Aug 23 2006 	Highly Recommended- Modern stylish hotel in great location	My boyfriend and I booked into stay for one night on Saturday 19th via [-------------]for £210. This rate was for a river view room and included breakfast and a complimentary bottle of champagne. Although this was more expensive than a garden view room, past reviews recommended the river view rooms so we decided to treat ourselves.Upon arrival we were upgraded to a suite on the top floor which was a really nice touch. The view was absolutely amazing and the suite was very spacious and luxurious by London standards. The decor in the room was very modern and had a separate living room area, high spec bathroom and gorgeous bed.We then decided to go out for a walk but stopped in reception to ask about the champagne. They had no record of this deal with superbreak but had no quibble about it. We were given a voucher for a bottle of champagne anyway, which we enjoyed later that evening in the hotel bar. The next day we had a lovely leisurely breakfast on the outside terrace. The food was great and although pointed out as being expensive in previous reviews, is not that expensive by London standards! Anyway, this was included in our rate so it didn't matter. Overall, I was really impressed with this hotel. The staff, location, décor, numerous small touches were second to none and generally in London you pay a lot more for this level of service and quality.I would highly recommend this hotel for either business or pleasure as it lives up to my standards for both. The location cannot be beaten and for a hotel within a 10-minute walk of Covent Garden, the rate is worth every penny.	
Aug 21 2006 	Fabulous hotel	I booked my girlfriend into the Swissotel Howard for the night for a birthday surprise, and it was fantastic. We only booked a cheap business rate room for the night, with a garden view, but on arrival, they automatically upgraded us to a river view!! A fantastic touch. Our room was right on the corner of the hotel, giving us an extra bit of view across the Thames. The panoramic is amazing, and we could comfortably see St Pauls, the Gherkin, Tower Bridge, Canary Wharf, Tate Modern, Oxo Tower, South Bank, the London Eye and the Houses of Parliament. I've never known a view like it! The hotel location is spot on, right on the Embankment, and a short walk from Trafalgar Square, or even Oxford Street (we walked back from Tottenham Court Road in about 20 minutes). The staff were courteous and pleasant in all scenarios. The decor was magnificent - the lobby, hotel bar and breakfast room in the garden were particularly good. The room was a fair size, with good coffee machine, comfortable bed and great bathroom. The breakfast was amazing, I'd never been offered goose, duck or ostrich egg before! All in all, a fantastic hotel and well worth the money.	
Aug 19 2006	Great property GREAT location	Stayed early August, 2006 w/ wife. 5 nights on Hotels was $1,323USD. Maybe could have done better on Swissotel web site, but couldn't guarantee River view and king bed.Our room, 7th floor...king bed...river view. AC worked fine but the high temps were only 80F for our entire stay.Rooms a little small by American standards, but if you are used to European travel it was normal. Bathroom CLEAN and room tidy and comfortable.50 yds. from TEMPLE tube stop....VERY convenient.....Tube stop has a little Deli that is open weekdays for a coffee and danish.Staff was always courteous and helpful.I WILL STAY HERE AGAIN!!!!!!!!!!!	
Aug 14 2006 	Great Hotel	I stayed in the Howard, with my 7 year old son for 5 nights in August. I paid extra for a superior room with a river view. The view from the room was supurb, taking in most of the South Bank of the Thames. I would recommend paying extra for the view. The room itself was large by London standards, with a king size bed, quality linens and a big bathroom. The airconditioning worked fine during our stay. The hotel is excellently located, being an easy walk to Covent Garden, Westminster etc. It is also located accross from the Temple tube. The only negatives of the hotel were that it the extras were very pricey (a coke from the mini bar being around $10 - although the free expresso in the room made up for this) and the electronic key for our door never worked properly. This meant that most times we had to get let into our room by someone from reception. They were very apologetic but never quite manged to fix the problem. Not a big deal though.I was in London in Nov 2005 and stayed in the Strand Palace, which had the same good location but was a total dump. I also travel a lot, and would return to the Howard without any hesitation. A very good choice if you get a good rate and avoid the hotel extras.	
Aug 4 2006 	Business of pleasure	Perfect location for tourist or business, between the City and the West End.We stayed for work and got a really good midweek rate (£100 per night) through lastminute. Don't expect to get rates like that outside August!I have stayed here before in a river view room but on this occasion had a garden view room. It was spacious , quiet, well appointed and very comfortable. I really couldn't find anyhting to complain about ...and I usually can!We had room service which was , as you might expect, not cheap, but I've had much more expensive room service in the past. The food was fine. Hotel service is also consistently good.It makes a change to be able to write that I could find no fault with the hotel ...except perhaps the whole experience was not memorable as one might want a vacation hotel to be. For business , it's hard to beat.	
Jul 21 2006	Wonderful hotel - excellent value	We recently spent three days at the Swissotel The Howard and really enjoyed the hotel. The views of the Thames River were wonderful, the hotel staff and service were excellent and the location near the Temple area worked out very well for us. There are good restaurants within walking distance in the Covent Garden area and the tube station is near-by. Unlike the previous reviewers, we had no problems at all with air-conditioning even though the temperature was in the mid to high 80's, so presumably the hotel fixed whatever the (temporary) problem was. I picked the hotel based on reviews on tripadvisor and the fact that the price was the lowest among London's five star hotels on tripadvisor. Our rate, booked through the hotel's web site, was below the average rate posted on tripadvisor and better than we could get from the &quot;travel web sites&quot;. Better yet, it included an excellent full English breakfast (a bit overpriced at ?23 if not included in your rate) and a $10 discount on hotel dining. We did eat one dinner in the hotel's bar (hotel restaurant is closed on Sundays) as we were exhausted from &quot;touring&quot; and enjoyed both the food and dining in the outdoor courtyard. Overall, I'd highly recommend this hotel when visiting London.	
Jul 4 2006	Perfect location and views	I stayed with my partner at the Swisshotel (the Howard) London when we went up for Europride weekend. This hotel was very good. The location was excellent - our room was on the fifth floor with unmatchable views of the Thames, London eye, Oxo tower, Tate modern, National theatre Big Ben and house of commons. I cannot rave about the views enough. The staff were friendly and professional, and happy to help with any request. The room was large and the marble bathroom was nice. Food was good, and not over-priced. The only reason I have not given a 5 rating for this hotel is because the air-con wasnt working very well, and it was a very hot weekend - although staff were very apologetic about this but had no spare room to move us to.Good hotel, and a great location. Recommended.	
Jul 3 2006	Not to be booked in Hot weather!	I booked this hotel for our first wedding anniversary. The forecast was over 30 degrees so I selected this hotel predominantly as it had AIRCONDITIONING in the room.....or it is supposed to. It was not working in our room or any other. Reception were unable to helpand, it appears it is not the first time it has failed too.The windows don't open either and the staff could not even offer a fan. A truly disgusting and uncomfortable night that ruined our stay.The Breakfast was high quality, but marred by the kitchen making the wrong order for us and also the waitress charging for it. (it was included in the room price!)Personally I would not stay again, not really 5 star nor good value at £160.	
Jun 13 2006	Good Hotel and greta location	The Howard is greatly positioned in easy walk of the southbank and convent garden and right by a tube station, Rooms are lovely but if you can pay the extra for a view of the river it is well worth it, the staff are friendly and accomadating, i won't hesitate to return...the Hotel overlooks the OXO tower on the southbank where the food and surroundings are excellent well worth the wander over especially if you like Jazz as the brasserie part very often has live music.	
Jun 13 2006	Fantastic hotel great staff 	Booked the hotel through lastminute [-]for a weekend away with my boyfriend. We were both extremely impressed with the standard of the hotel. Very clean, and modern well presented interiors. The restaurant is a modern thai style &amp; looks lovely (in a covered courtyard garden at back of hotel) although it was booked out for a privated function when we were there.Location wise - couldnt be better, Temple tube station (circle/district line) is directly opposite the hotel front door &amp; the hotel overlooks Westminster, London Eye &amp; Embankment/Thames. You can also walk to Covent Gdn in 10mins. The rooms are lovely - beautiful fluffy bathrobes &amp; slippers to lounge around in, an espresso machine &amp; the biggest comfy bed I've ever slept in. Staff were pleasant, professional &amp; accomodating- even when we rolled in from a night out at 4am &amp; wanted a nightcap in the bar!! Highly recommended...	
Jun 6 2006	Brilliant London hotel	Loved this hotel. My husband took me on a surprise weekend for see a show, have a nice meal and do some shopping. The hotel is in a fantastic location - right on the river next to Somerset House. We walked to Covent Garden in less than 5 minutes. The room itself was lovely - we had a river facing room right on the corner of the hotel which gave us extended views up the Thames as we had windows on the front and side - we could see the OXO tower, London Eye, Big Ben and the Houses of Parliament from the bed which was just beautiful at night all lit up.The room itself was great - not a huge room but there was a massive bed (very very comfortable), an armchair and little table and a desk. The bar area in the room was lovely with a great Lavazza coffee machine and variety of teas - no biscuits though :-(Beware of the mini bar - £2.50 for a regular sized Mars Bar!!! The bathroom was very well appointed.Breakfast was fantastic - not just the usual choice of a cooked breakfast - you could have Eggs Benedict with smoked salmon (Delicious!), smoked haddock, kippers, steak etc. Also some delicious pastries and croissants.Highly recommended - not cheap but you get what you pay for, especially in a city like London.	
Jun 4 2006	Loved the Howard	I highly recommend The Howard!!!!!!!Excellent service and location.	
May 31 2006	Good choice	Stayed here for one night in May and could not find any faults. Probably not one of the cheapest hotels I've stayed in London but I was not dissapointed and felt that the hotel offered good value for money. The room was clean, spacious, light and airy with big windows overlooking the garden area and the bathroom immaculate and contained some nice personal touches such as bathrobes, slippers and luxurious toiletries. The coffee machine in the room was also a unique selling point!Good location just off Fleet Street and close to Picadilly/The Strand although slighly dissapointed that not many of the cafes and shops around the hotel were open on a Saturday (although I guess this is typical of the business district) However, Temple tube station is straight opposite the hotel so very easy to get about.Breakfast was expensive at £18 for continental and £24 for full English but plentiful and the service courteous. Did not get chance to use the bar but it looked very plush and relaxing.The only slight dissapointment that although the hotel does not offer any leisure facilities - hotel guests can use the facilities of a nearby hotel free of charge. This was not well publicised and I did not find this out until I was checking out.Would consider staying in The Howard again but perhaps only as a special treat!	
May 16 2006	Absolutely Lovely	We stayed here on the first bank holiday of May. Our room had a small balcony with amazing views across the River Thames. It is definitely worthwhile paying a little extra to have these breathtaking views. The room was quite big in size and its Lavazza coffee machine makes one of the best espressos I have ever had. The hotel also has a small garden where we enjoyed drinks alfresco. All the staff was very friendly and helpful. I am sure we will be coming back and I would recommend this hotel to everybody.	
Apr 28 2006	You must stay here!	We stayed here on new years eve and had a fantastic time. The rooms have breathtaking views over the thames (which was amazing for the fireworks on new years eve) - the rooms are spacious, luxurious, clean and modern and have some really nice touches (like personal coffee macines!!) - Communal areas are similarly well appointed - the bar is warm and relaxing with good service, and breakfast in the dining room was top class. Cant think of any bad points for this hotel	
Apr 26 2006	A+++ All round.	We stayed here during the London Marathon week-end and what a fantastic experience it was. Even though our room wasn' t ready for us when we arrived we were immediately given a voucher for complimentay drinks and our bags taken from us and stored safely to enable us to spend time exploring some of the sights of London before returning to the hotel ,when our room was then ready. Our room was a king-size suite with a balcony and a stunning river view. I would DEFINITELY suggest you pay the supplement for a river view. After reading a previous review that said that the king-size bed was 2 singles joined together I was a little hesitant about what I would find, but I needn't have worried - we had a very comfortable, proper king mattress. The room was everything you would expect of a 5* hotel. My husband was particularly impressed with the espresso coffee machine. If I had to fault anything then it would be that there weren't any sachets of hot chocolate - but on the other hand there was a variety of herbal teas, ordinary teas and coffees. The staff were very pleasant and obliging - nothing seemed to be too much trouble and, even though they were foreign, there was absolutely no problem with communication and understanding. We had arranged for a late check-out ( 2.30pm ) seeing as my husband was running in the marathon and even when we had to extend this to 3.30pm it was not a problem.I would definitely reccommend staying here and can't wait for my husband to say he wants to run the marathon next year so that I can stay here again!	
Apr 14 2006	A lovely European hotel	This is a centrally located European style hotel that is comfortable, elegant, and very clean. The personnelwere friendly and helpful including the marketing manager Julia Alvaro who was very nice. Before we arrived we struck up an email correspondence and she turned out to be as friendly in person as she was on the internet. The rooms are small but functional in a european way and our riverview room on the 7th floor was definitely worth the extra cost. All in all a very nice hotel.	
Apr 12 2006	Fantastic Views	My boyfriend and I stayed here for a birthday weekend in March. We had a lovely corner room on the 4th floor with fantastic views over the Thames, Tower Bridge and the London Eye. The staff were friendly and we found the service to be first rate, particularly in the dining hall. Perfect location for theatre land and within easy walking distance of tourist transport.As you would expect with a five star hotel the carparking, hotel bar and the mini bar were rather pricey but all in all a great hotel. Would definitely stay here again.	
Mar 28 2006	Very good hotel in London	This is a very good London hotel. You can expect a cool room, great view and nice bar restaurant. I saw a previous review mentioning the double beds that actually formed a &quot;king&quot;. This was a letdown. Fresh fruit brought to the room each day was a plus, as was the friendly service. My trip was quick, just two days after flying from New York, and the comforts of the hotel eased the trip. A bit expensive, but so are many London hotels. If you are fortunate enough to afford £150 per night, this is a good choice. Convenient to the Temple Place tube (about 100 feet) and Covent Garden/Soho area.	
Mar 12 2006	Fabulous view!	Stayed in a 1 Bed River View suite on the 9th (top) floor. An amazing view of the Thames! Our suite(907)though very nice, was not overly sumptious or spacious. We were located on the side of the building, which meant we enjoyed double aspect picture windows - one running the length of the entire room - and a big balcony/terrace to the side of the room (sadly too cold to enjoy). Wonderful to lie in bed looking out over the London Eye and Big Ben. Espresso machine in room was a nice touch too. Bathroom nice, though being really picky, could use a little bleach on the shower grouting!! We didn't eat in the restaurant, but bar snack, room service pizza and breakfast all very good. Every member of staff we encountered was very friendly, and hotel is within easy walking distance of Covent Gdn/theatre land. All in all pretty good, the river views being this hotel's main attraction.	
Mar 7 2006 	Pretty good...	The room was comfortable, and I had a view of the Thames. There were a few things that I did not like however. Firstly, the king size bed was actually two single beds bolted together. Which was a disappointment given that the hotel is a 5 star. Secondly I found the staff were not native English speakers; also suprising given the hotel is in England, and is upper class. This contributed to some communication issues. Thirdly, I found the staff to be have an aire of superiority, and not very flexible in general. I inquired into the purchase of a bath robe, and was greeted with clueless staff and excuses. The shower door only covers 1/3 of the bathtub so water gets everywhere in even the most careful of showers. The television was small, and had a poor picture. The espresso maker (Lavazza) was great however, and much appreciated for the jetlagged mornings. All in all, I was a bit disappointed. I paid ~$410 CAD /night with no meals included. I'd probably stay at a different hotel should I be in the area again.	
Feb 16 2006	A room with a view	Good choice for a one night stay, our first visit to the hotel. Access available to the room immediately despite my very early arrival at just after 11 a.m., reception staff very attentive and courteous. Room nothing to write home about, but spacious and comfortable enough. Great views of the river, the Eye, Big Ben, Oxo tower and a glimpse of the tallest towerblock on Canary Wharf. The hotel proved an ideal base for visits to J. Sheekey for lunch, Guys and Dolls at the Picadilly Theatre that evening, and we left our bags there the next morning (walking distance to Waterloo station) whilst off to Harrods followed by lunch at Ramsay / Claridge's. We also had really good room service pizza and sandwiches on return from the theatre at not many minutes before midnight. Would certainly use the same hotel for similar breaks in future.	
Feb 7 2006	Fantastic hotel	This is a lovely lovely hotel. I only wish we had paid the extra to have a river view, I think it would definitely have been worth it, especially as we stayed the weekend the whale was swimming up the Thames!Loved the Lavazza coffee machine, I definitely want one of those, beautiful. Expensive food and mini bar but that goes without saying.Huge very comfy bed and decent sized room.My little girl loved the room fairies that came and made up your bed and put chocolates on the pillow!Really really professional service, want to go back now. We visited the Cirque du Soleil and the London Eye, had brilliant weekend in all made all the better by this hotel.	
Feb 5 2006	Fabulous hotel - but avoid the room service hamburgers!	With one exception I can give nothing but praise for this hotel - service, location great and the views are stupendous. The one exception is the room service hamburger - Mr Swissotel what were you doing when you served this! It is expensive like everything else in the hotel but everything else is expensive and good. This was expensive and bad. Have a look at the &quot;waffle potatoes&quot; in the photo and you will see what I mean. Don't let this put you off the hotel - just don't decide you would love to have a hamburger. By the way on the subject of expensive, a bowl of porridge costs £18.00. Your choice - I can't report on the quality.	
Feb 1 2006	A lovely room with a magnificent view...	I've lived in London my whole life and I have to say that even I was impressed with the amazing view of London from our lovely corner bedroom. You can see from Westminster to the West through to Tower Bridge and beyond to the East. Magnificent.With its close proximity to the theatres on the Strand, we thought we would stay overnight in London rather than rush home on the last train. The Howard was ideally located.The bedroom itself was spacious (for a city hotel) and beautifully furnished, with some luxury extras like a Lavazza coffee machine and bathrobes. Our package included breakfast (which is otherwise very expensive), which we had in the room, and was excellent. Nice touches included the hot food being kept in a warming drawer underneath the trolley and a Dualit toaster to make our own toast.It's a shame we only stayed for one night but we'll certainly be returning.	
Jan 18 2006	definately a 5 star hotel	I recently stayed here for 2 nights on a shopping trip with my sisters. We had paid low prices but it made no difference to our treatment. The staff were courteous and helpful at all time, the rooms were large, clean, air conditioned and well equiped and the location was great. Although the hotel was over the road from Temple tube station it was walking distance to others on more convenient lines and almost nextdoor to Somerset house, behind the Strand and close to Covent Garden and theatres. We visit London annually so have plenty of hotels to compare and everything about this hotel was definately 5 star.	
Jan 18 2006	Fantastic Hotel	Stayed here for the night last week in a one bedroom suite with balcony.One of the nicest rooms I have ever stayed in, they have thought of everything, Lovely views of london and very central to the sights.	
Jan 4 2006	New year with a view!	If you're looking for a bird's eye view on London, then you couldn't get a better hotel than this.We stayed for a couple of days (New Year's Eve) and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. We've stayed at this hotel previously and each time has been a joy.The reason? Quite frankly, the view. A river view room will offer a fantastic vista of London: the Houses of Parliament at one end, the London Eye (big wheel) diagonally to your right, and then to your left, Tower Bridge and beyond to Canary Wharf. Quite frankly it's one of the best views of the river and London that I've ever seen (having lived in London, I should know). But make sure you request a river view room or, surprise surprise, you won't see the river! And try and get a room fairly high up so that you can totally appreciate the whole view.The first time we stayed here, we splashed out and opted for a suite with a terraced balcony. The room was beautifully decorated with a gorgeous bathroom, massive bed, tasty espresso maker (we class ourselves as coffee experts and this was pretty good!) and delicious breakfast in bed. Room service (ie breakfast) was good although not cheap but definitely worth doing. Alternatively you can eat downstairs in the restaurant. Unfortunately we never tried the restaurant out so can't give you an opinion on this.The terraced balcony was large, no plants which was a bit of a shame (it needed greening up a bit) and a couple of chairs which were too low down so you couldn't see the view from them. But quite frankly, you'll want to stand and gaze anyway!Our more recent stay was in a large room without a balcony but we still had the view - and watching the New Year's Eve celebrations from our massive window was a treat.The hotel's reception was immaculate and shining, with very friendly reception staff, and a very warm welcome. To the right is a large cocktail/lounge area which has just been refurbished and looked very pleasant. The restaurant is at the back of the hotel and in the summer you can eat outside.Although the hotel doesn't have a gym, it does have an arrangement with a gym/pool nearby which hotel guests can use.Altogether a great success.	
Oct 7 2005	Location Location Location!	The Howard seems to be a good business hotel with a great view.We stayed there the first weekend in October, and had a good weekend rate which included breakfast.The pluses: the view and the Temple Tube station, directly across the street.The rooms were usual business hotel rooms--a bit drab in color, but clean and equipped with the normal amenities. They were quiet, especially considering the urban location, just off Victoria Embankment. The breakfast was quite good and service was good, especially considering that the breakfast room was full and busy. The concierge was helpful with checking on trains out of town. The bar was pleasant. The staff seemed a bit surprised to have an order for food from their bar food menu, but the snack food appeared and was fine. I would recommend this hotel for the view and the proximity to the tube.	
Oct 6 2005	Location and View!	The driving forces here are location and view-right on the Thames and within walking distance of the theater district, Big Ben, Trafalgar and everything in between. Large rooms by London standards.Two tips--1) Pay the extra $$ for the corner riverview rooms with wraparound windows. You'll have views of everything from Tower Bridge on the left to Parliament on the right; and 2) Walk 1 block to The Strand for an affordable breakfast at a streetside cafe.I think you'll like this hotel.	
Aug 25 2005	quite satisfied	When I arrived at the hotel it was almost midnight and despite previous correspondance with a very kind reservation representative, all my requests were ignored and I got a Garden room in the 2nd floor although asking them in advance for a high floor. Since I stayed there 10 nights (!), they promised to let me know as soon as a room on a higher floor is available. They didn't do so on their own initiative. The 2nd floor room was comfortable but workers of the offices near the hotel can look at you although you can hide behind special screen and won't be able to look outside. After 2 days, when I had problems with the phone, they surprised me by offering me a high floor room (but still a garden one). Service was very quick and kind during my whole stay. When the British airways strike started, right before I had to leave, the concierge was very helpful and efficient in making sure that my flight is ok. All in all, it is an excellent hotel, but I won't go there again because it is about 20 minute walk from central places like Trafalgar square.	
Aug 15 2005	Rooms with Views	I am at the Hotel as I write and I must say the hotel is wonderful. Because of weather snafu in Houston, TX, I missed my London connection by 5 minutes and had to stay overnight to get out, thus, lost a day in travel. The hotel was called at 3:30 a.m. from Houston, they could not have been more accomodating. I had a car waiting at Gatwick which had to be re-booked because of the situation, and it was waiting, albiet 45 minutes waiting for me to clear customs. Once at the hotel, room service was lighting fast with breakfast, the wakeup call to make the theatre was on schedule, and everything has been more than above average.In particular, the restaurant, JAAN, has produced some of the finest and delicate culinary dishes I've ever tasted in my world travels. Simply perfection.The riverview room is adequate, not overly large, but the view amazing. See my photographs. The bathroom is small, but has every convenience from towel warmer rack, to power shower which is powerful, and a much appreciated rubber bathmat to prevent slippage. The only drawbacks are the narrowness of the bathtub and shower, too narrow for my taste. Soundproofing is excellent, in-room computer access is fast and convenient. My only suggestion is more electrical sockets to plug in all the necessary toys: phones, cameras, ipod, which require recharging daily. The bed is hard and needs padding -- featherbed or foam would help, but the down pillows are plentiful and air conditioning easily set for comfort.As a business woman, I recommend that they give women some more space for putting on makup, such as a dressing table with good mirror (its in the bathroom and requires one to stand up to apply makeup), and more towels. This hotel is set up for men more than women.The in-room expresso is WONDERFUL, but one has to keep reminding housekeeping or in-room dining to restock the honey, Red Bull no sugar variety, and esp. the great raspberry preserves. Once asked, they get it to you no matter what the hour, fast and with a smile. This is a 4+ star hotel, so everything is expensive, but, if you travel and require little odds and ends at all hours, this is the hotel you want to have in mind. A multi-lingual staff is helpful although some of the subtlies of the english language might need translation. Consierge services were exception getting me tickets for theatre performances and seeing to my somewhat mobility impaired needs.I'll come here again and recommend this hotel to business travelers and professional tourists like me who need quiet, nit picking service, and exceptional food and wine to be functional. Having fun is about the experience, and I'm having a great experience.	
Aug 2 2005	Great Experience	I recently spent 3 nights at the Howard with my husband on our way home from an extended trip in Europe. The hotel was a great way to end off our trip. Staff was very helpful and pleasant. They were more than willing to help us out with directions, calling the airport and advising on the best way to get to and from the airports.The lobby is very appealing and the rooms are well equipped with complimentary espresso/coffee machines and lovely bathrooms. We had a great view from the window of many major sights and the area was well located near Soho and Covent garden. We were there around the time of the bombings and were able to walk fro our hotel to may areas because we did not want to take the tube.The restaurant is definitely geared to business diners and breakfast is very expensive—not for travellers BUT overall I disagree that this is not a hotel for tourists. It was lovely and while the room is modern (I like that) and not old world I found it very comfortable and we felt very at home and satisfied. Also it is very clean with a nice turn down service.	
Aug 2 2005	Great views Great all round	My husband and I stayed at this hotel on our wedding night after much research into London hotels.We are so glad we chose The Howard as one of our main criteria was that if we were going to stay in the City, the hotel had to have a great view or what's the point?I cannot believe there are not more hotels in London with great city views. Most of the traditional 5 star hotels are incredibly kitsch and play on the whole traditional/stately home look and most overlook parks and squares.We knew The Howard was designed more as a 'business' hotel' but we had a great time. The room was simple and stylish enough with beige/black leather and chrome. We took a suite on the 8th floor, River view with balcony. The size of the suite was great (for London). The shower and bath facilites wer superb. The staff were friendly enough. We did feel we received the right amount of personal attention from the staff.All in all I would throughly recommend this hotel, for the views, size of room and service. We have great memories and hope to go back someday.	
Jul 18 2005	One of the best views in London....	We stayed at this hotel for a single night on 16th July. The hotel is situated directly above Temple tube station which made it very easy to find.The hotel foyer is oppulant and welcoming. The reception staff were plentiful and extremly pleasant.We had booked a room with a view, and as I said in the title, the view is one of the best in London. We were positioned almost opposite the National Theatre. We could see up and down the Thames and had perfect views of the London Eye and Tower Bridge. We could also see the Houses of Parliment and Big Ben.The room was kitted out to a high standard, and even included a Lavazza espresso / capuccino machine (with 6 cartidges)! However, the room lacked the old world style that I had expected after seeing the foyer. It seemed to be far more geared to a corporate guest rather than a recreational one. Having said that, I did have a fabulous time there.If I had to pick one fault with the hotel it would be that the furniture in the room wasn't big enough for me to be able to sit and look out of the window. The furniture was very comfatable, but the window was a little to high to see out of, unless I sat on two cushions from the bed. I will push the boat out and book a room with a balcony and river view next time!	
Jun 28 2005 	Fantastic Views of the Skyline Geared for the Business Traveller	I just got back from my trip to London, and my stay at the Howard Hotel. I really must say I enjoyed it a lot. I stayed in a River View room which had an excellent view of the Thames River, Big Ben, Parliment, The London Eye, etc. I would say that the hotel staff was very professional and courteous. The hotel is mostly geared toward the business traveller. I would definitely stay there again, but only if it were for business. If I was travelling for vacation only, I probably wouldn't of even considered this hotel.Although, I would recommend this hotel to a family with older kids (teens and up) looking for a upscale, convenient hotel to spend their vacation.Pros: Electronic keylock doors, high speed internet (at 15 pounds a day, but e-mail is free), clean, spacious, nicely planned rooms, exquisite marble bathrooms. Right in front of a Tube station entrance. Excellent views.Cons: The hotel resturant is more for business power lunches and dinners (i.e. stylish, and overpriced), than it is for the staying guests to eat at. The room service menu is slim, and as you might of guessed overpriced. You can eat better in Covent Garden or Soho for the same price that they charge for at the Hotel	
Jun 26 2005	Horrible	I am afraid that I am terribly upset. I am rating this 'terrible' due to a combination of things going wrong in my room, and poor poor service.I stayed at the hotel this weekend and checked out this morning. Here is a list of what went wrong:1. When I called to confirm my room, at 11pm (not a busy time), I was treated as if it was a chore to speak to me. The staff member was in a rush to get me off the phone, and did not address my queries satisfactorily. I wrote a quick email to register my annoyance and a member of staff called me back the next day and was apologetic, so I felt ok at that stage.2. On arrival, staff (all five or so) looked up at me, then went back to what they where doing until I was standing right in front of them waiting to be served. They did not indicate where lifts were either, and weren't that welcoming.3. Room was upgraded to river view probabaly due to initial complaint. that was nice. However, shower ran hot and cold and sink plughole was completely blocked.4. Coffee machine did not work. I called up and they told me to try using the coffee machine manually ie press button and wait for water to trickle through slowly. Very tedious. I asked for machine to be fixed whilst I was out of the room, but this was not done over my two day stay. It was capable of making one cup and then just gave up. I was offered room service for a hot beverage, and had to wait ten minutes.5. Engineer came to fix sink. I tld him about shower - he implied that I did not know how to use dials. He left a note saying shower was fixed. It was not.6. Was given complimentary oranges - one was mouldy!!!7. Whilst walking about in the lobby area last night - there were no staff around except one man at the reception of the bar area who looked up at me and my partner, and then back down at his desk, with utter disinterest. He was not busy, there were no other guests about. Is this five star service?8. We were bothered by a turn down service although we didn't ask for it9. The remote control didn't work well10. The receptionist who processed my check out was very unresponsive to my very discreet mention of my horrid time there. He asked me to write my issues down and didn't mention the matter further. I had to ASK if he was going to do anything about it. And he had to ask me if I had left my contact details. Now, why on earth would I hotel I had booked not have my details? I had to write them down as well.Basically, I cannot believe how I was made to feel that I was being unreasonable for wanting a cup of tea and a hot shower in a five star hotel.	
Jun 7 2005	The Howard-Amazing Location even Better Service	My daughter and I just spent a long weekend at The Howard. I Have set the bar high for her as we had a great location and an even better service experience. The y know how to provide service and make it appear effortlessly. They have ample personnel at check in who are both professional and personable. WE were very tired upon arrival and they were good enough to call the restaurant and have them keep it open a few extra minutes so we could get some lunch.They greeted us in the mornings by name and just blew us away by ensuring we had everything we needed to make this a special time.The room was amazing as we overlooked The London Eye, Big Ben and Parliament. The room had turndown service every night with weather updates and a few mints. Nice touches after touring all day.There are certainly cheaper rooms out there but when on vacation I want service and an overall experience that blows me away.You can save money at less expensive hotels where the twin beds are touching each other because the room is small or spend a few more dollars and have an experience that you will remember for a lifetime. I know for my daughter and I The Howard is a place we will always trasure. Thank you	
Jun 6 2005 	Yet another brown and beige hotel room	I stayed in a garden room, booked cheaply on lastminute.com. Pleasant and well located but it felt just ike any other minimalist hotel room, somewhere, anywhere in London.	
Jun 6 2005	Fantastic Hotel	We have just returned from the Howard and had the most amazing stay. We had room #515 which is a river facing room. The room was more than comfortable for the two nighs we were in London, what really made it special was the view. I cannot think that you can possibly get a better view in London, to the right you can see Tower Bridge and to the left Big Ben and the Eye, it was jaw dropping both at night and during day. The extras are expensive there is no doubt, but it's a 5* hotel so you expect that, I recommend the Embankment Cafe for breakfast under £5 and a great view of the river.	
May 31 2005	Luxury in London	We stayed just one night at the Swissotel recently and got a great rate on the internet of £100 per room per night on expedia. What a lovely surprise it was to be upgraded at reception to a larger room which had a separate seating area.The gentleman I dealt with at the front desk was very polite and helpful.Our room was a garden room but the view wasn't particularly impressive- the courtyard seemed very small from the 6th floor and we did wonder if people could see in from the surrounding offices! If I was staying for longer or for a special occasion I would seriously consider paying a bit extra to get a view of the River Thames.The room itself was very luxurious-the expresso machine was a nice touch and the bed was very large and one of the most comfortable I have stayed in. There was also a good selection of television channels. The bathroom was also quite nice although I did have problems with the shower. I couldn't adjust the angle of it so had to stand further than the shower screen meaning the water rebounded off me onto the floor! The shower was powerful though. I don't know if this was an isolated problem but it would really annoy me if I was staying here longer than 1 night.The location is very good being straight opposite Temple tube although it is a shame this is closed on a Sunday. The walk to Embankment isn't too long though- a pleasant 10-15 minute stroll along the river.Overall, we enjoyed our stay at the Swissotel although I wouldn't have wanted to pay much more than we did.	
Apr 11 2005	Changed My Life	What an experience! excellent room and river view, adding to our wonderful romantic trip... we got engaged!! however, couldn't enjoy the views while sitting down 'cause I'm only 4' nothing. My partner is 6'3&quot; but even he couldn't see out the window without standing, so higher chairs would enhance the experience, as well as a second lounger, 'cause I had to sit on the bed while my partner lounged in that fab chair. Wouldn't pay that price for the breakfast which disjoined the trip somewhat because we always feel hotel breakfast is part of our experience- so if the hotel were to address these 2 main recommendations, I'll let my partner take me back again.	
Apr 6 2005	Great Views of the Thames and the Eye	I stayed with some friends for a long weekend here in February and whilst it was a bit pricey we got a pretty good deal in the internet for two rooms overlooking the Thames. It really was fabulous to be able to lie in bed and see the Eye and the London skyline. The hotel is also really well located for a stroll onto the Strand and to be near the shows. I don't think I would have had breakfast if I'd had to pay extra for it as it was so expensive, but we had a b&amp;b package and I'd certainly recommend the muesli!	
Apr 5 2005	Sorted	Excellent Location, excellent views (was on the river side) and excellent staff. Could have done with slightly higher chairs in the room so when you sit down you can still see the fantastic view. Would stay again and recommend it, what more can you say about it than that, and no I don't work for them! Don't tell to many people though.... If you think the foods expensive, eat somewhere else it is a 5* hotel, if you want the price of a 3* breakfast stay in a 3* hotel its all about choices......	
Mar 31 2005 	Nice hotel if you avoid paying for breakfast!	I managed to stay for a week at this hotel in January, and spent just 11 pounds extra in addition to the price of the room! I was quite proud of myself. The price of breakfast is outrageous, even by London standards, so every morning we walked the block and a half to the Victoria Embankment cafe where you can get a nice breakfast, eggs and all (the full English) for around 7 or 8 pounds. I'd stay at the Howard again though if I could get the same room deal (through Expedia) as it is very convenient for both the West End and the City. The rooms are well appointed, very comfortable, robes provided, etc. - all the goodies one expects/needs for a business trip. It was also very quiet. We stayed on the garden side where there is no view (it's not much of a garden!) but there was absolutely no traffic noise - amazing considering you are in the middle of London.	
Mar 9 2005	Good Quality	As usual Swissotel didnot disappoint. Room was well maintained and clean. Larger than others Ive experienced in London. Excellent view of the Thames and London Eye in the distance. Breakfast in restaurant good but very expensive. In room coffee is high quality.Right across the street from the Temple tube stop. Within walking distance of many great sights. 3 tourist recommendations; 1) Take a boat tour on the Thames when you first arrive to give you a good orientation (lots of fun as well) 2) Go to the Imperial War Museum. Best I've visited. Lots of WWI and WWII exhibits. 3) Stick to pubs for food. I know its' cliche for London, but the fancier a restaurant looks, the more disappointing.	
Mar 8 2005	Over rated	My mother and I were staying for 2 nights so instead of getting 2 rooms, I decided to book the deluxe room with a seperate sitting area. What a waste of money, I would have been better off reserving 2 rooms. The room itself was very small, and the seperate sitting room was tiny and had no heat which made it very cold to sit in to read or work. The carpets in the room are starting to look worn and dirty. The rest of the room was appointed nicely. Beds were very comfortable. I would definetly skip the continental breakfast if you are coming from the US with the unfavorable exchange rate( $36.00 per person for toast, fruit and coffee) My major complaint was that we arrived at 11:30pm on a snowy night, and there was no doorman to help us with our bags. Staff was semi friendly. Overall, on a scale from 1 to 10, I would give it a 7 for a 4 star hotel.	
Mar 7 2005	Better Choices are out there	Alot better choices are out there for the money. Rooms are nice but the service was subpar. Staff was not too knowledgable about anything a common traveler would ask. Such things as how long it takes to get to the airport. They could even estimate it. The car they called for me the next day was suppossed to be a limo yet turned out to be a small car that couldn't fit our entire party. Rooms are nice and very modern but the staff was truly ignorant to its surroundings. Noticed on my credit card bill a month that they tried to charge me for drinks from the mini-bar that I did not have. I contested it and it was removed but I should not have happened to begin with.	
Feb 27 2005	Not so impressed	We have just returned from a weekend at the Howard and we were not totally impressed. The rooms were on the small side and as we had upgraded when we got there we expected something a little larger and the view wasn't that spectacular for the £30 a night extra.  If the Breakfast is not included in the price don't bother, very over priced for what it was. Unless your very well off don't bother with the bar either (we paid £20 for two glasses of wine!) or the mini bar! The other thing is watch out for the VAT, we paid alot more than expected. They don't include the 17.5% in the price, (it just says 'subject to' at the bottom in very small letters, not very clear!) There were hidden costs and they tried to charge us for extra breakfasts too! Overall it was a pleasant place to stay, in a good location but very over priced with not much flair for a 5* hotel. Oh and if your going before end of March the restuarant is closed but it doesn't tell you when you book. We'll stay at the melina white house next time!!!	
Feb 15 2005	Room ok service needs improving	We spent a few nights here in January. Overall, it was just ok. The room was comfortable, if a little smaller than expected. The location was fine. But the service was mediocre at best. Example: we ordered a couple of drinks in the lobby area (there are little drinks menus on the tables there, so they do serve there). We had to wait 30 minutes before someone came to take our order, and that happened only after we complained at the front desk and again in the restaurant. It then took another 20 minutes to get the drinks. The only upside was that the waiter disappeared completely after that, so we were never charged for the drinks. Also had to call housekeeping to replace light bulbs and that took nearly an hour. Next time we will stay in either the Marriott County Hall (bigger rooms, much better service) or the Sofitel.	
Feb 9 2005 	Best Location and best price in London	We just had a fabulous visit to London which had come up quite unexpectedly. The Howard proved to be the perfect hotel. First of all, they had a price which is affordable. If you call the hotel, a member of the very helpful staff will give you a great rate and advice on a spectacular room. Don't forget to ask them to include your breakfast. Our room, #706, was a corner room with a wide wall of windows and a window on the side giving a panoramic view. We overlooked the Thames and had a view of the London Eye, Big Ben and the Houses of Parliament. Out our side window was the Tower Bridge and the &quot;Big Gerkin&quot;. The bed was king size and the room a decent size. Water pressure in the shower was great. Coffee and tea machine is a big plus (ask housekeeping to make sure it is filled with water. This is something that requires a key). Lush bathrobes and slippers were included. The hotel is across the street from the Temple tube stop (closed on Sundays) and I had access to anyplace in London that I wished to go and I went everywhere. It is within walking distance to Covent Garden and the marvelous theater district. We walked (5 min) to the Royal Theater and saw &quot;The Producers&quot;. Several good restaurants very close to the hotel. Also within walking distance of Fleet Street and the oldest pub in London, Ye Olde Cheshire Cheese, which was frequented by Dr. Samuel Johnson, Charles Dickens and Mark Twain. The Jaan restaurant in the hotel had great French food which we enjoyed on a rainy night after a long day. We paid less than $250.00 a night and our rooms were as nice as the Dorchester which cost at least twice that amount. The staff was wonderful and friendly and we would definitely stay at the Howard again. 	
Feb 8 2005	Rude waiter soured the experience...	Beautiful hotel. Stayed here for wedding anniversary in July 2004. The room was wonderful, with a terrace overlooking the Thames and fantastic views.Unfortunately we were met by an extremely condescending and unnecessarily snooty waiter for breakfast. After paying £250 per night for the room, this left a somewhat nasty taste.	
Jan 13 2005	Great hotel!	Surprised at some of the reviews on here. My husband and I spent the last night of our honeymoon here at the beginning of January and wish we had longer to enjoy it! Very centrally located. We had booked our hotel on lastminute with a garden view, and when we checked in we were informed we had been upgraded to a river view! The view was great and the staff was helpful. Not sure why it's more reco'd for the bus. traveller and not the tourist. Beautiful location and close walk to theatres and other touristy sites. Right across the street from the tube, we actually took it all the way to Heathrow when we left (we had to change lines once but we switched at a station where the train was on the same platform), so it was really easy.Highly recommend.	
Jan 10 2005	Good hotel good location	Stayed here January 2005 for 3 nights. My budget could only stretch to a garden view, but the pleasant receptionist gave me a double aspect room at the end of the corridor and I could see the Eye &amp; the Houses of Parliament from my desk. The other window overlooked an office block so I had to have the curtains permanently closed. The room was spacious with a good kingsize bed and nice modern bathroom. There is a coffee machine, but if, like me, you drink herbal teas then you will have a problem as there is no hot water option. I do not recommend room service. The person taking the orders on the phone could not describle the meals available (hence I ordered more side dishes than I needed) and the meal arrived lukewarm and my fish was decidedly dry &amp; shrivelled. The location is great if you are working in the financial district and is within walking distance of many theatres. Overall, a good option if you can get a decent online rate.	
Jan 5 2005	Very Enjoyable Stay	My wife and I spent NYE in London and stayed at the Howard for three nights. The internationa; staff was very professional and courteous, and even though you could sense the place was primarily for business travelers, tourists such as we were treated outstandingly. Highly recommended.	
Dec 31 2004	Competent unexciting but good river view	My wife and I stayed at the Swissotel for a short autumn break for opera, shopping etc. The location of the hotel is pretty good for the West End. Our room was perfectly acceptable and the view over the River very good. But for a 5 Star hotel the Howard is a lacking in anything special or memorable.	
Dec 29 2004	Great if you want a river view	Have stayed here twice during the last year on special occasions. On the first occasion in early spring we were upgraded to a deluxe room with a wide wall of full-length windows offering a fabulous river view. (However, from late spring-autumn I would imagine the view from the lower floors would be seriously obstructed by trees lining the Embankment.) On the second occasion we had a superior room (the hotel's basic but still v. expensive room). This was just OK - average size. Still a great view, but with only two windows to waist-height the room had a boxy feel. The connecting door to the next room had been accidentally left unlocked, so we were unexpectedly disturbed by our neighbours during the night! All extras (minibar, breakfast etc.) are ludicrously expensive, even by London hotel standards. If a view isn't important then I'd struggle to recommend this place over other nearby hotels which offer much better value.	
Nov 29 2004	Fantastic view!	I stayed here with my husband for a theatre break weekend in September and we absolutley loved it. The room we stayed was extremely spacious and comfortable with a separate living area and coffee maker. The best bit were the floor to ceiling windows along one whole wall which gave us a fabulous view of the Thames which by night was just awesome. The check-in staff were a little frosty but other than that everyone we met was very helpful and the service was very efficient. Overall i cannot fault this hotel but do make sure you get a room with the Thames view!	
Nov 18 2004	Would stay again	This is a good place to stay in London, it is centrally located, and there is an Underground stop just outside the door (the stop is closed sunday). We stayed for four nights in November, aside from not having the friendliest staff and the lobby being very smokey it is a decent hotel. There are not many amenities to speak of, and it is more of a business hotel than for the tourist.	
Oct 25 2004	Bright lights Big City	Very nice indeed, river view room is a must,stunning by day, awesome by night. All staff were extremely polite and professional, food was wonderful. Great location, a definate thumbs up 5 star hotel	
Oct 12 2004	Excellent Hotel--We Loved It!	We stayed at the Swissotel from Sept 2-6, and absolutely loved it. We had an amazing view of the river. I definitely recommend getting a room w/ a river view. It is worth it. Out room was quite nice as well. No complaints at all. The location was very convenient--just a few minutes walk to Covent Garden, and the Temple tube stop is directly across the street. The restaurant at the hotel also has a garden, which was quite a nice place to have drinks before heading out or even for a night cap. The weather was great while we were there, so we did both. I would definitely stay here again. It was a pleasure.	
Aug 16 2004	Superb Hotel - Loved it	This superb hotel takes a lot of beating. This is the second time we have stayed there, and this time we had a suite with a river view.The suite was lovely - total luxury and modern.The view was superb - in fact we never closed the curtains!We had breakfast in our room which was a real treat - and included in our booking.	
Jul 13 2004	Misleading descriptions!	This is a lovely hotel but the description of the views from the rooms is very misleading! The hotel describes its rooms as having either a river or garden view. After reading some of the reviews in this site we decided on a garden view. I was so disappointed when we saw our room - the window was huge and overlooked a concrete building, we had to crane our necks to see the garden, and it didn't even look that impressive!So beware - if you chose a garden view this isn't necessarily what you get!!! Other than that it was a nice hotel but wouldn't go back.	
Jul 12 2004	Nice Room with a Great View	This hotel was very nice, the room was on the small side, but had a great view. The continental breakfast is ok, I wouldn't buy it if not included in your stay, it is very overpriced. If you don't have a room with a view, you have a view of an office building. The hotel is in an ok part of London, but there aren't many restaurants and shops in the area. The staff was nice, but kind of stuffy.	
Jul 3 2004	Great location clean rooms	The Howard is well located especially if you are a walker and/or tube user. Right across from the Temple station and an easy walk to all of Covent Garden, we also walked to Trafalger Square, Westminister and Leister Square. You can get anywhere from here. The room was a decent size and very clean. Service from the front desk and concierge was excellent. The hotel is not large and seemed to be very business person oriented so it was quiet which we liked. If you want a busy convention hotel this is not the one. The only complaints we had was no breakfast included and turn down service was spotty. We recieved slippers and chocolates (a nice touch) only on the last night of our seven night stay. I would highly recommend this hotel but would have given it five stars if breakfast were included.	
May 22 2004	My favorite hotel in London	I've stayed in many upscale hotels in London and this is my firm favorite. I love the rooms -- they're stylish and clean, and the river view rooms have a fantastic view. (The rooms at the back don't have a nice view, but they're still lovely rooms.) You can get great rates here at the weekend, the lowest I know of for a hotel in this class.It's always my first choice when I'm staying in London.	
May 15 2004	Great location but rooms not that large	The Howard is in a perfect location, and sitting outside on a balcony is magical. Only gripes - the rooms could be larger, and it would be nice to have basic breakfast included. 	
May 7 2004	Not too bad not too good either	The best thing about this hotel is the view - and of course you have to pay extra to get it. The espresso machine in the room was a nice touch, but a basic, continental breakfast should have been included in the price of the room. Otherwise, you're left with espresso, some processed fake-milk to put in it, and a sour, hungry stomach! The staff was reluctant at best, but typically snooty. Anyone who's done a fair amount of traveling can see that the snooty airs are put on by mid-level, wanna-be upscale hotels who don't bother to train their staff to properly serve their customers. Sorry Swissotel, but an icy staff does not a fancy hotel make! I stayed here on business, and it was good for that. I can't recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a romantic holiday or liesurely trip. Find a place in this price range with a little more personality.	
Mar 21 2004	Fantastic View - with balcony - UNBEATABLE !	If you want a nice comfortable hotel and are not too worried about extensive facilities, but want the best view in London at probably the best price then book yourself a river view suite with balcony, order a cocktail with lunch, sit back and marvel. Later that evening order another cocktail with dinner on your balcony, sit back ....... U get the idea! Next day pop over to Harvey Nic's for lunch and more cocktails then back to your balcony ...... Fantastic !	
Feb 16 2004	Service matters	Although the room rate was reduced for Valentines night I have to say the service was generally very poor. Huge queues for breakfast, insufficient staff to cope and a lack of desire to do anything to help, even overtly avoiding eye contact!Room was good and the bed was good but that is not enough. The restaurant Jaan thinks it is better than it truly is.	
Feb 3 2004	Most comfortable bed I ever stayed in	This is a very beautiful hotel and for London, the rate could not be beat. My husband and I spent the New Year in London. The room was rather large by US standards, but by European standards, it was enormous. The bed itself was made the trip, neither of us every spent a more comfortable night as we did there. We found the room service menu to be comperable with other hotels in London, which basically translate to expensive, but you are not far from some wonderful small restaurants with more moderate priced meals. The hotel is completely accesible for those in a wheelchair.	
Jan 22 2004	Very comfortable hotel	We spent one night here on a weekend theatre break. The hotel was conveniently located opposite Temple tube station and within easy walking distance of Covent Garden, the theatre and the Embankment. The staff were very welcoming and we found our room to be extremely comfortable, with a huge 6 foot bed. We had a room on the back of the hotel which overlooked a courtyard garden that was beautifully lit up at night. It was very quiet and we had an undisturbed night's sleep. My husband was impressed because the room had Sky Sports so he was able to catch up with the football results before we went to the theatre. Our only complaint would be the tea and coffee making facilities which I have seen described as unique - they are certainly that. Great if you like Espresso, but a little strong for standard coffee drinkers! A hint for those thinking of having a late breakfast at weekends - everyone else has the same idea so you might have to queue or share a table.	
Jan 12 2004	Good but not THAT good	I stayed for two nights in January 2003. Yes, the location is good, but personally I'd prefer somewhere more central to Covent Garden as a tourist base. The hotel is right opposite Temple tube station, but this is closed on Sundays.As far as value for money is concerned, this hotel only just passes muster. I prefer the Waldorf, or Kingsway Hall.	
Jan 8 2004	Good Hotel Great Location		
Dec 23 2003	Location is wonderful		
Dec 17 2003	nice place to stay		
Nov 18 2003	small but perfectly formed		
Oct 14 2003	Paying for Quality		
Sep 21 2003	smart and stylish london hotel		
Sep 14 2003	fairly nice		
Aug 3 2003	The Howard is great		
Jul 29 2003	Family loved the Howard		
Sep 11 2002	Fantastic Hotel		
Nov 14 2009 	so nice		
Oct 25 2009 	Super Hotel		
Oct 9 2009 	Heimat		
Oct 2 2009 	???????		
Sep 4 2009 	Goed maar prijzig (zaken)hotel op prima plek		
Aug 17 2009 	De l'espace dans le Londres central		
Aug 7 2009 	Très chic		
Jul 14 2009 	der erste Eindruck trügt		
May 17 2009 	zentral und echt zu empfehlen		
May 5 2009 	magnifique		
Apr 14 2009	Elegantes Hotel an guter Lage		
Mar 28 2009 	Vue imprenable sur la Tamise !!!		
Feb 21 2009 	Super Hotel mit Super Aussicht		
Jan 25 2009 	Excellent hotel mais des détails qui fachent		
Oct 15 2008 	Rare bon rapport qualité prix à Londres		
Oct 13 2008 	????????????????		
Sep 1 2008 	Tolle Lage		
Aug 28 2008 	Una gran elección		
Mar 25 2008 	une merveille		
