Nov 19 2009 	Nice hotel in a very good location - great for business or pleasure	I stayed here just for one night in November. Got a rate of £175 room only via Late Rooms which I thought was expensive - but this is central London.Hotel is well equipped. Rooms are really nice with a good bathroom/shower and separate toliet. They've done a good job in designing the rooms to maximise space without sacrificing the square footage so the rooms feel spacious.Good in room entertainment and otherr amenities as you'd expect but the clincher really is the location.Good bar (fairly expensive) and restaurant with very impressive communal areas/reception.You are a few minutes from some of the nicest parts of London. Fantastic for tourists and very accessible for business - a five minute walk from Tower Bridge.	
Nov 14 2009 	Great location and excellent value	We will be going back, which is surely the best recommendation. The main feature is the location; very near the Tate Modern, Globe, Millenium Bridge, St. Pauls - not far to walk to the Tower of London in the other direction. Round the corner from Clink St, Southwark Cathedral and Borough market - lots of atmosphere in this area.With the Novotel you know what you are going to get; which is a major advantage when trying to source a reasonably proiced hotel in London - there are a lot of dodgy hotels at the lower end of the budget scale. Rooms are well equipped; breakfasts are plentiful and good quality; prices are excellent especially when travelling with kids. OK, the rooms are not excatly spacious when the sofabed is down for the kids - but who wants to come to London with kids and stay in the hotel room?	
Nov 9 2009	Avoid this strange place	I have just returned from this hotel after a leisure weekend in London booked with Edwards Coach tours. What a fiasco! The room booking plainly stated &quot;twin&quot;. When we arrived we found one double bed, so went to reception to ask to change. To say I was met with a response more appropriate from Hitler himelf would be an understatement. The receptionist was abrupt, rude, unhelpful and tried to make me feel grateful that i had accommodation at all never mind the wrong type of room. She spoke to me as if I were a naughty child, and was adamant there was nothing she could do (more like nothing she would do!!) Eventually we got them to make up the sofa bed that was in the room, but again when i raised a question about the rather dubious comfort of this her answer to everything was No! NO! NO! NO! I rather think it was a new word she had used that day and was practising!Taking her out of the equasion the room itself was not really satisfactory. There are no doors on the wardrobe. the toilet is separate from the bathroom, so you have to walk the entire length of the room to wash your hands after using the toilet, and, with no disrespect intended a person of large build would have great difficulty in such a small toilet cubicle. Most unsatisfactory. The rooms do have a safe and iron with ironing board which i suppose is one redeeming feature.Breakfast was tasty and plentiful and the service was good. However, both the tea and the coffee were disgusting. The hotel is close to London Bridge tube but as a frequent traveller to London I have stayed in many hotels in the city. This is postively the worst and i will not be returning. Avoid this at all costs	
Nov 3 2009 	Perfect for viewing fireworks New Years Eve	stopped in this hotel new years eve 2006 and 2007 with 3 kids as its very close to Southwalk Bridge (5mins walk) an ideal viewing spot for the firework display at London Eye. Many families do exactly the same but also the usual crowds celebrating a gather complete with champagne, party poppers etc. Paid part cash part tesco vouchers. The breakfast is self service hot and cold buffet with cerials toast etc Has a pleasant bar who were happy to warm bottles etc for baby. Had complimentary drinks as our room wasnt available until after 2pm and we were disappointed we couldnt get checked in and start sight seeing. Lovely location for Tate Modern, Millenium Bridge etc Had a taxi to British Museum for under a tenner. Parking reasonable considering location, but sometimes barrier is left up and you can come and go for free !!	
Nov 1 2009 	EXCELLENT VALUE 	Stayed here Friday night in October. Booked in advance on a non-refundable tariff and got room for 2 adults and 1 child incl breakfast for £109 which was fantastic value. When we checked in (slightly early, but not a problem) they were only expecting 2 adults. Fortunately our confirmation quoted 2+1 and they put us in a family room, but as the hotel was very busy it was lucky we arrived early. Room had everything you could want or need for both business and pleasure and was very clean, including the carpet (some hotels only seem to vacuum once in a blue moon). Bathroom great, including complimentary toiletries (only need your toothbrush/paste) and a decent sized bathtowel which made a pleasant change. Restaurant was pleasant enough, good service. Excellent value childrens menu although the portions were just ridiculously large for a child - I would have struggled to eat the pasta main course myself. Breakfast was plentiful and lot's of choice, although it paid to get there a bit early as the queue by 9am was long. 20 mins free internet access should you want it, plus some sort of xbox/wii in reception for kids. Only a 5 minute walk from London Bridge tube, and the city was 5 mins away across Southwark Bridge. As London Bridge is on the Jubilee line it was very useful for the 02 (although I'm not sure it's running at weekends at the moment).	
Oct 20 2009 	Family friendly but not romantic	We stayed here with our four children for three days in October. There are lots of good points about this hotel and a few negative. The hotel is family friendly (children eat free for breakfast) with a kids menu. The hotel was close to London Bridge tube station(about 10 mins walk). They allowed us to store our luggage in the luggage room on our last day so we could do some more sightseeing. The rooms were cheap considering we had to book two rooms...good value really. However the rooms are SMALL. It is certainly not a hotel to go to if you want a romantic weekend. Our two rooms were not connected and this disappointed us. The reception lady seemed happy that the two rooms were on the same floor!! The other complaint we had was that they came in very early to make the rooms up each day..sometimes at 8am! Overall though it is a good value hotel for families with cheap rooms at a 4 star level.	
Oct 19 2009 	Great hotel would definately recommend	After travelling 24 hrs plus I was very excited to check in early. The place is very nice and close to a number of things including London Bridge station, red bus pick etc. The restuarant is great, I can't say a bad thing, we ate there every night as the food and prices were fantastic, kids menu is a plus!! Staff were very friendly and helpful.	
Oct 12 2009 	perfect utility accommodation	We needed somewhere convenient to stay the night &amp; have breakfast following an evening wedding reception. Novotel fitted the bill perfectly. The check in, the bar and, the next morning, breakfast, as we experienced them, where quick &amp; efficient &amp; friendly. (We can understand how it could be otherwise as it does seem to be a training hotel for the company - enthusiatic but not necessarily very exprienced staff.) The room itself was quiet and had all we needed. Once served breakfast was so relaxing we nearly missed our checking out time. The hotel is just a couple of minutes walk from the South Bank, in easy walking distance of the Tate Modern and St Paul's. There were families with small children staying but they did not disturb us beyond causing the occasional trip hazard. It is a perfect base for walking the city's sights if your accommodation requirements are purely utility.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great design but not well-designed...	I travel to London often on business, but this time was accompanied by my wife and 10-year-old daughter. Most London hotel rooms are small, so was looking for something that could fit 3 reasonably well.Novotel room was tight fit - with double bed and fold-out sofa, barely room for our luggage, so we upgrade to a suite for additional £40 per night (negotiated from £50). the suite was very roomy and came with free internet (regularly £15 per night) and breakfast (£30), so it was basically a free upgrade.The pros:- great size suite- convenient location to almost all of London- very modern looking hotelThe cons:- TVs not working - had to call for service twice (eventually fixed)- Internet woes one night (again called for service and fixed)- Not enough outlets - desk had 3 outlets, all in use by TV, cable &amp; router - so couldn't plug in laptop without disconnecting TV- No wireless - had ethernet access to Internet (£15 per night) but I like to use Skype on my iPhone for calls, which require wireless. In 2009 no excuse for a hotel not to offer wireless Internet.- The design of the rooms was modern and &quot;looked cool&quot; but not at all practical. Modern sink barely left enough room to place shaving kit. In our initial room (before suite upgrade), the toilet was separate from rest of bathroom, so had to walk to other side of room to wash hands. Just not well laid-out.- Restaurant/room service was mediocre. Plus, one morning asked to buy coffee to take away and they wouldn't do it - could only serve it to eat in.Overall, this was an OK hotel. Once we upgraded to the suite, we were fine and it was reasonably priced for what you get. I'd consider staying here again if they added wireless.	
Oct 7 2009 	Nice Hotel Great Location	We stayed at the Novotel in July for a long weekend break to explore the south bank. Hotel was very clean. Staff very helpful and friendly and it was in a great location to get to the places we wanted to visit such as the Tate Modern, Borough Market and the Dali Exhibition. Would definitely stay there again..	
Oct 3 2009 	Lovely hotel with great location	I have absolutely nothing bad to say about this hotel - if you can get a good deal booking on the internet (and I did) it's so worth staying here. Very comfortable, it made my jetlag a breeze when I first arrived in London. The room was huge by London standards, staff were super friendly and helpful, fantastic water pressure in the shower (if you've stayed in London before you may know how rare this can be!), great breakfast with fresh fruit - I'd definitely stay here again!	
Oct 2 2009	City sights in walking distance	Me and my 10 year old son arrived with the Eurostar at London St.Pancras in the afternoon. Tube is possible with two stations nearby, but we had an appointment with the London Eye, so time to check a, no question, black only cab.No time to wait at check-in, a surprise, german girl, nice and friendly secured a room on the 6th floor, immediatelly after we´ve asked for an upstairs room.Lobby is not that large with a bar and coffee shop and a restaurant on the other side.The room greeted us with a suspicious smell, not really bad, but something like wet and not enough time to go dry again. It was possible to open the windows, we had them open during our city visit and it was ok when we´re back in the evening.The room itself fitted with well designed modern furniture, carpet floor, what I dont prefer,but spacious enough for the two of us. Also a small working desk with a flat screen TV .Bathroom was fitted with the warm welcomed bathtub, also from the smallish side, but clean and ok so far. The hotel is located near the Riverbank, close to Tate modern and also the London Eye in walking distance. No problems also, when we walked back in the evening. The hotel was fully booked, therefore the breakfast room was to small to cater all the pax, but the buffet style breakfast was ok. There is also a free internet station in the lobby, where we secured seats for the outbound flight on BA.No time to wait at check out, another friendly german girl there, the next tube station reachable within five minutes also with bags.	
Oct 1 2009 	Great Location - Great Staff	Not a great fan of staying in London but think I have now found a pad that ticks all the right boxes - Great Location 2 minutes from London Bridge an friendly staff. Check in a breeze and a talkative chap from Hungry in the bar. Room good size with Separate Toilet and Bathroom (as in all Novotel's I believe) Breakfast was good with personal TV if you wanted it. I'll be back.	
Sep 30 2009 	Nice hotel - but don't expect a good sleep.	At first sight this is a good mid-market London hotel. The rooms are small - made smaller because of the French owners insistence on separating bathroom and toilet - but nicely decorated and furnished. But it fails to deliver one key requirement - a good nights sleep. The pillows are a joke, little more than cushions. They should test those in the nearby Premier Inn. The air conditioning is noisy but switching it off simply leaves you with an overheated room. And for a hotel with a £250 per night rack rate its highly cheapskate - why only 3 milk cartons in a room for two, £4 per night for wi-fi access, only one person on the front desk at peak check in? That said breakfast was good and plentiful. All in all, not up to the standard it should be setting.	
Sep 27 2009 	Room Fine - Breakfast a Fiasco	Stayed overnight. Reception staff were excellent. The room was fine. Very clean and everything we wanted. The location was superb. Only a short walk to Borough Market, London Bridge Underground, the Globe etc.But breakfast - my, oh my! The food was fine, if you could get it. No glasses for fruit juice - had to ask and wait until some came.thenNo bowls for cerial - had to ask and wait until some came.thenNo cutlery on the table - had to ask and wait until some came.thenNo plates for hot buffet breakfast - had to ask and wait until some came.thenNo plates for toast - had to ask and wait until some came.Get the picture?We were never asked if we wanted tea or coffee, and when we eventually asked a waiter, he had to collect coffee pots from vacated tables, take them to the kitchen, wash them up, refill them, and then brought us one. By then our meal was nearly over.There is no leadership, and the staff run round like headless chickens, achieving nothing. Such a shame, as the hotel would be good if the breakfast service was only average.	
Sep 11 2009 	Super Location great hotel	Stopped for 1 night in hotel for City break. Good location, easy access from underground and good for sightseeing (took us only 20 walk to London Eye in the morning). Rooms bit small , but facilities modern, clean and Breakfast superb, very tempting! Staff polite. Rates bit too expensive even for London, but it is worth it, especially for travellers with children as hotel do not charge extra for kids or their brekfast. We all enjoyed it, will stop again any time.	
Aug 18 2009 	Lovely hotel in a fab position!	We stayed here for one night as we wanted to do some sightseeing in London on the way to visit relatives. We have stayed in Novotels before and have always had an enjoyable stay - this was no exception,Lovely, spacious reception area, separate bar and restaurant, plus internet access provided. Check in was trouble-free, and we were provided with a map of London (with money-off vouchers for restaurants and attractions) plus a Tube map when we asked.The room was great - very clean and modern with a compact but attractively-designed bathroom. Plenty of toiletries as well.Breakfast buffet the next morning was good - usual cooked breakfast, plus waffles with maple syrup(yum) plus cereals, toast, croissants etc. We were glad we had come down to breakfast at 8am, however, as the queue for the dining room was reaching around reception by the time we checked out at 9am.Location was excellent - short walk to Tate Modern, plus good range of restaurants. A bit of a walk to the Tube, but not too bad.A very pleasant stay.	
Aug 14 2009 	Visit to O2	We stayed in this hotel as part of a package to the O2 so unsure what the true price was. Perfectly located if you are planning a visit to the O2 especially at the moment with the closure of the Jubilee Line at weekend as you can catch the Thames Clipper just a short stroll at London Bridge, which takes you on a pleasant trip directly to the O2.Modern hotel ideally located also for Bankside and the numerous bars and restaurants - this is a very trendy area now - who needs to go across the water?!Nice reception - the room was not huge although the bed settee had been put up for our little one so I would imagine the room size would be good with the bed closed. Unusual layout for bathroom with a separate toilet - very welcome with my husband! Nice shower and separate full size bath. Small mini bar usually priced for London.Breakfast was buffet which we had no complaints about either food or service.Free internet and PC use in the reception - very useful to catch up while awayOverall a good experience which we would certainly use again when visiting London.	
Aug 9 2009 	Quality Hotel - Don't think so!	This is a hotel that charges £270 A NIGHT for a double room at off the street prices. Fortunately I was there as part of a package so didn't.. First the good news. The reception area was very nice and the hotel is conveniently placed for Borough market, and London Bridge station.Now to the room.I don't think,so called, quality hotels should have long hairs on the room toilet on arrival, when we both have short hair. I don't think they should have holes in the curtains. I don't think they should have a sink that doesn't drain. I don't think they should have sliding doors on the bathroom that don't. Slide that is. I don't think it should have a queue that meanders around the dining room between the tables at the buffet breakfast, and a toaster at the end of the breakfast 'bar' so that anyone who wants some has to stand about and hold up the whole queue. And I don't think the said breakfast should be virtually cold and so greasy you'd be better off at the cafe near the market. £270 a night. Dreadful!	
Aug 8 2009 	"Does what it says on the tin"	A pleasant and enjoyable stay at the Novotel. We found the hotel convenient and the staff were always friendly and helpful. Room was clean and everything worked well. The bath and separate shower made it easy for the 4 of us. Considering the location, within walking distance of St Pauls, Millenium abridge and a little more distant the London Eye it was exceptional value for money. we breakfasted at cafes around the nearby Borough Market. We slept soundly and the hotel was peaceful and surprisingly quiet. Only downside was problems on Jubilee Line but Northern Line aslo runs through London Bridge station which is closest to hotel.We will certainly use Novotel City South when in London again.	
Aug 5 2009 	WONDERFUL HOTEL.... ALL YOU COULD ASK FOR 	We stayed for 2 nights and had the best time in London.Very much thanks to the superb staff and location of this Hotel.The staff are a credit to the Novotel chain and made us feel valued.The buffet breakfast was very good .A great way to start your day before all the sight seeing,Car park at the rear of the Hotel and not too expensive !!!!! Our room was large,modern,clean, well equiped and yet cosy.Thank you Novotel for a great time in London..Robert, Helen.Abigail &amp; Ruth ------Northern Ireland	
Aug 5 2009 	Clean modern and comfortable.	I stayed at this hotel recently with my wife and two young children for two nights.The hotel is clean, modern, comfortable and all of the staff made us feel welcome. It is only a very short walk to Shakespeare's Globe Theatre, the Tate modern and across the Millenium Bridge to St Pauls Cathederal.Although it is a bit further to walk it is very pleasant strolling along the south bank to the London Eye and Westminster.	
Jul 17 2009 	nice hotel - good service	The Novotel London City South is a really great place to stay. We stayed there for one night. The rooms are quite big, modern and clean. The breakfast is served as buffet. The staff is really nice and helpful. On the day of our departure we were able to leave our backpacks in the hotel after checking out until our final departure. The tube station is about 5 - 7 minutes walk from the hotel.	
Jun 28 2009 	a good night's sleep at the city south...	My second stay at this hotel, I have always found that the rooms are spacious and comfortable, I quite like the podlike bath or shower combination. Lack of a trouser press is slightly annoying for business people. The decor is modern, and there is an effective A/C unit. The window blinds work well to keep the light out at night. The beds are fairly comfortable and I enjoyed a good nights sleep which is essential with work early each morning. Staff members were quite friendly and helpful on both occasions. I didn't try the breakfast this stay (June 09) as I found that it was a pretty standard fare. There are lots of little cafes etc round nearby if you prefer different. Agree with the previous reviewers remark about the tube being far from the hotel, its about 10 min away from the nearest tube station- London Bridge Station. However the walk does take in some great places such as Borough market, and then a nice walking distance to the city, or London Bridge area.	
Jun 20 2009 	Comfortable and spacious- a gem!	The rooms are spacious and comfortable. I loved the bed which was absolutely plush and comfy. My friend and I had the best sleep in our month long trip throughout Europe.Staff members were also friendly and eager to help. Security was good as access to the lifts required a room card to be swiped through the reader before you could operate the lift.A negative point for some travellers who prefer to travel around London by the tube was that the hotel is a good 10-15 min away from the nearest tube station- London Bridge Station. This might not be ideal for pple with heavy luggage. Southwark station is simply too far away, would take at least 20-25 min to reach.	
Jun 9 2009 	Great location for tourist attractions	Five minutes walk away from The Globe , Tate Modern, Borough Market, OXO Tower and the delights South Bank has to offer - great place to stay.Clean and spacious, with parking (c.£20 per 24 hours), you can’t really go wrong for the price – we had a special weekend rate of under £100.Not a hotel you would want to spend your week’s holiday in – but perfect for a weekend break to see the sights. Friendly and helpful staff – we arrived at midday and despite check-in two hours away we were found a room within minutes.We didn’t try the hotel restaurant as far too many options for eating on the doorstep – bar and restaurant seemed rather soulless. Borough Market is literally on the doorstep and is a must visit if you’re into food. Try the tapas place on the corner – always packed you can’t miss it!We walked for most of our trip - if it's good weather would reccomend walking along the river bank - you see so much more! c.40 minute walk to Millbank and Tate Britain, c.30 minute walk to London Eye and Westminster. 10 mins Tower of London or St Paul's in the other direction!	
Jun 2 2009 	Good location for the South Bank	We decided to stay in this hotel as we had booked a tasting session at Vinopolis which is very near.The hotel is good and the rooms are larger than most you would find in london. I would not stay here for longer than a couple of days though as the wardrobe and storage space is limited. Also I found the mattress too thin to be comfortable. The rooms are clean and have windows you can open, which again in unusual in london.The staff were a bit hit and miss. The night staff gave me the impression they did not want to be there. We did have to change rooms at midnight when we came home as the battery for the door lock had died and they did not handle this as well as they could have but I doubt this happens that often.The bar staff are slow but do produce brilliant cocktails (Not that expensive for london). I had the best Pimms and Lemonade ever (Loads of fruit)Breakfast is excellent with a good choice of both cooked and continential.This is also a good location for the South Bank.I would stay here again if I was visiting the area	
May 31 2009 	Nice Hotel not far from South Bank	The Novotel happens to be very convenient for our London offices so is the obvious choice to stay in for that purpose. It is a clean and well appointed hotel with good facilities the only letdown on my visit was the food which I would describe as only average.The hotel is not particularly close to a tube station with London Bridge being the closest and a 5 minute walk away. I have also used the bar for business meetings and the hotel is both welcoming and accommodating.	
May 28 2009 	Excellent Stay	I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights on a business trip and would stay at this hotel again. The rooms were clean and well serviced. The staff were polite and helpful and the location is excellent for taxis and public transport. Would highly recommend this hotel for business or leisure.	
May 28 2009 	Good place to stay - but not a 4-star hotel	We've stayed at the City South Novotel a few times now, and it basically does what it says on the box. You get a room, you sleep, you have breakfast, you leave. The package is adequate, and for the lack of hassle, I would recommend it to others.The location is good, close to the Thames and riverside walk, with easy access to the sights on the northern side, too. The room is fine, but furnishings and fittings are getting rather worn. Our bed was of the sofa bed variety - which is ok, since the room had two of them and we could use the other one to sit in. The problem is that it was not a particularly comfortable sleep, and it actually is not a particularly comfortable sit, either. We paid in advance for breakfast, and found it to be good value. There is nowhere quite near enough to just step out of the hotel for breakfast otherwise, although you are close to the restaurants by the river and of course about 10 minutes from the Borough Market where everything is available.If you do not fancy venturing out in the evening, the restaurant (and room service by extension) offers a decent selection and it is tasty.Parking is in the courtyard but run by the hotel next door. It is quite cheap by big city standards (20 pounds for 24 hours), so makes bringing your car a decent prospect, and especially if you are arriving from the southern side of the city.	
May 22 2009 	Good hotel but didnt give 4* feeling	We stayed here two nights in a family room (2+2) and paid 220 pounds in total plus 35 for parking on the site. For the price we have paid I can only say it was worth the money. This Novotel is 4* and provides all you need.Plusses are the location, just south of Millenium Bridge, so after breakfast you literally walk over to the other side to find yourself at St Pauls Cath.If you would need to pay the full price (quoted 260 pounds per night for a family room) I would think twice!The room is ok but not that spacious, particularly the bathroom. Its entrance is a few inches from your bed. They solved it nice with sliding doors because a regular door wouldn't fit (but this tells you something about the space it provides).Staff at breakfast much have eaten his tongue the night before, because you couldn't understand a word of what they said. They were really a bunch of unhappy people. Now I know I wouldn't like to get up early to serve people breakfast (maybe for a modest pay), so I can understand where it is coming from. STill it ruins your mood if staff cannot be a little more 'alive'. We are not asking for much, only to return a little smile, show us a table, some coffee/tea and then we'll help ourselves from the buffet you know.Having said that, I must add we had a very friendly bartender who tried to entertain you with his own cocktail recipe and he made you feel welcome.If you are travelling with a family and don't mind to take a train into Central London you may wish to consider to stay at Hilton Dartford near the crossing. A double double room is very spacious, breakfast is of a higher standard and we have stayed there for the same money as we paid for Novotel now. The parking fee at Novotel was 35 in total, so this can pay your train tickets from Dartford or Orpington, which only takes you about 25-30 mins. to Central LondonWould I recommend this NOvotel? Well, depends on the price you'd have to pay and the things you would find important at a hotel. It could be both a yes or a no.	
Apr 27 2009 	Dont pay higher prices for "LONDON BRIDGE" hotels - this is as good as!	We stayed here for 3 nights over the New Years Eve celebrations. I had looked at the London Bridge Novotel to see if we could stay there as it is closer to London Bridge - but it was sold out.As it turned out this hotel was cheaper and less then a five minute walk from the other Novotel at London Bridge. The underground station is also around five minutes away from the hotel on foot. I have been back in London since and stayed in a Hilton in the docklands, and after this Novotel I was seriously disappointed with the overpriced Hilton.Dont be fooled by other hotels charging £50-60 more then this a night. It is in a great location, has nice rooms and good food. It is actually almost on Southwark Bridge which is the bridge adjacent to London Bridge.Stay here - for good value and excellent quality.We found the hotel staff a bit frustrating - you had to ask them everything twice, even in the bar - or indeed 3 times. And on check in and check out they couldnt find my reservation or my Novotel customer card number which was a little frustrating as they kept insisting I must be mistaken even though I had everything documented and with me. I wouldnt let this put me off though.	
Apr 16 2009	A very good place to stay in London	Novotel hotel in Southwark Bridge Road, London is a very good place to stay in London at very reasonable tariff. It is also very close to some of the places to go around in London, e.g. The Thames River, The Tower Bridge, St Paul's Chathedral etc. which makes this hotel a very good place to stay if you are a tourist.	
Apr 8 2009 	A good clean reliable hotel	This is the second time we have stayed at this hotel. It is very handy as it is the right side of the city centre for us as we fly into London City Airport. The other thing I like about the location is that it is close enough to the city for all the attractions to be accessible but far enough from the hustle and bustle to ensure a good nights sleep. We found that a taxi to most of the sights was less than £10 for the 4 of us.Both times we've stayed we have taken a suite as in both cases we were given an exceptional deal. This gave us a master bedroom for the parents and a pull out bed for our 2 daughters. The rooms are very spacious and nicely styled with separate bathroom and toilets. The one thing we did miss on this visit was the children's play area in the lobby which has now been replaced by 2 Apple Macs for internet access- The plus side of this is they are connected to a printer so you can preboard your flights home and print out your tickets.Good, friendly staff and varied breakfast choices top off a really decent hotel.	
Feb 15 2009 	Well placed for both South bank and the City	I most recently stayed here in January 09 but have stayed here quite frequently for the past four years. The main reason I stay here is that it is in an excellent location. The hotel is located right next to Southwark Bridge which makes it very convenient to get to London Bridge train and tube station and our offices at More London. From London Bridge it’s only a couple of stops to Canary Warf or a short walk into the city so I can get to either place with a minimum of fuss.The location also makes it very easy to find somewhere nice to go out at night as there are lots of places to get food or a drink round the borough market area or you can easily get on the tube to somewhere in the West end.The hotel itself has always been excellent. It still feels ‘new’ even though it must have been there for four or five years now. I’ve always rooms are functional but well equipped and comfortable with lots of space to do work if needed and a good bathroom and shower. Every time I’ve visited the staff have always been really helpful and friendly too providing better service than I’ve received at hotels twice the price.When I go down to London for work this is usually my first choice hotel as it’s always been great value.	
Jan 27 2009 	Novotel is Top Notch	Recently spent a week at the Novotel London City South. We had a great time. The hotel is wonderful. The staff were very helpful and informative. Hotel was very clean and we had no problems. Hotel is very convenient to Public transportation. There is a bus stop right outside the door. Also, you can catch other buses directly around the corner, not to mention that the London Bridge Tube Station is about a 5 minute walk. The food in the hotel was very good. The only downside was that the rooms are a bit small. We had 3 people in our party and at times the room was crowded. However, we were on holiday and the last thing we wanted to do was spend time in the hotel room. Room would be perfect for two people. All of London's attractions are fairly close and if you like walking you can get there easily as well. I suggest you take the bus or tube. The biggest bargain in London is the daily pass for all transportation.For 5.60 pounds a day you can ride unlimited on the buses and Tube. When I return to London, I will surly not hesitate to stay at the Novotel London City South again.	
Jan 2 2009 	Great value good location and modern	Stayed at the Novotel for almost a week for business. Newer hotel with basic amenities. Very clean rooms and common areas. Not sure if all rooms were built this way, but toilet is located around the corner from the shower and faucet. Not a problem, just a little different.Hotel staff cheery and helpful. In-house gym was very basic but useable. Pub downstairs had a relaxing atmosphere.Close to the tube (about a 5 minute walk) and to the market (5 minute walk). Also very close to the Thames, so great for decompressing after a long day at the office.	
Dec 18 2008	Welcoming family break	I stayed here for 3 nights with my wife and daughter, and had an excellent stay. The purpose of the visit was sightseeing. We had a room with double bed and sofa bed. The room was spotless, with a king-sized bed and a full double sofa bed. With the sofabed made up there was not a huge amount of space, but both beds were extremely comfortable. The bathroom was compact but very well designed, with aseperate loo.The reception staff could not have been more welcoming, especially for our daughter. They made the stay memorable for her. They were also well informed and informative regarding theatre bookings and travel arrangements. We did dine in the restaurant and were pleasantly surprised at the quality - however with the various restaurants and bisto's around the corner in Borough Market there were too many other alternatives to try on other evenings, and also for breakfast.The hotel also benefits from on site parking, which is a great convenience - although we arrived, parked up, and didn't use the car again until we left as there is plenty of public transport on the doorstep (Tube and bus).All in all I wouldn't hesitate to recommend the hotel.	
Nov 15 2008 	Average mid-range branded hotel	Novotel does some super hotels, but this one is merely average. I thought the room was rather bland, although it did have everything I needed inc room safe, coffee/tea, toiletries and tissues (but no facecloth), minibar, good tv, etc. There was a decent breakfast with comprehensive choice, although there was a very long queue which really isn't acceptable.The location is good for the South Bank (Tate Modern, Borough Market, etc), but the tube station is quite a walk away. The hotel does have a surface car park.	
Oct 29 2008 	Well placed hotel - good value.	We recently stayed at the Novotel for two nights having booked a Theatre Break with Superbreak. We arrived at lunchtime and the room was ready so we could put our luggage straight in before venturing out. The receptionist was very pleasant and helpful.The room was fairly compact for 2 adults and 2 teenage daughters and had one king- size bed and one sofa-bed. We didn't spend a lot of time in it and there was enough room to move around when the sofa-bed was not pulled out, but it was a bit tight when it was made up. The bathroom was again compact with a decent sized shower, small bath and a rather unusual moulded sink. There were plenty of toiletries etc. The toilet was in a separate small room which also housed the ironing board! We had only been in the room a few minutes when the maid appeared with some extra towels and toiletries and asked if everything was okay. We requested some extra pillows and these were brought straight away.There wasn't a lot of storage/hanging space but enough for us as we were only staing 2 nights. Tea. coffee and biscuits were provided and the milk was in the mini-bar.The hotel is a five minute walk from the nearest subway entrance and 10 minutes from London Bridge Station.We walked, or took taxis rather than used the underground and it was only a 10 minute walk to Blackfriars Bridge or twenty minutes along the South Bank to Waterloo Bridge and then another 10 minutes up to Covent Garden and the theatres. The walk was pleasant and I would reccomend a pizza restaurant called &quot;Gourmet&quot; on the South Bank near to the Oxo Tower. We considered the hotel to be well placed for getting to many sights/attractions. Also, there was a M&amp;S express store just round corner for wine/snacks etc.We only had breakfast in the hotel and whilst we didn't have to wait for a table, a queue had formed when we came out, particulary on Sunday morning and although the staff seemed to be working quite hard the clearing of tables etc was quite slow. The breakfast choice was fairly standard - eggs, bacon sausage etc plus cereals, toast, rolls,croissants, juices - the usual stuff. One complaint - the tea/coffe was not very hot - I noticed that pots of both were brought out and put on the side, and then put on tables as guests sat down - not freshly brewed.This was the only complaint with regard to the breakfast.We didn't use the bar or the restaurant at night.The room was very quiet at night and the king- size bed was fairly comfortable.We would stay in this hotel again for a short break but would find the room too cramped to stay for longer than this. I don't think this would be a problem if there were only 2 people in the room.	
Sep 9 2008 	Painful Experience....	I stayed at this hotel for a few weeks on a business trip to London. The facility was new at the time, perhaps less than a year old. The hotel was clean and new, with tasteful decor. The staff were all very young, and nearly all were foreign, typically French or Polish. For several, their command of English was poor. When they did not understand what you asked, they often simply nodded, or pretended they understood and then responded incorrectly to your request.The breakfast options were quite large, and you could have as much as you liked. Dinner choices were good, although not always available as they sometimes ran out of certain items, forcing you to re-order. The location was moderately convenient to the London financial district and is located close to London bridge and train station, on the south bank of the Thames. Parking is ample, but costly and the area is not the best, so do not leave any luggage or valuables in your vehicle. Although new, there were a number of mechanical problems with the room: The shower stall leaked water no matter how careful you were, due to a faulty seal on the door. When I called up about it, the response was &quot;All the doors are like that&quot; and the solution was to deliver more towels to my room, presumably for me to mop up the floor with. I was there in summer and the weather was routinely quite hot, but the air conditioning in my room was not working. Over the course of 2 weeks, no one was ever dispatched to repair it, despite numerous complaints. As I was staying there for a while, I needed to send some laundry out. It returned, missing about 50% of the items (socks, underwear, etc.). Upon speaking to the front desk manager, I was told there was no way to locate it and they would have to credit my bill for the loss. The fees charged for laundry are ridiculous, and the credit only forced me to have to go and buy replacements which were much more expensive than the originals. So much for service and convenience. Lastly, and perhaps most odd, was the lack of a top-sheet on the bed. All you get was a sheet on the mattress, and a down duvet, which was much too warm given the A/C problem. How very European! When I asked for a top-sheet to be put on the bed, an apparently confused and non-English speaking maid placed a sheet over top of the duvet. Upon discovering this one night, I had to re-make the bed myself, after which it became a daily battle of wills to see how it would be made when I returned each evening. I doubt the duvets are washed after each guest, hence my wish for something else between me and it. I thought the hotel was pricey for what it was, and the service and responsiveness were completely inadequate. You may wonder why I stayed past the first night? My firm has an arrangement with the chain and we are required to stay at this location. Otherwise I would have moved immediately.	
Sep 9 2008 	great hotel for the price!	We were initially worried about this hotel because we didn't have much information in advance. But the hotel was a great value for pricey London! The rooms were not huge, but big enough for 4, 2 adults and 2 kids, with a queen bed and a pull out double couch. They were very clean and the staff was helpful with directions to local places. We also had a tube stop (London Bridge) about 2 blocks away so getting everywhere was easy even though we weren't near some of the attractions. I would definitely recommend this hotel to people traveling with kids or in a group larger than 2 people.	
Aug 31 2008 	Dissapointing stay in London with accor .	We originally booked the Novotel Tower Bridge for a weekend , as we have stayed there before and enjoyed it , but due to incompetent original novotel booking staff , no room was available when we got there after a long journey at 21.15pm . So we were shunted to the City South sister hotel , which was quite a long way from most attractions and tube , OK location if you enjoy the South Bank experience of art etc , but not really for families with children. Car parking was £20.00 so we parked on a nearby street for free over a weekend , Staff were helpful on arrival , but room was quite poor ,constantly flooded bathroom due to blocked drains from bath and shower , lack of pillows on the bed , and broken tv channels .Wifi / ADSL use ,was extra £5.99 per hour ! (well overpriced in these modern times ) We paid for 3 adults and one child and only received 2 cups etc , for 4 persons in the room .Sofa bed was quite basic for child and extra adult .The room was well planned out though as you can sit in the bath and watch the tv or listen to your mp 3 player with the help of a speaker in the ceiling of bathroom Breakfast buffet was good value , with a good choice of quality food , hot and cold ,which will set you up for the day ahead Cost was £275 for 2 nights , there is better value / location if you shop around over a weekend for leisure use .Doubt i would stay there again and have lost a lot of confidence in the accor group which we have usually had good experiences with in the past .	
Aug 18 2008 	This was a very good find	We have just returned from a 2 night stay at this Novotel and have to say we were very impressed. Got a really good deal through the hotel website. Everyone was very helpful and friendly, the room was very clean and spacious (even with our son), beds comfortable and a hearty breakfast as well! Even the walls were thick enough not to hear anything from neighbouring rooms. We will definitely be staying again. At a price, in general, not much more than a Travelodge, this place blows its main competitors out of the water - far superior in every way! 4 mins from London Bridge or 6 mins across the river to Mansion House which is a pleasant walk and v. quiet station and easy to get into the main city attractions.	
Aug 4 2008 	Great choice for the South Bank	I have stayed at this hotel a number of times when I needed a &quot;budget&quot; location in London. It seems to be a fairly new hotel and it is certainly still very fresh and smart. The rooms are large enough and well enough equipped for an overnight stop and the parking out the back is excellent value at £12.50 for 24 hours. The hotel is within very easy walking distance of the Globe Theatre, the Tate Modern and the excellent Borough Market. This summer they are offering rooms for £89 inc. breakfast and tax - excellent value for this part of London and a very good location for business travellers or those interested in South Bank attractions. It is not particularly close to tube stations but London Bridge (the nearest) is about 10 minutes walk away. Not a luxury establishment by any means, but clean, well equipped and good value.	
Jul 24 2008 	Decent mid-range hotel	I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights when in London for business. For that purpose it has a perfect location, close to the City. There are also a few sights in the area such as Tate Modern, London Bridge and a few others. London Bridge tube station is not that far away from the hotel (a couple of minutes I would say).The hotel is a typical Novotel-hotel. The room I had was quite large with a comfortable bed. As in most of the Novotel's hotels there is also an extra fold-out bed in the sofa. I did not sleep on it but I have heard from colleagues who have that it is rather uncomfortable.There was a bathroom with a bathtub as well as a separate shower (both in the same room). That is huge plus for me. I like to sometimes soak in the bath at night but I usually want to just have a quick shower and I prefer to shower in separate shower. The tub was also strategically positioned making it possible to watch TV from it. As other reviewers already remarked the toilet is in a separate room from the shower and bath which is fine by me. I did however not like the fact that there was no sink by the toilet.There was wifi Internet in the room and it worked rather well. The room had all the other facilities that could be expected such as TV, mini-bar, ironing board, tea and coffee. The hotel also had a small gym which I actually used. Not very big but sufficient for my needs.The restaurant at the hotel was not very good. I (unfortunately) had to have dinner there the first night. I wouldn't say that the food was bad but it was not very good either. There are tons of better choices in London and the atmosphere in the restaurant just isn't very nice. The breakfast was ok but not as good as at the other hotels I stay at in London. I would have thought that it was ok if I stayed at a 3-star hotel but for a 4-star hotel it wasn't good enough.	
Jun 8 2008 	Location good and value for money	We booked the hotel as they offered a very good price for 3 adults in one room on their website. The hotel is behind the Financial Times building, public transport is great, the London Bridge station is 3 min walk or the Mansion house station is also 3 min walk (other side of the Thames crossing theSouthwark bridge ). We could watch even Saturday evening the Euro2008 game on the tv in the bar.The room was small (ok for us) ,clean, a double-bed and a sofabed, flatscreen TV, bathtube and shower in the bathroom and a separate WC. Iron, ironboard, hairdryer was available.I would recommend it. At the reception staff were very friendly.	
May 27 2008 	we recommend it !	We (2 adults, one child) stayed there for a weekend in May. The child got a really big sofa bed, we got one double. Check-in was friendly, rom was clean. Breakfast was included (some English breakfast, sausages, cheese, marmelade, toast,...) Sometimes the breakfast room was to full and the waitresses couldn't do the dishes as fast as it should be.If you go by tube take London Bridge Station. You have to go 5 minutes to the hotel.In 3 minutes you will be at river Thames, in 15-20 minutes at the London eye.In total: we paid 330 GBP for 3 nights, 3 persons, incl. breakfast and recommend the hotel.	
May 20 2008	Reasonable Accomodations	I was a little concerned about the remoteness of the hotel's location until we checked-in and discovered that it is only a 2 minute walk to the nearest Tube. Although not too many attractions are in this district, I did enjoy the feeling of being away from all the hustle &amp; bustle of tourists, etc. The area surrounding the hotel is a little gritty, but I felt safe walking around at night. There are some pubs and a tapas bar that seem to be thriving.PROS-Very close to Tube-Despite not having great food, breakfast is includedCONS-The room was incredibly small. We had a suite, and it was barely large enough to hold us and our luggage-The toilet is in a closet rather than in the bathroom-Room lacked any view, looked directly at a brick wall and window from building 20 feet away	
Apr 22 2008 	Nice hotel in a good location	This is a nice Novotel in a good location in Southwark rd. This is close to many transport links and there is lots in the area. Rooms are nice size in traditional Novotel fitout. Rooms are suprisingly big considering the location and spotlessly clean. The staff were extremely helpful and nice. One problem is that the hotel is extremely busy during the week with business &amp; function so you may have problems getting a late booking. The area surrounding the hotel gets pretty quiet in the evening but its generally safe enough. I will return again should i need a good reliaible central hotel.	
Mar 17 2008	Handy for the Chocolate Factory	This hotel is one of the newer Novotels. Located in Southwark, it's right across the road from the Menier Chocolate Factory (excellent fringe theatre) and very close to Tate Modern and The Globe. This is not the best-connected part of town to stay if you prefer the tube, although nearby London Bridge tube station is only a short walk away, with Northern line &amp; Jubilee line connections (so handy for events at The 02). The room was average size, with separate toilet and bathroom, desk and sofa. Tea, coffee, ironing board and basic minibar all provided. In reception there's a bar that seems to be open 24hrs.There was parking in a private car park behind the hotel (£16/24hrs), accessed from Thrale St. Breakfast buffet was OK - nothing special. Next time I'd rather visit nearby Borough Market and fill up on some amazing fresh food from one of the many stalls.	
Mar 2 2008 	Nice hotel	Stayed at this hotel for 2 nights, we had a lovely quiet room at the end of a corridor, the bed was a lovely size, &amp; nice plasma screen tv. The one thing we found bizarre was that the bathroom doors opened up by the side of the bed, good sized shower and bath. However the toilet was by the entry door. It had no basin so you had to go back into the bathroom to wash your hands - not very hygenic.The breakfast was good, although the staff did not appear to be able to cope with the guests and clearing tables at the same time. There was a queue to be seated the mornings we were there. We had an evening meal and the food was excellent.This hotel was centrally located for the London Bridge Experience and the London Dungeons, it was also convenient for the river and tube station.	
Jan 25 2008 	nice hotel  good location	Our family spent a week in this hotel.The staff is friendly and helpful, the room was big ( we had an apartment for us and our two sons ) and clean . It was our base in exploring this wonderful city – London.Nice surroundings : we liked the old bark market and other places less known for tourists .	
Jan 18 2008 	Definitely be back	We stayed at Novotel London City South for 3 nights and I really recommend it: great staff, excellent rooms (we booked a superior room without sofa, but they gave us one with sofa!), wide veriety of food in buffet breakfast (Continental/English). We got a promotion so the relation quality/price was very very high. Modern and clean rooms, good bed and pillow, they have a safety box, for free, and they offer you tea and biscuits.The hotel is located only 5-7 min from London Bridge Undergroung Station in a good zone, not too busy bur not too isolated, with pubs and only a few minutes of Borough Market (must visit!). The hotel is near Tate Modern, Shakespear's Globe Theatre and Southwark Cathedral.By underground and taking the Jubilee Line is only 3 stops from Westminster. If you want to go to Heathrow using the Underground take the Jubilee Line to Green Park and then the Piccadilly Line to Heathrow Terminals 1,2,3(to terminal 4, pay attention at Green Park Station, it is a different train, in the same line), the journey is about 1hour. But if you want comfort and don't mind to pay ,the hotel has a service that picks you there and let you in Heathrow (about 22£ pp).And if you want to keep fit you can only go on foot through Thames Path(1 hour to Westminster) and enjoy the view, specially at night - there are many people in the street so don't be afraid, except if it is too late. We made our journey from Piccadilly Circus and we spent almost 2 hours walking, at 6 p.m.We were very satisfied with the hotel and services and definitely come back .	
Jan 5 2008 	Brilliant reception staff shame about the catering service	We stayed at this hotel for a short family break in London. We booked through Superbreak and got it at a good price.First impressions were good, the Reception staff were excellent, very welcoming and professional. The room was of a reasonable size for four of us, but the quality of some of the furnishings was disappointing for a four-star hotel - bobbly cushions and a nasty nylon blanket on the sofa bed for the children.The room was very hot, the fans did not make any appreciable difference other than to make a noise and in the end I resorted to opening the window - it was nice to hear the chimes from Saint Pauls but not necessarily what I wanted at 3 in the morning!Breakfast was a bit of a free for all, plates were in short supply as was patience from the staff who seemed overstretched in trying to keep up with the demand despite a long breakfast period.As we were short of time on the second day we ordered a room service meal - this was a bit of a disaster, one of the offerings barely edible.The receptionists came into their own again on our final morning as one of our children was quite ill, and they provided water and much needed polythene bags (!) for our long journey home.	
Dec 3 2007 	Very Good for the tube	Very good hotel. Lovely &amp; clean Staff great was on hand to help when needed. Had breakfast in bed which i suggest everyone does It was delivered at the time we requested. Had a meal in the hotel on the Friday night &amp; was over whelmed by the good price &amp; the amount that was on plate. Was expecting the amount that a mouse would eat but was very good value for money.5 mins walk for the tube where you can travel all over London.Would definately use this Hotel again or any other Novotels in the UK.	
Nov 28 2007 	Good location. Nice staff	I have stayed at this hotel on a number of ocassions. The rooms are nice and big and clean. The staff are helpful and friendly.Car parking is easily available for £13 (bargain in London).Its in a decent location and is walking distcance to just about everything.	
Nov 27 2007 	The best London hotel Ive stayed at so far and the cheapest!	Hi everyone,We have visited London a few times and I have reviewed two of the hotels we have previously stayed in. As a rule our stays have been in tiny rooms but the Novotel rooms are generous. I have to agree the wash basin situated in another room to the toilet is strange but as far as there been any thing at fault with the hotel that is it. The rooms have an iron &amp; board, hair dryer, T.V, private shower &amp; bath, good heating &amp; mini bar. The mini bar has got one soft, beer, wine &amp; water in plus a few others. We did not eat in the hotel but we heard good things. The bar did close at 12pm but food was avaliable to order in your room. One thing that was a bonus about this hotel is at around £80 per night (which is cheap for London) we were quite central, its a few minutes to the tube, London/millenium bridge and there are a number of good pubs to have a night cap after a long day looking round the sites. The staff were brilliant, each and everyone of them were polite and a few of the reception staff went well out of their way to make sure we had a good stay. In all I can recommend this hotel to you and we will be back for sure.Thanks.	
Nov 20 2007 	Incredible Value in London	I was travelling alone on the way back from meetings in Europe. I spent two days at this hotel, choosing it based on brand (Sofitel/Novotel is excellent across Europe), and location close to tourist sites and the train station. I took a cab from Waterloo Station and then had to laugh at myself since it was literally a couple of blocks away. Subsequently I walked back and forth to the tube a couple of times a day in about two minutes! Don't waste money on a cab!Conveniently located on the south shore of the Thames right by the Millenium Bridge, Shakespeare's Globe Theatre, and an easy walk to the Tower and Tower Bridge. A couple of minutes to the tube station and you can anywhere in just a few short minutes. The front desk staff were very friendly and efficient, handling my check-in quickly and treating me as if I was an old friend returning to town. My room was large for London, with very modern furnishings. The bed was very comfortable with nice linens. TV worked great. Nice view from the window. Didn't eat at the hotel as there were too many great places nearby. If you stay here you absolutely must enjoy a drink or some fish and chips at &quot;The Anchor&quot; pub just a few blocks away. It's been around since the 1600's. Very cool. Also, there is a really good chicken restaurant (a little pricey) across the street from the Anchor, under an arch of the old bridge. I paid about $75 USD on Priceline. The room generally sells for a lot more, but even at rack rate this is an excellent value for London. I will absolutely stay here again when I am back in London next year!	
Oct 13 2007	strictly business	The staff service is very good and the rooms are kept quite clean, so the basics are well covered, but the split bathroom is a truly horrid feature (leaving one to run around the furniture to wash hands after using the toilet) and the hotel often takes a very old-fashioned attitude toward its clients - It's one of the very few hotels I've stayed in the past couple years without an extension line to hang clothes in the bathroom, which is kinda necessary given it charges £3 to wash a pair of underwear. And that's just the beginning of the gouging: £2.50 a minute to call a local mobile number (!), maybe £10 if you want to watch anything beyond the basic handful of 'free' TV channels (ie, no HBO or anything of the sort). At least there's an iron and board in the room.	
Sep 23 2007 	Excellent all round	The Novotel London City (South) is quite a find. We needed two rooms for a night before taking the early Eurostar train and a suite at the Novotel was an absolute bargain, especially given this was London.Friendly staff, clean room, reasonable selection of food at good prices available in the bar - far better than the tourist traps along the river by the Globe Theatre.5 minutes by taxi the next morning to Waterloo, so in essence we couldn't have asked for anything more.	
Aug 3 2007 	Great Location - will stay there again	Good Location very close to london Bridge Station.The room was quite small but adequate and well presented. However a bit strange that the toilet and bathroom were seperate and you had to walk through the room to wash your hands.The bed was very comfortable.Only 5 minutes away by taxi to waterloo.	
Jul 5 2007 	Would not Visit Again	Stayed here for 2 Nights (Friday and Saturday).A good location for the Southbank attractions ie London Eye,Tate Modern and Royal Festival Hall.The rooms were like a Sauna with an inefficient air cooling system and you needed to enjoy scrambled egg as this was the only choise of eggs at breakfast.The queue for breakfast was an unacceptable ,20 minutes on both mornings.Liked the security for the lift and Leisure room.The Bar was expensive £3.95 for a pint of CarlingTaxi to the London Palladium £17 each way,car parking for 2 nights £16Staff helpful.	
Jul 2 2007	Great Hotel	Stayed at this hotel in June for 2 nights one weekend. I couldnt fault the hotel - it was very close to 2 tube stations. The hopper bus also pulled up outside the hotel from Covent Garden every 10 minutes.Breakfasts were great - we had them in our room for both days which didnt cost any more.All in all I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone - especially if you want to go to Leicester Sq/Covent Garden.	
Jun 24 2007	Food 	Rooms are clean, practical and average size for London.Food is very tasty and good value for money.Gym is limited and guests are asked not to use some of the machines after 9.00pm.Good location and short walk to London Bridge.I like staying here - its laid back and chilled out but I would warn folk looking for entertainment near by is very limited!	
May 31 2007	Budget style hotel with 4 star ammenaties	I stayed here for two nights at the end of may 2007. I believe all rooms are nearly identical. The one I had was adequate for my stay and a good size for a london hotel, I have no real complaints. However,t he bed was big but not especially comfy. The pillows fairly soft and the duvet very average. It wasn't the soft style duvet/pillow being rolled out in some other hotel chains that give you a much more confortible stay. What surprised me is that although this hotel is four star all the fixtures and fittings are budget,pre-fabricated style. Personally I think Travel Lodge and the like do a better job of this than this hotel. My biggest issue with the room was the double doors to the bathroom area being about one foot away from the side of the bed. It felt like the bed was almost pushed right up to them but there is no way to move anything around. The swing out desk though was very clever and usefull and the LCD TV good quality and positioned so you can watch if from the bath. A nice touch was the bathroom speaker so you could hear it too....To sum this up I would say if you want an adequate, clean hotel with a good sauna in a good location for central london ( although not ideal tourist location) and don't mind budget finishes then this place is great. I would say the only reason it's four star though is because of the foyer, with bar, concierge and the like.	
May 17 2007 	This is a good hotel	Stayed for one night (a Sunday) on business. The hotel is clean, modern and the rooms are well appointed in the usual Novotel manner.The staff were very polite, efficient and welcoming although it was quiet so this may have had an impact. There is also a very acceptable bar area and the breakfast buffet was substantially above average.I've just taken on an on-going role that involves staying &quot;south of the river&quot; for occasional nights over the next year or so, and will actively seek to ensure that the company's travel team book me in here again.	
May 11 2007 	Good stay in London	Had a one-night business trip to London with two collegues. The rooms were modern, clean and enjoyable to stay-in. The breakfast was very good. Bar area is very open plan and service was fine. I'd happily stay again.I also liked the fact that you have to swipe your room key on the lift to gain access to bedroom areas.For london this was a fairly quiet hotel.	
May 2 2007 	Good accomodation and efficient staff	A good Novotel accomodation. I've been in London with my family for a few days and I've been happy to stay here. The room was new (or newly renovated) in the essential style of all the Novotels.The staff was willing to help and very efficient.I will probably book this hotel for a future stay in London.	
Apr 17 2007 	The Definition of a Reasonable Place	We stayed one night in this hotel , as we had a long!!!! layover in London. We wanted a reasonably priced hotel relatively near some sites we might enjoy. We got exactly that.Friendly staff greet you, although some of their advice contradicted each other. For example one told us we needed to call a taxi as not many go by , but when we went to do that another desk person said just go out and hail one, they are there all the time. He was right , at least when we need a taxi.Also, the morning desk staff was unaware that the Globe Theater was literally 2 minutes away and could not give directions. He was very friendly trying to do that though. And no matter, I found it just by walking the River , which was the best feature of this hotel. It is very close to a very pleasant Riverbank walk, very near the Tate Modern and a bridge away from St Paul's. I enjoyed my morning stroll!!The room was Ikea Modern. Pleasant to look at, pretty comfortable. I requested nonsmoking, and the room itself certainly was. I am not sure the whole floor was non smoking though, or someone was breaking the rules! I smelled smoke in hallways. However, I am very sensitive to smoke, and the lobby and bar on the first floor were smoking and I may have been reacting to going through them. The toilet was seperate from the shower and sink. I like a sink in a little closer proximity to the toilet, but ...the shower was great!It was hot in the room and the air conditioning did not seem to do anything, so I slept with windows open, which was a little noisy, but much nicer than a hot room.Internet access in lobby was coin driven, and seemed reasonable to me. We ate in a couple cafes on the above mentioned Riverbank walk.I enjoyed this hotel and its location and value.	
Mar 17 2007 	Plush hotel shame about the air con	I booked this hotel through my company travel agent as I was working just across the road from where the hotel is located. Initial impressions were good. The staff are very friendly and do whatever they can to help. The main reception was welcoming.I was given a room on the 5th floor which was superb in every respect bar one...even in March when temperatures are not that high, the room was too warm and the air con wasn't much use - in the summer this would be unbearable, as opening the window proved noisy. I think that if they did something with the air conditioning, this hotel would rate as one of the best in London, for the money paid anyway. The room itself is well decorated and ultra modern with nice tv and some useful technology. It's a pity some hotel chains don't follow the lead of Radisson and offer free wi-fi in all rooms. The again you can't have everything.Overall, an excellent hotel which is very well maintained. Just a shame about the rooms being greenhouse like in heat terms.	
Mar 11 2007 	Convenient location and very functional	I was very lucky to be able to book this hotel at last minute. It was conveniently located and great connection from Gatwick ariport. There are several great restaurants within a few minutes walk, and convenient to the subway station. The room was very functional and clean. Although it was located in the city, the room was very quiet and I was able to get good night sleep. I will certainly use this hotel again.	
Feb 20 2007	Excellent hotel	Just stayed in the hotel for one night. Stayed due to it's closeness to the Oxo Tower restaurant and it was a lovely riverside walk to the restaurantTotally recommend the hotel for any length of stay. The rooms are exactly as picture. Stylish bathroom with shower cubicle and bath tub with hidden taps so you can both bathe!! Seperate toilet which is a lovely touch. Nice flat screen telly and all the mod cons, internet access, plug for MP3 player so you listen through telly. Bed lovely and huge, duvet instead of blankets which again is lovely touchOnly complaint was it was too hot and air con didn't do much good, otherwise fantastic	
Feb 6 2007	Great Staff - good size rooms	We stayed 4nights in Dec.The staff at this hotel are amazing especially reception who went out of their way to answer &amp; assist us with every question we had for them. From helping us with tours, to writing directions, to organising cabs the list goes on. Good size room with a beautiful shower. We had one or two complaints one was the fridge as it was warm we did complain about it but were advised this is normal in London (but other hotels in the UK that we visited proved this is not so as all other fridges were lovely &amp; cold) &amp; two no clock which appears to be the norm for UK/Europe. Only a 5min walk to London Bridge tube a couple of small comvenience stores same distance &amp; a couple of pubs .Fair step to most of the attractions especially in the cold of winter. Take the tube. On our way back into London after visiting Scotland we stayed in the Kensington/Earls Court &amp; would have to say that this is a far better area than Southwark in terms of eateries, shops etc. Although the Market near the hotel I think Borough is the name was excellent &amp; you could find all the food you wished there but it did close early. Breakfast was included in our rate &amp; was an excellent way to start the day. The bar/bistro was also a great place to relax after a days outing &amp; the meals were of a good standard. The one thing we had a chuckle over was there among the rates for the rooms was a rate for your dog again this appears to be normal for London as saw one on a bus &amp; not a seeing eye dog either.	
Jan 18 2007	Clean comfortable and neat location	I choose this hotel because this was my first trip to London and I wasn't sure how easy it would be to get around London. I wanted a location that was in walking distance of some of London's attractions. This hotel did not disappoint. St. Paul's Cathedral is about 10 minutes walk, the Tower Bridge is about 15 minutes walk, and the Tower of London is right next to the Tower Bridge...so about 20 minutes. Additionally, the nearest tube station (London Bridge Station) is about 5 minutes walk.The hotel itself was very clean. The rooms were comfortable and had a very modern style to them. I wouldn't call the rooms small....just not as big as what I would expect in the US.Overall a good hotel and I'd have no problems reccommending it.	
Jan 11 2007 	nice clean room	We just had one night in London, and we stayed here because we needed somewhere to park the car. Parking was right out the back. It was our first time to London and we found that it was quite far from all the touristy sites.. but it was a nice walk over the Southwark Bridge (pronouced sa-vark) being Aussie its was strange but made as laugh everytime we walked over it..The room (standard room) was a little small but pleasant, we were next to the gym unfortunately and when we first arrived all we could hear was buzzing and thumping through the wall of the gym.The bed was huge, u could fit at least 5 people side by side in it. Bathroom is new and clean and the shower pressure is perfect.We liked the hotel, staff are friendly but next time we might try something over the Thames..	
Dec 30 2006	Location	Stayed in this hotel for a weekend in London and was pleasantly surprised by the quality for what we had paid. The room was admittantly small (as is normal in London) but it was clean with bright decorations. The bathroom had both a bath and walk in shower - the only odd thing is the toilet being in a seperate room as everybody else mentions. But definitely didn't ruin our stay, can surely put up with that for a few days! The reception was big and bright and hotel staff appeared friendly enough although we didn't ask for much help. The hotel is in a convenient location you can walk into picadillys, oxford street etc but at night got a taxi as too cold which only cost a few quid, cant really grumble. Overall, would definitely stay here again, this hotel is a nice place to stay for exploring all that London has to offer- what a great city!!!	
Dec 20 2006 	Nice Hotel!	Stayed here with my husband on a weekend break to London. We got a good rate (i think we paid £130 p/n) which we thought was very good value for London and were very pleased with the Hotel.The Rooms were modern, clean and spacious. We had a double queen sized bed and sofa in the main living area and the bathroom was very modern and clean with separate shower and bath.The hotel is located near to Waterloo tube station and was also a 3-5 minute walk to the Thames which is lined with Bars and Restaurants. At night it was a lovely stroll back to the Hotel along the river as the city was lit up. The Hotel is also in walking distance of St Pauls Cathedral and the Tate Gallery. London is such a vast city that nowhere is really central and you can guarantee that at some stage of your trip you will need to use the tube/other transport to see the whole city. We found this hotel to be a good base and were impressed with it. We go to London regulaly for short breaks and would return to this hotel again.	
Oct 17 2006 	Second stay and again very good experience	This was my second stay in the Novotel Southwark, again everything was fine, rooms were clean and spacious, staff is dedicated to their customers, the City is in walking distance and the infrastructure is fine, I find this hotel good for pleasure and business and it is not spoiled like many tourist hotel in London.	
Oct 15 2006 	Great Hotel !!! Recommended	My boyfriend and I only stayed at this hotel for 1 night, and we didn't even arrive until 9.30 pm !!! Staff were very friendly, room was perfect, only a 'standard' room but one of the best 'standard rooms' I've ever seen! Then after a quick shower and quick bite to eat in bar (coupled with a couple of bears!) - they were still serving food at 10.30 !!! - we then went out and came back at 3.30am and all was fine, the guy on reception was friendly. One of the other best things about this hotel is the late check out time, we were obviously knackered after staying out late, so woke up late, had late breakfast and left hotel at mid-day ! Would definately recommend it. !	
Oct 6 2006 	Great service from the duty manager	Great hotel, well situated near the South Bank and convenient for the Globe Theatre, Tate Modern, Clink Prison Museum, London Dungeon, Boat Trips, the South Bank Centre etc. Very clean and well maintained. Good breakfast (great sausages!).	
Aug 15 2006 	Novotel South Bank is great	Excellent hotel/location. Our family with 2 teens stayed in one spotless room 4 nights in August and were quite happy. First, it's around the corner from the 250-year-old open Borough market that's perhaps Europe's finest organic market. (Fri-Sat). Great. To boot, Monmouth Coffee there serves espressos for 80p - unheard of! Second, it's a short walk to The Globe Theatre, the Tate Modern, and other cool river-side haunts. This made it a quick walk home at 3am after a midnight performance! Third, a short walk to London Bridge station (very good connections), and only 1/2 hour walk to many other spots (e.g., covent gardens, british museum, etc.). South bank is london's up and coming cultural area, so it's a great play unless you want to walk through a park early in the a.m. or stay near Queen Elizabeth's tomb. The hotel itself is spotless and has 'just so' features - everything works/fits - after all, it's Swiss, though you wouldn't know it is (or that you're in britain) from the friendly front desk folks. Net access is pricy in room, but cheap per minute in lobby. breakfast is outrageously expensive there, but lots of street options near london bridge.	
Jun 16 2006	Great Hotel - Great Location	We recently spent three days at this great hotel. We were a party of four adults and two young children (aged one and three).Consisting of grandparents from England and family with young children from the USA. Everything we had asked for was provided including adjoining rooms, baby cot, high chair etc. We had a three night week-end break and considered this good value ( breakfast was included in the price of £99.00 per room per night and the children ate free - there was plenty of choice catering for all tastes. It is in a great location - just minutes from the River Thames - a short boat trip from the Tower of London and Tower Bridge. Also near an excellent market with interesting produce, museums and other riverside attractions. Hotel was very clean and the staff extremely friendly and helpful. The small children's play area with lego etc. is great to keep the children amused whilst the adults finish their breakfast. We were able to pre-book our tickets for the Tower of London at the Hotel - a bonus as it saved time when we arrived at The Tower.The area is safe and the security in the hotel is excellent. To sum up I would thoroughly recommend this hotel and would certainly stay here again on a future visit to London.	
Apr 23 2006	Good rooms skip the restaurant	One night stay in a triple room (queen bed plus sleeper sofa) for 109 GBP including breakfast. Room was quiet and clean and beds were comfortable. By London standards, not a bad price. City of London and south bank attractions are within easy walking distance. Nearest Underground station (Southwark) is 5-7 minute walk, and Waterloo Station was a 5 GBP cab ride distant. Were exhausted after an afternoon of exploring and tried dinner at the hotel restaurant. We should have heeded the warning sign of only a few people eating there. Food was overcooked, the steak was tasteless and everything was way overpriced (about $110 for a shoe leather steak, an overcooked seafood platter, a kids cheesburger plate and a bottle of wine). Service was okay, but for less money, you could have done better at any number of restaurants just around the south corner of the hotel. Hotel breakfast was okay, so consider staying there, but don't bother with lunch or dinner.	
Apr 18 2006 	Good quality business hotel	I stayed in the Novotel City South 2 times in December whilst working weekends in London.It is basically a very nice, well run hotel, which caters for business travellers very well. I found that the hotel was well run, everything was really efficient and the food was pretty good for a hotel chain. Definitely worth a stay especially if you are a business traveller. If you want lots of character try elsewhere.	
Mar 21 2006	Standard Chain Hotel	Nice hotel although nothing spectacular. Much the same as any other large chain hotel.	
Mar 6 2006	great hotel	Have just come back from a weekend break at this hotel. More expensive than our usual accomodation, but well worth it. Staff very helpful and friendly, rooms excellent( perhaps a little stingy with the towels), breakfast really did set you up for the day. Within easy walking distance of major attractions (London Eye, Tower Bridge, Tate Modern). Would definitely stay there again.	
Feb 27 2006	A good location in central London and great value for money	This was the second time that we'd stayed in the area, last time we stayed at the equally good Southwark Rose hotel next door, however the Novotel B&amp;B weekend package of £89 a night was better value.Good location, very close to London Bridge or Southwark tube station.We were welcomed to the hotel by friendly reception staff and check-in was very quick. Our room was on the 6th floor which was nice and quiet and was a good size with a comfy bed. The bathroom was of better quality than some that I've seen in significantly more expensive hotels, with a fantastic walk-in power-shower, a good deep bath with an additional hand-held shower, a large sink and a full-length mirror. All very nice. As mentioned by a previous reviewer, the toilet is separate from the main bathroom and does not include a sink which is a little strange but nothing major.The breakfast was good, not the best I've had in a hotel, but definitely not the worst and was great value as included in the rate. Hot buffet: Sausages, bacon, hash browns, scrambled eggs, mushrooms, tomatoes, and baked beans. Cold buffet: toast, rolls, mini pastries (about 4 varieties), yoghurt, cereals, fruit, cheese, and 3 kinds of fruit juices. There was always plenty of each item left, despite breakfast being served until 11.30am. The hotel bar is really nice, though quiet most of the time and there is an internet cafe and games console in the foyer although I'm not sure how much these cost.Check-out is a leisurely 12pm and on Sunday’s you can check-out at 5pm for no additional cost. All in all, a very pleasant stay. Would definitely stay here again, especially at the current internet rates.	
Feb 22 2006	Really great hotel	What you see on pictures is what you get. A bright room with a very comfortable bed. The breakfast is amazing : fresh fruits, fresh fruit juices, pastries, eggs, beans, sausages,...The staff is very friendly: they gave me a room before the official checking and an adaptator plug (I forgot mine).The area is very calm. The hotel is close to the tate modern, to restaurants (wagamama, nando, the anchor..) along the thames, to the borough market.Five minutes walking to the london brigde station (choose the high borough street/southwark exit)	
Feb 10 2006	ok novetel	Stayed here in jan , rooms were ok but a bit on the small size .we asked for a family room as our daughter was staying with us,and their was just enought room to pull out the sofa.good location though.The hotel is a four star and gave a exellent rate.Would stay here again but not with family in the same room.Have stayed in better in london and a hell of a lot worse!	
Feb 9 2006	Great Hotel	Just had a two night break at this hotel. Very comfortable room that was bright and very clean. Very well designed bathroom and great shower. As mentioned in other reviews the bed was really comfortable. Always a bonus! Tea/coffee biscuits, iron and ironing board all very well incorporated in the well designed room.Our deal included a cooked breakfast. All the usual things. A big choice of cereals, fruit pastries etc. Kept us going all day!Very friendly staff. A real gem of a place tucked beside Southwark Bridge.If you arrive via London Bridge Station you would be best (if walking) to exit via the underground entrance.	
Jan 24 2006	Excellent Hotel	Despite glowing reviews on here, we were still pleasantly surprised. I can't praise the hotel highly enough. The rooms were of a reasonable size, bright, airy, functional and very clean. The staff couldn't have been more attentive and friendly and would not have been out of place in any 5 star hotel. Breakfast was a pleasant relaxed affair with Continental or Full English on offer. The beds were superb and the hotel was situated in a very quiet area, so a great night's sleep was guaranteed. My compliments to Novotel, we will definitely be back.	
Sep 20 2005 	A really nice hotel	I've just had 2 weeks at the Novotel London City South, and I can recommend it whole-heartedly.I found the staff to be very friendly and polite, the rooms were modern, clean, well designed and spacious. The bathroom was particularly nice, with some quite expensive looking touches, and the shower was nice and powerful. The bed was very large and very comfortable. The room temperature was fine, and was very quiet. Facilities in the room were everything I would expect, and the iron/ironing board was particularly handy. In my first week's stay I even had a view of the city from the 5th floor, which was nice.I ordered a continental breakfast in my room each day, by leaving a note on my door the night before. This arrived on time each morning, and was of a good standard. The only (very) minor gripe I have, is that the newspaper which I had ordered didnt arrive the first two mornings of my second week - but as they gave me a (different) paper with my breakfast, that didnt really matter.The best thing of all about this hotel was the location. Surely the South Bank is the most pleasant part of London, with the picturesque riverside walk being a real joy. St Pauls Cathedral, the London Eye, the wobbly bridge are all within easy walking distance, but best of all, only 2 minutes away is Shakespeare's Globe Theatre. Anyone who has the time to spare MUST see a play there, paying £5 to stand in the yard - it's fantastic!	
Aug 15 2005	Very Nice Family Friendly Hotel	Used this website to pick a hotel for the end of a recent family vacation in the United Kingdom. It was a great finish to our vacation. Booked the hotel over the phone with the hotel directly ... got a very good rate for the weekend which included tax and breakfast. A bit more expensive for the 1 weekday of our stay (we were there for 4 nights).Breakfast was very good ... full english plus many other options. Kids are free.Room was small, but did not feel too small. Split of toilet and the shower/bath was a good idea, especially for a family. Provided 1 queen bed and 1 pull-out sofa bed, which was fine for our family (2 adults, 2 children under 5). Room had A/C, but was not really needed when we were in London. Overall a good room layout.Staff was very friendly and helpful. No problems. Minor problem with the information provided on a taxi to Gatwick when we left ... rate was not fixed as I was led to believe, but negogiated a fixed rate with the driver no problem before we left.Location was ok ... safe and close to London Bridge subway station. Also a few minutes from the Thames riverside walk. Also close to the George Pub, which is a nice National Trust property.	
Aug 14 2005	Good with one niggle		
Jul 8 2005	Leaky shower!		
Jun 12 2005	Excellent friendly hotel		
Jun 1 2005 	excellent value for money		
Apr 18 2005	big city gem		
Apr 14 2005	awesome hotel		
Sep 3 2004 	WOW! Such a great hotel for such a great price!!		
Aug 23 2004	Great Location Great Family Hotel		
Aug 18 2004	A great place		
Aug 6 2004	A Great Hotel		
Aug 6 2004	Durchschnittliches Hotel		
Nov 17 2009 	Bonne adresse...		
Nov 12 2009 	OK		
Oct 17 2009 	a conseiller		
Oct 5 2009 	Bonne adresse		
Jul 31 2009 	excellent hôtel où nous reviendrons		
Jul 6 2009 	Ideale per famiglie		
May 7 2009 	Muy bueno comodo		
Mar 19 2009 	pas cher pour les familles venant du continent		
Oct 22 2008 	???????????????		
Aug 17 2008 	excellent hôtel londonien		
May 2 2008 	Très bon hotel très bien situé		
May 1 2008 	Críticas excelentes		
Nov 9 2007 	Novtel Récent de qualité		
Sep 20 2007 	Hotel ottimo !!!		
