	Hotel 41	This hotel has a prime location right across from Buckingham Palace in the heart of London. It is a short walk to Green Park and Victoria Station. The service is most accomodating, though the prices can be a little steep, if you're travelling on a budget. Probably ideal for couples or small groups of friends	
	Impeccible service lavish settings and perfect location. A+	I had the pleasure of staying here with my girlfriend during a weekend away in London for our anniversary, I cannot recommend it highly enough. We arrived late (after 11pm) on the friday night due to our flight being delayed and on arrival were greeted by the manager (Andrew) who had a very warm welcome and greeted us by name. The hotel itself is actually the 5th floor of reubens hotel which means that in order to gain entry after hours (without a room key) one must go through the reception of the adjoining hotel. The check-in was fast, efficient and friendly. We had booked a king-size room which in hindsight was a good idea as even the king size room was smaller than we had expected however the finishing touches were amazing. There were hot water bottles in the bed (sounds silly but on a cold london night in November was a welcome surprise!) and a small cake with &quot;Happy Anniversary&quot; on the icing waiting in the room. The detailing in the room was brilliant everything was just that little bit better than you would have expected (even from other 5 star hotels), the toiliteries were in dainty bottles with ornate screw tops, there were toothbrush and toothpaste sets of good quality design, shaving sets with an excellent razor (gold and wooden finish!) and ample towles, dressing gowns (one cloth/cotton one and one lounge one per guest). The mini-bar was well stocked if a little pricey- 5 pounds sterling for a portion of cashew nuts and 5pounds for a bottle of becks alcoholic beer. The entertainment provided in-room was fantastic with movies that are literally just out of the cinema available on-demand. Free wifi, tv-internet and ethernet, and guest services such as wake up calls etc were of course available.From the moment of our arrival the staff were exemplary- an absolute credit to the hotel. We decided the day before our arrival that we would like to take in a show in the westend- the &quot;Wicked&quot; performance- and as it was sold out from every online source i could find I rang the hotel to see if they could arrange tickets for us. They did, not only did they find tickets to a sold out show they got us tickets four rows from the front, centre-stage! (the show is fantastic and anyone getting the opportunity should try to catch it). Similarly they recommended an Italian restaurant near the Apollo (at my request) and organised a reservation for a time after the show finished (10:45) even though the restaurant usually didn't take reservations after ten thirty!In summary, the hotel itself was lavishly decorated with a modern black and white theme, the staff were amazingly professional and accomodating and the location of the hotel is perfect (2 minutes walk from Victoria tube station).The only drawbacks (if you can call them that) is that the room was smaller than one would have expected and that if you arrive late in the evening then to gain entry you must go in through the adjoining Reubens 4star hotel.	
	Best hotel I've ever stayed at	Hotel 41 has elegance and charm without the stuffy upper class attitude. We were greeted by name throughout the hotel which added a nice personal touch. We spent the last night of our honeymoon here and were upgraded to a suite complete with a fresh bowl of fruit and a special dessert. The room was amazing - spacious, luxurious, and comfortable. It had a fireplace, two tvs and was equipped with surround sound. The shower had incredible pressure, and the robes/slippers were nice amenities. If you can afford it, do it!!	
Nov 25 2009 	Good Service but not great location	Unless you are planning to visit the Queen, the location is not so great. The service at the hotel is very good, but the rooms are quite small and the air-conditioning is very noisy.I definitely found it overrated.	
Nov 24 2009 	This must be the best place to stay in London	The service on arrival set the tone for the whole of our stay. The staff were friendly, welcoming without being falsely so, everything about the hotel makes you feel so relaxed. Dinner in The Library was excellent. Recommendations for eating &quot;out&quot; were also well thought out, and were always followed up by an enquiry as to whether we'd enjoyed it. We used to think it wasn't possible to get this level of service in UK, but this would rival Dubai and the Far East. Excellent.	
Nov 21 2009 	Upgraded to No. 41	My original booking was with 41's sister hotel (within the same building) the Rubens, however on arrival I was advised we'd been upgraded to their 5* property on the 5th floor.We were escorted to the 5th floor and to the Executive Lounge, where we were given champagne while we checked in. Our room was ready ahead of check-in time (at around 1.15pm) and we were escorted to our room, after having received a guide around the facilities in the executive lounge (honesty bar, free fruit juices and snacks) and where breakfast would be served.Room, although narrow once the king bed was split into twins, was nicely appointed with more than we needed for our one night stay!Turn down service nice - scented candle to fragrance the room, slippers, choccie on the pillow, tomorrow's weather forecast etc.Staff in the lounge were extremely attentive and pleasant.Overall a very nice experience indeed!	
Nov 17 2009 	Incredible service!!	We recently stayed at Hotel 41 for my husband's birthday after reading such excellent reviews on Tripadvisor. The location is a stone's throw away from Victoria Station which is a perfect base for exploring London. What makes the hotel so special is the service, which is incredible. Right from check in and throughout the whole of our stay we were made to feel so welcome. All the staff take the trouble to remember your name and nothing is too much trouble. The whole experience was very relaxing. My only quibble is the size of some of the rooms. I chose a boutique hotel because I wanted something more intimate but was surprised at how tiny our room was; it was beautifully decorated but felt extremely cluttered and I did feel a little let down given the exorbitant room rate. Nevertheless if you want a fantastic hotel for a special occasion I would highly recommend Hotel 41.	
Nov 16 2009 	Hotel 41 -- Great location good rooms and good service. Recommended.	Summary: My wife and I stayed at the Hotel 41 in May 2009, as part of a business trip. The rooms were somewhat small, but well appointed. The location of the hotel is great, a short walk to Buckingham Place and Big Ben.Pros: Good location, good service and well-appointed rooms. Tea in the library is also a must.Cons: Smallish rooms (this is Europe) and price.The hotel is small, and located on the second floor a building just a few blocks from Buckingham Palace. The check-in is accomplished in the Library, which is a large room, with a small bar, where they serve breakfast and afternoon tea. I highly recommend taking a late afternoon tea here, especially after a long day of walking and seeing the sites.	
Nov 8 2009 	super service	We recently stayed at hotel 41 for one night. From the moment you arrive you are very well looked after by friendly, efficient staff. The rooms are decorated to a very high standard and are very clean and tidy. We decided to take our breakfast in our room and I can not recommend this too highly. It arrived bang on time and was piping hot. The staff are very helpful and pleasant (this makes a nice change from some other 5* london hotels) and are a credit to the hotel.Lovely stuff.	
Nov 7 2009 	Little Gem	I visited this hotel with my 17 year old daughter on October 2009. I stayed for one night before travelling on to my main holiday and then returned for a few days before returning home.I initially walked past the front door as it is extremely unassuming but it is right next door to Reubens Hotel. Once we walked through the door the service began. The staff were friendly and extremely helpful and the whole experience was 1st class. Andrew, the Manager was polite and very helpful and nothing was too much trouble. Everything you could wish for is provided in this hotel from free internet access to an honestly bar were you write down the drinks you take in the library and are trusted to do so. In the evening there is a Butler's Pantry which has an assortment of food for the guests to eat (free of charge).One of the nicest things I found was to return to my room and find little tea lights lit and the radio playing in the background so that I did not come back to a dark empty room. If you are travelling to London then this is definately the place to stay. I have stayed in a number of 5 star hotels and this one ticks all of the boxes.ANDREW - I WILL BE BACK.	
Nov 4 2009 	Superb	Stayed here for one night (wish it could have been more) and can only describe the experience as faultless. This hotel has many fine qualities but the one that stands out the most is the professionalism of the staff. They were extremely attentive ,courteous &amp; seemed extremely happy to make our stay as enjoyable as possible,nothing seemed to much trouble. I have no hesitation in reccomending this hotel to everyone.	
Nov 2 2009 	The best luxury hotel for the money in London	This is without a doubt the best value in London if you are looking for a luxury hotel experience without the jaw dropping prices some of the other 5 star hotels charge. First of all, the service the staff provided was top notch. They are so friendly and accommodating it is almost a little too much (but believe me, I'm not complaining). The staff tries their very best to accommodate you in every way. They were constantly asking if there was anything they could do for us or get us to make our stay more enjoyable. There were only two problems with the service that I experienced, one having to do with a maid who got a little pushy about giving us turn down service when we hadn't left our room because we were going for a late dinner, and with a mixed up dinner reservation (which I think was actually the restaurant's fault), and would not hold either of these experiences against Hotel 41 in any way.I was going with my girlfriend for a romantic four day sightseeing weekend so I booked one of their king size rooms instead of the regular double to get a little more space. For only a marginal amount of pounds more a night I think this was a wise decision because the room was larger than expected. It had a king size bed, a small sitting area, large closets and a bathroom with a shower and a tub. The room is immaculate and the black and white decor is very, very charming. My girlfriend was very impressed and knowing how much luxury hotel rooms can cost in London I was very grateful that they made me look so good.The location in my eyes was perfect. It is right next to the Royal Mews at Buckingham Palace. This means that you are not too far from the action of the Picadilly Circus/Leicester Square/Trafalgar Square tourist attractions, but far enough away to not have to deal with the craziness that comes with being right in the middle of it all. You are also equally close to Knightsbridge and neighborhoods like Kensington and Notting Hill. The hotel is a two minute walk from the Victoria tube station and the Victoria Palace Theatre where Billy Elliott is performed (great show by the way). I loved Hotel 41 for all of the above reasons. The staff and their service, the decor and style, and the location and access met our needs perfectly. If I had to say one thing that you might not like about it, was the size. I believe it is on one single floor. The hallways are small and the rooms are not huge. But like I said, we thought it was perfect for us and I just thought I would point this out in case somebody is not looking for a smaller boutique hotel which this one is. One of the best hospitality experiences I have ever had. Would stay there again in a heart beat.	
Nov 1 2009 	A home away from Home in a great location	My husband and I have just spent 7 terrific nights at hotel 41. The loacation is great , a 2 minute walk from Victoria Station, across the road from the Royal Mews and Green Park, St James Park and The Mall are around the corner. The rooms are charming, very comfortable bed, spotlessly clean, lovely touches at night like candles lit in the bathroom, a treat on the pillow etc. There is free internet for guests in the business area. The staff are the best. Nothing is too much trouble they always have time for a chat, and the service is excellent. Andrew the Manager is a friendly charming man who goes out of his way to ensure that you stay is a wonderful experience. During the day small treats and bottles of cool drink are left out complimentary for guests and in the evening, complimentary ,plunder the pantry, where smoked salmon, cold meats, crusty bread and salads are put out for guests is fantastic. We stayed at the Raffles Hotel in Singapore on our way home to Australia and we were somewhat disappointed in the level of service after staying at Hotel 41. We will be back next year we had such a great time. Thank you Andrew and staff for making our visit a memorable one. If you truly want a home away from home stay at Hotel 41.	
Oct 29 2009 	The hotel location room food 	This was our first time to London and I wanted to stay in a really nice hotel. I picked 41 because of the TripAdvisor reviews. I don’t think I could have made a better choice. We had 5 nights to spend in London and only stayed here. From the moment that we walked in, the experience was awesome. All of the staff was welcoming and ready to do whatever was needed. We stayed in an Executive King Room, which was beautiful and roomy, as was the bathroom. We were celebrating our anniversary and after a day of activities, we returned to find a cake in our room. Our package included a complimentary dinner in The Library (a hotel restaurant). I expected it to be good but it was excellent. Both the food and service were wonderful. A full English breakfast each day was also included in our package. There was a nice selection, the food was great and the service was wonderful. I believe the hotel is in an excellent location to see London. The Victoria Station is nearby for underground access. Buckingham Palace is right down the road and walk just a little bit further you will get to Big Ben, Parliament and Westminster Abbey. I have no complaints about our stay here and when we return to London, we know where we’re staying!	
Oct 28 2009 	a pearl	relaxing atmosphere... room not very roomy but very clean and well furnished.I recommend. Staff very welcoming and helpful.	
Oct 23 2009 	Hotel 41 is outstanding in every way	This boutique hotel absolutely surpassed our expectations. We have traveled to many of the world's most beautiful cities and regions, but have never had such a relaxing stay in such fine surroundings, due in part to the wonderful staff and their level of service. The decor is very stylish and well done, but it is the attitude of staff and the level of amenities and service that elevated our experience here to one of true excellence. Daily complimentary cocktail and canape hour (it actually lasts for two), complimentary internet (not yet common in London hotels), and wonderful suggestions from staff for things to do and see while in London all enhanced our stay. The location was outstanding....directly across the street from the Queen's Mews portion of Buckingham Palace. The rooms were stylishly finished with quality as a priority, the turndown service surpassed any previous experience we've had (it included soft music playing, floating candles lit, etc), the washrooms have a separate shower in addition to the charming bathtub, we appreciated the heated towel rack.....and on it goes. There is a gorgeous glass ceiling in part of the executive lounge (which is available for all guest to use). Thank you to all of the wonderful staff at Hotel 41. We hope to return to London in the future and look forward to staying again with you.	
Oct 21 2009 	Best stay anywhere	Having stayed in many beautiful hotels, Hotel 41 set a standard hard to match. The room was luxurious with a bed that was like sleeping between two clouds. But the single thing that makes Hotel 41 such a stand out was the personal, friendly service. The staff provded outstanding service on every level with genuine care for our comfort and enjoyment. Location couldn't be better with transportation or walking to destinations easily accessible. In the gorgeous lounge, complimentary snacks and beverages are offered anytime day or night. A daily delicious breakfast was availible before beginning each day. A visit to remember! I highly recommend Hotel 41 and will return someday.	
Oct 19 2009 	An absolute treasure	My favorite of 5 boutique hotels during a 3wk trip to London and Scotland. The entrance is a little tricky to find but worth the search. Another world awaits each guest once inside. An understated, unpretentious elegance permeates every aspect of this hotel, from the personal service to the appointment of the guest rooms to the food. Every request was tended immediately and with graciousness. A quiet haven in the midst of the hustle of Buckingham Palace Road. I was sad when we had to leave.	
Oct 19 2009 	Fantastic	My daughter and her husband booked us in to this what I can only describe as magical hotel to celebrate our 40th wedding anniversary and my 60th birthday. What heaven hotel 41 is the staff are fantastic and we were bowled over by the whole experience. We shall be going back and I would recommend this hotel to everyone. The resident manager Andrew Gortchacow makes you welcome from the moment you step in the building to the last moment you leave. Truly Fantastic.	
Oct 18 2009 	Very cozy and clubby - staff tried very hard"	This is really more of a &quot;clubby&quot; hotel than the traditional hotel. Without sounding &quot;over the top&quot; this is the first time in 40 years of traveling to London that I did not stay at one particular 5 star, world renowned hotel - my only past London hotel to compare to. I was impressed once I got used to the size. The rooms are great and the staff gives it their all to please - and most of the time they are spot on. If you're a NYer in a rush - bring a patience pill. The &quot;front desk staff&quot; (which is just someone at a table) treats everyone with great detail so if there is someone ahead of you, bring a magazine or your blackberry to kill time and they don't have the same level of expertise as a 5 star luxury hotel would have for recommending and getting reservations at the top / hot restaurants. But that's it for the downside... the staff was absolutely willing to do anything to accomodate. We were there for tea which was lovely and there were many personal touches throughout our stay that quite frankly, for the cost of the room, was as good as any 5 star luxury hotel. It was a happy, charming place.	
Oct 14 2009 	Absolute perfection!!!!!	Wow - this hotel was just perfection from the second we stepped in. The service was impeccable. Everyone was SO NICE! The room was beautiful - the shower was AWESOME. I think I could have stayed in the shower and the bed the entire time we were there, only there's too much to see in London!! The location is also really great, as it is less than a two block walk to the Victoria Underground station - the underground (subway) is really easy to maneuver, so the fact that the station is so close to the hotel is very convenient. It is also walking distance to some more simple eateries like EAT and Garfunkles for a quick meal. The hotel even has cozy bathrobes and slippers. There is also complimentary snacks every night. I liked this place so much I didn't want to leave!!! I can honestly say this gets a 100% positive rating. I can't wait to go back!!	
Oct 14 2009 	Unbelievable service	My brother and I spent 2 nights at 41. The service was unbelievable. They seemed to anticipate our every need. The location was perfect and we took several walks to nearby spots of interest. Always had a little snack for us and even an early breakfast ready for us on the morning of our early departure. The bellman was waiting for our 6:30 call for our luggage and was at the door in less than 30 seconds. I would love to go back and let them take care of me for a month.	
Oct 11 2009 	Excellent Service in a Beautiful Hotel	This was our &quot;Splurge&quot; hotel of our anniversary trip and it was well worth it. The staff was polite and attentive from check-in to check-out. We stayed 2 nights and had high tea and breakfast in their Library, which was very nice. They even held a bag and sent it on to our next hotel, for a small fee.This was not a cheap hotel or a budget stay but that's not why we chose this hotel. We wanted a luxury hotel in a convenient location with excellent service. We were not disappointed.	
Oct 5 2009 	Pure indulgence	This was our second time at Hotel 41 and it was everybit as good as our first experience. It is hugely expensive but worth every penny to stay somewhere so gorgeous and be made to feel so special by the excellent staff and surroundings. All the extras (plunder the pantry, welcome drink etc) help to set it apart from other 5 star hotels but what really makes it is the excellent customer service that the staff give - they make you seem as though nothing is too much trouble and the level of attention that you recieve is just right. We will hopefully be back for more once we have saved enough!	
Oct 3 2009 	Amazing Service makes up for small rooms	We stayed 5 nights this September, and found that any of the &quot;con's&quot; were surpassed by the large number of &quot;pro's&quot;. Pro's: 1) EXECELLENT service- the hotel has a &quot;whatever, whenever&quot; policy- staff was always asking if they could get us something. Staff was very helpful with recommending places to go and see, and staff was always friendly. 2) room and hotel was very clean3) beds were comfortable &amp; linens very soft yet crisp4) breakfast, snacks and drinks were always available &amp; plentifulCon's: 1) hotel desperately needs wireless internet throughout (in the rooms)2) our room was extremely small, and had bulky unneccessary furniture which if removed could have made room seem larger3) the tub/shower needed a shower curtain- while the set up looked sleek, it allowed water to get everywhere in the bathroom-making things very slippery	
Oct 1 2009 	Absolutely magnificent!	It was a wonderful experience!! We arrived really early in the morning (remember to tell the taxi driver that Hotel 41 is next to The Rubens Hotel as ours did not know where it was). We were allowed to freshen up in another room as ours was still occupied. Our room was small but gloriously luxurious: gorgeous range of toiletries; olives and ice in buckets; candles illuminating the bathroom in the evenings; heated towel rails; fluffy towels; wide choice of pillows; billowy mattresses; large mini-fridge selection; excellent room service and food; and, best of all, there are &quot;midnight&quot; snacks available in the dining area/library from 20h30. The hotel is really central : we were able to walk everywhere as I did not want to catch the underground and miss out experiencing London (although there is an underground nearby). Hotel arranged chaffeur for airport (and will arrange anything else you require during your stay). Our time at Hotel 41 was absolutely fantastic!!! A big thank you to all the staff who spoilt us so much!!	
Sep 29 2009 	Service you dream about	Our stay at Hotel 41 was just perfect. The staff treats you with great respect as if you belong to an exclusive club. Any request was tackled with gusto and we were pleased with all aspects of the hotel.You have got to stay at Hotel 41 if you like terrific service and a small hotel where everyone knows who you are.	
Sep 27 2009 	Wonderful	Fantastic service and great attention to detail. The rooms are beautifully decorated and have all the things you would expect. Location was brilliant, two minute from the tube and office. I love the fact it it has a beautiful entrance hall and then you go up in a lift to the floor where the Hotel 41 rooms are. Rooms are very quiet and safe,Breakfast is all a la carte and very good.I would stay here again.	
Sep 24 2009 	Fantastic Birthday Treat!	I booked Hotel 41 for 2 nights purely because of the fab reviews it received on TripAdvisor and was not at all disappointed. The room and facilities are pretty much on par with any other similarly priced 5* hotel in London, but what set it apart from the others was the fantastic staff. All of the ladies were genuinely friendly, polite and nothing was too much trouble for them. Highly recommended!	
Sep 10 2009 	Best place for excellent service	We wanted a place to relax and spend a couple of days after disembarking from a Northern Europe cruise, as a nice transition before heading back home. 41 was ideal for this - as my husband put it, it was the closest to being on the cruise ship without actually being at sea. The service and attention to detail is wonderful. My husband is diabetic, so having the &quot;plunder the pantry&quot; feature was great for him - he could nibble throughout the day and keep his blood sugar under control. Afternoon tea was wonderful, with the very best scones we've had in a long time. The hotel is located in a wonderful spot, right across the street from the Mews, Queen's Gallery, and just down the street from Buckingham Palace. The staff will assist with anything you need, from making dinner recommendations/reservations, booking theater tickets, providing maps, arranging for airport transportation, confirming your flight arrangements - whatever you need. They make a point of knowing who you are and addressing you by name. The private entrance is a nice touch and adds a feeling exculsivity to the hotel.Our room was nice in size, with all the little touches we've come to expect: thick fluffy towels, nice tub for soaking, luxurious robes/slippers, and a heavenly bed that is SO comfortable. Yes, it's pricey (especially with current exchange rates), but it is worth it.	
Sep 9 2009 	One of the best hotel I have ever stayed!	What a place! Location is just perfect for all who like to be in center of all attractions that London has to offer.The hotel is fantastic - small but very smart. All in black and white colors.My room although not very big was all I wanted. And it was very clean. The bed was very comfortable and linen really soft. All with 41 logo. Spotless bathroom was equipped with tasty toiletries. Our clothes were folded and placed on bed. Even our pajamas!Morning breakfast was great, food hot and very tasty, service fast and efficient. Monika, our waitress had always a real smile on her face and nothing was too much trouble for her.All receptionists were very helpful, especially Pauline. What a lady!Sebastian, the housekeeping staff did always greet me using my name and asked how I was. He kept the room 100% at all time.PJ seemed to be always there when we had some questions about the city. And he had an answer for everything we asked!The turn down service was always on time. Little treat on our pillows, soft slippers next to the bed, weather forecast, ice with some olives and spotless room when we came back from sightseeing made us feel really special.Check in and check out was very well organized and done with a very professional manners. No delays with check in, room was ready upon our arrival.I can recommend this beautiful hotel to everybody who wants to be treated like someone special!	
Sep 8 2009 	Once again perfect in every way!!	I just got back from a two week holiday to London, Paris, Venice, Florence, Rome and Barcelona, and Hotel 41 was by far the best!!! This hotel is beautiful, quite, charming, in a great location, and the staff is outstanding! I really do not have anything but great things to say about this Hotel 41, my only regret is not remembering all of the names of the staff members so that I could mention them in this review. However, I do remember that one again the resident manager, Andrew Gortchacow was extremely helpful and went out of his way to make sure that my girlfriend had a special 30th birthday by surprising us with a fabulous birthday cake in our room.	
Sep 1 2009 	Just superb service as always	I don't normally write reviews, but I just couldn't believe that someone had seen fit to write a poor review of this wonderful hidden gem. I guess some people will just never be satisfied. The hotel is small. That's the point. It means you get just wonderful personal service. I've stayed at the Landmark, 1 Aldwych and other big 5 star hotels, and yes they have nice spas and hugely expansive menus, but you feel just like any other hotel dweller. Here, the wonderful staff get to know you, find out about your stay and add nice little touches to suit. For example, romantic turn-down service on anniversaries, cake on your birthday, etc. For staff attitude, politeness, and not over-the-top stuffiness, this is simply the best hotel in London.	
Aug 31 2009 	Hotel 41 Never fails to deliver	We have just returned from our second stay at Hotel 41 and after such a special 1st visit I was a little anxious that as sometimes happens things may have changed for my 2nd visit. I should not have worried from the moment we entered the intimate pre-reception hall we were welcomed as special friends with a smile and a &quot;good to have you back&quot; despite it being over a year since our 1st visit. Again guided to the private lift that only goes to the 5th floor of this boutique hotel. First to the Executive Lounge to process the formalities of check in, this lounge still exudes the calm and excellence of an exclusive gentleman's club. Throuhgout our stay ALL the staff attended to us in the most friendly and courtious way taking a genuine interest in our daily plans and in an unobtrusive way making it clear they were there to help in any way possible to make our stay at Hotel 41 and indeed London an enjoyable one. Our room was immaculate upon checking in and kept that way throughout our stay by the housekeeping staff. This is no ordinary Hotel experience, I love Hotel life and I am going to make it my mission to travel the world to find a hotel as good as Hotel 41 ..... I don't doubt it will take me a VERY long time....To be treated in a friendly way and made to feel special on a special occasion then Hotel 41 is the place for you.	
Aug 28 2009 	FIRST CLASS PERFECTION	This was a return stay for us, private entrance at the side of The Reubens this hotel is the top floor and much like a gentlemans private club of the old days, it was amazing from the minute we entered the door we were treated with the utmost respect and care and this was highlighted by the genuine way in which we were spoken to. When they say have a nice day here they really mean it.We had a double exec room facing the royal mews, the room was quite large, lovely bathroom and every amenity provided, nice to have a hotel room that looks plush and classy but isn't all girly in its design.The food is brought from the hotel downstairs and is of a high quality, there is a good menu for most parts of the day and night, even a light menu from 11:30pm to 7am.Breakfast is lovely and substantial if you go for the hot food. We love the honesty bar its nice to feel trusted and every night there are complimentary nibbles too.For location you cant fault it, out the door turn right and its a 5 min stroll to the front of the Palace, then down The Mall to Trafalgar or through the park to The Ritz.Basically this hotel is the best for service, quality and attention to detail.To all the team thankyou for making my stay perfect again.C.Sunley	
Aug 18 2009 	A perfect wedding night!	We stayed at hotel 41 on the night of our wedding and the following night. We were expecting a most perfect stay and we were not let down! Staff extremely hospitable, cosy and well decorating room and the little extras were lovely. We were so excited at our wedding reception party that my husband and I ate very little. On our return to the hotel at about 2am we were starving! We went to the lobby and the staff prepared us a platter of hams, cheese, salad and bread! It was delightful!The breakfasts are first class.On our second night we had a 3 course meal in The Library (part of the 2 night hotel package we had booked) and it was PERFECT. A elegant and romatic experience, and again the staff were wonderful.We recommend this hotel to our friends and family...and to you!	
Aug 17 2009 	This hotel is fantastic	This hotel is really going the extra mile. I spent the weekend there with my husband, brother and sister in law and we cannot fault it. Far better than many well known five strt hotels. The staff are exceptional (Andrew the manager, ladies who served breakfast and staff in library restuarant in particular) and it lays on many of the extras other hotels promise but never quite live up to expectations. This hotel exceeded our expectations at every turn. The location is great - right beside Victoria tube station and a two minute walk from B palace. Lovely breakfast and dinner in the Library, great bar with pianist, v. comfortable room with turn down service including water and chocolates, nice toiletries, drinks on arrival. One observation (not criticism) rooms and in fact whole hotel very compact. Would certainly recommend and return!!	
Aug 16 2009 	Lived up to all of our expectations...	Stayed at Hotel 41 for one night to celebrate our anniversary and were not disappointed. The staff made us feel welcome from the minute we walked through the door and, although we had booked the Sparkle Package (and so anticipated the very welcome bottle of Laurent Perrier on ice when we returned after a long day's shopping) it was the unexpected extra touches that made our stay. The room was lovely, with the biggest bed I've ever seen (and a docking station for your iPod a nice touch) and the bathroom was clean and well stocked with all the luxuries you'd need. The hotel is perfectly placed for anyone arriving into Victoria Station, as it's only a short walk away. The exclusive entrance and reception for Hotel 41 guests (separate from the Rubens Hotel which occupies the lower floors of the building) gives a VIP feel. As other reviewers have said, the executive lounge where you are greeted/checked in and which also incorporates the bar and breakfast room is in the style of an elegant gentleman's club. There are, of course, cheaper hotels in London but, if you want to treat yourself and are looking for somewhere that bit special, I'd wholeheartedly recommend this hotel.	
Aug 12 2009 	Outstanding Comfort Service and Hospitality	My husband and I recently stayed at Hotel 41. It is impossible to share every reason that our stay was a delight. The room was beautiful, with a comfortable bed and luxurious linens. Not only was the &quot;standard&quot; service beyond our expectations (ice, lemon slices, olives, cookies and candlelight delivered with the nightly turn-down service), but the staff went out of their way to meet our individual needs. For instance, the first night we stayed, I telephoned the front desk and asked if they could give me the weather forecast for the next day. Then, each night when we returned from a long day of sight-seeing, perched on the bed was a neatly typed notecard with the next day's forecast.. This is just one example of many of their attempt to fulfill and anticipate our every need. I highly recommend 41!	
Aug 11 2009 	Treated like Royalty	We stayed at the 41 for 5 glorious nights in room 4101. I was traveling with my 13 year old daughter to celebrate her birthday. Our room was beautiful and it faced the Royal Mews and around the corner to Buckingham Palace. It was like being the Queen’s next door neighbors. Every morning we were greeted with a friendly wake-up call (a real live person and not a mechanical prerecorded voice) follow by coffee and pastries in our room, and then we would go into the Executive Lounge to enjoy our breakfast before we leave for a full day of sights-seeing and shopping. Andrew and his team of staff could not have done more for us during our stay to make this a truly most amazing trip for me and my daughter. Each evening we would retired to the lounge for drinks and on more than one occasion we would “Plunder the Pantry” for delicious treats after returning from the theater or shopping.It would be our pleasure to return to 41 and I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who would love to live like a Queen, even if it is just for a few days. To the staff of 41, you guys are the best and we hope to see you next year.	
Aug 8 2009 	If only I could afford this luxury everytime	Wow, what a place, beautiful boutique hotel, fantastic location, impeccable rooms and fantastic service. We just loved the whole atmosphere and there seemed nothing that we wanted for.The old gentleman club feel, black and white decor, armchairs for breakfast and the attention to detail would mean that we would always want to return, but it's a little costly and therefore would only ever be a treat.The only negative point is that the front door is around 20 feet inside the congestion zone and therefore you end up paying £8 midweek just to drop you luggage off.If you can afford it it's well worth visiting, an absolute delight.	
Aug 6 2009 	I was very very disappointed	Let me begin by saying that for my girlfriend's birthday, I wanted to take her somewhere special, and Hotel 41 seemed as though it would be the perfect place to stay in London. The website sold it to me really well, with nice little touches such as a complimentary glass of champagne on arrival, complimentary fruit and jellybeans in the room etc. These 'extra touches' did not exist. They were a fallacy; we were not offered our champagne reception, and the jellybeans etc were actually a chargeable purchase from the minibar (with the price printed on the side). Despite confirming with staff beforehand that we would be arriving early, we were still made to wait hours for our room even though we had been assured that this wouldn't happen.With regards to the room itself, it was generally clean although very small. Our 'state of the art entertainment system' however, was an old small tv without good enough reception to watch any channels. Although we found the bathroom to be generally clean, this did not excuse the PUBIC HAIRS that we found on the bathmat and in the bath. Needless to say we decided against using it. The last point I will make is that the staff, although friendly, do not appear to understand the concept of their own 'do not disturb' light. Despite only staying for one night, we were disturbed whilst we had indicated that we didn't wish to be, asking if we wanted clean sheets. I can only assume the sheets were clean when we arrived, and we'd only been there a few hours, so it was hardly an emergency worth annoying guests who had made it clear that they didn't want disturbing!Overall it was a very disappointing experience. The hotel is nice but my time there was marred by not receiving what I was promised, the hairs in the bath and being disturbed and offered clean sheets just hours after checking in. I have stayed in many hotels in London and can tell you that there are cleaner and more honest hotels for less than half what i paid to stay here. It was a huge letdown and not the experience that I had promised my partner.	
Aug 2 2009 	City centre opulence	Stayed two nights to celebrate my wife's 40th in June on the weekend of the Trooping Of The Colour (not planned!) A discreet entrance from the road and a trip in the lift from 'reception one' takes you into a place of luxury and 'reception two' which I imagine to resemble a scene from a discreet House Of Lords Gentlemans Club from 50 years ago! (wood pannelling, great fireplace, leather sofas and large bookcases with a small bar area where the night porter serves your night cap!) all this overlooked by a mezzanine floor and atreum if you like to look down on your fellow guests! The bedroom/lounge and bathroom were tastefully decorated in the signature black and white. I imagined the bedroom to be a little more spacious and I'm at a loss as to the need for a flat screen tv in the bathroom situated twix bath and shower resulting in a poor view from both! The staff were very attentive and the breakfasts were faultless. The location is superb being minutes from the front of Buckingham Palace and a short stroll from Victoria Train Station.	
Aug 2 2009 	Complete comfort luxury and style	This boutique hotel transports you into comfort, luxury and style the moment you walk through the door.Our Eurostar train from Paris to London had broken down and we were 4 hours late arriving. We felt tired, dirty and frustrated when we got to Hotel 41. Several of the staff immediately jumped into action offering us whatever we wanted to drink before we even began checking into the hotel. I requested a glass of red bordeaux and my husband a specific beer and within two minutes, they were in our hands. Complimentary.My husband's birthday was the next day and I requested a cake to be delivered to the room before we departed for the airport at 9:30am. Even though it was 6pm when I made the request and the pastry chef had left for the day, the concierge said she would take care of it, and she did. They brought a beautiful - and delicious - cake with coffee to us precisely after we finished breakfast. It was complete with a candle and Happy Birthday and a lovely fondant present decoration on top. My husband was surprised and pleased.The room was stylishly decorated and immaculately clean. The bed was comfortable and wonderful. I checked the option of aroma therapy pillows when we checked in and they were delivered promptly and were such a nice touch.The treats in the room were so tasty. And even though we didn't have enough time to enjoy the pantry or the tea service, it looked fantastic.The only possible criticism I could offer was that our room was rather small, but aren't most of them in Europe?I look forward to staying at Hotel 41 the next time I'm in London.	
Aug 1 2009 	A luxurious sanctuary in the west end of London	I selected this hotel for my recent trip to London, based on the excellent previous reviews on the trip advisor website. After a ten day stay , I can confirm all of the wonderful comments. I was contacted by email by the manager prior to my arrival to determine whether I needed any theatre or dinner reservations, or transportation from Heathrow. The hotel was easy to find and is conveniently located a 5 minute walk from Victoria station . (Also very close to the theatres where Wicked and Billy Elliot are currently playing)On arrival we were warmly greeted by reception and escorted upstairs to the Hotel which is on the fifth floor. We were offered a welcoming beverage and check in was very straightforward.We were in a south facing room for two days , and it was lovely. I had previously requested a room overlooking the Royal Mews and it became available on our third day Every evening when we arrived back at the hotel there was a cooler with ice and a tray of lemon and lime slices and olives, the beds were turned down, candies left on the pillows and a candle lit in the bathroom..There was also an invitation to join the staff in the lounge for sweets.The room was beautiful. The photos on the hotel website are accurate. The ceiling was high,with lovely multi layered moulding,:wainscotting divided the contrasting textures of the creamy white walls. The draperies , many mirrors and Black and white mofif create a rich affect.The bed was very comfortable with superb quality linens and duvets. all embroidered with the 41 logoThere was a white orchid on the bedside table The view over the Royal Mews was lovely and every morning the room was flooded with light.A hair dryer, iron , ironingboard was available and in the bathroom,dental kit and excellent quatity toiletries, including shampoo, hair conditioner, shower gel etc.The room was quietThe staff to client ratio is high and anything you ask for is accomodated. The manager , Andrew secured excellent seats for us to Wicked and other musicals.Continental breakfast was included in my room rate and was excellent- a variety of cereals, fruits ,artisinal breads , good cheeses, juices ,yougourts, cold cuts,etc.At night the staff leave out fruits , salad, smoked salmon cold cuts beads etc in the lounge for the guests.I loved the location of the hotel. It is in a quiet area and overlooks the Royal Mews of Buckingham palace and within walking distance for us for all the major attractions.I would stay here again when I return to London and recommend it highly.	
Jul 29 2009 	Best service of any hotel	My wife and I stayed here when we went to the Wimbledon finals in July.We really liked the 'club style' atmosphere and the service was just incredible -it felt like you had 10 personal assistants on call (breakfast was also superb). Rooms are not enormous and may have too much furntiure in them for those who like a minimalist room but they were very nice and bathrooms are suberb	
Jul 28 2009 	Not worth the cost	Ok - I'm sure people will disagree with this but...This is a small hotel next to Buckingham Palace. I stayed there for 1 night in July 2009. Frankly the place is massively overpriced - I paid £499 for a suite for one night expecting a really great place. I am not given to complaining but below you will find a copy of the feedback i sent them at their request:Dear xxx I never normally bother sending feedback - except on Trip Advisor, but as you have sent this email and due to the cost of the room I felt I should. I'm afraid I was not impressed at all with the room I was given (4116 I think - right next to the bar). 1) The sitting room area was tiny compared to the way it was advertised on your website (paid for a suite). Barely room to swing a cat, no settee just 2 small armchairs. 2) When I arrived I was offered the master suite - I had previously requested it but it was unavailable at the time. When I declined I was asked to wait 15 mins as 'maintenance were just doing something to my room'. No problem, however i suspect that the room had not been prepared prior to my arrival as they expected me to pay extra for the master suite. The room was not clean - dust everywhere, and dare I say it, pubic hairs on the shelf next to the television. Battery for the remote control for the stereo had run out. The bathroom was also very dusty, in particular the shower enclosure which was very run down. The room was very hot - the air conditioning had been turned to 16 C adding to my suspicions that the room had not been prepared, and that this is a room that is used for guests just staying for a night, or for emergencies. 3) Within 5 mins of me being in the room I was in the shower when I thought I heard a banging sound downstairs - which obviously I ignored. The sound persisted so I put a towel round me and made my way downstairs at which point the door opened exposing me to the guests that happened to be walking down the corridor at the time. This was someone wanting to give me several 'welcome letters' and a weather forecast, no doubt expecting a tip. To be frank - whilst the hotel has obvious old world charm, I have stayed in cleaner travel lodge rooms, and for £500/night, making it one of the most expensive hotels in London, I would expect much much better.***********************************************************************Basically anyone that would pay £500/night for this place when there are so many great (and much cheaper) options in London has more money than sense!	
Jul 27 2009 	Great little hotel	Stayed just for one night for a romantic weekend in London and it ticked all the boxes, great service, great location and some lovely little touches that made it special. The hotel is a little smaller than I thought it would be - we stayed in room 4101 which was great, only minor complaint would be that the TV was a little too small or too far away making it slightly difficult to watch in bed but this is only a really small complaint. Breakfast was good, as was 'the pantry' offering some really excellent cold meats and bread after 8.30pm.	
Jul 26 2009 	Wonderful hotel	I had the pleasure of staying at the 41 London in July, with my 9-year-old daughter and my parents, and I have to say it deserves all the good reviews it gets from other travellers.All the staff members are extremely polite. Andrew, the resident manager, will do what it takes to make sure you have a pleasant stay, he is really a nice guy and very professional. Breakfast is delicious, and the complimentary pantry a nice touch. Right next to Buckingham Palace, its location coud not be better. If you don't book this hotel, at least try one of the others from the Red Carnation chain , you won't regret it!	
Jul 24 2009 	Best Hotel I've ever been in	The 41 truly is the best hotel I've ever stayed in. All the perfect reviews it has, all the awards - they're all well deserved. From the moment you enter the hotel, you're treated like a king. 41's small size allows the wonderful staff to give every guest maximum attention.Too bad I just had a one night stay, I'm looking forward to return.	
Jul 20 2009 	Good Hotel but not sure it lives up to the hype	We stayed in Hotel 41 for 5 days in June 09. The room was fantastically furnished, very comfortable and unique with the black and white theme although quite small. We booked an executive king. We stayed with another couple who for the same rate were given a much bigger room. There is a lot of road work going on around the hotel which we constantly heard during our stay. The staff were really helpful and friendly but the concierge or desk at the entrance really needs people with more local knowledge. This hotel is in a great position for walking to local tourist attractions but really lacks decent nearby cafes, pubs, shops and restaurants.	
Jul 18 2009 	Highly recommended despite small rooms	I agree with most of the reviews here at Tripadvisor. Yes, rooms are small (we stayed in an Executive King) and the layout was awkward, but it was very clean and nicely decorated. Amenities are great - nice toiletries, wifi, complimentary snacks, candles at turndown. Service was also top notch - with one exception: check in. Granted we checked in early - around 11am after a long flight from Los Angeles. We were offered drinks right away and were told room is not ready but will be ready in a &quot;few minutes.&quot; We knew check-in was 3pm and was fine with that but since we were told room would be ready in a few minutes, we waited in the lounge instead of going out and coming back later. The room was not ready until two hours later. They did offer us snacks and drinks while we waited but they should have just given us better time estimate. Other than that, everything else was great. Highly recommended.	
Jul 18 2009 	An experience that will last a life time...incredible simply the best hotel	Our visit was for a extremely important ocassion of which I hope it would be perfect. It was that and more. The staff, and by that I mean all staff from the bell boy to the manager were welcoming, they could not do enough for you and more importantly you could tell they enjoyed it. They wanted our stay to be perfect and were excited for us and nervous to make it as we had hoped. Hotel 41 London surpass our expectations and we will rememeber our stay for the rest of our lives, we will be back and will recommend to all. Truly faultless from the rooms, cleanliness and service to rival any hotel.	
Jul 17 2009 	Terrific staff and location but not inexpensive	We spent five nights at Hotel 41, and it was a great base for touring London. The staff could not be more helpful, and worked very hard to fulfill our requests. I suggest spending the extra few pounds for the executive room; the standard rooms are pretty small. This is not an inexpensive hotel, but it is London, where everything costs more.	
Jul 17 2009 	Most Romantic Hotel	I've stayed in some top hotels, including the Ritz, but this has just leapt to the top of my favourite list. It is without a doubt the most romantic hotel i have ever stayed in - book the romantic turndown service (well worth the money) and be amazed. We had the least expensive, smallest room , and found it utterly magical. I cannot recommend it highly enough for a special occasion. The service was fabulous, the room furnishings were utterly luxurious and i think it is well worth the expense. We adored the free &quot;raid the pantry&quot; service. The breakfast was out of this world. They were also enormously helpful when i discovered a week later that i had left something behind.	
Jul 14 2009 	Luxury with a Wii	Oh My God....This place is fantastic; the advice from them for our show was great.WILL be staying here again.Right opposite the Mews, and a stone from Buck House.	
Jul 14 2009 	Great service nicely decorated but small rooms	We stayed two nights in an upgraded king room. First, the hotel is hard to find. There are no signs. And the cab drivers have not generally heard of it. So be ready with the address and be firm that there is indeed a hotel there. Or tell them to take you to the Ruben hotel next door and walk to the proper private entrance.The hotel is very nicely decorated, and very private. They are attentive to service. We had a small problem with housekeeping and the staff immediately apologised, made an effort to fix, and then checked back later. So staff and service is very focused, which is unlike many london hotels.The executive lounge for breakfast, drinks and snacks is nice, as is the decor throughout. The rooms are well decorated and comfortable -- but too small for the amount of furniture in them. Many london hotels have small rooms and this hotel would do better to remove the desk or make a pull out desk, and move to flat screen tv to make more space. It was difficult to get from bathroom to sitting area due to limited space between the desk and bed. They should just remove some furniture and it would be fine.overall, nice amenities, comfortable room and very service focused staff.	
Jul 14 2009 	Simply the best	My husband and I found Hotel 41 on trip advisor and thought it sounded like we should give it a go. I have to say, i can't fault any single element of the experience. The location is fantastic, the hotel is full of lovely touches, the service is warm, friendly and professional - and our room, the conservatory suite, was beautiful.Just go! It's a wonderful experience - the big London hotels could learn a thing or two from this place...	
Jul 12 2009	Small rooms high price but otherwise incredible hotel	This was the second year in a row I have stayed at Hotel 41 while I was in London. The first time I traveled alone, but this time I was with my sister. I have realized that it makes a difference because the King size room is suitable for one person (barely) but it's WAY too small for two people. They try to do way too much with the small space -- two beds, two lounge chairs, a dining table, a desk, and two large cabinets. With that said, the service is INCREDIBLE. They will try to find you anything you need while you're staying at the hotel (and even in advance of your stay). The main lounge area is very nice and it's easy to waste away the hours there having drinks, reading the paper, using the internet, or watching their flat screen. There is excellent high speed internet access throughout the entire hotel. The hotel is in a great location -- right across the street from Buckingham Palace. The hotel is, predictably, not cheap. Also, no fitness center or spa. Nevertheless, I rank is in the top 5 hotels I've ever stayed at and will probably continue to stay there in the future.	
Jul 6 2009 	Overpriced - Pokey Rooms	I cant fault the staff and location of this hotel but the decor and size of the rooms is totally out of line with the exhorbitant rates being charged. I stayed in a split level suite the decor was dated and the room incredibly pokey. For the price I was paying I expected a huge amount more - There are far better quality 'Luxury' hotels available in Lodon that are better value than this place.That said the staff were incredibly helpful and the Hotels only standout asset - if only the rest of the hotel could live up to the quality of their staff.......	
Jul 6 2009 	Hotel 41 sets the standard (that you wish other hotels would follow)	It is tough to describe what a perfect hotel this is, as it excels in every way I can imagine. From the moment you arrive, you are treated like deeply loved family, as if you were arriving at the exquisite home of a dear friend. Of course the hotel has all of the requisites of a fine boutique hotel: for example, immediately offering refreshments (water, excellent wine or champagne, martinis, liquor, whatever your pleasure) upon arrival, complimentary snacks/hors d’oeuvres delivered to your room every afternoon, fine linens, wonderful beds, exacting décor. Don’t want to deal with check-in when you arrive? No problem – they’ll take you to your room and you can handle the check-in details when you prefer. Want something (anything)? No problem.. they will have it to you immediately (actually, probably before you even think of it) and somehow it appears effortless. Unfortunately, there aren’t enough hotels that even arrive at level. But it is the staff that make Hotel 41 above and beyond all expectations. Their level of consideration, friendliness, and enthusiasm to go out of their way to make your day more enjoyable is just phenomenal – we’ve really never encountered anything like it, no matter where we’ve traveled in the world. As one example, I’ll offer this: before arriving at Hotel 41, we had been in the UK for a week (we’re from Los Angeles). A friend of mine in LA had asked me to pick up a few UK sweets for him – a particular chocolate bar and a box of cookies. During that week, I looked everywhere for the items, but couldn’t’ find them. So before arriving at Hotel 41, I called and asked them if they could find the items. ‘Of course’, I was told on the phone, and accordingly when we arrived in our room, there were 20 of the chocolate bars, stacked in a pyramid on a white plate with a big white bow around them, and beside them were 5 boxes of cookies – free of charge. As I later found out, they were so hard to find, that the manager himself traveled 30 minutes away to the other side of London to find the items. Of course you could say ‘well, that’s the hotel’s job to make things like that happen’, but it was the warmth that this, and everything else was done with. The staff is small (although in no way inadequate… actually, quite overly adequate considering the few number of guests they allow) and you really feel like you’re being attended to by a consistent group of personal assistants. Other nice touches: 1) The Great Room (which is effectively the hotel’s lobby) is absolutely fantastic. Like relaxing in the family room of a wonderful home. The leather seating by the fireplace, the self service (or full service) bar, complimentary raiding of the excellent pantry, create an incredibly relaxing atmosphere. 2) Breakfast in the morning. Usually we like to have room service, but the Great Room is so inviting that we ate there. It’s such an intimate setting (and intimate hotel) that we would have felt perfectly comfortable eating in our robes (although I can’t remember if we did or not) 3) Hotel 41 is really one (private) floor of a much larger 5 star hotel, so it’s able to offer all of the benefits of a large hotel (exceptional room service, for example), while offering the intimacy and personal attention of a boutique hotel. 4) we decided on the spur of the moment that we’d like to tour Buckingham Palace (across the street) (btw – you can only do this in summer). The lines were huge for admission. However we mentioned it to one of the staff members, and next thing we knew, we had a note from them that allowed us to bypass the lines and basically walk right in.Bottom line: of anywhere we’ve stayed in the world, this is the example of how it should be. We cannot recommend Hotel 41 highly enough. Stay here.	
Jul 1 2009 	As good as could be	Remarkable service from start to finish. While the room was modest in size, the amenities were first-rate throughout (including the Penhaglion supplies in the bathroom). Great temperature controls; two showers and a bath; dvd and iPod player. The people could not have been nicer or more helpful. Right at Victoria station. The quoted rates include VAT.	
Jun 28 2009 	We were spoiled with friendly thoughtful service and the location was superb	We were in London for 5 nights; my wife and I, and our 7-year old daughter. From the outset (as I made reservations over the phone), I was impressed with the positive, highly responsive attitude of the staff. Everyone seems genuinely enthusiastic about his/her job and focused on ensuring a positive experience for the guests. We had two separate King Deluxe rooms (no connecting rooms in this hotel) right next to each other in a &quot;private corridor,&quot; which initially created some apprehension for my wife. That was laid to rest upon arrival: the hotel is small, intimate, and feels very safe. Within a matter of minutes, we were meeting the staff and they were learning our daughter's name. After the first day, we felt very comfortable having our daughter next door, and she frequently availed herself of the well-stocked and enticing &quot;Executive Lounge&quot; (be sure to have some of the old-fashioned malted milk balls wrapped in small packets with a ribbon). It felt very much like staying with an old friend who happened to have a really nice house in a great location, with luxurious bedrooms, and a staff committed to our comfort. PJ-Lilly, the Guest Experience Manager, was an absolute delight and extremely helpful in arranging transportation, dinner reservations, and theater tickets. He was appropriately serious in making sure that things &quot;got done&quot; and also fun to work with; he is responsive and pays considerable attention to details. If you visit 41, you can trust that he'll take good care of you. While all the staff were friendly and helpful, Marta, in particular, was charming. She made our daughter feel as important as any other adult guest. The rooms were quite comfortable (the beds are good and comfy; not as firm as Westin &quot;Heavenly Beds&quot; and more along the lines of what you'd find at a Ritz Carlton). The bathrooms were very well done: well-lighted, spacious, and with strong water pressure everywhere (sinks, tub, and in the separate shower---&quot;sunflower head&quot; for that refreshing drenching experience). The Executive Lounge is a real treat and excellent for a light breakfast. We didn't experiment much with room service as we were mostly out and about sightseeing. Overall, our experience compared very favorably vs. the other hotels I usually frequent (Brown's, The Savoy, Claridge's, and the Mandarin Oriental Hyde Park). This is an intimate, boutique hotel in a great location; I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to my friends and colleagues.	
Jun 27 2009 	Perfect!	My husband booked a one night stay at Hotel 41 for my birthday, and after reading the reviews it had a lot to live up to - I was not disappointed. The hotel is in a great location with easy access to Victoria Station, and it's central location makes it ideal for walking around London. Every member of the staff was friendly and professional, making us feel very welcome. Our room was very clean, well presented and the black &amp; white decor was pulled off with great style. There were lots of nice little treats throughout our stay which were lovely including a beautiful birthday cake which was brought to our room shortly after we arrived. The heart of the hotel, the executive lounge, was wonderful and we enjoyed 'plundering the pantry' when we got back late after seeing a show. My only disappointment was that we couldn't stay longer!	
Jun 21 2009 	Great Hotel and Excellent Staff	Cannot say enough about Hotel 41. Our room (though small by American standards) was very comfortable and clean, The bed was big and comfy. Room had water and goodies waiting on our night stand every night. My wife enjoyed the deep soaking tub and made it a nightly ritual as soon as returned from daily sightseeing in London.The staff, especially all the young ladies made us feel special and took time to chat with us at every opportunity. The breakfast buffet was stocked with fresh fruit, breads, cereals, and other food every morning. We have been to London several times and always stay at nice places. However, this is our favorite. From London we spent time in both Paris and Rome and stayed at nice places in each. However, neither was like Hotel 41. Now that we are home we talk about our trips top London, Paris, and Rome ....and rave to everybody about Hotel 41.	
Jun 21 2009 	A fantastic Experience-only place to stay in London	Having just returned from a two night stay at Hotel 41, I can say I have never experienced anything like this in London. All the staff where highly efficient and very polite. When we entered the hotel we were unsure what was in store for us, but all I can say is thank you Hotel 41 for making our stay a most enjoyable one. After a delayed check in as the room was not available for us the Guest Experience Manager kindly gave us complimentry drinks. The room was lovely, highly equipped and exceptionally clean. The breakfast was delicious with the most friendly staff serving. After staying at many city hotels I will certainly be staying at this hotel again!!!	
Jun 15 2009 	Only Hotel for us now in London	We found &quot;41&quot; on Trip Advisor. We were not disappointed. I almost hesitated writing this review because I feel I am giving away a secret. We now feel like we are part of a special &quot;41&quot; club! We came to London on a 4 night whim and staying at &quot;41&quot; made our 4 days in London just perfect. Though I have to say the Executive King Room was much smaller than we expected, the service and attention to detail more than made up for the smaller room. From the moment we were greeted at the front street lobby, the staff at &quot;41&quot; made us feel special and that we were their only guests. They were even kind enough to acknowledge our anniversary. The room had 5 star linens and amentities, lots of towels, decorated very tastefully, good reading light and a very comfortable bed. We found our room to be very quiet though we were only two rooms from the Executive Lounge. The hotel is a very convenient walk to the Victoria Station tube. The Executive Lounge where we had breakfast and evening cocktails, drinks and treats is very inviting. Wonderfully decorated like an English library in blacks and whites. It was a lovely room to begin and end our day. As respects to the service, we cannot say enough about the service through out the hotel. It is obvious the management cares and has taken the time to train their staff properly. If the staff did not have answers to our questions they found the answers for us. Without a doubt &quot;5 star&quot; service. We were extremely appreciative of the effort the staff took to handle our food requests and transportation back to Heathrow. Next time we come to London I wouldn't stay any place else. What a jewel to find in a City that has a hotel on almost every block.	
Jun 15 2009 	Fabulous couldn't fault it	We stayed here overnight celebrating our wedding anniversary. The hotel was in a fantastic location, the staff were superb and the hotel everything we wanted.The staff left 2 anniversary cakes in our bedroom and made our stay very special.	
Jun 14 2009 	Fantastic hotel!	Amazing service - they do everything they can to ensure you spend your time in London the way you want to - effortlessly. Excellent restaurant recommendations, good seats at great shows - anything you need. Just tell them what you want, and they'll take it from there. The bed was a fantastic King bed, with amazing linens and nice feather/down pillows. Two excellent showers in the bathroom. The room wasn't huge, but there was plenty of room. Fine breakfasts were served in the executive lounge in the morning - complete with presspots of Starbucks Coffee - other styles of coffee were available as well. The look of the hotel is stately elegance. We felt a bit uncomfortable in our casual clothes - we had come from hot Athens, so we had mostly shorts,etc. But they did there best to make us comfortable. This would be a fine hotel in which to do business, given it's elegant feel. The location is excellent - very close to Victoria train and underground station, and an easy walk to St James Park and Buckingham Palace. Tour buses stopped a half block away. Youo can take the tube from Heathrow, and you'll only have to carry your luggage up one short fight of stairs. One knock - pass on the bbar for dinner - it would be a fine place for a drink, but the dinner was very underwhelming. In their defense, we got the prix fixe menu - but the meal was pedestrian.	
Jun 12 2009 	Not good for business	This is a nice hotel but if you are in London for business then go somewhere else.I was there for one night with a colleague and the experience was not as good as I expected.Our check in took nearly half an hour.The rooms are very good but not excellent.The service is very good.We had to leave early in the morning and it was impossible to get a cab in time in front of the hotel so we had to walk to the next underground station to pick up a cab. The doorman tried his best but was without success. Maybe this was our mistake because having stayed previously in London we were used that cabs are always available in front of the hotel.The cab issue is the reason why I think that this is not a hotel for business trips.	
Jun 10 2009 	Unbelievably awesome	This place is truly 5 stay. From check in to check out your every need is waited on. I found the room to be very comfortable and the size generous. We truly did not have one problem on our stay.	
Jun 10 2009 	Nice Hotel - Disappointing Room	We just returned from 6 nights at Hotel 41. We booked at the hotel web-site about 2 months in advance and selected the king excutive room. It was so very small and the bathroom was a major disappointment. We had a bath tub with a small partition to handle the shower spray. My husband is 6'3&quot; and when the shower hit him, it sprayed the bathroom. After 4 nights we were able to change to another excutive king and there was no comparison. The new room had both a tub and a walk in shower. It had room in the closet for our clothes for 6 nights. I would only book through Costco or a big travel site if they could guarantee the standard of room.	
Jun 8 2009 	Absolutely Perfect	My wife and I stayed at Hotel 41 for four nights during our recent trip to Europe, and had a wonderful time. We arrived well before check-in, and although our room was not yet ready, they were quite accommodating. They offered us our choice of drinks, took care of our luggage, provided us with a place to change after our long flight, and were ready to answer any questions we had about London.During our stay, we found the staff to be extremely friendly and knowledgeable, and the service was exceptional. One example of this occurred during breakfast. I typically eat peanut butter on toast, and although their breakfast buffet has many tasty options, they did not have any peanut butter. So, I asked a member of the staff if they had any, and she went to check. She then came back and said she would have some for me in five to ten minutes. We are not sure, but my wife and I think they ran out to buy me some! Anyway, a few minutes later she brought it to me, and every morning after she remembered me and automatically brought me peanut butter. It may seem like a small thing, but when do you get service like that?I have noticed that although the reviews are mostly excellent for this hotel, there are a few negative ones. So, I would like to address a couple of the comments I’ve seen. First, our room was relatively small, but not ridiculously so. And, you’re staying in the middle of London! Anyway, the room felt quite luxurious, was extremely nice and clean, and we couldn’t have been more comfortable. Second, the location is excellent. The hotel is just a couple blocks away from a tube stop, and is practically next door to Buckingham Palace. Also, taxis seem to come by all the time if you need one (and of course the excellent staff can get you one if need be).This was one of four hotels at which we stayed during our tour of Europe. Though all are worthy of 4-5 star ratings, Hotel 41 stands out as our absolute favorite. We hope to return next year!	
Jun 7 2009 	The Highlight of our trip was Hotel 41!	The other reviews are all accurate. I will simply emphasize how helpful the staff was in securing us hard to get dinner and theatre reservations, as well as tour tickets. We spent six nights and we were helped with our plans almost every day. Breakfast is superb and returning to the hotel lounge in mid-afternoon and enjoying tea and cookies is what really relaxed me in between busy sightseeing days. This is a cozy little oasis in the midst of a great city. Where do they get so many kind and sweet staff members?	
Jun 5 2009 	Excellent boutique hotel great service!	All has been said, but I wanted to say we were on a long trip going to 3 countries and stayed at many cities, and this was by far our best stay in the whole trip. The hotel is small and rooms are small, but very comfortable. Showers are the best in London, I could bet! towel warmers in the bathroom etc. but what makes this hotel the best is the service!. Everyone is looking at ways to help you, and make your stay a comfortable one. We loved it, and you will too! Definitively will recommend it to friends at home.	
Jun 4 2009 	Great Stay - even in winter	This is a wonderful hotel. I will definitely stay here next time we are in London!	
Jun 4 2009 	Absolutely delightful stay	You are met at reception and taken to the fifth floor by a lift. This floor is the entire boutique hotel. There is only about 20 rooms on the floor. We were seated while being checked in with a glass of champagne. Then escorted to the room where we were shown everything and informed of breakfast. The rooms are entirely in black and white. There is even a bedroom with a conservatory roof as you are in the top attic area. The bar dining area is exceptional in decor. Breakfast was excellent with a variety of choices and also had soya milk available. The staff were so helpful. Would love to return one day. Excellent location for sightseeing and for Victoria Station.	
Jun 2 2009 	Best Hotel in London - by a mile	Not only is the 41 the best hotel in London, I'd go so far as to suggest it's the best in the world. The quality of service and care provided by each and every hotel employee is amazing. The food is fantastic and the location is very difficult to beat - great to get around London, shopping, airports or for running the London parks as I like to do. There's also a good gym/swimming pool for the use of hotel guests. Finally, and fittingly, the beds are the most comfortable I have ever slept in. Probably the worst mistake I ever made was taking my wife to stay there during one of my business trips to see how tough working away from home is! I couldn't recommend this hotel highly enough	
May 28 2009 	The best of the best!	Exceeded all of our expectations, even though we knew the hotel was ranked #1 of all -- mark that, ALL -- hotels in London. The concierge pool, hosts and hostesses are the very standard of courtesy and competence, and at the same time graciously warm and personable. The room was the archetype of what a 5-star room ought to be but often is not. And the location was perfect for our trip plans -- easy walking distance to Victoria Station, Buckingham Palace, Apollo Victoria theatre (where we watched Wicked), some excellent restaurants (The Library, Santini's Italian, BBar South African, Shakespeare's Pub, ASK Pizza, etc.). Do NOT miss the fabulous breakfasts and especially the cozy evenings with Earl Grey tea and biscuits all in the executive lounge. Upon re-reading what I have written, I realize I sound like one who has a vested interest in this hotel, but this is far from the case. I am quite capable of writing a negative review, but there is simply no way to summarize our experience without using superlatives... Oh, well, just so it won't sound so Pollyanna: it is true that the hallway floor creaked a bit outside our room. Big deal.	
May 18 2009 	Wonderful Service Great Location Very Enjoyable	We stayed in 41 for 2 nights during May. The hotel is located just 2 minutes walk from Victoria Station and therefore is very convenient to Gatwick Airport. Buckingham Palace is just down the road. We were able to walk to Bond Street and Oxford Street in 15 minutes. Generally speaking, restaurants in the area are of a very high quality. On arrival we were whisked upstairs and received a very friendly and efficient early check-in. Not only this but we were offered, and enjoyed, a lovely cup of tea with fresh croissants and pastries, very yum and welcome after our journey (have never been greeted anywhere in this fashion previously!). Our room was a king, good size, complimentary bottled water, well stocked mini-bar, large bathroom with bath plus walk-in shower, large hallway with walk-in closet and safe, towel robes, great air-conditioning, easy access to light switches. Overall a very well-appointed room, we had everything we needed and more. Breakfast was very nice with variety of cold choices buffet style or hot from the menu. Every evening we came back to the turn-down service, complete with little munchies left for us and candle-lit bathroom, a lovely touch. Loved the choice of teas available - very English. Executive Lounge is very relaxing and traditional English in decor. Finally on the day we left, our luggage was collected from our room and stored for us all day. On collecting it we enjoyed afternoon tea with champagne, it was superb!!! I think my partner described one of the pastries as &quot;obscene&quot;, which translated, means &quot;delicious, excellent, all the above ...&quot; !!! He was a happy camper as was I. We treated ourselves to a stay in London as we had not had a break for a while and 41 seemed like a good choice for some pampering and relaxation. IT DID NOT DISAPPOINT!!!!!! Thank you to all the wonderful staff and management who work there; staying at 41 is unique and fabulous!	
May 14 2009 	Great hotel personalized service	We spent the weekend at 41 - our first time in London. The hotel is very nice, rooms were clean and nicely decorated. The towel warmer in the bathroom was a nice treat! Our room was a little small, but that is to be expected in large cities.The loune area is very nice with breakfast and tea served daily as well as complimentary snacks in the afternoon and an extensive honor bar. If they don't have what you want they can get it from the bar in their sister hotel next door and deliver it to you.The staff was very friendly and eager to accomodate us. We had a two issues with waiting a long time for food/dinks, but nothing significant. The staff recognized us, greeted us by name, and helped with everything from dinner reservations (and printing us a map), to mailing postcards, to delivering drinks to our room.The breakfast was very good, but I was glad it was included with the price of our room because the price printed on the menu was expensive. The high tea we had on our first day was also excellent - it was a great way to relax after such a long trip before heading out to see the sights.The location is both good and bad. It is very close to Buckingham Palace, Westminster Abbey and Parliment. The sightseeing buses stop right out front, and the underground is a short 3-block walk. There is also a new shopping center nearby with the essentials - a drug store, a grocery store, ATM, etc. However, the area seemed deserted in the evenings and on weekends. The restaurants and even pubs were practically empty. The bar on the corner wasn't even open on weekends. That's great if you don't want to wait for a table, but lacking in a fun &quot;energy&quot; we were hoping for.Overall, it was a great experience.	
May 8 2009 	wonderful boutique hotel with fabulous service	Service: friendliest, most attentive service I've seen in any class hotel/innRooms: (king) gorgeous and comfortableValue: excellent, although at this level should include a bottle or two of water per night in current rates (courtesy pantry is great but water isn't easily available) ... not a big issue, very minor detail though surprising because they seem to think of everything else!Cleanliness: perfect except for unmistakable odor of cigarette smoke when use AC/heat (spouse noticed it in executive lounge too) - front desk staff didn't seem to notice odor when brought to her attention (smoker VIP guest around?) so we resolved by leaving a window open- booked reservation at last minute so room possibly &quot;least popular&quot;; even so, lovely room adjacent to lounge, convenient &amp; still quiet	
May 7 2009 	Makes you feel like you are at home	My wife and I stayed for the last two nights of our 2 week Europe vacation at Hotel 41...what a great experience. You walk into the entrance at 41 Buckingham Palace Road and it’s like you have entered someone’s private residence…you just drop your bags and from there everything is taken care of. The rooms are very well appointed and spotless. The staff goes out of their way to make sure every single need is taken care of…there is nothing too small. I can honestly say that I don’t think I have stayed anywhere where each and every staff member we encountered truly cared about our experience and wanted to do anything they could to make our stay enjoyable and worry free. Great job Andrew and staff! We will definitely be back.	
May 5 2009 	I couldn't have felt more at home	I always prefer a small hotel and this one really fit the bill. I cant say enough about the staff at Hotel 41. Even when I came in from a long day of work and was a bit cranky, they took care of my every need-with pleasure and a smile.The hotel itself is lovely-and their executive lounge was the PERFECT spot to have a bite to eat, a glass of wine and to unwind witha book at the end of the day. The room was a little small-as is often the case in London, but it had every amenity.The location allowed for early morning walks by the palace and green park.If you want to be in the middle of the 'action' this hotel is not for you- but for business travel -or romance- it can't be beat.	
Apr 28 2009 	Best Stay Ever!!!	Me and my firend book a 3- night stay at Hotel 41. The experience is truely awesome. The decor is great, staff are nice and very helpful. We had a very memorable stay @ Hotel 41 and would definitely receommend our freinds to stay there to expereience the difference....	
Apr 25 2009 	Very special 	I booked a week end at the Hotel 41 to propose to my girlfriend. Having read the comments about the hotel on Tripadvisor (thank you to previous guest for their very helpful comments) I thought this was the ideal place and I wasn't disappointed. It is in a good location and it is beautiful, but what sets the Hotel 41 apart is the standard of service you receive from the wonderful staff. Nothing is too much trouble and they deliver this excellent level of service in such an efficient yet unobtrusive manner. If its a romantic week end you are planning I recommend you give the staff a call to discuss your requirements and listen to their suggestions. You won't be disappointed. I particularly recommend the 'romantic turndown'!! Don't cringe guys, the lady in your life will love it. Finally from my fiancee's perspective, this was a perfect experience from the moment we walked in the door until the time we left.PS She said 'of course!!'	
Apr 22 2009 	What a fantastic experience at 41.	We really enjoyed our stay at 41. We selected 41 because of its location, easy walk to some sights and the tube, quick taxi to the theatre and restaurants that we wanted to check out. The room was bright, comfortable and well appointed. The staff of 41 worked extremely hard to make sure that our entire stay was a delight!	
Apr 18 2009 	A small haven	Hotel 41 more than lived up to it's reputation for service. The entrance is discrete and you enter a different world when you step in off the street. It is miles away from the faceless chain hotels where you are often just a number . The staff were friendly and approachable and nothing was too much trouble. We were greeted with a glass of champagne and while we checked in our bags were taken to our room. We quickly grew accustomed to all the little extras provided. The room was immaculate and well appointed. The bed was comfortable. A bathrobe as well as a dressing gown together with slippers was great and the cookies on the pillow and the candle in the bathroom each night was a nice touch.Breakfast was good with hot dishes cooked to order and a good selection of fruit, yoghurt, breads and cereals. Complimentary soft drinks, snacks and chocolates were available throughout the day. Each evening a small ice bucket with olives and lemon slices was placed in the room.The only downside was the size of the room and size of the bathroom. They were both just a little too small to be really comfortable. We kept bumping into each other when we were getting ready to go out and the bathroom was too small to allow two people in at once. The biggest problem was the large desk chair which has large wooden feet on which we kept stubbing our toes when we passed it! It would have been nice to have had two comfy chairs to relax in at the end of the day but there just wasn't room.We would return to the hotel again for its location and the peace and quiet it provides together with the excellant service, but we would want to get a larger room next time.	
Apr 18 2009 	4 (1) Seasons!	It is simple: You will receive a kind of service that only in 4 Seasons, The Peninsula, Mandarin Oriental or in a hotel of such a category you could taste. The breakfast is excellent, the rooms relaly cosy, the location very convenient. but on top of all is the people! They are very well trained and they are ready to offer the best meeting much more than your expectations. I would definitely recommend this hotel!	
Apr 8 2009 	A little palace of your own	This is the best hotel I've ever been. As soon as they open the door for you, you just step into your own palace. My room was spacious, with a very comfortable bed, the ceiling was a little bit low, but that's no problem, it makes it even more cosy. Bathroom just perfect.The lounge is the best place to stay in this hotel. After a day of shopping the staff will pamper you. The food is perfect, but you can also sit there and just read a book on a comfortable sofa with a good glass of wine.You can also order roomservice, wich is perfect, but eating in the lounge is even better.Andrew and the rest of the staff are really the most friendliest hotel staff I've ever met, no question is too much.It's not cheap, but really worth it!!	
Mar 24 2009	Deserves to be #1	We just returned from a 5 night stay at Hotel 41 and everything about it was top notch and exceeded my expectations. The staff really caters to your every need, and the atmosphere in the executive lounge makes you feel like home. When we arrived, it was about 7:30 a.m. and I was concerned that we would be stuck touring around London after an overnight flight in the same clothes and without a chance to freshen up. That fear was soon gone because they greeted us at the hotel with coffee, tea and danish and had our room available immediately. The staff always greeted us when we returned to the hotel after tourning and was extremely helpful with restaurant suggestions and site seeing ideas. We became particularly fond of the managers Andrew and Antoinette who made our stay extra special. The best was when we came back from a shopping spree at Harrods and all of the young girls on staff clamored around my 12 year old daughter to see her purchases, which made her feel very special. The location is really ideal and you can walk to all major attractions and some very good restaurants. The hotel is very quiet, it is really a hidden gem, none of the taxi drivers knew about it so you have to tell them that you are going to the Rubens which is the downstairs part of the hotel. And it is absolutely true that there are always snacks and drinks available, most of which are complimentary. The breakfast and hors doevres in the afternoon were very good as is the restaurant in the Hotel called the Library. The staff really went out of their way for us and it was very much appreciated. I would highly recommend this hotel and that says alot because I am not always that easy to please!!	
Mar 23 2009 	Special	My husband and I have just returned from a weekend at Hotel 41. It was excellent. We were made to feel very welcome from the time we arrived until we left. This is not a 'normal' 5* hotel. You enter through a small but very pleasant corridor, and a lift takes you up the the 5th Floor where Hotel 41 is situated. You walk past bedrooms to reach a very relaxing and well furnished lounge area, which is essentially the heart of the hotel. Everything is there for you, and you are welcome at all times - papers, food, bar, tv - and very helpful staff without 'attitude'. The interior decor is superb, the food was very good but without a doubt the staff make the hotel - they are brilliant. The only thing that let the hotel down slightly was the housekeeping service, who caused us to wait for our room on a couple of occasions - but the staff dealt with this very effectively - plying us with champagne as we waited, so it really was no problem!We look forward to our next visit.	
Mar 21 2009 	Beyond my expectations	This place is everything you would expect and more! We purchased our trip through Luxury Link. Five nights in an executive king room, breakfasts, champagne, dinner one night and tea one afternoon. An incredible value for this level of service. First our room. We were very pleasantly surprised after reading some reviews that mentioned the small size. Ours was very roomy (#17), with the bed area to the left of the entrance and the bath down the hall to the right. More than most hotels we have stayed at. The bed was very comfortable and we really liked the turndown service, with the music playing and bottled water by the bed. First class. Our package included continental breakfast and there was an amazing variety! I was very partial to the yogurt parfait, but the meats, cheeses, breads, pastries, cereals, fruit.....something to please everyone! The service in the hotel was top notch. Every time we entered the lounge, someone was there to greet us and ask if we needed anything. We never had to wait to be served drinks or anything else. Very knowledgable and helpful staff. Our tea was to be served next door in the Palace Lounge at the Rubens. We asked if we could instead have it in the lounge at 41. (We loved it so much, we didn't want to go anywhere else!) They were very happy to oblige and it was very intimate and cozy. The dinner that came with the package was a 3 course dinner at the Library next door. It was not from the regular menu, but from a smaller one (prix fix) with limited choices. It was Ok, but really not the best (my husband's fish was not good). But, again, service was wonderful and the restaurant is lovely. Complimentary snacks are out during the day and the &quot;plunder the pantry&quot; is very nice to have available later in the evening. Again, a nice variety of meats, cheeses, fruits and breads. You will not go hungry here!The location of this hotel cannot be beat. We were able to walk everywhere we wished to go and there is a great pub across the street. We were very lucky as it didn't rain until the day we were leaving. The hotel is a 5 minute walk from Victoria station so very convienent. I would recommend this hotel to everyone wishing to enjoy a truly luxurious vacation!!	
Mar 18 2009 	This hotel has not won awards for nothing- my best hotel yet in London	Richard and I recently stayed at Hotel 41 for a 2 night stay following research on Trip Advisor. The Trip Advisor Best Hotel Award 2008 has been well deserved.From arrival into the lobby the staff make you feel special and welcoming without being gushing. The entrance is impressive- striking in black &amp; white theme which dominates all the rooms (we went on a tour to view a selection of the rooms), -everywhere clean and kept at excellent standard.You are escorted up to the hotel which is 5 floors up a lift from the lobby into a delightful lounge where breakfast and snacks plus bar are. The touch of an 'honesty' book for serving your own drinks is lovely- but chances are the bar man will ask you first. I must commend all the staff for their care of us during our stay- Kinga, Monika and PJ in particular - but only because I could remember their names- their job is to enhance your stay and they do that to perfection. Breakfast is delightful - so much choice- there is usual cereals, fruits, yoghurts, pastries, different breads etc etc and the staff bring you hot food cooked to order. Eggs Benedict was to die for!Come to Hotel 41- you so won't be disappointed.If I could fault it at all we chose the smallest room -and cheapest and it would have been worth upgrading to size larger as considerably bigger. Just not quite enough room for us!	
Mar 17 2009 	Absolutely Amazing!	I stayed with my girlfirend and now fiance (after our weekend at the hotel) and i have to admit this hotel is fantastic from the moment of arrival to leaving the staff, location and quality of the hotel could not have made this weekend any more special.I opted for the romantic offer advertised on this website, i dont want to give anything away but i recommend it to anyone wanting to make your stay extra special. Extremely romantic and personal. The hotel has a whatever whenever policy which belive me is true, anything you ask for is never too big or too small and the quality of service is truly 1st class.The executive lounge is beautiful and secluded to the outside world in central london. Its difficult to believe you are only 100 metres from Buckingham Palace.I recommend this hotel to anyone and will definately be staying there again!Thanks to the people at 41 you can really make dreams happen!!	
Mar 16 2009 	top draw	March 2009 my wife and I have just spent the weekend at 41 and are delighted to recommend the experience to other travelers. The service and courtesy from the staff is outstanding and you are cosseted and spoilt during your whole stay. The rooms although a little on the small side are sumptuously furnished and lots of little complimentary items that feel special. My only complaint is that like so many London Hotels they £25 charge for breakfast.	
Mar 15 2009 	Excellent in every way - a hidden gem	From the moment we arrived our expectations were exceeded - any we had pretty high expectations! The staff are so friendly and attentive, and for once the phrase &quot;nothing is too much trouble&quot; can be applied. As your bags are whisked away to your room you take a seat in the lovely comfortable Executive Lounge, which looks like the library in a country house, and are offered a coffee or even champagne whilst the paper work is completed. The room was spotless, crisp bed linen, beautiful soft feather pillows (from the pillow menu!) lots of towels and a choice of bathrobes. At 5 pm an ice bucket, lemon and lime slices and a bowl of olives are delivered to your room - or if you prefer take up the offer of complimentary canapes in the lounge. And don't forget to Plunder the Pantry on your late night return to the hotel - lovely complimentary snacks in the lounge. So many things to mention but some should remain a lovely surprise as they were to us. This was a more expensive hotel than we would usually chose, but we felt it was worth every penny.	
Mar 14 2009 	Superb hotel in a great location	I must admit I do travel a lot in UK and I do stay in many hotels. In the first week of January I stayed in an unknown to me (at that time) hotel 41... My first impression wasn't the best I must say... Very small lobby and very narrow corridors... But when I was brought to my room I absolutely loved it!First of all it was spotless. And I mean it - it was spotless. The iPod dock just did for me as I forgot to bring my iPod charger and high class TV system - loved that!Bed was very comfortable. Linen spotless and fresh.Turn down service was a cherry on the cream. Beautifully arranged bed with a soft music playing from a radio, weather card and dimmed lights... Perfect! I try not to stay in the same hotel twice so I can taste different styles but I might break my own rule!	
Mar 6 2009 	Elegant but yet comfortable with staff exceeding expectations!	I had the opportunity to visit London last week for the 2nd time in 6 months. My choice of accommodations, once again was Hotel 41. Hands down Hotel 41 offers the BEST Hotel experience.The Hotel itself is really quite lovely with a black and white motif. Very clean and crisp w/o feeling stuffy. Our room was a 2 story suite with a fireplace, a very cozy king bed, a huge tub with wonderful bath accessories, candles lit in the evening...very ROMANTIC.The staff at Hotel 41 was outstanding on both occassions...always sensing our needs and taking care of us without hesistation or question. Example...Every evening @ 6 pm canapes are served. My husband and I would partake in a cocktail along with these delectibles prior to going out to dinner. One evening, I was running late and sent my husband for a glass of wine. Upon his return there was a knock at the door with a staff member delivering canapes. I asked my husband had he requested these and his responded NO. (Wow, what a thoughtful touch on the part of the staff!)One morning I woke with what we thought was a mild case of stomach flu (okay, it was a little more than mild...). After sleeping most of the morning I got myself dressed and trudged through London. Keep in mind I had not eaten since the night before. Upon returning to our room I asked for a slice of bread, hoping to calm my stomach so I could perhaps eat dinner at some point. Within moments of my request a basket with an assortment of breads and fresh fruit was delivered to our room. (Nice)Food... We had the Continental Breakfast every morning and Wow! Lots of fresh fruit, meats, cheeses, yogurt, assortment of juices, pasteries and a number of cereal options. Canapes were outstanding and I would hate to forget raiding the Butler's Pantry EVERY evening (yes it's included).I know I am rambling on...but I feel it imperative to express my opinion of what an outstanding stay we had at Hotel 41. Between the beautiful accommodations, exceptional service and food there is NO other Hotel to stay at while visiting London. We did not want to go home!Oops, Forgot to mention location...What a big plus! The Hotel is within a few minutes walking distance of Victoria Station, Theaters, St. James Park and you are staying down the street from the Queen! Great restaurants and fabulous Wine Bars are located nearby.Hotel 41 is my personal FAVORITE Hotel in London. Would NOT even consider staying anywhere else. Yes, we will return!!!	
Mar 6 2009 	For something a little different	Discreet location, Tremendous staff, wonderfully appointed rooms (the best surprise - try the bath shower!) and a lounge that you want to make your home. It's all that and more which is why next time we'll stay for more than one night. The conceirge managed to acquire a pair of theatre tickets at short notice (best seats and value..and we mean the best) and recommended a restaurant that was just what we needed. The only disappointing aspect was the length of time we had in London at the 41, which we'll rectify in April! A memorable experience.	
Mar 3 2009 	Great Hotel in a great location	The hotel is very nice and comfortable. The location is great, but the service is wonderful. Everyone was so gracious and helpful. It was first class without any of the stuffiness you sometimes find in nice hotels.	
Feb 27 2009	My Favorite London Hotel	41 is the best hotel I think I've ever stayed in. It's a boutique hotel on Buckingham Palace Rd. next to Rueben's Hotel, which I suspect is part of the Red Carnation chain although I can't say for certain. But every single thing about my stay was marvelous. I don't think I've ever stayed in a hotel and been unable to complain about a thing. The bed was comfortable, the bathroom fully equipped, there was eveb a fireplace in the split level suite they assigned me. The breakfast spread was small but perfectly prepared and fresh. Perhaps the only jarring point was the firedoor opposite my bed, but only because it was a door without a visible lock on it. (Not that anyone could get in, but as a single female traveller, it gave me pause.) I'll definitely be going back.	
Feb 26 2009 	Perfect Hotel for London visit	My husband and I stayed at this hotel. On arrival we were warmly greeted and escorted to our room. We found the staff polite and very helpful throughout. Rooms are well proportioned and very tastefully decorated. Hotel deserves a good recommendation and we hope to stay there again this Easter. Nothing to fault. Perfect small hotel for visiting sights of London.	
Feb 26 2009 	Some Parts Excellent others vary	Check in experience was exactly as another reviewer mentioned, odd.Room was nice, good size, some excellent touches like hot water bottles, flowers etc.However room 4105 has a hidden boiler and is very noisy at night beware!!!!!Visted BBar first night, wish we had gone else where, the Ostrich was like shoe leather, took then so long to cook another that they were closing around us made us feel very unwelcome. On the final morning ate breakfast in the Exec Lounge, found out of datr food on the buffet after I had eaten them, wihtout much by way of an appology, not something that you expect at this level.Probably suggest going elsewhere.	
Feb 23 2009 	Where's the hotel lobby?	My boyfriend and I were quite surprised and disappointed upon our arrival. No hotel lobby to relax in while we waited for our room and the first room they showed us was claustrophobic. The entire welcoming process was so odd. They took us to the executive lounge where we checked in, but it felt very old gentleman's club-like, and enclosed. This hotel is not worth the price in my opinion, and I'm not sure how they qualify for that many stars. For the same or less you can stay at One Aldwych or the Soho Hotel which both have beautiful lobbies, a health club and Aldwych even has a pool. Somehow we made the unfortunate mistake of choosing 41. So many other nicer hotels in London.	
Feb 23 2009 	Simply amazing	An astonishing hotel. I can't praise it highly enough. Service was really wonderful, and also sincere and friendly - you really got the impression that everyone genuinely wanted to make your stay wonderful (and they succeeded!). The room was very comfortable, if a little small. On our last night, we moved up a category and I would recommend this if you can as it really made a difference. &quot;Plunder the Pantry&quot; was great - really nice to be able to come and snack - and the lounge is really comfortable and private-feeling. The location of the hotel is also excellent, very close to Victoria Station but also right next to St James's Park. We got a &quot;romantic turndown&quot; on one night and it was beautifully done, with petals, candles, a red rose and even a bottle of massage oil! And a bottle of Veuve Clicquot in an ice bucket. If you get the opportunity, go to this hotel! It's very romantic so ideal for a special weekend away.	
Feb 22 2009 	brilliant	just got home this hotel is worth a stay staff spot on, only downside food, it is not of five star quality but it is london eat elsewhere, but dont let this put you off,	
Feb 20 2009 	Perfect Engagement Location!	My partner and I had the pleasure of staying at hotel 41 in january 2009. Unknown to me, my boyfriend was planning to propose there and quite frankly, he could'nt of picked a more romantic hotel. Upon arriving at the hotel, we were greeted with a warm welcome and were intantly struck by how luxurious the hotel was. Our luggage was taken to our rooms while were offered complimentary drinks and snacks in the hotel bar. When booking the room my finace had pre booked a romance package, which was well worth the money. Upon entering the dimly lit room, music was playing while candles and rose pettles filled the room and champagne was on ice. This was all included in the £70 package. The hotel staff were very eager to help and happily explained that the bar was actually an 'honesty bar' which relied on guests writting down what drinks they have had in a book on the bar. I must admitt, in the exitement of just getting engaged, our measures of gin may have been a little miscalculated!When returning to the room after one too many gins i accidentally spilt the content of the ice bucket onto my new dress. I immediately called room service, who took the dress away and returned it clean and dry within about 20 minutes. Room: The rooms its self was beautiful, spotless and decorated fairly modern with black and white decor. Although for a room costing over £500 a night I would have expected it to be a fair bit bigger. (A double bed, bedside table and a dressing table were the only furnature that could fit in the room)If I had to choose a downside to hotel 41 it would be the room service. My fiance and I are very laid back people and very rarely complian but the standard of the room service was very poor. The food we ordered was not only small and overcooked but would have been poor quality despite this. However, this did not detract at all from how much we enjoyed our stay.Checkout: The checkout time for the hotel was 12pm although staff were happy to extend our checkout to 3 or 4pm if we would have liked. As we wanted to do some shopping, the hotel happily held onto out bags unitll the evening when we came to collect them.In general the hotel was by far the best I've stayed in. The effort they put into creating a romantic atmosphere for my finace to propose was unforgetable. The staff could not do enough for you. Although, If guests are looking for a large room, thatn hotel 41 is not for you. All in all i would definately return to hotel 41 and have recommended it to all my friends and family already. It was beautiful!Charlotte - Birmingham	
Feb 17 2009 	Best stay in a city	Following the other comments, I must say that our stay in Hotel 41 was perfect. The staff was wonderful and helpful, nice and attentionate. We were there for St Valentine and everything was made to let us have a cosy and romantic stay. The room with the fireplace was perfect, the bathroom was beautiful and we felt very priviliged in that hotel.	
Feb 16 2009 	Loved every bit of this hotel.	I stayed with my partner for two nights at Hotel 41 for Valentine's day and we truly had an amazing time. Our visit was a surprise for my partner and I had chosen this hotel based on the reviews on tripadvisor and other sites. The defining element in each review that captured my attention was the great staff and the attention to detail. From the moment we entered I knew that this hotel would exceed my expectations. When checking in we were offered a glass of champagne which we could drink at leisure in the nice comfortable lobby. When we entered our room we had a plate of fresh fruit waiting for us, which was a very nice detail. I also loved that there were complementary snacks available during the day, which made the hotel feel even more like home. We were upgraded to a junior suite and enjoyed our room very much. The bed was very big and comfortable. The downstairs part with a fireplace was nice to sit at with our complementary morning news paper. The bathroom was spacious and the waterpower was the strongest I ever had. Everything was thought about in detail. We just loved to stay in the room and watch the dvd’s that you could get from the reception. On Friday night after we returned from dinner we found our room emerged in candle light and had a bottle of champagne waiting and one of my favourite cd’s playing (the romantic turndown). It made the room even nicer. The service in this hotel is truly best to none. In the beginning we used the whatever/whenever button quite frequently and the staff always responded very quickly and very friendly to our requests and questions. Nothing ever seemed to be a problem. Just the little detail of being called by your name makes a lot of difference when staying in a hotel. The service at breakfast was also really nice. I truly felt that the staff was happy to help with whatever you would like to eat or drink. I travel very frequently and often stay in good hotels, so I am used to a certain level of service. However, this hotel really is of a completely different standard because of the way you are treated by the staff. It truly feels like a home away from home. I kept repeating to my partner how happy I was being in this hotel and he fully agreed. Especially if you are looking for a hotel to spend a romantic weekend in London, this is the place to go. You will not be disappointed.	
Feb 13 2009 	Hotel 41 provided an outstanding stay...	Hotel 41Incredible friendly staff and a warm welcome from the first introduction.Great service and never a stone unturned to get us what we needed.I felt like I was coming home versus a hotel room..I loved the library, the fire and sitting there at the end of the day to unwind with what has now become my favorite Pinor Noir- Galpin Peak.I can't wait to go back..best to allSandy	
Feb 9 2009 	great hotel but what is it with air conditioning?	My wife and I had a great 3 night stay at this hotel.It was when we went to bed on the first night that our only major problem emerged.Having switched off the air-conditioning in our room we could hear constant machine noise from outside. We were offered a complimentary upgrade to an executive suite at the front of the hotel which we accepted. As I suspected the machine noise came from the external unit for the hotel's air conditioning.This isn't the first time I've had an issue with this type of noise at a hotel.Ironically,the room to which we were moved was at the front of the hotel but was sufficiently well insulated to prevent traffic noise being an issue. I don't know how the hotel would have handled my complaint if it had been full. My other issue is with the cost of breakfast. It was very good but I thought the price to be too high. It is incongruous to pay for breakfast when in the evening complimentary snacks, including bread,meats,cheese,etc are laid on. Don't let the foregoing put you off. The hotel is excellent and I endorse the compliments found in other reviews. Its failings are of the type I've found in other similarly expensive hotels. Can somebody just find a way to silence air conditioning units?	
Feb 7 2009 	One of the best hotels in the world? I think so!	Just a quick review or I'll end up writing pages. 41 is quite unique and worthy of an excellent score. It had been a goal of mine to stay here for some time and now it has been achieved I can't wait to go back!Outstanding room, lounge and building. But what makes 41 so special is the amazing staff. Fulfilling the guests unexpressed wishes (along with expressed ones) seems to be their speciality.Plus the best gin and tonic ever!	
Feb 6 2009 	The Magic Bell	I was returning back from Asia on business and my girlfriend had met me at the airport. To my surprise a driver with Merc had met me and whisked me off to the 41. Never heard of the place before! Fantastic, discreet entrance which led into the most incredible luxury. Think sumptious town house, antiques, modern gadets. The room we had was superb with black &amp; white tiling bathroom - think old school mixed with modern. We have since looked at another holiday break but with our pet Jack Russell. We stumbled across the fact they are pet friendly aswell, via www.maps4pets.com and notice that their other hotels are pet friendly also. (We show dogs, so that's good news). The magic bell?They have a bell on your bedside table with a notice saying: &quot; Anything, Anytime.&quot; How cool is that? I wanted to find out the result to a horserace, and they phoned me back with the answer almost straight away.	
Feb 5 2009	A Little Gem	The little simple door set on the pavement , leads to what can only be described as, a perfect heavenly cocoon. You realy do not come across this kind of standard in the UK, it is normally associated with the Far East.. Everyone seems to mention the staff, and we can confirm they are absolutely fantastic, taking a real sincere care in your requirements and needs. It is such a pleasure in seeing a young and vibrant team working to such very high standards. Its worth going just to meet the staff.The hotel without question will meet all your requirements with a ease that seems so simple.We stay in London for long weekends about 3 times a year, now we have stayed here, we could not imagine staying anywere else.It is a little pricey but trust us it realy is worth that little extra.Thankyou to everyone. A Fab time.	
Feb 3 2009 	Lived up to the Reviews	Great hotel for relaxation and luxury. The staff truly try to make your stay good, nothing too much trouble. There is a real culture amongst the staff of trying to make everything great.Although not cheap we got a good deal from an internet site which included breakfast on both days and VAT. We chose the 3 course meal in the hotel next door, Rubens, as our inclusive option and it was excellent. This actually made our stay in London very reasonably priced for the top class luxury we received.The food was really lovely and a cut above other hotels.Area was good for easy shopping and very close to outstanding sites in London . Convenient for the tube.	
Jan 30 2009 	Almost Perfect in Every Way	My sister and I stayed for 5 nights at the 41 to celebrate her 60th Birthday with a week of shows in January. Andrew runs a superb operation. I assume the Red Carnation Group knows what a jewel they have. As others have noted, the service is superlative –the staff takes care of every detail, and always in a friendly and unobtrusive manner. Although neither the rooms nor the bathrooms are large (our last London stay was at the Royal Horseguards--, where curiously the rooms also have a black and white motif -- and the Horseguards’ room was probably twice the size of our 41room), but the 41executive lounge (which was literally steps away from our room) became part of our vacation experience. I miss Anna (who was wonderful) serving tea there each afternoon. I don’t remember anyone commenting on the quality of the food, which matches the standard set by the 41 service. One evening we had a mango salad with fresh mint, and the mint tasted as if Andrew picked it an hour ago from his garden.It is a very special place.	
Jan 15 2009 	a perfect hotel experience... far exceeded expectations	My husband and I spent a wonderful 5 nights in the very special hotel during the last week of November 2008. We were unsure of what to expect and we were completely delighted by every experience we had at Hotel 41.The staff are the best we have encountered in 30 years of International Travel. they were effecient , unobtrusive, professional and friendly at the same time and always there. Nothing was a problem and we felt they always went the extra mile to make sure we were Ok. They would always greet us with a smile and an enquiry as to how our day had been. When we checked in, very exhausted after a long flight from Sydney, they greeted us with a comfortable chair and a glass of champagne in the magnificient reception room and made sure the whole check-in process was simple, efficient and quick. In fact it was like staying at a grand luxurious yet understated private home We then walked to our beautiful room where we were greeted by a spotlessly clean, elegant, comfortable room. Not your typical hotel room in anyway, this one , with its black and white theme had all the comforts and special touches of a home away from home. every detail is taken care of, fluffy towels, hot water bottle, the most comfortable , clean bed mattress and linen you will ever experience, clean carpet, olives and lemon in your room and complimenary water every night.It is simply too difficult to write all of the wonderful features of Hotel 41, you need to experience it for yourself. Andrew and team you are the best, please keep up the good work. Thank you for making our stay in Londen ( our 6th) perfect.	
Jan 13 2009 	Great Hotel Great Service	The Hotel 41 gets it.The facility is first class. The room was great.Location was easy.The service was the best. Staff went out of their way to help.Next trip to London we be at the 41.	
Jan 5 2009 	Superb Hotel - Great Staff 	What a superb, wonderful hotel this is.I have only written a review once before for a hotel in Spain....and it was a bad one.However Hotel 41 is just excellent, from the relaxed and personal check in, to the politeness of the staff(who after we said thank you would always reply &quot;my pleasure&quot;) which in the UK is unheard of!I am a London man so to find such a great hotel in my own back yard is heartening. usually this level of service is in seen in the Middle East or Asia but rarely in Europe.Yes its a little expensive but for a night or two special occasion it is the best you could find in London in my opinion.Thanks to all the staff for making it such a great start to the New Year....and giving us a night without the kids that we could really enjoy!!	
Dec 31 2008	Home away from home	I stay in hotels very frequently and am not normally one to write a hotel review but my 13 year old son and I stayed at 41 over Christmas 2008 and we couldn't have been happier. We were treated like family from day one and every request we made was responded to quickly and with a smile. The staff were absolutely lovely, went out of their way to accommodate our wishes and it really seemed that they enjoyed making us feel 'at home'. The decor was elegant and it was lovely to be able to 'light the fire' in the room after a cold day out. The little touches like having local SIM cards ready for us (at my request) and my son's favourite magazine along with an iPod, Wii, dvd etc in the room was unexpected. We will most definitely be back!! Thank you Andrew and your wonderful team...	
Dec 30 2008 	Great place!	Very friendly and service oriented staff. The relaxed way of check-in while sitting in comfortable arm chairs is unique. No need to hurry at all.The room was very nice and comfortable, it even had a gas fire place!A &quot;must stay there&quot; hotel when visiting London. The staff truely goes the last mile to make your stay unforgettable!Highly recommendable!	
Dec 29 2008 	Delighful Christmas Break	I booked a one-night stay for me and hubby at Hotel 41 on the strength of the superlative reviews it has received via TripAdvisor and hoped my high expectations wouldn't be dashed. Luckily my expectations were exceeded!The service we received was second to none. We were genuinely delighted that we were treated in such a friendly, accommodating and special manner without the slightest whiff of stuffiness or snootiness from all the wonderful members of staff. It was like staying with old friends. We went out for a rather indifferent dinner in Knightsbridge and just couldn't wait to come 'home' again to the 41. We made good use of the lounge facilities, including the excellent 'plunder the pantry'!We found it was the little extra touches that made the experience so cherished: ice and a tray of olives and sliced lemon in your room for your pre-dinner aperitif, a toasty hot water bottle at the bottom of the bed which we were delighted to discover upon turning in for the night. We paid extra for the romantic turndown as we fancied having champagne anyway and it was such a joy to come back to our room to the candles and rose petals adorning every surface.As we booked through Expedia, our room rate included afternoon tea and full English breakfast, which made our weekend break seem rather good value for the luxury we experienced. The room was not particularly large so I'm glad we went for the Executive King. Every inch of the hotel is decorated beautifully in a classic, timeless style that would suit any taste. The lounge was especially sumptious and welcoming.If I were to be picky, I would mention that the fireplace in our room didn't seem to work and our request for someone to have a look at it went unanswered. The TV was at an awkward angle for watching in bed and the picture was very dark with no buttons to adjust the brightness. The location isn't bad if you like walking (as we do) but if you head towards Victoria station the area becomes rather seedy. However, none of these issues marred our experience in any way.We seemed to be the only 'locals' staying at the hotel as the other guests we encountered were European or American. We felt very proud that these visitors would be leaving London with such a wonderful impression of the accommodation our capital has to offer. In all, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel and would dearly love to return in the near future.	
Dec 12 2008 	Can't wait to go back	41 is someplace that everyone should experience. Extremely attentive staff who took care of every need. We looked forward to coming back to the hotel every evening. Exquisite ambiance made even more lovely by the people who work there.We are defintely staying there on every trip to London.	
Dec 12 2008 	Both a warm and professional experience	My husband and I just stayed at the 41 Hotel in London for four nights and enjoyed a wonderful experience. We usually stay at the Capital but had heard of the many positive attributes of the 41 and wanted a change. The aesthetics encompassing the overall hotel design and culinary skills are admirable. The hotel staff is definately not the usual superficial standard of a large hotel, but that of the stature of a Relais &amp; Chateau style of affiliation. Warm, hard working and knowledgeable, they are professionally trained beyond what we have come to expect nowadays. There are many nice touches such as in the evening, ice and a small tray of olives, lemon/lime slices are left in your room in case you would like to prepare a drink. During turn down service, a floating candle is lit in the bathroom along with some soft jazz playing, a fire turned on in the small gas fireplace and the lights dimmed...not to mention the fantastic bed and plush linens.The only potential drawback if any is the gorgeous but small public area which does not provide any privacy. Also, the &quot;plunder the pantry&quot; idea is a nice one, however somewhat confusing. The clientele is upscale and relaxed, but most of us were perplexed (and embarassed to ask) about the set up in general. The hotel and food prices are very high and most items in the &quot;pantry&quot; including water, soft drinks and the like are not gratis as is standard in concierge spaces. Management would be smart to rethink this as it slightly cheapens their overall 5 star service. This is a small but important factor.	
Dec 8 2008 	what a wonderful place	We have just returned from a weekend at this hotel. We have stayed at many hotels when visiting London, but this has got to be our favourite.It is a peaceful place to relax and spend some quality time with family or friends.The staff are great. The breakfast delicious and the attention to detail first class.	
Dec 7 2008 	Simply perfect !	I spend 4 nights in this hotel and I have to say that was perfect ! Beautiful and comfortable rooms, kind and professional staff, good atmosphere in the middle of Lindon. Like a peaceful island in the sea. I can recommend for everybody who really likes the good places. (Antoinette, thank you for your kind help when I was in trouble !) Mónika from Hungary	
Nov 27 2008 	A Hidden Gem	Trust me.................this hotel is absolutely wonderful. Mainly because of my job (rather than my wallet!!), I am very well travelled and looked after, but can honestly say that the 41 Hotel is up there with the very best. Wonderful, caring staff - you don't get the insincere &quot;in your face&quot; bowing and scraping that is often associated with 5 Star Hotels here. Without exception, these guys are genuinely eager to please and appear to really enjoy their work environment and take great pride in their hotel and the facilities on offer. Also discreet, but always around if needed and treated my wife and I as privileged guests from the moment we arrived. Drinks on the house during check in were a nice touch and most welcome after a 2 hour journey from the South Coast.The room was ultra clean (I'm an extremely fussy git!!) and the turn down service is well worth paying for. After watching the Billy Elliot Saturday matinee (this is a brilliant show by the way), we ate out at La Famiglia in Chelsea in the evening (don't bother going here, it's expensive and over-rated), so wasn't hungry on getting back to the hotel, but still couldn't resist the free supper and the &quot;honesty book&quot; drinks that are available every night in the Executive Lounge. All in all a truly superb experience and credit crunch allowing I would not want to stay anywhere else in future trips to London. One more tip if I may.................go see La Clique at the Hippodrome Leicester Square if you can. This was marvellous entertainment at a great venue and finish off a great evening at the Joy King Lau Chinese restaurant just down the road in Leicester Street. This was recommended to me by a Chinese friend and it was full of Chinese couples and families on the Sunday night (always a good sign) and it didn't disappoint. My wife and I had a wonderful weekend - Billy Elliot and La Famiglia on the Saturday followed by the London Duck tour (brilliant!), the London Eye, La Clique and Joy King Lau on the Sunday. But thanks mainly to the 41 Hotel, I now have enough bonus points from the wife to last me a lifetime! We can't wait to go back.	
Nov 25 2008 	Wonderful Staff	From the minute we arrived the service was wonderful. Whilst checking in, we were offered a glass of wine and then we were shown our room. Not the biggest room we have stayed in (Paris can beat that hands down) but there was everything we could possibly have needed. Spotless and very comfortable!Within walking distance of Buckingham Palace and theatres it was very nice to just stroll around and not have to look for a taxi. The Victoria theatre was a five minute walk where we saw Billy Elliot.....Fantastic. A stroll home afterwards to a nice cosy lounge and a nightcap! :o) Breakfasts were excellent! No need for lunch as we strolled around sightseeing. It almost felt like we had stayed there before as we felt so welcomed and we will definitely stay there again!!!	
Nov 24 2008 	A special place	We stayed at 41 on a Saturday night for my partner's birthday treat. This is the second time we have been. We couldn't have chosen better- the service is 2nd to none. The staff are wonderful and cannot do enough to help make your stay special.The rooms, whilst not huge, are beautifully decorated and fitted out in black and white- very stylish. Our room had a working fireplace which made it feel so homely.The bathroom has a huge shower above the bath, another separate shower and luxury toiletries which smell gorgeous.We booked the romantic turndown and returned to our room to find flickering candles, rose petals, the fire blazing, massage oil and champagne. Absolute bliss!The breakfast is unbelievable, very tasty and loads of choice. The orange juice is freshly squeezed, the coffee excellent.The location is great, about 3 mins walk from Victoria station and at the front of the hotel, overlooks the Royal Mews. Buckingham Palace is less than 5 mins walk up the road.We had one problem during the night when an extractor fan above our room became faulty and woke us up making a horrendous noise. We contacted reception and within 20 mins it had been fixed. We were offered a glass of champagine each as an apology. As it was 1am we declined, but it was a lovely offer. We also had another apology from Antoinette in the morning. These things happen, and we understand that, but the staff dealt with the problem without fuss.So, in summary, if you are looking for somewhere special, this is the place. Not cheap, but worth the money, it will certainly be the place we go to for a treat, even if it means working overtime!	
Nov 24 2008 	One of the finest hotels I have stayed in	There are not enough superlatives to describe this hotel. I don't think they have forgotten anything.I have stayed at other Carnation Hotels before and they are all superb and the service is 100%As an ex Hotel Representative and Travel Agent, I'm fussy and used to five star hotels - the 41 should be a 6 star or more	
Nov 10 2008 	The No1 Boutique Hotel in London	From start to finish this Hotel was a pleasure to stay in. On arrival we took the lift to the check in desk where we were met by friendly and warm staff.Our room was upgraded free of charge to a split level suite, which was being made ready as we arrived. To pass the time we had afternoon Tea in the lounge, by the fire place accompanied with a couple of glasses of Champagne.Once ready we were shown to our room, which had the wow factor and every possible luxury. The room was clean and had plenty of space including a massive bed and an ensuite bathroom with two showers.In the lounge is a bar which has a range of complimentary drinks and snacks as well as a help yourself honesty system if you wanted something stronger.All in all a great stay and had the feel of a home from home so we will definately be back in the new year to celerbrate something else.	
Nov 2 2008 	Indiviual attention	This fifth floor boutique hotel attached to the Rueban Hotel is well worth the price. A fine executive lounge, private elevator and attentive staff offer a great value in London. The hotel's restaurants and lounges offer quality food and drinks. We will return.	
Nov 1 2008	Very poor service for a 5 star hotel	This hotel has many positive attributes that you can find by reading other reviews on this site. It is beautiful, has a refined atmosphere, and is in an excellent location. The reason I gave Hotel 41 such a poor review has to do with service. After checking out and arriving back in the United States in late July 2008, my wife realized that she left behind a pair of shorts. We called Hotel 41 staff two times and e-mailed them three times. On three separate occasions in September and early October, staff members e-mailed my wife that the shorts were being sent in the mail from London to the United States. The shorts have not arrived as of early November. Obviously, the shorts are not being sent to us even though three separate assurances were made that the shorts would be sent. I realize this is not monumental, but in general, first class hotels are rated as such because of excellent service (in addition to well above average amenities). Please judge for yourself if this is first class service.	
Oct 28 2008 	Extremely Attentive Staff	We went to Hotel 41 for the first two nights of our Honeymoon before flying. Had a lovely stay, the hotel is everything you would expect of a 5 star London Hotel. We booked through the Hotel Website, which offered a slightly better deal that some of the hotel booking websites.The building is wonderful, the entrance is right next door to the Rubens Hotel – very discrete entrance, quite easy to miss, many of the cab drivers did not know the hotel, so ask for the Rubens…The receptionist gave an extremely warm welcome and even champagne on arrival – which was a nice touch to begin our honeymoon, she also arranged for candles and rose petals in the room upon our return from dinner – which again was fabulous!Overall staff were extremely attentive and nothing was too much trouble for them…Just a few minor niggles…. We learned that you need to put the Do Not Disturb sign on your door, otherwise you will be interrupted in the evening – the electronic do not disturb sign did not appear to work in our room, neither the desk lamp.At check-in we were offered the opportunity to upgrade our room, at a reduced price – which we took. Whilst the bed was huge, we felt the room to be a little cramped, it was difficult to pass between the bed and the desk – it would have been interesting to see a how much smaller our original room was.A small bar area was provided in the room, which was cramped, possibly better to leave it with the sofa and table, to give the room a more spacious feel…Our tea cups were removed in the evening and not returned for our early morning tea – additionally, tea bags were not replenished at all during our stay.The other issue, was we were disturbed by the occupants of the room next to us (I fully appreciate that this is totally out of the hotels control) – however they had a rather squeaky bed….Overall a great stay.. with some wonderful touches… especially “Plunder the Pantry”…	
Oct 21 2008 	top notch in the capital	Our stay at Hotel 41 was a delight, from the time we walked in the front entrance to our departure. All the staff were very polite, attentive and seemed to take genuine pleasure in meeting all our needs and indeed, exceeding our expectations with all the special touches that made our stay memorable. The rooms were of the highest standard and the attention to detail in ensuring our comfort was delightful. We went to celebrate my fortieth birthday and will remember hotel 41 for all the right reasons for many years to come. We wil definately be returning in the future and have no hesitation in recommending this haven to others!	
Oct 2 2008 	Ab fab!!	If you are thinking about staying at this hotel, stop thinking and just do it because there is no way you will be disappointed! I would agree with a previous reviewer that booking through the hotel website will most likely give you the best deal. There are various tempting packages on offer. We stayed in an executive room and had complimentary wireless internet and english breakfast included. The staff were very attentive and polite, without being stuffy. I was a bit dubious about the compact communal lounge area, but as the hotel doesnot seem to encourage access to non-residents, this area serves its multiple functions very well. I am absolutely besotted with this hotel and thoroughly recommend it to anyone who wants a personalised hotel experience, and not made to feel like just another paying guest.	
Oct 1 2008 	Wonderful Hotel but Sneaky Charges - Watch your Bill at Check Out	I had a wonderful experience at this hotel for my first and only stay. The registration process was easy and pleasant. The lobby and rooms was above expectations. However, when I checked out I noticed all these extra charges. For example, when I registered they offered me a glass of champagne but when offered a refill they failed to explain that it would cost $30. Later on I was in the lobby and was offered a glass of wine. I found on my bill that I was charged over $25 for that glass of wine. The continental breakfast in the lobby which was explained to be part of the room price was $50. None of these charges had signed receipts with them either. When I disputed the charge when I left they acted like I made the mistake and no one else seems to complain about it. After further polite protests, I decided to take my complaints to Centurion Amex Travel who booked it so they can at least note it as I am noting here as well. My issues were not resolved with the hotel even after requesting a call from the manager. If it wasn't for the sneaky charges, I would've been able to say it was a perfect 5.0 experience.	
Sep 24 2008 	The nicest staff at the 41 and true 5 star quality service	I travel a lot with my 18 months old daugher and we always stay at 5 star hotels. Because of that, we are used to good treatment and at least something resembling true luxury. I booked the 41 hotel in London through LuxuryLink and got a good deal on our stay, so I expected a somewhat lukewarm approach upon arrival, but my fears were completely ungrounded. Everybody at the hotel was incredibly welcoming and by the third day, I was looking forward to going &quot;home&quot; (the hotel) in the evening and have a tea at the fireplace. Despite the extra work my little daughter presented the staff with, nobody was ever dismissive or impatient with us; from the wonderful waiters to &quot;Uncle Andrew&quot; (the resident manager of the hotel, Andrew Gortchacow, who could not have been more perfect in any way - ever so kind and professional, he even went down to the store one night to buy a pacifier for my daughter!), everbody did their absolute best to make my stay with a toddler enjoyable. The food was good, the rooms were lovely, I liked the design and all the late night snacks we were provided with (such as olives and a fruit basket every evening); and, the location is excellent as well, the hotel being practically opposite Buckingham Palace. The hotel did a great job on booking us tours and helpings us with suggestions for sightseeing, and the staff even packed us a free lunch basket when we left for our trip (full of fruits and other snacks, things my daughter preferred to eat). All in all, this is a hotel best suited for people who want luxury but also a relaxed, romantic, super friendly atmosphere, along with a very well trained, accomodating staff. Thank you everyone at the 41 for making my birthday this year truly special - I can hardly wait to go back!	
Sep 15 2008 	I'll never forget London!!!!	I visited London for the very first time in March 2008 and only stayed for four days and three nights. I'm soooo thankful I chose to go with a friend's reccomendation and stayed at Hotel 41. The experience was unforgettable and a large part had to do with the fabulous staff whom were all attentive to our every need in a non-smothering way. They were all very cordial and knowledgable about their city, eventhough 70% of them were born and raised in other countries outside of the UK. If we asked them a question that they didn't know the answer to, they told us they would get back to us, and they always did, with the right answer! Not to mention, most the staff is comprised of young people in their early to mid-twenties and yet they were so refined and cordial you would have easily suspected they were long time veterans in the hotel industry. Room service was great, the location is great (right behind Buckingham Palace) and the staff is wonderful!!! My next trip to London will definitely include a stay at Hotel 41.	
Sep 15 2008 	Great Stay	My wife and I stayed at the Hotel 41 for four days in late August 2008 after completing a 2 week European cruise. The hotel was delightful with a gracious staff. I particularly liked the exclusivity of the hotel. It was a great ending to our 3 week European vacation. I would certainly stay again next time Im in London.	
Sep 3 2008 	Amazing	I can not speak highly enough about the staff or the hotel itself. Upon arrival they gave us a glass of Champagne and we sat in the lounge while the finshing touches were done to the room. I asked for the 'romantic turndown' to be done for arrival and this was excellent......rose petals all over the room, fire place, more champagne and candles. The room itself was great with a massive bed and the bathroom had a wonderful shower as well as a bath. You get a feeling of real modern luxury with the black and white theme. The hotel is only a 3 minute walk to the tube station and right next door to buckingham palace.We had breakfast in the morning which was included in the package and was again excellent.I would suggest booking directly through the hotel website as they seem to offer the best rates. All in all a great experience and an excellent hotel for couples.	
Aug 27 2008 	Very good but slightly uneven	So it's hard for me with this one, because I definitely would echo the sentiments of other reviewers in stating that for the most part the experience here was awesome. However, there was some slight uneveness when it came to the stay. There were some slight issues with the room that didn't detract from our experience since we're not fussy, but were a bit of a surprise and worth mentioning since it wasn't just one thing. The safe didn't work, the luggage stand was broken, the sink didn't drain very well, the TV remote had anemic batteries, and some other such minor annoyances. The room otherwise was lovely and unique. The service in general was outstanding, in particular Andrew. However, there was some unevenness here. We arrived on a flight from the US early in the morning, and our room was not yet vacated or ready. No problem, not the hotel's fault as check in isn't until 3pm. We did a little sightseeing and came back at noon. We were told that the room was vacated and was being serviced at that moment. We were told that it would be ready in 15 to 20 minutes, so we sat in the beautiful lobby lounge and waited. We weren't re-approached to be led to our room until one hour later. Don't get me wrong, I'm not complaining since this was before check-in still, but I found it strange to be told 15-20 minutes and then have it be an hour. Then we were led to the wrong room on the opposite of the hotel from our room first before being led to the correct room. When we got to the room, I requested bags to be brought up by the porter twice before it was finally delivered 35 minutes after the first request, too long I felt for a small hotel. And we were missing a bag that the porter could not find on a couple of additional tries until I went down personally to the bag check room to show him which bag it was.The location of the hotel is great, in a quiet area, yet adjacent to Buckingham Palace. So, don't get me wrong, I would definitely stay here again and would recommend others to stay here, I'm simply pointing out the unevenness of some things.	
Aug 21 2008 	Faultless!	We spent 5 wonderful days in London in August 2008, and Hotel 41 helped make the visit out of this world. The hotel is well situated very close to Buckingham Palace, and an easy walk to Trafalgar Square and on to Covent Garden and the West End. It is also only a couple of minutes walk from Victoria Station.The Hotel is almost invisible from outside (we asked cab drivers to take us to the Rubens Hotel, Hotel 41's sister hotel, which is right next door).You could not be made to feel more welcome. The &quot;whatever, whenever&quot; button on the room phone reflects the hotel staff's willingness to make your stay as perfect as possible. The rooms are well equipped with iPod docking stations and a series of complimentary extras are offered on the hotel website, including a choice of pillow types.The executive lounge is wonderfully decorated and the larder is stocked with delicious complimentary snacks.Don't get me wrong, the rates at the hotel are by no means the cheapest you will find in London - but if you are looking for that special get-away, you won't go wrong with Hotel 41.	
Aug 20 2008 	A little gem	My stay at 41 was short but was certainly long enough for this boutique hotel to make a huge impact on me. The staff are attentive, welcoming, friendly and at all times professional, nothing is too much trouble. On arrival I was given a warm welcome and shown around the hotel, the decor is tasteful which much attention to detail. The lounge area is welcoming, stocked with complimentary snacks and a well stocked honesty bar. I was taken to my room, again beautifully decorated and scrupulously clean with a huge bed dressed in crisp white sheets and sumptious bedding. 41 has a whatever/whenever policy and there is even a 'whatever/whenever' button on the phone in the bedroom. As a femail travelling alone I felt I was in safe surroundings and was well looked after, when I returned from my evening out I found my bed had been turned down and candles had been placed in my bathroom. The attention to detail at 41 is second to none and I look forward to my next visit.	
Aug 17 2008 	Luxurious retreat with private club atmosphere	I simply have nothing bad to say about this wonderful hotel with a fantastic location. We went for the romantic turndown service (which I highly recommend if you want to impress someone special) which was immaculatly executed with champagne, rose petals, candle light and a roaring real fire - truely 'Wow'. They have so many exceptional complimentry services available I simply can't list them all here, and the service and staff were wonderful. Second to none.	
Aug 11 2008	Wonderful Property	I stayed at the Hotel 41 with a friend of mine and we were extremely happy with the hotel itself, the design of it and the staff. All around friendly people, the check in staff greeted us with a glass of champagne and allowed us to use their hospitality suite while waiting for our room, which was very helpful! The room was considerably large for London and the rain shower was fantastic. We didn't have time to enjoy breakfast the next morning, due to a very early flight home, so the hotel sent up some early morning coffee on the house. We can definitely recommend this hotel for any trip to London! 100% fantastic service!!	
Aug 4 2008 	Incredible Hotel 	I recently stayed at Hotel 41 with my mum for a 'special' Birthday (we made a weekend of it) and had simply the most fantastic stay. The staff are so welcoming and helpful I can't recommend it enough. The Executive Lounge is beautifully decorated and has snacks and drinks on hand, an honesty bar (lovely selection of champagne if you fancy a glass, or two…) and they serve the best Earl Grey tea I've had in a long time - you hardly want to leave the tranquility of the place and face the hustle and bustle of London - Mum and I were quite happy sitting in there chatting to the friendly staff and flicking through 'coffee table' books. It's also nice to have your own secure private entrance to the hotel - no queueing to check in/out etc.Our room was decorated in a tasteful black and white style with lots of unique pieces, not just the standard hotel stuff - they have actually put some thought into the ornaments, lamps and pictures so it's very inviting and has a home-from-home feel (if only my home was actually like that!). -oh and spacious rooms which is a rareity in central London. Well insulated walls &amp; windows so it's very quiet day &amp; night, air conditioned (thankfully as it was very humid when we were there - such bliss to kick your shoes off and relax - in a cool room with comfy hotel slippers and a choice of bathrobes too! (fluffy toweling or waffle)They seem to have thought of everything you could want (and probably didn't even know you wanted!) - a choice of 12 pillows from the &quot;pillow menu&quot; and lots of little extras that you can ask for (scented candles, face wipes, moisturisers) - nothing seemed any trouble at all, they even pointed out that the telephone had a button called &quot;whatever, whenever&quot; ( no need to search the literature to find out where you're supposed to dial).The staff are extremely customer focused and really do go the extra mile(s) here and make it seem so effortless. They left a beautiful birthday cake in the room for mum and a card for her - she was so touched and it made for an extra special stay. By pressing “whatever/whenever” the leftover cake we didn’t manage was quickly wrapped up so we could take it away and eat later, well you wouldn’t want to leave something that nice to waste.Once we'd checked out they kept our luggage there all day, lent us an umbrella (if only the UK weather was reliable!), and when we returned (from a hot, sticky, stressful tube journey) were invited in for a cup of tea in the lounge before we continued home - I know some relatives who wouldn't even make us feel that welcome!I just wish we’d stayed longer and will definitely be returning. Happy to give advice to others thinking of staying here – my advice: do it now, you won’t regret it, I simply can't sing it's praises enough.	
Aug 1 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	There is no reason why this hotel should not be ranked #1 - it is a fantastic gem. My wife and I were in London celebrating (coincidentally) my 41st birthday and booked three nights at Hotel 41. Located close to all central London attractions as well as an open-top bus tour stop, Hotel 41 is nearly a perfect property.From the moment we arrived were treated exceptionally well. The staff went out of their way to assist us with tour bookings, dinner reservations, taxis, etc. They even sent a delicious cake to our room in honor of my birthday. Fresh fruit and other snacks were also in abundant supply. The room was wonderful; large by European standards with a very comfortable king size bed, small desk, and sofa. Free wireless was a plus. Complaints? Other than the lack of outlets in the bathroom (according to my wife, a necessity) I can't think of a thing that is wrong with this lovely hotel. We will certainly stay there again.	
Jul 28 2008 	Personalized Service in London!	Centrally located on Buckingham Palace Road the Hotel 41 is a very comfortable, well appointed boutique hotel. Top attributes: incredibly helpful staff, relaxing environment, and top notch service! Highly recommend it.	
Jul 27 2008 	Luxurious stay at Hotel 41	My wife and I stayed at the hotel in May to celebrate our 25th wedding anniversary. The room was excellent and had the most comfortable beds we have ever slept in. All staff were excellent, friendly and very attentive. They were always willing to assist in any way they could. On our first night's stay we arrived back at the room to find rose petals scattered around the room and bath, together with numerous lit candles. Chocalate covered strawberries had also been provided. These were really lovely touches given that it was our silver wedding anniversary. It just demonstrated how thoughtful and caring they are in looking after their guests. We ate at Reubens Library restaurant next door and were equally well looked after.We would recommend both to anyone.	
Jul 21 2008 	wanted to move in and live there forever	well, I was staying at the Sheraton Park Lane (total dump, btw) and searched for a cool boutique hotel. This tiny gem is nestled on the fifth floor and next door to the Ruebens Hotel. To say it was nirvana is the understatement of the world. I had this amazing black and white adorable room, superb linens, a heated floor and a heated towel rack in the bathroom (as well as a flatscreen television.) I was so in love with the hotel that I did not even want to go see the sights of London, just wanted to curl up with the body pillow they brought me and listen to my tunes on my Bose sound deck. Feel free to contact me. I cannot even rave enough (oh and free snacks all day long...)truly delightful and wonderful. You will love it.	
Jul 20 2008 	Liked it and would return.	Great hotel and very good location. Free food around the clock -- they keep snacks out all day long. Small, but nicely appointed rooms. The hotel is a boutique with only one floor. Check-in, lounge and dining are all the same general area, which is not the norm. But the service is great. Very individualized attention if you like that sort of thing. We've stayed twice and would probably return again.	
Jul 11 2008 	Be Careful	Hotel 41 is a very beautiful property, directly across from the Mews at Bckingham Palace. The property is small with very attentive staffing. BE CAREFUL _ breakfast was 20 pounds which is $40 for cereal, fruit, yogurt, and some cold meats. We were under the impression it was included after reading the reviews and also an article they had on display in the lounge. We brought this to their attention but they staunchly refused to reduce the cost which was disappointing. They told us the article was 'older' I suggested they remove it. The rooms are very expensive and therefore I believe the breakfast should have been included. Check out the Ruben - which is the same building - using different floors, and less expensive.	
Jul 2 2008 	What a gem!!	I cannot recommend this hotel enough. The staff were very courteous, friendly and seemed genuinely interested in each guest. They remembered earlier conversations and picked up on them later.We arrived early afternoon &amp; so our room was not ready(checkout is not until noon); we were offered a glass of champagne &amp; were happy to pass a plesant hour in the lounge reading the paapers.We had a room overlooking the palace (and would strongly recommend that you request this). It was pristine and, although the decor was black and whire, it was a warm and inviting room. The lighting system was unfathomable as the bathroom light that we'd turned off when we went to bed was mirculously on the following morning. This is by no means a criticism as the mood lighting was excellent - just an observation and a challenge to crack!Nothing was too much trouble and often the staff outnumbered the guests in the &quot;executive lounge&quot; .We stayed for the weekend of the concerts in Hyde Park and made full use of the &quot;butler's pantry&quot; when returning each evening. The spread was superb; meat,cheese, fish and shell fish, followed by fresh fruit. With a large glass of red wine from the honesty bar this made for a perfect end to a perfect evening!The continental breakfast was magnificant; simple but first class in every way.Andrew, the manager, went out of his way to make guests feel welcome, in a quiet gentle way - he never appeared hurried and seemed to be on duty from dawn until midnight!Yes, it is expensive, but it is very special and I will return as soon as funds allow.	
Jun 16 2008 	Great Hotel	What a nice hotel, very central to eveything. We were treated like king and queens. I would reccomend this hotel to anyone traveling from the US.We will be back	
Jun 14 2008 	Won't stay anywhere in london but here	We had a 2 night stay here at the end of our 3 week europe trip and it was probably our favorite hotel of the trip. Upon arrival we were met by the head concierge and taken upstairs to the lounge to check in to our room. We were met by 2 other staff members who offered us champagne and asked if they could help us find our way around the city.After we checked in we were taken through a very cool, but very narrow hallway to our room. The room itself was one of the coolest rooms i've stayed in. The living room was very small but had a table for 4. In the living room there was a small, narrow set of stairs that led up to the bedroom. The bedroom itself was very spacious and the glass ceiling was amazing. Falling asleep under the stars right in the middle of london was incredible. The bathroom was great too, a huge jacuzzi and rainfall shower were both taken advantage by me and my fiancee. We were only at the hotel for 2 nights but I already know where I'm staying during my next trip to london.	
Jun 4 2008 	Fantastic Experience!	My husband and I stayed for a couple nights in London after our trip to Paris and had a wonderful stay. The staff is very attentive and they tend to your every need. My husband needed a band aid and with in virtually seconds they were at our room with several band aid options!The room was nicely decorated - lots of attention to detail. We had booked the Romance Package and when we got home from a night out our room was sprinkled with rose petals, soft music, massage oil and candles. It was so beautiful and a lovely way to end the evening!You do at times feel more like you are at home rather than in a hotel. The Executive Lounge is a wonderful place to sip a glass of champagne, read a magazine and relax outside of your hotel room.The location was great - we walked most places since the weather was nice. You can virtually get anywhere in just a few minutes via cab.If you are looking for a flawless experience stay here.	
May 31 2008 	Good alternative for the more established 5-star hotels in London	The reviews on Tripadvsior were the main reason for us (usually staying at Claridges), choosing this hotel for our short stay in London.First of all, the taxidriver had a hard time finding this hotel. (Ask for the Rubens Hotel which is located next door).Having found the front door, a friendly welcome awaites you entering the small lobby of this hotel. An elevator takes you to the fifth floor where you walk through some narrow corridors before entering the lounge (beuatifully decorated). Very personalised welcome and we believe the other reviewers wehen saying that this place is or can be a home away from home.Only one remark; the Executive Double room we booked is really quite (say too) small for a hotel of this standing. Really everything (and I mean EVERYTHING up to the last detail) you need is in there and the room again is beautifully decorated (mainly in black and white), but one hardly can turn is this room of let's say max 15m2. If you're with your partner, do not start walking around in this room the same time; you keep on bumping into eachother. The size of the bathroom was even worse. However, a nice change to the more established 5-star hotels in London. The staff are great and the Romantic Turndown service we got was most attentive. Roseleaves everywhere and some 20 candles burning. Great surprise.We'll be back (but will book a suite next time)	
May 28 2008 	great time	Stayed here for a short break. Fantastic place! Clean, cosey, well mannered staff and loverly food.	
May 26 2008 	AMAZING service and location!	I arrived at this hotel based on the reviews of Trip Advisor, and it surpassed my expectations.First of all, it is a tiny hotel that is hard to find. The taxi driver went up and down the street until he decided to call and find out where it was. So, if you go, tell the driver it's next to The Rubens (The Rubens at the Palace) and you will avoid him a lot of turns :-)The hotel is located on the second floor, so when you come in, the concierge (young and very knowledgeable) greets you and calls somebody to accompany you to the reception. This was incredible. The attention to detail, the politeness of the staff, the courtesy....In the hall they have a container with apples, so if you are EVER hungry at night (like I was) and feel like having a snack, you can always go out and help yourself. In the evening they also have drinks and snacks at the library, but I can't comment on that since I didn't attend.The hotel is *very* cozy. The decoration is classic in the library, but the rooms have a nice contemporary style. Everything they do is to make you feel very comfortable. The registration process was painless, they brought me juice while I was filling out some papers, and then they showed me to my room.The room was a surprise. Beautiful, and full of wonderful details that made my stay extremely enjoyable. First, a little blanket that seemed to decorate the bed, but that I could also use to cover while I took a nap. At night, when they went to turn down the bed, they would light a candle that looked very romantic and showed that they cared about my well being (it gave a sensation of peace). There was also a small spray bottle that I could use on my pillow to help me relax and sleep better. Wow....! Breakfast was excellent. There was variety and the food was fresh. The staff was sooooo friendly, you never felt at a hotel! It was like being at a friend's house, almost with family.Internet was also provided above the &quot;library&quot; (the place where everything happened), and they had games and books you could borrow if you felt like enjoying your afternoon &quot;at home&quot;.Now, what I liked the MOST (besides the service that beat the hotel in Dubai).... the button on the phone that read: WHATEVER WHENEVER. This was for ANYTHING you might need. Absolutely incredible. They got me tickets to the theater (great seats!), directed me to the stores I wanted to visit, a casino.... WHATEVER, whenever. They said it and they meant it.You can't go wrong with this hotel. I've been to London several times and NOTHING compares to this service. In addition, the location is great and the room is very very comfortable.If you have any questions, ask! But I'll tell you that WHENEVER I go to London, this is the place where I'll stay!!!!!!Congratulations and THANK YOU to the staff!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
May 19 2008 	Fantastic chic and cosy!	It was a toss up between the Marriott County Hall or 41 Hotel for our weekend in London to celebrate my birthday and I am so glad we chose the 41 Hotel! Firstly, the location was superb - just a short 3 minutes walk from the Victoria tube station and a stone's throw from Buckingham Palace. A great way to start your sightseeing tour of London. The sightseeing tour buses also stop right outside the hotel for you to hop off after a day of sightseeing. The service at 41 Hotel was impeccable (and I am rather hard to please!). The staff are proactive and genuinely interested in their guests, going the extra mile to make you feel special. It was my birthday on the day we checked in and the hotel arranged for a cake in the room as a surprise. A really nice touch. Upon check out, knowing that we have a long drive ahead of us, the staff rushed to pack us fruits, pastries and chocolates for our journey home. The hotel's turn down service was second to none. When we got back to our room after a long day, classical music was playing, chocolates waiting on our bed and the next day's weather forecast was all ready on the bed for you to start the next day. Try to also get breakfast included in your room rate, as you can choose from a full english breakfast or waffles, bagels etc to fuel your energy tank for a day of walking around London. The only gripe that I have is that the hotel is easy to miss, if you are driving. Just look out for the Reuben's along Buckingham Palace road and there is a 41 flag (rather inconspicuous!) next to it. The concierge at the Reuben's will park it for you for approx 28 pounds per day, excluding the congestion charge. Will not hesitate to stay at this hotel again. In fact, cant wait to return! PS: for smokers, they only have one smoking room in the entire hotel. So do indicate way in advance if you really need a smoking room as the entire hotel is non smoking.	
May 19 2008 	The best hotel for a dream weekend in London	Every time I go for a week-end in London, I stay in the Chesterfield Mayfair Hotel. This time my choice was for the 41 Hotel because I saw a lot of good reviews and positive pictures on the tripadvisor. To make my reservation I used the hotel website and had a very good internet rate discount.The first good thing when you enter this hotel is the reception : they give you a complimentary wine or champagne and you just relax before going to your room. The second thing is the room (the cocoon ?) : the executive room was absolutely amazing ! the decor, the atmosphere, the fire place, the king bed, the tv, the bathroom and all the details were just charming.As soon as I tried the bed, I just fall asleep... The temperature of the room is perfect, the room more than clean, I find french news paper &quot;le monde&quot; and the staff was great all time.Every time you need something, you just have to push the &quot;whatever/Whenever&quot; button and you have what you need.The weekend with my Fiance was so romantic and so relax in this Hotel and I recommend it to everyone.It's my preferred hotel in London and I will continue to go in everytime.	
May 11 2008 	awesome	We spent three nights at 41 and the experience was beyond best expectations. Hotel and the staff were so good, that instead of queuing to sights and musicals we spent lovely evenings in our room.When planning our next trip we will check if there is this groups hotel near somewhere.. or decide to travel to a place where is a Red Carnation hotel.	
May 6 2008 	Hotel 41- home away from home.	My wife and I have just returned from a European cruise holiday which started in great style at Hotel 41, Buckingham Palace Road, London. We had a splendid time in London, due in no small part to the excellent service and friendly staff at 41. They spent much time getting us a reservation in a restaurant we particularly wanted to try. All the result of a simple enquiry we made. The hotel is very cosy and welcoming. The breakfasts and snacks were well presented and more than adequate. The soy milk capuccinos that were concocted for my wife have been mentioned to anyone who has asked about our London stay.The decor is old worldly but concurrently modern with the black and white theme. Our room was comfortable and the bed (with multiple pillows) inviting.The bathroom was very well equipped and spacious. DVDs were available in addition to the TV.The internet is freely available and conveniently located in the Business Lounge section. The hotel's location is excellent and a quick taxi ride from everything. Buckingham Palace and Westminster are only a brisk walk away.We will gladly return to Hotel 41 and would advise anyone to try it out. The small premium in price compared to some other Hotels of a lower standard melts into insignificance when the overall service and convenience provided by Hotel 41 is factored in.Thanks to the staff for a very pleasant 3 night stay.	
May 1 2008 	Sleeping on a cloud	My husband and I recently visited London and stayed at this lovely botique hotel for a return visit. The experience was even better than our first stay, we were welcomed as if we were returning to our home. The staff is wonderfully attentive, without being cloying, a welcome drink is served in the lounge, where you can totally relax by the fire, or use the business center to catch up on e mails etc. The lounge also serves tasty canapes in the early evening. The staff is truly able to obtain a reservation at most any place you wish to dine, or show you wish to see; and it is made clear that it is truly is their pleasure to help you. The location of the hotel puts you in an easy walk or cab ride to everything.The room are lovely always with a delicious fruit tray upon arrival and but the really exceptional features are the beds. It is the best sleep and rest I have ever had while travelling!!!! The sheets and linnens are cloud - like. The baths are exceptional containing everything you need to complete a restful stay. I am looking forward to another return visit	
Apr 16 2008 	Exemplary Accommodations 	London was the final destination of our trip before returning home to the U.S. This was a casual business trip taken by my wife and I along with two employees. We were met with an attitude of sincere graciousness and hospitality. The hotel staff was friendly and eager to assist no matter the question or challenge we posed to them. The overall atmosphere was top notch and the rooms were outstanding. The private lounge was a very relaxing rallying point for our group that provided for conversation and/or access to high speed internet. I honestly cannot think of a single constructive criticism that would contribute to this company's performance. We will be back and encourage others to enjoy the experience whether in London for business or pleasure.	
Apr 16 2008 	Definitely lived up to lofty expectations.	Having read previous reviews before the trip, I wondered if Hotel 41 could be as exceptional as described. I am happy to say that it deserves all the praise and high ratings. The room was as expected, very comfortable and tastefully appointed. The bed was heaven at the end of a long day. I would have liked free internet access in the room, but the business center is very convenient and was always available. The housekeeping staff does a great job of making sure that you'll miss your hotel room once you've returned home.What sets this hotel apart is the staff. They are a superb group that caters to all your needs. Everyone was friendly without feeling forced.The location isn't perfect for late night activities as it's pretty quiet on buckingham palace road after dark. But at the same time, it's probably the safest place you can be in all of London. Everything is just a short walk away and, with Victoria tube station just around the corner, whatever you can't walk to is easily reached by the underground in minutes.	
Mar 31 2008 	Excellent	We always stay in 4 or 5 star hotels and have done for many years.This hotel is beautiful , small , homely, old English gentelmens club.Our room was beautifully decorated in black and white and the bed and pillows were wonderful.They had everything and more than you need in the room. The bathroom was beautiful , the staff genuinely friendly and very knowledgable and all very well groomed.The breakfast room was great, we also had a quick room service meal on our arrival which was wonderful.The location is great just behind Buckingham Palace.It is just what i imagined a British Boutique Hotel to look like.Yes it is exspensive but London is the most exspensive city for hotels at the moment and you have to pay top dollar for anything good in London.It was wet and cold and after a tourism day we got back in our room and did not want to leave to Mr. Chow for dinner.Just great.	
Mar 30 2008 	Outstanding hotel.....	We stayed here for the weeked in March 2008 to celebrate my birthday - my husband booked this as a surprise and I was definitley not disappointed. The hotel is fabulous and is worthy of its 5 star status. We stayed in an executive king room which was outstanding. They had a birthday cake and champage in the room, with lots of extra little touches such as fresh fruit, bucket of ice, little bowls of olives. There was 3 plasma tv's in the room, including 1 in the bathroom!They really go out there way to make you feel at home. The bed was huge and so comfortable. They turned it down for you at night and left a little bottle of lavendar mist on your pillow. They also put a little card on top of the bed with the next day's weather forecast and left fresh towels in the bathroom twice a day. I cannot say enough about the personal touches. They greet by your name and cannot do enough to ensure you enjoy your stay. They do this very well without making you feel uncomfortable. As expected, the hotel is in a great location. With Buckingham Palace literally being on your doorstep. This is an excellent hotel and surpassed my expectations. I cannot recommend it enough and will definitley go back soon.Book this hotel with confidence. You will not be disappointed.	
Mar 30 2008 	Fantastci!	Myself and boyfriend stayed at 41 Hotel last night and it totally lived up to its great reputation! Though the bedroom was a little small this did not mare the experience at all. The staff were lovely and friendly and unlike some other 4 or 5 star hotels we have stayed in were not at all stuffy or snotty!!!	
Mar 30 2008 	Hotel 41	My husband and I stayed at Hotel 41 for one night to celebrate my birthday. Although the hotel was nice we found it to be soulless, overpriced and poorly located for evening entertainment. Food and drinks are prohibitively expensive - a bloody Mary costs £15 and doesn't even come with a stick of celery! Tea is £8. On a positive note the beds are exceptionally comfortable.	
Mar 15 2008 	Amazing Service Fabulous English Charm	Planning our first trip to London was quite overwhelming. What part of town should we stay in? What amenities are most important? How do you make a choice, easy, count on the Tripadvisor community. If it weren't for Tripadvisor, we would have never found the most amazing hotel. Located on Buckingham Palace Road, we were perfectly situated to see the city. Prior to our arrival, we were contacted by the amazing manager, Chantal. She met every need before and during our stay. Personalized service is what she specializes in. We were greeted by a doorman who knew our names. We were taken up the elevator to a beautiful room with mahogany wood, a fireplace, a library, beverages, snacks and much more. We enjoyed breakfast here each morning. The honor bar was fabulous, although the staff butlers never allowed us to carry a drink to our room! The rooms are beautiful black and white marble. Bowls of apples filled the hallways. Housekeeping and turn down service were impeccable. The rooms are air conditioned (not common in London) which was very important as we experienced more than a week of very warm weather. Every question was always answered, every need was always met from theatre tickets to child care to dinner reservations. The 41 Hotel is truly amazing (recently listed in Travel &amp; Leisure's best 500 hotels in the world).	
Mar 12 2008 	Lived up to our expectations	Hotel 41 delivered excellent service. We were met at the front door by the manager who helped us check in and offered us a free drink and snacks while we were waiting to get into our room (we were early) . The staff were very attentive, they offered advice on places to go and things to see, we had our every need catered for. The 'romantic turndown' service we ordered as an optional extra was fab - rose petals and candles were left in the room, along with a chilled bottle of verve clique champagne (this service came free if you ordered via the 'our offers' section of the hotel's website - there were lots of other things to choose from too, I'd recommend you have a look).The room was lovely - tastefully decorated in black and white. The room felt a tad small but we did go for the cheapeast option which was the executive double. If you have long legs you may have trouble using the loo in a room of this type as there's hardly any room between the loo and the bath - we're not tall so it wasn't a problem for us.The hotel was in a really good location, just a few minutes walk to Victoria tube station, there was no need to use taxi's at all. The park next to Buckingham Palace was really close by - we had a nice walk around the park on the Sunday just before checking out.I would recommend this hotel if you fancy a bit of luxury. We booked this one as it was our anniversary - we normally don't splash out so much but the free extras (i.e. the champagne and the breakfasts which would have cost £25 pp per day if we'd booked through the regular section of the website) meant it turned out to be really good value.	
Feb 17 2008	Loved it! Loved it! Loved it!	Stayed with mother and sister. This is the perfect hotel for &quot;girls&quot; out on their own. The morning breakfast was better than any restaurant breakfast we had. They take your request for tea/coffee/ toast in addition to the small buffet with nice offerings. The breakfast every morning offered eggs, sausage and/or bacon, potato, fruit, rolls. If you are walking all over London, then breakfast is the essential starter. Plus with the time difference we all woke up hungry.The hotel is pricey, so look for package deals. Ours included breakfast, one dinner in the restaurant, fresh flowers in the room, and a bottle of lovely wine. Although we had no view, the room was more than large for a London hotel. The bathroom was small , but luxuriously appointed. The shower from the ceiling was torrential if you desired. A nice change from flow regulators that so many hotels have installed. Separate bath, heated tiles in front of the sink, small flat screen, and blue subtle lighting for accent.The staff is the best point of the hotel. Eager and engaging. They remember you and really try to meet your needs. The concierge procured no wait in the line type of tickets to several attractions for the price of a regular ticket. One of the hop on/hop off tour buses operates next door. There is a gift shop across from the tour bus stop to exchange money at a more favorable rate than in the hotels. No hotel in Europe we have ever stayed in had good exchange rates. Find the gift shops with a window in the back for exchange!Walk to the palace--this hotel is on the same block basically. Walking distance to green park, and plenty of shopping within walking distance.The day we left we saw two grand carriages with footmen and horses leaving the Buckingham Palace Mews to pick up some dignitaries. Quite a site!Some reviewers here noted the small hallways and lower ceilings, but come on, this is London. They must work with the existing structures. Hotel 41 has done amazing things with the space they have.The library type of lobby is cozy. Plunder the pantry is free at night (I believe after 9pm) and usually stocked with some nice foods. It is set up in the same area as breakfast. Bread and cheese, salad, and often some chicken, turkey, or some other rolled meat offering. Chips or potato salad, etc. Usually some fruit. After enjoying a breakfast at the hotel, we would have lunch late while touring. Then back for plunder the pantry in cozy surroundings before bed. We rarely ate an actual dinner. Make every attempt not to pay rack rate. Do some homework and find a deal. This hotel has a luxurious feel and is in a suburb location!Like I said: Loved it!	
Feb 17 2008	everything they say	Lovely hotel good location,stayed one night. Fireplace in rooms good staff.Very expensive to eat there . really nice hotel.	
Feb 13 2008 	A Very Special Hotel	My husband and two daughters stayed at this hotel for one night to celebrate my husband's 50th birthday. From the moment we arrived the staff were wonderful - they were so welcoming and friendly and the service we received was faultless. It was lovely to be greeted by name on every occasion and nothing was too much trouble for them. I booked this hotel on the back of reviews from Tripadvisor and would have no hesitation in recommending it - somewhere very special and personal and with a standard of service which would be very hard to beat.	
Feb 10 2008 	It's undeniably the best	Hotel 41 the manager and the staff should be praised for such high levels of service they set. Upon booking in we we're provided with true silver service, my wife and I wanted to take the hop on, hop off bus to get acqainted withthe city. Upon mentioning it to one of the staff, this lovely girl immediately organised our tickets and promptly showed us where to meet the bus and main attractions worth visiting.At Hotel 41, they certainly made my wife and I feel welcome and relaxed. The retaurant/library/check-in is very quaint but warm and friendly. Also the breakfast served was fantastic. The rooms were first class and every amenity you could possibly need on a holiday and somethings you thought you didn't need was provided.I also needed to arrange for a suitcase to be sent back to Melbourne as we we're well overweight with our luggage. I organised through reception to have my luggage sent unaccompanied. Again this wasn't too much for the staff, and upon returning to the hotel we we're informed that our luggage had been sent with complete details as to the time and the by whom. Again an amazing quality hotel with first class staff.The location is right opposite Buckingham Palace and just near Victoria Station a great location to get around. I do suggest that when sightseeing to access the hop on, hop off bus it's a great way to get your bearings and make your way around the city.This is one hotel I will definately continue to stay at when visiting London. Also Iwant to thank the staff for making my stay an amazing holiday break and making my wife and I feel very comfortable.	
Jan 25 2008 	lovely Formal hotel	Stayed here whil on a course in london, on 23rd Jan 08. Very formal place, staff are all lovely, nothing is too much trouble. A lovely friendly young man welcomes you at the door, then another member of staff takes you up to resception.Room was lovely, very clean. Everything you need is there.And you have a nice selection for breakfast.I cannot fault this place.	
Jan 25 2008 	OK but...	Stayed here in a double for one night. Loved the feel of the place - relaxed and luxurious. The service is first class in that it is attentive and all staff are friendly and helpful. I especially like the executive lounge and butlers pantryIssuesI booked a double without breakfast from the hotel web site at best rate guarenteed £199 without breakfast (extra £25) plus vatI then saw an offer with Hotels.com for a city break in the hotel for £224 including breakfast and afternoon tea) plus vat - getting afternoon tea at not more cost was a better dealI emailed the hotel and asked about taking up ths offer and the email response was that I would have to cancel the reservation with the hotel and book with hotels,com.When I came to do this there wasnt a double available in the offer - it was available but for a dearer room - not suprising as there were no doubles left in the hotel as I'd booked one!I phoned the hotel and explained the situation and the lady said she would investigate and phone me back - which she didn't do even though she asked for my mobile numberWhen I got to the hotel and checked in I explained about this and asked whether it had been sorted and they said they had me down for the £199 booking. I asked whether I could have the offer and this was brushed aside - the lady neither offered the city break deal nor offered to investigate - I got a feeling they didnt like to interfere with the booking system. I couldnt be bothered to persue it - however I expected a more proactive level of serviceOther minor niggles - not particuarly a problem but should they be happening in a 5 star hotel? - there was a welcome letter from the manager - very nice touch but he welcomed me back - 'nice to see you again' and this was my first visitI had been asked on the web site about my favourite fruit and there was none in the roomThe room was fine - but some noise from the road, no view and some issues again eg I couldnt turn the light off from my bed as the beds bedhead was jammed on the light switchThese are minor things but jarred as my expectations were high and not me I dont think I should have to ask/query things. No one ever said is everything OK , can I have some feedback, there was a feeling of isnt this wonderful hereBreakfast was nice but my scrambled eggs were not piping hot - they have to cook next door and it was £25 which I think is expensive for what it wasOverall a lovely experience but not particulary good value for one and I probably woudnt stay with them again, especially if I am in a room by myself	
Jan 10 2008	It could have been a disaster…	I traveled to London with my mother over the Christmas 2007 holiday season, and promptly got very sick with the flu! This could have made for a real travel disaster.Fortunately, though, the Hotel 41 staff swung into action to make both Mom and myself comfortable. We ended up &quot;staying in&quot; for much of the trip, and 41's club-like atmosphere made it a pleasure to do so. Meals were delicious and varied, the surroundings were luxurious but far from fussy, and the staff were friendly and accommodating (and sympathetic to me being under the weather!). The concierge desk truly went above and beyond, juggling our scheduled events around my energy level and staying in close contact to make sure we weren't overdoing it.I couldn't recommend this hotel more highly. It truly became a home away from home for our two-person family, and we'll definitely be back… sans flu next time, with any luck.	
Dec 31 2007 	Friendly personalised service	If you are looking for service that not only gives you a smile, but surpasses you expectations, this is the place for you. We stayed over Christmas and had a lovely time. The hotel takes well behaved dogs, so we were allowed to share the holiday with our dog. The room was well appointed and spacious. The lounge was a great place to relax by the fire after a day walking around the city. This is a good place for tourists and has some of the best business facilities that I have seen. (Even though it was Christmas, we had to keep in touch with clients). There are excellent transport links close by and if you are travelling with the dog, two of the prettiest parks in London are a short stroll away.We travel to London frequently and have stayed in other 5 star hotels. 41 is the best. We will be returning again, and recommend this property highly.	
Dec 20 2007 	Your own London club	Looking for a hotel room at the last minute, I was highly influenced by previous TripAdvisor reviews of this property. I have seldom felt quite this comfortable with my eventual choice. &quot;41&quot; is a gem of a place, near to Victoria Station geographically and close to an old school London club in ambience - think Boodle's or White's with a contemporary twist. The staff were, without exception, friendly and efficient. The manager greeted us as we checked in and the receptionist showed us to our room. When we returned from our evening out, we stopped in the Executive Lounge for a nightcap of port from the honour bar and some (complimentary) cheese and fresh fruit. Cheese before bed is supposed to give you nightmares. 41 is a dream.	
Dec 16 2007	Wonderfully Relaxing	After a previous slightly disappointing stay we were invited back by the lovely manager, Andrew, so the hotel could prove itself to us. And it did! Our room was beautifully comfortable and elegantly appointed. From the moment we arrived, every member of staff was attentive without going over the top. Andrew made every effort to ensure we enjoyed our stay and another member of staff, Ashley, also deserves mention as being kind and attentive to us. The 'plunder the pantry' idea is wonderful for post-theatre snacks and sitting having a drink in front of the fire in the beautiful library is just superb. The breakfast was superb (go for the buffet, it is brilliant!) and we just had the most relaxing time. I would definitely return here and our previous stay was obviously just a blip. All establishments can have off days, the mark of a manager is how he deals with problems and Andrew dealt with ours perfectly. Stay here if you can, it's worth every penny!	
Dec 15 2007 	Perfect Vacation	This hotel is very close to Buckingham Palace, right across from the Royal Mews. The room we first booked was small, way too small for a 5 night stay. We stayed there 2 nights and then upgraded to the 2 story Conservatory Suite which was wonderful. The price was astronomical but for a very special occasion it was worth it. The ceiling was glass and absolutely beautiful. The breakfast each morning (included) was wonderful and the service was over the top. The hotel is small (ceilings in the halls are very low, kind of claustrophobic). It is a unique place done up in all blacks, whites, and wood with red touches throughout. Very close to the tube and there's a couple of nice pubs within walking distance. We highly recommend this place for a romantic getaway.	
Nov 26 2007 	41=100%	Hotel 41 definitely deserves the five-star rating. The entrance is situated right next to the Reubens (actually, above the Reubens, on the 5th floor), having a private, key-card access. In fact, it is part of the Red Carnation/Reubens hotel chain. It is all of a 5-minute walk over to Victoria Station and directly across from the Mews. We found the room was more than lovely; they surprised us by upgrading our room at no additional charge. Two types of robes, full-length mirror, flat-screen TV, everything from shampoo, conditioner, body lotion, toothbrush &amp; toothpaste, hair-dryer, iron, ironing board,lemon &amp; water, and other miscellaneous ammenities plus the complimentary &quot;Plunder the Pantry&quot; as well as the demeanor of the staff put this boutique hotel up at the top in our book. Oh, another thing that was complimentary were free passes to the gym nearby--LA Fitness Center.There is no question that 41is on the pricey side, but all things considered, I think you get what you pay for. There certainly were no surprises in the end-price by tacked-on additional charges which weren't known when booking. We liked the breakfast--the food was hot and delicious and fresh. There are also complimentary computers, so you don't necessarily have to bring one, and newspapers and a welcome drink--choice of champagne, wine, juice, or whatever. The staff treats you like you want to be treated and are genuinely interested in each guest, even remembering your name. Rooms are extremely quiet and peaceful. At night when the beds are turned down, they even put a small water candle in the bathroom. If you are a single female traveler, you cannot ask for a more perfect place as it is so centrally-situated, safe, and peaceful. I asked the manager whether it's better to book online or by phone, and he said by Internet as that has the better prices. They have a 'lowest fare' guarantee where if you do find a price better than the one you already have, they will honor the lower price. I was surprised to see somewhat negative comments by other travelers concerning 41 as we experienced only top-rated service, attention, andsatisfaction. However, 41 is certainly not cheap and if you have a weakening American dollar, the price per night can turn you off. Do think again, though, as to how to budget. If you are able to do a splurge on your hotel room, you can always find ways to save on funds through eating cheap and traveling via the Tube--even to and from Heathrow. On one of the days of our stay there, we stayed in during the entire morning and into the early afternoon instead of fighting the crowds outside. Just 'hanging around' like that made our whole stay even moreenjoyable and gave us a bit more mileage for what we paid.	
Nov 19 2007 	The best hotel I have ever stayed at!	My boyfriend took me to this hotel as a surprise for our anniversary and I can honestly say it is the best hotel I have stayed in. I just dont get the negative reviews listed for it and am sure that some people just have to find something to complain about...(maybe its them and not the hotel..!)We were treated amazingly throughout - you cannot fault the service. They make you feel like nothing is any trouble at all and cannot do enough to make you stay special.The room that we had was a king room with a fire place. Granted it wasnt the biggest room, but your in London so I wouldnt expect it. The furniture and decor is gorgeous and everything you could think of is provided in the room - including 2 types of bath robe and an I-pod deck.There is an honesty bar and free snacks avaliable through out the day that you are encouraged to take.I cant say how much I loved this place and at the moment I am trying to convice my boyfriend to take us back but this time for longer..!	
Nov 18 2007 	Satisfied not overwhelmed.....	I normally stay at the Lanesborough when in London however following great reviews of Hotel 41 on Trip Advisor I thought I would try it.Hmmm, nice enough but I didn't quite see what made others on this site so estatic. The staff were very good which as we all know is a rareity in London. The food in the Library Bar was good but should have been at the fairly high prices. The Superior Room I booked was quite small but nicely furnished. The TV reception was poor and the remote had no backing so the batteries kept slipping out. When I mentioned it the staff quickly brought another but it didn't work either. The TV reception was so poor so it didn't really matter anyway I suppose. We had breakfast in the Hotel 41 (not in the Library Bar which is really another hotel next door / part of the same building) and this involves ordering from the menu which I suppose means it gets cooked next door. The omlette was quite nice and probably had been hot when it started its journey to me but was cool by the time it arrived - not quite 4* service.I may stay here again if on business and want to save £100 over the Lanesborough but then again, probably not.	
Nov 18 2007 	Outstanding Boutique Hotel	We have just returned from spending one night at Hotel 41 and it was quite simply superb!Could not fault the hotel or the staff who were most attentive, polite and very professional. Gorgeous large modern bathrooms and the best bed we have ever slept in. Everything was spotlessly clean - just wish we could of stayed for a week!!!	
Nov 12 2007 	Beautiful hotel	We stayed in this hotel for one night in November and it was fantastic from the second we arrived. The hotel staff were excellent and made us feel welcome and relaxed throughout our stay. I have stayed in 5 star hotels before and have sometimes felt uncomfortable by the snobby attitudes of some of the hotel staff when they know that you have booked the hotel at a discounted rate and are not as wealthy as some of the other guests. That was far from the case in hotel 41. We were given complimentary champagne when we checked in and then taken to a beautiful room overlooking buckingham palace. The room was immaculate and had all mordern facitlites you would expect and more. The shower was incredible! Our breakfast was inluded and we were told we could have it in the room for no extra charge. We simply filled in our breakfast choices and hung it on the door before we went to bed with the time we wanted it to arrive. The next morning it was brought to the room exactly at the time we ordered - delicious! The location of the hotel is perfect, just a few minutes walk from victoria station and the underground. There are also lots of resturants surounding the hotel which offer lots of choice if you want to eat out.  I cannot praise this hotel enough it was well worth the money and was a treat for both of us. I would definately stay here again.	
Oct 24 2007 	I love this hotel!	I hate London! But going to Hotel 41 makes it all worth while! The hotel is the best in London for me. The staff are friendly and welcoming and the rooms are home from home. The lounge area is great and the chefs pantry and honesty bar are great touches. If you need to go to London go to Hotel 41!	
Oct 17 2007 	a true oasis	I stayed at this hotel about 2 years ago and previously wrote a review based on that stay, saying i thought the value vs. price was not worth it, that it was overpriced for the caliber of hotel it was purporting to be, but I TOTALLY retract my negative comments. i just stayed there again on my last visit to London and couldn't have stayed at a finer hotel. the price is very comparable to other luxury hotels in London and what you actually get in return is tremendous, beginning from the warm welcome by the friendly and extremely knowledgeable staff, to the welcome glass of champagne and array of snacks, to the invitation to join them for canapés and drinks in the evening and the turndown service with candles, robes and slippers laid out. it's a true oasis from the rush of central London. you won't regret it!	
Oct 16 2007 	are you getting what you pay for?	Will start with the room as that is where you spend most time. Interesting that there are few pictures of the normal (non suite) rooms. Ours was quite small with limited space down the sides of the bed and virtually no storage space for clothes. We were there only one night but would be a major problem if you were there any longer - and paying those prices why should you have to live out of the suitcase?The bathroom in the pictures must again be for a suite as ours was much smaller with great showers, but the bath was too small for two!Then it's silly things like the travelodge style tea and coffee tray (perhaps they should go to some of the Radissons I've stayed at to see their espresso machines) and the delay in getting the champagne to the room and the dreadful view- things which detract from what is supposed to be 5 star.The outside areas were amazing - yes you do feel like you are in a private club in an oasis of calm away from normal London. The service is generally very good. Not sure about the concierge concept. I gave a list of several places I would like to go for dinner and only one was available and at too early a time.Overall a great experience - just don't look for the sock drawer!	
Oct 7 2007 	Loved it! Loved it!! Loved it!!!	Think that says it all! We spent 5 glorious nights at 41 and would return without reservation. It's like being a guest in an English estate. The staff is superb!! We arrived from Scotland, by train, on my birthday. As we checked in we were offered a glass of champagne and comfy couch -- this was check-in, if you can imagine!! From that moment on it was heaven. We had dinner in the library and returned to our room to find it covered in red rose pedals -- a red heart on the bed -- a cake, a bouquet of flowers, and red floating candles all over the entire room! Andrew and Frederic were wonderful!! Breakfast each day was so relaxing -- every whim was attended to! Can't wait to return!!	
Oct 7 2007 	Hotel 41 deserves the accolades	What an amazing experience in London! The hotel reminded me of a Kimpton, very comfy beds and great amenities. The staff (Sofie was great!) did their best to make my stay and my parent's stay fantastic. They couldn't have been warmer and more accommodating. I would definitely select this hotel again while in London--and the location couldn't be more convenient for all tourist activities.	
Oct 1 2007 	Sheer Pleasure	We had booked 41 for a birthday weekend. Having stayed at many 5* in London we have been searching for a more personal touch and 41 has it in plenty. From the moment you arrive you are made to feel very special. The black and white decor is perfect for deco lovers. The atmosphere is private club rather than hotel, peaceful and classy.Room stunning, gleaming clean, fabulous bedding of Egyptian Cotton crisp and inviting to say nothing of the comfort of the mattress!Breakfast in the Lounge where every whim can be accomodated with discreet loving service from the gorgeous staff. You are always known by your name and you really feel you are part of the &quot;family&quot; not just passing through.Every member of staff knows who you are and greets you with the same warmth.Few little negatives, wrong type of room had been allocated, this was soon dealt with but we did feel a little uncomfortable as if we were trying to upgrade ourselves, which was not the case. There was no fruit in the room although this was advertised as being included, this was rectified later when we mentioned it. few other little niggles but not really want to focus on them as the whole experience was so beautiful and if anything is not right it is rectified and apologised for straight away.A wonderful birthday cake was left in our room, such a lovely surprise, we were too full to eat so it was boxed carefully for our journey and put in a lovely hessian bag, wonderful touches like this make for a very special experience.This is not the hotel for you if you like to remain anonymous as the level of interaction may be too much for you but if you love to be pampered and made to feel very special, stay at 41 we will be returning soon, spoilt for other hotels now as they may be lovely but where else would you get the service level!! Go on treat yourself without hesitation!!!	
Oct 1 2007	Impeccable	The 41 is impeccable. The moment you step in the door you feel as if you are entering a private residence. The excellent decor combines traditional elegance with a twist. Black and white dominates the bedrooms, and the lounge (think elegant private Library) with it's large conservatory style roof, repeats the theme adding in a discreet bit of animal print. The young polished international staff provides finely tuned personal service.I don't want to emphasize the smallness of the room or property -it happens to be a huge part of the charm. Guest rooms provided everything imaginable and then some. I spent about 20 minutes aquainting myself with the immense list of turn down &quot;gifts&quot; special bath elixirs, relaxing pillow spray, lengthly pillow menu (this list goes on) and if your cherished pet is fortunate enough to be traveling along, 41 has special meals, signature bedding, welcome baskets, and numerous treats for your companion. NO request is too large as evidenced by the self explanatory &quot;Whatever/Whenever&quot; button on the phone.Back to the room, heavenly bedding (and bed), fireplace, small writing desk, two chairs and cocktail table, a hefty stack of great magazines, simply the best map and listing of local attractions I've seen, small ice bucket and slices of fresh lime and lemon alongside a bamboo skewer (great touch). A place for my iPod Yay! Speakers tucked in all the corners! The bathroom was well stocked too with lovely smelling Blenheim bath bubbles and soap, nice big soaking tub with rain showers in tub and separate shower, heated towel bar with loads of fluffy towels everywhere (amazing how so many hotels miss this item and only give you 2 large bath towels and pairs of hand and wash cloths). The lovely ebony wood fitted closet also provided for every need, desire, and luxury. On arrival the young lady checking us in provided us with a pre-dinner welcome cocktail and small nibbles in the room while we unpacked our things. When returning to the hotel after dinner we were greeted by scented lit candles, fluffy robes, and faux fur bed throw-can you spoil us more? Ironically on check-in we were asked if we were celebrating any special occasion during our stay and we said &quot;no&quot;-I can't wait to return for a special day just to see what 41 has in mind for those &quot;special&quot; occasions!Breakfast is served in the Lounge (or your guest room) and the attention to detail continues. A.M. food choices such as fresh fruits, berry compote, gorgeous baked goods, juices, numerous cereals (organic too), cooked english breakfast, and a la carte menu.Phew! Now I know what life is like across the street at the castle.	
Sep 30 2007	Worth Every Cent	Hotel 41 is an expensive hotel but our 4 night stay was beyond our expectations. The rooms were excellent/fantastic, everything that was required to make a stay enjoyable was included. Attention to detail in all things and a level of service which was both practical and yet not suffocating.The lounge was a fantastic place to escape and relax.The location was perfect.You do spend alot of money but hey! Its one of those rare times when the final product far exceeds the expense paid.Well done!!The hotel photos represent what you actually get.	
Sep 28 2007 	Great hotel	Fantastic hotel - shame we only had one night here. The staff were friendly and efficient and we felt completely relaxed and pampered. We had a pot of tea brought ot our room when we arrived and it came with lovely pastries ( a welcome surprise).The concierge even managed to get us top tickets to a top show which has a 2 -3 month waiting list.The location is great. Would definitely reccommend it.	
Sep 27 2007 	Our wonderful home away from home	We spent 7 wonderful nights at the Hotel 41 the first week in September celebrating our 41st anniversary. The hotel and the staff made our stay better than we could have ever hoped for. Chantal and her staff made for a fun, relaxing stay. After long days of seeing the sights of London it was always a real treat to return the 41. The moment we walked through the private entrance we felt like we returned home, safe and secure. Our room was luxurious comfort with a wonderful bed. The free wireless internet was fast and the flat panel TV was a pleasure to watch. Any request we made were taken care of quickly and always with smiles. The morning breakfasts were a great relaxing way to start each day. Wonderful food and conversations with the staff about what we had planned for the day.We found the location ideal. Close to Victoria Station for the Tube and a block from Buckingham Palace and St. James Park for a walk. We saw Wicked while we were there and the theater was a 5 minute walk from the hotel. Lots of shopping and dinning options close to the hotel.It was by far the best hotel stay we have ever experienced anywhere. We really look forward to our next trip to London so we can stay at the 41 again.	
Sep 13 2007 	None can compare	We just returned from a month-long trip and bookended our travels with 2 stays at the 41. What a great ecperience this was. Firstly, the staff are exceptional. Friendly, attentive and loads of fun. From the sassy Chantal to the lovely Daphne and Antoinette, we were well cared for and coddled. The accomodations are well appointed and luxurious. The beds are a dangerous enterprise as they are so comfortable they could hold you hostage. Superb ammenities and wonderful touches such as fresh ice and lemon every evening along with the well stocked and always open pantry to plunder. Meals were superb and again, the staff could not be more efficient or lovely. We now have a new home in London. Thanks again for everything.	
Sep 11 2007	It's the people who make this hotel so wonderful!	We are leaving Hotel 41 today. Our stay here has been perfect. The staff&quot;s energy and eagerness to please and help have been beyond our expectations. The rooms are typicaly European in size but lovely appointed. The fluffiest towels ever! Enjoy this gem. We would definitely stay here or at any Red Carnation Hotel again.	
Sep 4 2007 	Wow!	We love to spend a few days in London and have stayed at many hotels, non however surpassing the wonderful experience of 41.Chantal and all of her staff were attentive in every detail.The room we had was great, and although everything was very luxurious we were made to feel relaxed and at home.We are so pleased to have found 41, we now don't need to look anywhere else,I can't wait until the next time!	
Aug 28 2007 	Fab Fab Fab!!!	Wow - what an amazing find this hotel turned out to be! Discreetly located next door to its bigger sister the Rubens, this hotel offers attentive, yet unobtrusive levels of service seldom found. All areas are tastefully furnished and it really does feel like a home from home. We found all the staff without exception to be extremely welcoming, friendly yet utterly proffesional - nothing is too much trouble. Masses of fluffy white towels in the lovely rooms, gallons of hot water, and the breakfasts......ooooh the breakfasts are amazing. A small but perfectly designed hotel where attention to the tiniest detail make this a great place to stay. Can't wait to go back.	
Aug 23 2007 	Hotel 41 is GREAT!	Staying at Hotel 41 while we were in London was the best decision we ever made. From the moment we stepped onto the property, we were made to feel as if we were the most important people in the world. The entire staff pampered us. They granted our every wish. The best part was being able to completely relax and let someone else tend to our needs...from making us afternoon tea to arranging tickets to the London Eye. Bottom line, if you want true personalized attention, Hotel 41 is the place to stay. Keep in mind, though, it is very expensive.	
Aug 20 2007 	Gorgeous Hotel!	This was without doubt the best hotel we have ever stayed in. Not only is it beautifully clean and well looked after, the room was gorgeous and very stylish and the staff are so polite, interested and very keen to be of service. The attention to detail is fantastic and the food is delicious! We stayed there on our wedding night and the following night before flying off on our honeymoon. When we arrived in our room at 1am. The lights were dimmed and lighted candles in lovely red glasses had been placed throughout the room. Petals scattered everywhere, including a heart shape of petals on the bed! Classical music was playing and there was a bottle of veuve clicquot on ice (we booked a sparkle weekend which included a bottle of champagne - I have never known a hotel to serve veuve clicquot as part of a booking deal - what class!). It was a perfect end to a perfect day. We had also booked breakfast as part of our booking deal which they happily served the next day in our room - again room service breakfast, in our experience, has always been extra but not in this case!Even if it is not your wedding night the hotel is fantastic and we would, with out doubt, highly recommend it!	
Aug 7 2007 	What more can I say?	There's nothing significant to add but I just wanted to reiterate that yet another couple found this to be a truly nice hotel. It is polished to a lovely glow, both the furnishings and the staff. The people who work in this hotel are the nicest and most helpful I have encountered. Hopefully, Hotel 41 will continue to epitomize London style and grace.	
Aug 6 2007 	swish	My wife and I have been using Trip Advisor for the last 2 years, but we have only just 'joined up' and decided to post some reviews from our 'relatively' recent travels.We stayed at Hotel 41 in early April of 2006. We actually overnighted there on the way to Paris and then spent five nights on our return to London.The Hotel and its staff is simply lovely. We had just spent a wonderful couple of nights in Windermere in the Lake District, and thought it impossible to experience the kind of gentile, personalised luxury we encountered up north, but we were to be proved wrong.The rooms, service, location etc, are all just like the positive reviews of this hotel indicate and NOTHING is too much trouble. The service truly is extraordinary.For instance, having travelled to the UK for the better part of two weeks from our home in the Caribbean, we had quite a bit of luggage, and therefore enquired of the manager at 41 if it would be alright for them to keep the majority of our luggage while we went on our weekend jaunt to Paris, knowing that we would return to spend the rest of our vacation with them. It was simply not a problem, and it enabled us to travel relatively light (as light as my wife will travel!) for the weekend.We had one issue when I returned back home with an existing/extra charge on our credit card - which was in fact the reservation/security deposit - which they had forgot to remove, but they sorted it out and promised that if we came back they would upgrade us for the inconvenience. Upgrade offer or not, I will find it hard to put another hotel ahead of 41 in our choice of accommodation in London.	
Jul 29 2007 	home away from home	I took my daughter fro her 10th birthday to Europe for the first time. Thank you to all the friendly staff at this hotel. I will come back anytime to visit. Thanks for the apples every day. And thanks for taking good care of us. The last day we saw the carriages of the queens across street. How thrilling to get a glance right from your hotel. Very homey and personal. The bar and piano is great each nightto end your evening.	
Jul 27 2007 	The Best Hotel in London	There is a reason why this hotel was voted so high up on the 100 Greatest Hotels in the world. I cant say enough good things about this hotel. My wife and I stayed here for our wedding anniversary and it was a great experience.The best feature of the hotel is the staff. EVERYONE went out of their way to make you feel welcomed. Chantal and Antoinette were exceptional, friendly and responsive to all our needs. The morning breakfast really was great with many things to choose from. The Library is a nice quiet area to relax. Free high speed internet is located in each room and the rooms arer nicely decorated. The room was a tad small but if that is the worst I can say then that is saying something. The hotel restaurant in the connecting hotel the Rubens was a bit pricey so we traveled over to the connecting B Bar. The food and service in the B Bar was absolutely great. The hotel is located near Victoria Station so you can take the Gatwick Express and walk two blocks. The central area to all attractions is a big plus. Again I cant say enough about how truly amazing this hotel is. I highly recommend it to anyone looking for perfection!	
Jul 11 2007 	Loved Hotel 41	This was a fabulous hotel. The concierge was extremely helpful, and the library sitting room is a nice refuge. Rooms are very nice, and include a Bose speaker for your Ipod. The turndown service included soft slippers and robe, lavender pillow spray, chocolates, and a candle. The location is great as well for the London tourist. Highly recommend this hotel. Maybe not for families, but definitely for couples, or families with older children.	
Jun 27 2007 	A Wonderful Stay	We were very impressed with this hotel. The staff were extremely helpful, polite and professional. We booked dinner in the Library Restaurant and staff and food were excellent. Rooms are extremely well equipped - everything from an umbrella to a stapler! The turndown service included soft slippers and robe, lavender pillow spray, chocolates, and a candle. We thoroughly enjoyed this whole experience and, despite the cost, will try to visit again.	
Jun 17 2007	The best.	We booked this hotel at the last minute - and what a pleasant surprise. It is more expenseive than we would usually pay - but it was worth every penny. The staff were ever so helpful and the suite had everything you could think of. The hotel is well located for business in the West End and for shopping - we will be back.	
Jun 10 2007 	Brilliant small hotel with the best service anywhere..	My wife and I spent 5 days at 41 in May. We selected this hotel after extensive research and were not disappointed with what we found. We booked through the Unique Small Hotels website which worked fine.The service here is simply outstanding. All the staff are excellent but the Resident Manager, Chantal is brilliant. Not only does she bring a breath of charming energy and efficiency to the place but simply works hard to make you feel really welcome - My wife's birthday occurred while we were there and we came back from dinner to find the room sprinkled with rose petals - a Chantal touch that will bring us back.The hotel is small and clubby but seems to attract a cross section of guests across the age groups - no old gentlemans club feel here - just a nice intimate atmosphere where you feel that you are known after only 1 or 2 days in the placeWe had an Executive King room and yes - I agree with previous reviews that the room, whilst beautifully decorated and with a most comfortable bed (we had no issues with the black and white decor) is slightly on the small side, but the bathroom is great and the plumbing wonderfully effective for England. The Executive Lounge is a great place to end the day after pounding around London and compensates largely for the slightly small room. Breakfast is great and included the room rate, a real benefit. Location is fine - 3 minutes walk from Buckingham Palace and Victoria Station / underground and a beautiful 10-15 minute walk down Birdcage Walk to WestminsterNo - it's not cheap (but where in London is) and it does lack an on site gym, but if you want to stay at a large 5 star monolith then that's where you should be - for us- we would rather be at 41.	
Jun 2 2007 	Location!	One-night stay while returning from a tour of the UK, with my wife. Due to some sort of problem with Expedia's reservation system (I think they oversold), we were upgraded to a junior suite. Wow! It was two stories (though 6'2&quot; ceilings on the top story), gas fireplace, sitting room, and a super bathroom with separate tub &amp; shower.This location is just a few blocks from Victoria Station in one direction, and Buckingham Palace in the other direction. It's several stories up on a very busy street, so you can hear some street noises.The hotel is very nicely decorated. A feature is a sitting room, which doubles as the reception area and breakfast area. Enjoyable and, again, nicely decorated. It looks like the 15' ceilings allowed rooms to be split into two stories, as for our suite.The street noises and relatively cramped feeling of the hotel (narrow hallways, short ceilings) were the only real drawbacks I noticed. Overall, this is a top-quality hotel in a very desirable location.	
Jun 2 2007 	Great Service but...	Spent 5 nights at the Hotel 41 after lots of research (especially due to positive reviews on this site). I won't rehash everything that's already been written but here are the pro's and cons:Pros: - Service was EXCELLENT, I mean bend over backwards polite service for anything you could ask for. I've stayed in many great 5 Star hotels (I'm writing this from a 5star in Madrid now) and the employees at Hotel 41 are the best I've encountered. I can't say enough good things about the staff they work very hard to make their guests comfortable. Requests were met almost instantly via the whatever/whenever button on the phone. So fast it was almost freightening! One employee, Chantel was particularly charming and enjoyable to meet. - Food was also very good and breakfast in bed was well done every morning. (Included in rate). Plunder the pantry was also a nice touch each night. The BBar was excellent but for some reason is only open on weekdays.Neutral:- Location - right near Buckingham Palace but not really in the middle of &quot;too&quot; much in London. The neighborhood is basically residential once you walk a block or two. If you are flying in from Gatwick, the hotel is in walking distance to the Gatwick Express Train that is a godsend going back and forth. There is actually a show within easy walking distance to the hotel - Billy Elliott - which was wonderful.- Size of hotel - it does feel like you are entering a private club however you miss out on big hotel features like a spa or gym (although they do have free gym passees to LA Fitness just down the street)Cons:- The rooms. The room (executive King) nearly drove me crazy. Upon entering the room for the first time my instant reaction was that I made a mistake in choosing this hotel (The level of service from the staff made me stay and I have to say I enjoyed my stay overall). Maybe I needed a better room category or something but the photos posted online make the rooms look so much bigger and welcoming than they really are. Although the rooms have everything you could ask for (including great water pressure and even an IPod player) there is so much crap and decor and extra furniture that you bump into something on any trip across the room. I felt like I was in a rickety old cruise ship not in a 5-star hotel. Although everything was very very clean, to me, it just felt &quot;old&quot; and not charming. I hope someday they renovate with a slightly more modern and less cluttered decor. The black and white seemed charming at first but after 5 nights I slowly started to lose my mind ....I don't think I'll ever get the vase of dried BLACK roses perched atop of the fireplace out of my mind!	
May 9 2007 	Loved this small charming hotel	I loved this hotel it was more then I expected. The service was very personal and the staff did everything they could to help you with whatever you needed. There were four of us so we had two rooms the room we had was lovely with a small fireplace and sitting area and a very nice bathroom with everything you could ask for. Our sons room was a little bit smaller but just as nice. Our room was 4101 and our sons was 4102. The little things they did really made it lovely like lighting a floating candle in the bathroom at night when they turned down your bed and speaking of the beds they were the best we had on our 3 week trip from the two pillows each to the big fluffy duvet we slept so well. We stayed for 4 nights - whenever we go back to London this will be our hotel of choice. It is only 28 rooms if you want personal service with alot of charm then this is the place for you. We loved it - you cann't go wrong if you choose this hotel. I booked it after reading the reviews - the people that gave it a bad rating must have stayed at a different hotel then we did. I cann't say enough about this hotel it was excellent.	
May 1 2007 	Returning Guest	41 is still the hotel I was always hoping to find. My partner and I have just recently returned from our third stay at 41, encompassing nine brilliant and warm days in April, and what we found wonderful about 41 on previous visits is still wonderful, and that a few improvements have been made as well.What is still wonderful is that after a day in London absorbing all the sights, sounds (and moisture) of a vibrant capital, the calm of 41’s Executive Lounge is where you can put your day into perspective. It really is a retreat in a busy world, and nowhere do I feel the need for a quiet spot than in London. As always, the staff has learned your name (which seems to happen always, whether you stay one night or several), the greeting is warm and the service impeccable. It is a wonderful place to quietly unwind at the end of the day.New since my last visit, the English Breakfast is now included in the room rate and the “Plunder the Pantry” program in effect from 20:30 onwards now offers more variation in its salads and cold meats from night to night. One evening there was some beautiful parma ham, the next some very good pâté. Green salads alternated with a cucumber or beet salad, and fresh bread was always available. What brings me back to 41 is the feeling of genuine welcome I experience when I walk through the door, from the incomparable resident manager, Chantal, to the entire staff. It is rare to find true hospitality in the hospitality industry, but 41 has made it into a comfortable art.	
Apr 29 2007 	If you want the experince of a private club in London this is it	The 41 is an absolute gem,its cosy with very attentive genuinely friendly staff.It feels as though you are in a private house with a gathering of old friendsThe hotel rooms are small so if you like oceans of space this hotel is not for you but they have every possible personal desire in the room includng ipod speakers,personal robes-let your imagination roam!Its perfectly siutated opposite Buckingham Palace and undoubtedely one of the best hotels in London.	
Apr 10 2007 	One of the best	My wife and I stayed for one night in March (Saturday) and had an excellent stay. First, let me put my star rating in context - it is not my interpretation of how many stars it should have above its door or in a guide book. It is a rating relative to price and expectations. We had high expectations of the hotel and if it had met those expectations, we would have given it 3 stars (i.e. neutral, as expected). I only rate above 3 if the hotel exceeds expectations. The booking was simple and direct through the hotel website. I paid £240 for an &quot;Exectuive King Room&quot;. My wife arrived before me as I was travelling back from a business trip and she was first given a tour or the hotel, some champagne, some fruit and shown to our room. When I arrived I was offered the same experience, declined the tour but accepted the champagne! The room was very nice. Not huge, but as described on the web-site. What the web-site doesn't convey are the little touches that really impress. The quality of the beds, furniture, audio/visual equipment was excellent. Toiletries were also at the 'luxury' end. Style was on the modern side. During our stay the hotel sorted out lunch, dinner and theatre arrangements with ease. All the staff knew our names and room numbers even if we hadn't met that particular member of staff before. All were very polite and helpful.The location is quite good for tourists - very near the Palace, Parks and London Victoria Travel interchange. The only reason I can't give 5 stars is that, since I only stayed for 1 night and spent a lot of time around London, I didn't get to experience the whole of the hotel facilities. On check-out we used the lounge (very nice), and the free internet and printer facilities to check in for our flights. I will definitely be back if I return to London.	
Apr 6 2007 	Appalingly poor service and tiny rooms	I haven't written a review for some time, but felt after what i had experienced i should put pen to paper. If you dont mind paying £250.00 for a room that is clean, pleasantly decorated and are not looking for anything else then this might be the hotel for you. However if you expect to be able to get out of either side of the bedwhen the curtains are shut, require an edible breakfast and competentstaff, then you will be as bitterly disappointed with this hotel as i was. From the ridiculously laid out room, to no turn down service, to neither of the papers we had requested being delivered in the morningeven after complaining the list goes on and on. But the piece de resistance was being presented with a cold preformed, precooked rubber pancake for breakfast, which i promptly sent back to be returned hot, yet ended up waiting around an hour for a new one before giving up on breakfast entirely. No appology given by any member of staff, who seemed to busy chatting to each other than to their guests.Would i return - not on your nelly!	
Apr 6 2007 	A bit of style not a lot of substance	This is a small boutique hotel with cozy, chic rooms that is ideal for a weekend visit to London. But if you are looking for a hotel that has all the usual mod cons this isn't it. Hotel 41 relies on the hotel next door (The Ruben) for a lot of its services which makes the hotel incredibly inefficient. Things you take for granted in other hotels are an absolute chore here (and the staff make it feel that way too). The porter has to run from the hotel next door to greet you if he's not too busy and food takes forever to arrive either to your room or in the club lounge. If you just need a nice looking room for a night this fits the bill - otherwise look elsewhere - there are much better alternatives for the same price.	
Apr 2 2007 	Great Place!	We had a wonderful time at this hotel. Great atmosphere &amp; service. The rooms are tastefuly decorated with 24 hour service. My husband needed some assistance with the internet at 2 am, and they sent someone up immediately. Room service took a while to come but other than that everything about this hotel is top notch.	
Apr 1 2007 	Very good hotel	Stayed here recently for one night, weekend break in London to see Billy Elliot - great location as the Victoria Palace theatre is practically next door.The hotel has a very clubby atmosphere, all the staff were very polite and you really felt as though nothing was too much trouble (the room service button on the telephone in your room is called 'whatever, whenever').Loved the special touches, like complimentary supper and a help-yourself-but-put-it-in-the-honesty-book, and the turn-down service was spectacular, as hotels go - candle lit in the bathroom, tv remote and tv guide open on correct night, slippers and robes laid out, soft music switch on. Very nice indeed!If I had to be picky, I could say that the rooms are a little small, and some of the room service items listed as available for 24 hours were not - but I am being picky, and didn't think to even mention it on checkout.If you go for the pre-theatre dinner at the Old Masters restaurant (attached to the hotel) be aware that it's a carvery only affair, and we did feel a little over dressed. I'd have preferred a more intimate, restaurant meal, but in the end again I had no complaint - the roast rib of beef was superb! I would consider staying at this hotel again. It is a fraction out of the way, being up the wrong side of Buckingham Palace, which meant a few walks down the Mall to a more lively environment, but all in all it's a very good hotel, very smart. Staff make you feel special, and not so expensive either. Recommended!	
Mar 24 2007 	Quintessentially English	We stayed at this hotel for only one night, and it was definitely too short an experience! We would have asked to stay another night but unfortunately we had to leave that day.The service and the smiles that you get with it are the characteristics that set this hotel apart. You get the feeling that the staff are really looking out for you, and genuinely want to to make your stay exceptional. There is no austerity nor pretentiousness about the place.We stayed in an executive double, which was small but perfectly formed. The room reflected on the hotel as a whole: quintessentially english but with all modern conveniences and luxuries too. I particularly liked the fact that nothing was stingy - there were more than ample toiletries (Penhaligon's), complimentary snacks etc. We went out after a light tea and returned at midnight starving so plunder the pantry was fantastic for us; the breakfast was also delicious.All in all, this hotel is onto a winner: 5 star facilities and service, in a great location, with a distinctly personal touch!	
Mar 20 2007 	Great staff oasis of class and calm	We stayed for one night midweek. From our arrival to departure the staff were friendly, helpful and very polite. The rooms are excellent so is the breakfast in the execuitive lounge. It is so quiet you could imagine not being in central London.	
Mar 9 2007 	Gorgeous Boutique Hotel	I stayed in this hotel for one night in February with my boyfriend &amp; thought it was gorgeous. Unfotunately we were only in London for one night, I would definitely like to stay in this hotel for a longer period.The staff were attentive &amp; friendly &amp; the room was beautiful, if slightly small. The location of the hotel is perfect for sight seeing in London - so close to Buckingham Palace you can see it.I'd definitely recommend staying here for a treat.	
Mar 2 2007 	Great experiance	Great Hotel. We stayed here for 3 nights in a split level suite and it was a true pleasure. Staff was very attentive and room was outstanding. Breakfast was very good. Hotel sits adjacent to sister property Reubans, directly across from the Royal Mews @ Buckingham Palace. I would stay here again and recommend to others. Bag of Nails Pub across the way is pretty good for quick bite and a pint.	
Feb 26 2007 	A Jewel In The Crown	What a lovely surprise in Victoria. 41 resembles an elegant private club with beautiful furnishings and outstanding service. The rooms are elegant and very thoughtfully fitted. Mine had a huge marble bath with separate shower and a working fireplace. The bed is comfy and has down pillows and high quality linens. Chantal and Andrew were terrific in making it an exceptional experience. Although there's not much around in the area such as restaurants it is a hotel I would recommend to anyone.	
Feb 5 2007	The BEST HOTEL ever!	Wow! I can't begin to tell you how wonderful this hotel is. From the attentive staff to the elegant reception area to the lovely room and deliciously comfortable bed, Hotel 41 is a romantic jewel of a boutique hotel. The real standout of this treasure, however, is the hotel manager, Chantal, who makes everyone feel special. Whenever my husband and I think of our trip to London, we smile at the memorable Chantal.	
Jan 14 2007 	If you want to splurge it's a nice place to stay	We were looking for a hotel to stay at for two nights before our cruise in July. We were going back and forth between paying for the 41 or staying at it's little brother Rubens at the Palace. We decided to save the extra money and stay at the Rubens.When we were checking in to the hotel, the desk agent mentioned that they had some rooms available at the 41 and would we want to upgrade? Well, I'm a sucker and said yes. It was not a mistake.We were told to wait in the lobby while they send someone from the 41 (located a quick elevator ride updstairs) to come get us. Everything else was handled from there. We were always recognized and greeted by name. Our room was lovely. Small, but very well appointed and a VERY comfortable bed. The bathroom was roomy and hot water abundant.The common rooms were beautiful and for the two nights we were guests, we felt as if we were visiting some friends at their estate. Great honor bar and wonderful snacks in the pantry.The breakfast buffet was fabulous (yummy french yogurt) and one night we ordered dinner and it too was great...and not too pricey.We would stay here again if we return...	
Dec 14 2006 	ok	I dunno, I stay at alot of fine places and decided to stay here on a whim. Normally, you would find me at the Lanesborough, Claridge's, 51 Buck Gate. We booked the conservatory suite for a short 2 night stay. Yeah, I found it relatively inexpensive for a London suite (about 1k a night), but it was cluttered and claustraphobic with only 1 window other than the glass roof.Location is good, lounge is nice, the staff...way over the top. However, as good as they are, I don't think that they can make up what the hotel lacks.	
Dec 13 2006 	Very nice hotel for a great price!	Last September we visited London and stayed at Hotel 41, a very nice boutique hotel that was recommended by our friends. We looked on the internet for the best rate and found it on UniqueSmallHotels. This is a very exclusive hotel but it was still affordable thanks to this website.Everything was nice about this hotel, excellent service, good breakfast and a very nice concierge who arranged theatertickets for us. The London underground is close by and so are all the nice shops. This is a hotel you definitely have to see!	
Nov 20 2006 	Great service let down on the small things	Third time we've stayed here now. Great location, service is a good as you'd expect for this type of hotel - discrete, polite and prompt. Very clean and comfortable.It gets 3 stars from me because it delivers what I expect from a world leading hotel.But, I almost gave the hotel 2 stars because of some little things, for example :Internet access is no longer free. This used to be complementary, but now they charge for it. Not big thing I know, but it was one of the USP's of this hotelThe fire in our room didn't work. House keeping were quick to come &amp; fix it, but she couldn't get it to work. We never heard from anyone else again about it and as far as I know it still doesn't work.You can listen to a wide variety of music through the TV from the hotel &quot;jukebox&quot;, but for £2.99 per CD.The hotel seems to be losing the little things which made it stand out from the competition and some of it feels like penny pinching. When staying in top class hotels ( £400+ per night ) I expect some of the services which the big chains charge for are included in the price.	
Oct 26 2006 	Very nice	I stayed at the Hotel 41 for three nights and four days. The hotel is small, but very, very nice. My cab driver did have trouble finding it since he never heard of it. The hotel is actually a higher end hotel on top of another affiliated hotel. You have to go through a maze of hallways and doors and elevators just to get to the fifth floor lobby. My room had an extremely comfortable bed with a very nice down comforter. The bathroom was very clean and very nice. The staff was great and the service was perfect. The hotel is in a great location, with two nice bars/restaurants down stairs. I would highly recomed this hotel to anyone going to London.	
Oct 19 2006 	Loved this hotel!	I hate london! but when you have this kind of place to stay - where you can hide in the bar where you could be anywhere in the world, then I don't mind going occasionally!There's an honesty bar - wow! and free food every night in plunder in the pantry. Calling direct can get you a great deal. Recommended if you travel alone or for a romantic weekend.	
Sep 27 2006	41 Wonderful Escape in Westminster	September 15-18, 2006. Small group of 4 couples spent three nights at 41. My experience there was fantastic! All rooms are similar but different. Great linens, toiletries, wonderful atmosphere! It was so awesome to return to the hotel each day after touring busy London and feel that we'd entered a private home and were visiting friends for cocktails and catching up on the day's activities. The individual Butler Service was a special treat (my husband returned to the room after leaving to grab a soda and was followed by our Butler carrying a silver tray with two sodas and glasses with ice). I would reccommend 41 to anyone wanting a big city experience but needing down time to recover each day. The entrance to the Royal Mews (Buckingham Palace) is directly across the street. A short 2 city-block walk and you are at the front facade of the palace and are ready to see the Changing of the Guard. Victoria Station is 3 blocks away and makes it easy to access Gatwick Airport via the Gatwick Express or the rest of the city via the Tube.	
Sep 24 2006 	Staff Unbelievable	Stayed at this wonderful property 11 days in July. The staff was the most courteous I have ever encountered. Every day, morning, end of work day, and night, this exemplerary staff met any and all of my needs. They had my coffee waiting just the way I liked it, each day as I left in the morning, I only had to tell them once how I liked my coffee. Every morning, it was ready for me. Every night, I had a bucket of ice at 9pm, (I asked once) and never had to ask again. The turn down service, and daily snacks were very nice touches. The bathroom amenities Penhaligan's were exclusive. The location is great. Close to Victoria station, and the Palace. Walked to different resturants each night. Around the corner from Victoria Palace Theatre. Excellent shopping nearby. Chantal and her staff will take care of the smallest details to ensure that you have a pleasant stay. I would definitely stay at this property again.	
Jul 3 2006	Fabulous Hotel	We stayed at the 41 for the third time in May of 2006. I cannot say enough good things about the hotel. First and foremost, the personal service that you receive at the 41 is incredible. The staff all remembered our names and were always willing to go that extra mile to help us during our stay. From teaching me how to make a Pimm's cocktail to sprinkling rose petals in our room on our anniversary. They also obtained excellent seats for two shows and made reservations for dinner as needed.The hotel itself is beautiful. More like staying at a private club than a hotel. The lounge is a great place to relax after a busy day (or evening). The rooms are beautiful with their black and white decor.We will definitely be back. As soon as we can.	
Jul 1 2006	Location and service great!	We spent 3 nights at this hotel and loved it! Right across from the Royal Mews and a short walk to the underground at Victoria Station. Had a few blips getting our luggage delivered as the elevator was out of order, but Rubens elevator was available to us. No wi-fi, but there was a computer in the lounge to use. Loved the snacks and drink availablity especially after theatre. Would definitely stay there again.	
Jun 19 2006	Lack of attention to detail makes this hotel expensive for what you get	My wife and I have just spent the weekend in this hotel and I am afraid that it did not impress us too much and I sincerely hope it is not the 5th best hotel in London, which is its rating on Tripadvisor at time of writing. Hotel 41 claims to offer a 'small hotel' service where everything is tip-top and well-run. This is not true:The rooms are lovely - quite big and well appointed - but started to lose a bit of contemporary quality feel (and we have stayed in the VERY expensive master suite too so this is not a one-trip review). Some examples: old model TV's, the grout starting to lift from between the tiles, the electrical blinds not working. The service is always delivered with a smile but there is really no care behind the smile - we thought that as 41 is adjoined to the Reubens they must share staff etc. and therefore they have lost that small hotel feel, which we wanted.The room service food is adequate. Nothing else to say on this.The breakfast that is served in the library is no more than you would expect to get in any other 5 star hotel. In fact, you may even say it would be less.Other small criticisms that are speicific to our stay:We had an 8am alarm call on Sunday morning that we never asked for.Our pass key expired after one day for no apparent reasonwe did not recieve our newspaper on Sunday morning - not a crime but if you are asked if you want one, why not deliver it?The electirc blinds in our room did not work. No great problem in itself but in the 'making the room dark' scheme of things, quite important. Reported the problem to an unconcerned reception and then have 3 different people fail to make them work whilst we are eating our adequate room service meal. Had to ask the 3rd person to leave as repeating the actions of previous 2 people was probably not going to make it work...When I came to pay the bill, not only had they got it wrong but also I realised that the rate I had been quoted was exclusive of VAT - thank you for another £100 on the bill, which by this time was looking quite large in relation to what we had received. I would like to count myself as someone that would make the connection between 'exclusive of VAT' and another £50 per night and am 100% sure that it was not mentioned to me at time of booking.Anyway, I think that my wife and I are pretty easy going people and I would not have bothered to write this review if it weren't for the fact that this hotel is so expensive and I would not want people to think that this is the best that London has to offer. I got the impression that the place was set-up for overseas visitors, especially Americans, to get some idea of a throwback to the empire and upper-class living. What I found was a place that is not representative of modern London and surely there are better ways to blow your money in London?The long and short of it is that you will always have a pleasant stay here but I wonder if there are better places to go?	
May 29 2006	Superb hotel and suite	41 is an excellent hotel, offering something different than the larger london hotels. The hotel is entirely set on the 5th Floor of 41 Buckingham Palace Road ( it used to be the grand ballroom for the Ruebens next door).Everthing is based around the Excecutive Lounge which has the feeling of and Gentlemans Club. Breakfast is served, as well as evening drinks, and if you are feeling peckish at any time you can 'raid the pantry'.We had a split level suite, which had a small seeting area downstairs with a desk, chairs and a flat screen TV. This area was overlooked by a small gallery which was the bedroom. The bed was hugely comfortable. There was another flat screen TV in the bedroom.The bathroom was very large. A very good size walk in shower with very good pressure. The jacuzzi bath was wonderfull. Very long, wide, deep and another flat screen TV to watch while you soaked.Staff are attentive, but not intrusive, making the effort to remember names. We had a 'Romantic' Turn Down Service which consisted of a heart made from rose petals on the bed, as well as two roses, bottled water and the next days weather forecast. Also canpes are offered in your room early evening which was a very nice touch.The only fault we had was at breakfast. I had to ask for an English breakfast (rather than being asked for an order) and when it arrived it was pretty much stone cold. They staff were of course extremely apologetic and immediately offered a fresh replacement.Overall this is a superb choice if you want that personal touch, in intermit surroundings.	
May 18 2006	Fab hotel for my 50th	I went to this hotel with 3 long time friends for my 50th birthday. We had a really fantastic time (and for the lady who questioned whether she could book twin beds, you can!) We especially loved the bathroom - lots of fluffy towels, 2 types of robes and Penghalion smellies. We enjoyed the lovely lounge area and the staff could not have been kinder. Would be a great hotel for a lady holidaying alone. My only negative comment is the buffet breakfast - never hot enough for me, and cooked to order would have made it perfect.	
Apr 24 2006 	my home from home!	I adore 41! I stay here on average twice a month for business and I even choose this hotel for weekend breaks in London too! It's a very rare thing to find somewhere that you can go back to time and again and never be disappointed.Service is superb and you won't find a better, friendlier or more helpful team than Chantal and her staff. Nothing is too much trouble and the attitude is summed up by the button on the room phone which just says &quot;whatever, whenever&quot;...The rooms vary in size (I think I've tried them all now), but no matter which one you get, you will be delighted by the quality of the room and all the nice little touches. Smaller rooms can be quite compact, but the bed will still be large and comfortable and the rooms are so cleverly designed that even the smallest one lacks for nothing...There is no formal restaurant (except next door at the Ruebens), but you can have anything from a snack to a full meal in the lovely lounge.There is only 1 tiny thing that could be an issue which is that the nearest parking is a good 10 to 15 minute walk away at Victoria Coach Station. However, call the hotel and advise when you are arriving and they will happily valet park your car - problem solved!41 is fantastic - stay here , you'll love it!	
Apr 5 2006 	Superb place in London	Excellent staff, rooms, and service. Pefect combination of service without snob. Rooms are wonderful with excellent beds and amenities. Staff are helpful and professional at all times. Any need is met with timely and high level service. Don't want to rave too much as would like to be able to get a room there in the future! Thanks to all the fantastic staff at the 41.	
Apr 2 2006	Delightful place	If you are looking to stay in a palace of ornamental pomp and ceremony - this isn't your place. Instead, this hotel is calm, charming and deeply comfortable in every quarter. A distinctive black &amp; white colour theme (tiles, carpets, drapes, etc), and walls decorated by limited edition Vanity Fair cartoons, all help create an air of elegance yet gentle playfulness. (One imagines staying in the home of a kindly and midly eccentric Victorian gentleman.) Consistently excellent, thoughtful yet friendly service is delivered in a way that left us feeling like the staff possessed a rare, genuine wish to make our visit a special one; echoed by a &quot;Whatever/Whenever&quot; room service button on the phone. Food is relatively simple but tasty fare and reasonably priced at about £12-£15 for a main course. Breakfasts are excellent. Those who appreciate a good cuppa will most certainly find it to their taste. Overall, this a special place which should be hugely enjoyed by those wanting to unwind in some style, but without the precious formalities of larger five-star hotels.	
Mar 26 2006	wow wow wow wow wow!!!!	wow what a fabulous hotel!!great location right by buckingham palace (its on buckingham palace road)we stayed in the conservatory suite which was very stylish, comfortable, big, and full of amenities. 3 t.v.s including one one the small first floor of the suite by a quaint dining table. the second in a sort of bureau that went up and down(flat screen lcd phillips tv w/ dvd player. and the third in the bathroom which was another large flat screen phillips. the bathroom was huge with big jucussi bathtub + a handhelp shower, very comfortable and relaxing!!!! as well as a shower with a wonderful waterfall spray. the bed was king-size, great bedding, and extremely cmfortable. and the best was that there was sliding plastic covers (similar to pool covers only white) taht revealed a beautiful atrium and so we could watch the sky all day (hence the conservatory suite) the room service was incredible, beautifully served, and great food, very quick. the people were always friendly. the lounge was very useful and afternoon tea always came immediately and was delicious even if we asked for it at 7:00 pm.we originally were at the rubens right next door and thought it was absolutely horrible so we went next door to 41 and it happened to be owned by the same company so our room was considered an upgrade. best hotel ever!!!!!!	
Mar 14 2006	Absolutely amazing hotel.	Everything about this hotel was perfect. We stayed for 1 night for our anniversary, perfect place to spend it! The service was excellent, from turn down at night, room service to breakfast and papers in the morning! The bathroom was lovely, separate shower and bath. The fire wasnt working which was a shame, this was the only complaint. Definately will be coming back.	
Mar 2 2006	Chantal and 41 are absolutely lovely!	Having just returned yesterday from our stay at 41, I have to admit that I will never, ever, look for another place to stay while visiting London. My partner and I went for my 30th birthday, had booked 3 days at 41 London, and 2 at a B&amp;B called the Main House. It suffices to say that we cancelled our reservation at the Main House and spent the entire trip with Chantal and the rest of the fabulous staff at 41 London. The rooms were perfectly appointed, spotlessly clean, with service that goes unrivaled. The bathroom was stocked with Penhaligon's, and each nite, turn down service inlcuded a lovely carnation. Adding to the hotel's ambience is the beautiful and charming Chantal. It was funny to go back and read reviews today, I had no idea she was so popular, but it does not surprise me... stay at 41 and then tell me if you can possibly not fall in love with this young lady. She makes staying at 41 worth every last cent, thank you Chantal and thank you 41 London for making my 30th birthday the best one yet.--- Otis and M. Face	
Jan 19 2006	An Entrancing Hotel	From the moment we walked through the door we were entranced! The rooms were lovely, the service charming and breakfast was excellent. I booked this through a website called Tablet Hotels that was very easy to use and will gladly use again.	
Jan 11 2006	Chantal made our stay!!	We stayed for just one night at the hotel and wished we could have stayed longer. Chantal welcomed us on arrival and we were shown our rooms. From the outset we were given the impression that nothing was too much trouble. All the little extras were duly noticed. It's nice to stay at a hotel that isn't impersonal and I can't reccommend this highly enough. We never stay at a hotel twice as we are a bit picky and always find something to moan about, be it the mildew around the bath or the shards of glass left on bathroom floors. I can quite honestly say that I couldn't find anything to complain about. We really enjoyed our trip to London. (If you like peppermint tea try theirs!!) We seriously plundered the pantry on our return from seeing Cirque du Soleil at the Albert Hall, and it was a lovely end to the evening.The Tower of London is well worth a visit and costs £14 for adults. Buckingham Palace is open from September and we will return to visit it.Please note ladies that during sale season shops open at 11am!! and 12 noon on Sundays. (Not at 10 as I thought).Chantal if you ever read this....you make the hotel what it is thank you for being so kind to us.	
Dec 27 2005	Wonderful Hotel	Beautiful small hotel within five minutes walking distance of Buckingham Palace and Victoria Station. We picked this hotel because of the reviews I read on Trip Advisor and were not disappointed. The rooms were beautifully decorated and immaculately clean. There were delicious snacks always available at no extra charge in the library,as well as great tea, coffee, continental breakfast, and sandwich makings were availble after 8PM. Wines and other alcoholic beverages were of course, extra, but always available.The staff was wonderful, very friendly and helpful. There was someone available 24/7 in the library to offer any assistance needed. There was always a fire in the fireplace and fresh flowers. The Assistant Manager, Lonneke Verhaegh was especially helpful and enjoyable.We used the free internet connection in the library loft to access our email and surf the web daily, which was very convenient.My only reservations in recommending this hotel is that it could be a for anyone who has difficulty with stairs. You have to go up about four steps to get to the elevator to take you into the hotel, which is located on the 5th floor of The Rubens Hotel. The computers are located in the loft which is up some stairs from the library. But the main reason I mention this is that the bathtubs are raised and require some care and agility to get in and out safely. However, there was a separate shower in our bathroom, and I think in all rooms. The bathrooms were exceptionally nice.	
Dec 25 2005	Loved the room but stay away from drinks or food in the lounge	The room was one of the best I've stayed at in London, and for the price you can't beat it for a weekend getaway. The only downsides were that the kingsize bed was made of two singles put together in the frame which gave an uncomfortable seam down the centre, and the fireplace was not working and we did not feel like having anyone interupt us to try to fix it.The rooms were top notch, and the service was just as good. the bathrooms have everything you could ever need and are kitted out with plush towels and robes as well as some of the best toiletries I have ever seen in a hotel.	
Dec 9 2005	Unbelievable london hotel	We stayed here on our wedding night for two nights and had a fantastic experience that we will remember for the rest of our lives.We arrived around 2am after our wedding reception had finished. Upon arrival, we were greeted by the butler/receptionist who congratulated us and took us straight to our room. The room had been decorated with rose petals on the bed and bunches of roses, floating candles everywhere! Very romantic and just what we needed to end a very exciting day.We informed our butler that we were absolutley starving (having eaten very little at the reception) and she quickly put together a tray of goodies (cheese, toast, chocolates, yoghurts etc) and brought it to our room.The bed was the most comfortable bed on the planet! The bathroom equisite - two showers, heated towel rail, large sink, lots of lotions etc.In the morning we were brought breakfast in bed, I was still sleeping, and didn't even notice the butler bringing in our breakfast and placing it on the bed in time for me to wake up. The breakfast is huge and delicious. I really didn't feel like I was in the middle of central london.We would definately stay here again, just need another excuse given that we actually live in London.	
Nov 17 2005	What a treat!	We stayed one night here at the end of a month-long European tour. Compared to the average hotels we had been staying in, this was heaven.We were spoiled from the moment we pressed the buzzer. There is a private entrance, which they buzz you into, then they come down the elevator to greet you and lead you up to your room. We were seated in our room in front of the fireplace, given our choice of complimentary glasses of wine, and given an orientation to the room. Then we were shown to the executive library and the butler’s pantry (stocked with goodies, and complimentary after 8:30 pm). Oh yes, and we were shown the ‘anything, any time’ button on the phone, which would summon our personal butler.The room was very nice, and the turn-down service was lovely. They turned down the bed, of course, with chocolates on the pillows, and slippers placed beside the bed in such a way that when you get out of bed in the morning, your feet would slide right in. They lit the candles in the bathroom, and turned on the towel warmer too! Lovely. The bed was the most amazing bed I’ve ever slept in and I found it very comfortable.It was so convenient being able to walk to do siteseeing. It was such a fantastic location. I was a bit disappointed that I paid for a view of the Palace, and what you see is the far back end of the complex. You don't have a view of the front, where you stand and see Buckingham Palace as a tourist. That is really the only negative comment I have though.The complimentary breafkast was delightful. We ordered dinner into the room, and were surprised by how delicious it was, and the really good prices. I was expecting higher food prices, given the type of hotel. We used the executive library to send a few emails, and enjoyed the peace and quiet there. We didn't run into too many other guests. It was very private and quiet.We managed to get an excellent rate, so I feel that we definitely got more than we paid for. I would definitely come back again.	
Nov 14 2005	Loved 41 	The hotel was in a great location. We loved the small feel and attention to guests. Chantal, the manager, was over the top. She welcomed us and assisted with our every need. She and her staff really do make you feel special. The room was very spacious, clean, large, and comfortable. Will stay there again when in London.	
Nov 5 2005	Elegant and sedate...	As we walked out of the hotel on the morning we were leaving the Queen drove by in one of the Royal car’s (a Bentley) – complete with Lady in Waiting in attendance - obviously on her way to an official engagement.This should give some indication of how close to the Royal Mews/Buckingham Palace Hotel 41 is located. However, if you are hoping for sneak peak from your hotel window of the royal ‘goings-on’ you’ll be in for a disappointment, none of the 16 rooms has a view – certainly not towards the Royal Mews. Arriving at the hotel, the entrance is next door to the Reuben’s Hotel, we rang the intercom and a member of staff came down to meet us. Standing for several minutes in the wind and rain was less that wonderful, but maybe I missed the opportunity to actually gain entry to the foyer…or security ensures a member of staff actually lets you gain access to the building on the first occasion? Anyone concerned with safety should note this door is always locked and your room key swipe-card is needed to enter. The only way up to the hotel floor is via a lift. The entrance hall is a pre-curser to the style of the hotel with wood panelling, brass and marble fixtures and a couple of antique style, high back black leather chairs. The lift takes you up to the 5th floor (not small, not huge dependant on your luggage) and, as our room was ready, Hette escorted us straight to our Executive Room (number 4111). I have to say it was a first to actually go through the check-in process sitting at the desk in our room. After she had shown us around the various features and their operation we were free to explore our surroundings for ourselves.The black and white, animal print, dark wood furniture décor is very much the ambience of a gentleman’s club come colonial theme. Our room was a reasonable size with a small window looking out to the office block opposite and onto Bressenden Place. A voile curtain ensures daytime privacy and there’s both a roman blind and curtain (drapes) for the evening.There was a large 6’ bed – one mattress not two together as another reviewer noted – with plenty of pillows, a black chenille throw and a selection of toning throw cushions. A little on the firm side but otherwise comfortable. The main room included a small round table and 2 chairs, large desk with a fax machine, internet connection, in the drawers a bijoux selection of little black leather boxes containing an eraser, paperclips, pencil sharpener (no pencil though!), post-it notes, scissors plus a stapler and hole-punch. The kettle, tea &amp; coffee supplies are hidden in the cupboard and there is a large mirror on the desk - useful for anyone needing more of a dressing-table than a desk. The working gas fireplace is a nice touch although we didn’t need to use it. The air-conditioning seemed efficient for anyone staying at the hotel in the summer months.A large corner cupboard contains the flat screen TV (no DVD but we didn’t request one) which also has an internet facility. There’s also an Honour Bar and, for once, a good selection of glasses (champagne, wine and tumblers). Around 6pm the Butler arrived with an ice-bucket and ice plus lemon slices and a few canapés. No cork screw, only a bottle opener, but I’m sure the ‘Whatever, Whenever’ call button on the phone would see one arriving fairly quickly.The wardrobe will be a squeeze for anyone travelling with more than a few items to hang up. This is largely due to the amount of items stored in the closet...a folding luggage rack, iron and ironing board, hairdryer, 2 umbrellas, shoe-horn and clothes brush and the safe plus bags for laundry, ironing and dry cleaning plus a few drawers. All very useful but the lack of storage (in this room at least) could be an issue for some. One ball-gown and you’re done for! There was a decorative chest in the room which would work as a place to leave a small suitcase. We had a complementary ‘mobile (cell) phone’ but this is for use within the hotel ie should you be expecting a call and think you may sitting in the Executive Lounge or The Reuben’s next door not for when out-and-about.Again the bathroom was not huge but of a reasonable size, very bright and very clean and continued the black and white theme with monogrammed Hotel 41 linens. One bath tub with a huge shower rose plus a hand held shower attachment. The bath fills up very quickly, but for anyone with mobility issues it might be a struggle to get into, and out of, safely I fear. Rather high-sided, but at least long enough and deep enough to relax and follow the Jet Lag avoidance tips on the note on the bathroom shelf once you do manage to get in. There was a good-size walk-in shower (with the same shower rose plus hand held attachment combo) and both the bath and shower had full-size bars of Penhaligon’s soap as well as a plentiful selection of Penhaligon’s toiletries. Good supply of tissues (Kleenex) cotton wool and so on too. On our return that evening there was a bowl of water with a floating candle and soft lighting left on in the bathroom. The bathroom also contains the biggest and most efficient magnifying mirror I’ve come across in a while – a tad scary to see oneself in such close-up! There where numerous elegant and thoughtful touches during our stay. A selection of fresh fruit left in our room during the afternoon. The 6pm ice and canapés delivered to the room by the butler. On returning from our evening out, along with the bathroom candle mentioned above, the bed was turned back, the robes left lying on the bed with slippers on a linen mat on each side of the bed. The Room Service menu was left open at the cocktails page and the TV Guide on that night’s TV, bottled water and glasses on each bedside table along with the Room Service breakfast menu and the next day’s weather forecast and a little bag of marshmallows and the Evening Standard newspaper with classical music playing on the radio. There has been some confusion about the Plunder the Pantry facility in previous reviews of this hotel. It seems quite simple once you know, after 8.30pm anything you take food wise is free – drinks are always charged, whatever the time of day - and food and snacks at all other times, other than the included breakfast.We did take advantage and plundered the pantry on our return that night. The offerings included breads, ham, chicken, salad, relishes, nuts and nibbles, fruits and yoghurt. A very nice young man, called Rollof, was on hand to offer assistance or make drinks or cocktails if required. Breakfast is taken in the Executive Lounge – I fully expected to find Aubrey Beardsley in one corner and Oscar Wilde in the other (actually that would be The Cadogan Hotel!) again with the gentleman’s club décor and feel. The included breakfast is tea, coffee, juices, toast, pastries, fruit, cereals, cheeses and hams. A cooked English breakfast is available for 15 pounds. Overall if you like a sedate and elegant atmosphere with attentive staff and good attention to detail this is the place for you - it does give the feel of staying at a private club.If you want something a little more lively and hip - along with glorious views - maybe not.	
Oct 26 2005	Nice but Suite not worth the $$$	My boyfriend and I just returned from a three night stay at Hotel 41. Overall the hotel was great but I would like to pass on a couple of tips.We stayed in a suite for about $700 cdn/ night( 335 GBP). The room was nice but there was no view. We asked if we could change to a room that wasn’t looking at the roof but the manager told us there were no rooms in the hotel with a view. The suites are split level but the downstairs portion was just not functional. There was a TV, mini bar and a very small uncomfortable sofa downstairs but we spent all of our time upstairs because it we found downstairs very uninviting. Basically, I would recommend not getting a suite but just a normal room. My boyfriend spent a lot of time (while I was getting ready etc…) in the Executive Lounge, snacking, drinking etc. He preferred to go to the lounge than hang out downstairs in our suite.Another problem we had was with the beds. They look big and great but were actually two beds pushed together. I have often seen this in European hotels but this bed was extremely uncomfortable. The mattresses were not level, creating about a ½ height difference in the middle of the bed. We had to sleep on opposite sides of the bed which kind of defeats the purpose of a romantic getaway. We did ask if there was a better bed but they said they would fix it. By the third night the gap/ height difference was so bad that I couldn’t wait to have a good night sleep in my own bed at home.The staff was pretty great. Always eager to serve and please. The location was also great- across the street from the Royal Mews and a quick walk to Victoria Station. This hotel does have room for improvement though. I would suggest to the management to invest in larger and more comfortable sofas in the downstairs of the suites. Other wise, having the split level just becomes a nuisance of running up and down the stairs. The beds should also be made to be on the same level.Anyway, overall, the hotel was good. My boyfriend and I travel a fair bit and like to stay in nice boutique hotels. This hotel did not rank amongst the top of our list but it was a sweet hotel with many unique features. Hopefully with some improvements, the hotel will progress in several areas including making the suites more functional. P.S- I did not want to write this review to be negative. However, I just wanted to pass on some tips. If you already have booked this hotel and are reading this review… don’t panic!... you’ll have a lovely time, it’s a great hotel in a fabulous city.If you have any questions, feel free to email: jayegordon1@hotmail.com	
Oct 21 2005	Wonderful cozy rooms at 41	We stayed at Hotel 41 in late September based on reviews from this site and were very pleased with our choice. After long days of touring London, it was such a treat to come &quot;home&quot; to our wonderful room. The bed, with its fluffy white duvet and pillows, was so comfortable and inviting. Every evening when we'd return to our room, the bed had been turned down, slippers and robes were laid out, and soft classical music was playing on the bedside radio. A floating candle was lit in the bathroom and a tray of canapes was left on the table. It was such a treat and so soothing!The only thing that was possibly a negative for us was how quiet the whole place is. We rarely ran into other guests, even in the executive lounge. This could be a plus for some, but we prefer a little more lively atomosphere. But the rooms were so wonderful (staff great too) that we would stay there again.	
Oct 7 2005	A minus	The positives are that the staff is very helpful, and you can reach someone 24 hours a day with any questions you may have. Also, breakfast is included in the price of the room, and they will deliver it for no extra charge. The room we stayed in was beautifully decorated and had a great bathroom with a big tub and separate stall shower. However, the TV was only average, and we did not have a DVD player (as it seemed we would from other reviews.) In fact, when I called to request one, I was told it was already being used in another room. There was internet access in the room, but for a fee. (You could go into the lounge, though, and use it for free.) In fact, the drinks and some of the food you get from the &quot;Plunder the Pantry&quot; program are charged to your room, not free--it's almost like a fancy honor bar. The Executive lounge is nice (that's where the internet access, pantry, and helpful staff can be found), but it's kind of remote. For example, when you walk into the hotel, you enter a tiny and isolated lobby--no people to be seen. You then take an elevator to the 4th floor and have to walk down a corridor of rooms to enter the Executive lounge--so it's a feeling of being a roomer in a large private home, more than a hotel vibe where you might actually meet someone and have a conversation--it's very much a feeling of you being alone with the staff. I'm glad I got the room with my miles and didn't have to pay for it--there was just a very unlively feel to the place. On the other hand, they were great with directions, currency exchange, etc. (I stayed at the Dorset Square and found the staff just as helpful for much less $$. If I were PAYING my own money, I'd probably opt to go there over the 41.) It was really nice, but I guess I'm just surprised that it's rated #4 right now on Tripadvisor.	
Sep 18 2005	A Hotel to Remember	Luxurious and lavish accommodations made our two night hotel stay a memorable one. The welcoming hotel staff, awesome room amenities, and cozy bed helped make our visit to London enjoyable. The extra touches including a complimentary bowl of fruit, bottled water placed at your nighstand in the evening during turndown, night light in bathroom and the &quot;whatever whenever&quot; button available for our every need contributed to making our stay from great to outstanding. The comfortable and cozy bed provided one of our best night's sleep which was genuinely needed after two weeks in Europe. The location was perfect as our first tour was right across the street at Buckingham Palace. There were restaurants, shops and transportion close by including the tube and Victoria Station. This hotel has made it to the top of our best hotels to stay at and we are looking forward to staying there on our next visit. Although the price is overly expensive, we got our money's worth and will always remember our stay at the Hotel 41.	
Sep 15 2005	Top Drawer	I adored everything about this hotel: location, staff, breakfast, late night cappucino, specutacular furnishings in room. I've travelled around the world, and this hotel ranks in the top three, all time, for me.	
Sep 7 2005	diamond in the rough	What a wonderful little find this hotel is. My husband and I stayed here both pre and post cruise when we took our cruise on the Queen Mary 2 this August. From the second we arrived the service was impeccable. We were offered a cold drink, asked if we needed any dinner plans, and were given a hot towel. It was more like a family member greeting us than hotel staff. The room was a delight! (a little small like all european hotels) and one of the best equipped rooms I ever stayed in. There was everything from 2 different types of bath robes to even a pencil sharpener in the desk drawer. The bed was comfortable with 350+ theard count sheets. I can go on and on about the room. Even at turn down, they left a lighted candle in the bathroom and glasses of fresh bottled water at the bed side. If you are discerning clientele this hotel is for you!!	
Aug 28 2005	Service and room beyond compare	My husband and I stayed here in January 2005 and it was the best hotel we have ever stayed in. It was more expensive than what we typically look for, but every day we were there was better than the previous one. Plus every hotel in London is expensive, so we resigned ourselves to the fact that we would be spending a lot of money. We walked with our luggage from Victoria Station which is very close by. It was early on a Sunday morning since we had flown from the US, but we were given a temporary room to freshen up before we started our day on the town. The temporary room was beautiful! The manager discovered it was our first visit to London and suggested a doubledecker bus tour to acquaint ourselves with the city. She arranged with the concierge to get the tickets and send us on our way. By the time we returned to the hotel later that day our room was ready. All of the rooms are black and white. We had a corner room with about a 15 foot ceiling and a fireplace. The bath had a tub/shower and separate shower. The bed was sooo comfortable. The first night I couldn't get the fireplace to work because the pilot light had gone out. The manager herself came to the room with one of the butlers in tow. She apologized for her appearance - she was in an evening gown and about to go to a party. She swept down to the floor and got the fireplace lit for us. We received this same level of service throughout our stay. The staff of butlers was wonderful and extremely helpful. They man the library/lounge all day and attend to drink needs and anything else you want. Every night when we returned to our room something was a little different. One night there were floating candles lit in a crystal bowl in the bathroom. Another night I had a white orchid by my bedside. One evening a butler brought a selection of canapes to our room. I mentioned that I liked a marmalade served at breakfast every morning and found a small cache of them wrapped up my room that night. We felt priviliged to stay here. The location was wonderful and the hotel is very cozy, but not in a creepy bed and breakfast way. It was very quiet and peaceful (of course, it was January). I would love to stay here again when I return to London.	
Aug 18 2005	wonderful	We have just returned from a stay at no 41. From the moment we arrived we were treated as if we were special, the staff were fantastic, my special thanks to Chantel (the inhouse manager) who made our stay magical.when we arrived we were asked why we were visiting london, I explained it was our anniversary, and we were treated to to Champayne and canape's.There are only 18 rooms at no 41, we stayed in room 4111 which was fantastic. Decorated in a black and white theme with the most amazing, comfortable large king size bed, I counted 3 telephones and fax machine ect, plasma TV, DVD player and even a Marble working fireplace. and fresh orchids. The bathroom has no less than three showers, two in the large bath and a seperate shower cubicle, luxury soaps and bubble bath, shampoo's ect are supplied as well as bathrobes and slippers. Tea and coffee making facilities as well as a full bar and 24 hr room service.We booked seats at the theatre through the hotel, and when we got back in the evening, we helped ourselves to the (pantry) free of charge, this included fruit, breads, cheeses, and meats. a perfect end to a perfect day.When it was time to check out, Chantel, presented us with a card and lovely gift.We have stayed in hotels all over the world, most rated in the top ten best. However the service here was unrivaled, and the staff could not do enough to ensure we had a fantastic time. I did not want to leave, and will deffinately return.	
Aug 18 2005	very boaring	For how much money they charge the hotel is very boaring....The entrance looked like entering a old egyption tomb...all the staff were young and act like they ard doing a summer job.. the black and white theme didn't work for us at all...we had to find a diffrent hotel for the rest of our visit to london..Now if you like to be very very very slow place, the hotel would be great for you...after all big disappointment	
Aug 12 2005	Fabulous service and great location	I stayed at Hotel 41 with my daughter and we were made to feel like a princess and a queen! The room was charming and extremely well appointed with plasma TV, candlelit turndown and a butler to deliver whatever we wanted (and whenever). The executive lounge was lovely (but I was taken aback to be charged for a few things that I believed were complimentary).Planning to return in November!	
Aug 8 2005	Absolutely Loved this Hotel!	My wife and I stayed at 41 for our anniversary in July and absolutely loved it! After much research on hotels in the city, I decided to take a chance based partly on the reviews from this site. We were so pleased upon arrival! The location was outstanding, room extremely comforable and cozy, staff so nice, and general feeling in the hotel very, very comfortable. My only concern is the same as another reviewer on this site, and that is the time beverages and snacks actually cost something as opposed to being 'free'. My wife and I were very confused as well, and the hotel should address this. Otherwise, this was a perfect stay in a wonderful city! I would recommend this hotel to anyone and everyone!!	
Aug 6 2005	A suberb boutiuqe luxury hotel	The 41 Hotel is a delightful and unique hotel experience. Conveniently set across the street from the Buckingham Palace Mews, this is a small, boutique luxury hotel with an enthusiastic commitment to servicing, indeed pampering, its guests. The elegant two-floor atrium lobby-dining room abounds with skylights, leather bindings, and padded chairs; there is a serene club-like atmosphere which permeates throughout. The richly appointed rooms (typically on the European smaller side) have an innovative, contemporary flair which contrasts well with the building's older architechture. The rooms are extremely comfortable with many design features that impressed me. Lighting, internet connectivity and in-room &quot;home theater&quot; are state of the art. The marble bathrooms are brillilantly designed and the shower must be one of the best I have ever had...anywhere! In short, this was a very, very memorable hotel experience. I came to London on this visit for two days for a very important business meeting. The 41 provided a calm, relaxing and luxurious setting for which I was very grateful. I can't imagine staying anywhere else on my next trip to London.	
Aug 4 2005	Best Ever	My husband and I stayed at 41 for four nights in late July and found it to be everything the brochure said it was. I believe the gentleman who said there was no food available during &quot;plunder the pantry&quot; hours just didn't look in the glass-fronted refrigerator below the counter--it was fully stocked with sliced meats, cheeses, yogurts, fruits, etc. At breakfast there was a beautiful array of fruits, cheeses, yogurts, fresh European-style breads, pastries, meats, etc., plus coffee, tea, cappacinos, juices all served by friendly polite staff. In general, the staff was superb--we arrived mid-morning and as our room wasn't quite ready we sat down in the sky-lit lounge and enjoyed coffee and short bread. As soon as our room was ready (well before the stated check-in time) we were asleep in the luxurious bed. The room was rather small, but the bedding was very high quality and the bathroom well-appointed. Each night, fresh bottled water and a sweet was delivered. My only complaint was the lack of communication as to when you were being charged for food in the lounge. Upon check-out there was 50 pounds of food charges from our afternoon teas and snacks. So, I think that between the hours of 11am and 8pm you're charged, but not before or after. In any event, I highly recommend this hotel if you want to feel special and pampered. The staff took care of everything. We stayed at The Milestone for three days after 41 and while it is a lovely hotel, it's not nearly as special as 41.	
Aug 3 2005	A most pretentious hotel	Was expecting something really special based on reviews on this website but was hugely disappointed. Room was small with poor natural light from window to one side of a huge and ugly piece of furniture containing the TV. It was only just possible to walk round the king sized bed.Also, hardly any wardrobe hanging space due to another large piece of furniture containg a safe. TV reception was poor with inferior Philips LCD picture quality and the whole system was overcomplicated.Bathroom was well kitted out but again was small. My main complaint about the room however was the noise from people moving along the adjacent main corridor and an intermittant but loud plumbing rumble. These noises combined to disturb me throughout the night. The 'executive' lounge is too small to enjoy a quiet drink without being on top of other guests. The receptionists desk is located there further reducing the available space.Most of the books on display are fake which sums up this place.Breakfast however was good. Try staying at the Chancery Court hotel in Holborn as that is really a luxury hotel with decent sized rooms.	
Jul 10 2005	Nice but not at the price	After staying at the Rubens hotel several times and hearing the buzz on 41 next door, I decided to try it this time out. Unfortunately, I did not feel it was worth the rate paid. The staff was courteous, but the room and amenities just seemed lacking. Our &quot;suite&quot; was split-level, but the lower level of the suite was tiny with a little loveseat across from the tv that was too small to comfortably sit back and relax for one person and certainly not big enough for two (and we are not large people.) So, consequently, we had no use for that part of the suite except to pass through it on our way in and out. The rest of the time in our room was spent upstairs, which was equally difficult to navigate as there is absolutely no room for baggage. A fold out baggage stand would have helped with one of our bags, but alas, we didn't even have that. So... our bags had to remain in the middle of the floor as there was no where else in the room to store them. We tried to hang as many of our clothes in the closet as we could so as to avoid even having to open our bags, but we couldn't take everything out and so had to have the bags literally stacked up taking up most of the floor space. The views from the windows in the room amounted to nothing. The other thing that bothered me were the little amenities that everyone, including our friends who have stayed at 41, seem to rave about but were lacking in our stay. The lit candle each night was received on our first night only and not again on any of the other four nights. The jelly beans, dvd, cd... all of those little extras... non-existant in our room. The plunder the pantry in the lounge each evening was truly nothing more than a few bags of nibbles (some cheese crackers, crisps, and the same wrapped candies that they put on your pillow with turn-down each night.) Disappointing and not much to plunder at all. If you have a drink whilst in the lounge, it is charged to your room. The days of all-inclusive, as it was when our friends visited, are over. With that said, this just becomes a very nicely decorated but over-priced hotel with service/amenities you could get at a number of hotels throughout London for the same, or possibly less, in price. It makes me wonder if some of the glowing reviews posted on this site are legit. I would only recommend 41 if perhaps you can get a stellar deal via internet. Paying full price will only leave you feeling slighted. My favourites in London will continue to be the Rubens and the Draycott where at least if you pay for a suite, you truly get one.	
Jun 28 2005	Outstanding!	The biggest jewel in London is not going to be found in the Tower of London but at 41 Buckingham Palace Road! This hotel will become for me, the benchmark upon which all future stays will be measured. I recently spent four days in London. Each and every staff member went out of there way to help make our stay incredible. The room was immaculate, the housekeeping, top-notched. Recent stays at The Rancho Mirage, The Ritz in Phoenix, and the St. Francis in San Francisco cannot even reach the level of service I enjoyed here. (I think the big names in the business need to send their managers here to see how a hotel should be run.) The location is absolutely perfect, especially if you are coming in from Gatwick. This hotel is discreetly located next to the Ruben. The 30 minute walk the first time I arrived ended up being no more than 5 minutes once I mastered the route. The trick is to disembark from the Gatwick Express and walk straight out of the station. Once outside, make a left for a half a block to Buckingham Palace Road. (There is a black iron gate along this road which sets it apart form all the others.) Turn right and proceed for three short blocks. The last block has a passageway that goes under the road but just take the crosswalk that is a few yards down.)If you are looking for something special, this is the place. It truly is. Thank you Chantel and all of the staff for being so kind and helpful. We look forward to many happy returns on future trips to Europe. Enjoy!	
Jun 22 2005 	Amazing Personal service amazing location great rooms.	I travel 40-60 days per year. Always on a expense account. Always for buisness. I usually only stay at Westins if I can.Great service matters. Quiet clean rooms matter. Nice beds and quietness matters.If all of this matters to you, then 41 Hotel is the right place for you.I had a wonderfull 3 day stay. They have complimentary food around the clock available. Honor bar in lounge and staff to attend your every need. Free internet.More like staying at a good friends house.I will be back when I return to London.	
Jun 5 2005	The best hotel I have stayed in!	I stayed here with my boyfriend for his birthday. We stayed in an executive room which was perfect. The best part was the 'turn-down' which included leaving a candle lit in the bathroom, fruit, ice bucket, slice of lemon and lime for drinks and a newspaper on the table, robes and breakfast menu placed on the beds and slippers placed near the bed and the lights dimmed and curtains closed. They also open the tv guide on the correct page and put it on a bedside table. The show pillows had been taken off the bed also. This was brilliant to come back to after a long day around london. The hotel seems to think of everything they even have an unbrella in the wardrobe and lots of stationary in the desk. It is near victoria underground station which was useful, but it was very hard for us to find going on the directions we were given when we booked. I don't know any other hotel like this it was a good change from the &quot;classical English&quot; design that most london hotels have. The bathroom was also great. Our room was always restocked with anything that we had used. The service was also great. The staff were friendly and always smiled. The manager seemed to know all her guests names. Things like this would be impossible in a big hotel. However they didn't put fresh flowers in the room and there was not a dvd library or cd library in the room. I was not bothered about this I didn't go to London to watch dvds but they should provide what they say they will. Overall 41 seemed so personal compared to other hotels. I would stay here again without a doubt.	
Jun 4 2005	Perfection!!!	Stayed at the Hotel 41 for the first 3 nights of our European honeymoon and found it to be the best hotel either of us have ever stayed in. You feel as though you're staying at a private club and the service from all staff members was excellent. The room was very nice and a very good size. The bathroom contained both a tub and seperate shower with a huge powerful showerhead (high-end toiletries were also provided). As it was our honeymoon, we were given a welcoming bottle of champagne (Veuve - not the cheap stuff I expected). The hotel's location was very good - 3 minute walk to Victoria tube and the Palace. The breakfast included was a very good continental (cereal, fruit, yogurt, pastires etc.). You can order a full breakfast from the Rubens Hotel (sister hotel attached to 41) kitchen but you'll pay dearly - 15 pounds! We had a dinner in the Library restaurant and high tea in the Lounge of Rubens - both were excellent. We saw the Billy Elliot musical which is playing at a theatre 5 minutes from 41 - it was very good and highly recommended. Elton John wrote the music and was sitting 5 rows behind us on the night we were there. If you would like a small intimate hotel in a great location with great service stay at the 41!!!	
Jun 3 2005	Simply fabulous	I'm in the midst of a two night stay at the 41. I don't have much to add that hasn't already been said by other reviewers, but I wanted to throw a positive review out for the 41 as well. The lounge area is incredible - not sure why more guests don't seem to take advantage of it. Staying here is definitely like staying in a private club - it's been a relaxing wind-down to my European trip. When I return to London, I will definitely return to the 41.	
Apr 6 2005	All the comforts you need	Stayed at Hotel 41 end of March, beginning of April 2005. Staff is incredibly helpful and accomodating. Chantal, PJ, Tonya, and Pierre made our stay lovely. Hotel 41 occupies one floor of the Reubens hotel. It is very intimate, quiet and enjoyable. Because this was off peak travel time, I was able to get a room for around $325 a night through Expedia. Usually, the rooms start well over $400. Rooms are elegant and the bathroom is very spacious by European standards. The best part of all is the Executive Lounge. Continental breakfast is included in nightly rate. Later in the evening they also provide cheeses, fruit, ham, bread, nuts and chips. Very easy to make yourself a sandwich if you don't feel like eating out. Easy access to Victoria Underground station. Walking distance to many theaters and attractions. The executive lounge also has a computer station available, free of charge, with internet access. It is rare to find so many extras included in such a distinctive, elegant hotel.	
Mar 23 2005	Best hotel ever!	This is the best hotel I've ever stayed in (and I've stayed in quite a few)! The room was beautifully decorated in black &amp; white, with an amazing bathroom. The staff were very friendly and attentive, they couldn't do enough for us (just try the 'Whatever Whenever' button on the phone). What really made the stay special was the attention to detail: fluffy bathrobes laid out on your bed, scented candles, staff addressing you by name etc. The location is also ideal for exploring the sights of London, right across the road from Buckingam Palace.	
Mar 22 2005	True excellence!	After much research, I decided to stay at Hotel 41 on my visit to London (March 13-17). The location and wonderful accolades on this website were the deciding factors for me. The location is incredibly convenient. It is literally 2 blocks from Victoria Station so if you are arriving at Gatwick Airport you can take the Gatwick Express to Victoria Station and walk to the hotel. More importantly, it is walking distance to a mother load of tourist attractions. The most obvious is Buckingham Palace which is 2-3 blocks away. The Mews and the Queen's Gallery are directly across the street from the hotel. I walked down the Mall from Trafalgar Square on a lovely day and admired the beautiful St. James and Green Parks. In addition, I walked to the War Rooms, Westminster Abbey, Parliament and the London Eye. Those attractions are a bit farther but only took me about 20 minutes. Now to the facilities and staff...As mentioned previously on this site, 41 is not very well known by cab drivers so always ask them to let you off at Rubens. The entrance to 41 is simply a foyer and an elevator which you take to the 5th floor. We arrived mid-morning and were greeted. The manager, Chantal, offered us a larger room which was not available until later in the afternoon; however, she offered us the use of another room to freshen up and store our bags while we visited the Mews. The first room was really on the small side so I am grateful for the offer. The room that we actually stayed in was very nicely appointed. The beds really are as comfortable as people claim and it was a nice effect to have a fireplace. The hotel food is quite good and service very prompt. The hotel uses the Rubens concierges who are quite helpful and knowledgable. We were able to get very good seats to The Producers with a weeks notice. It was an absolute pleasure to stay here. I was especially grateful for the truly nice staff after dining at Claridge's and having to deal with a very snooty doorman who wouldn't even look you in the eye. No question, you will be happy with the quiet and convenient location and very attentive service.	
Feb 5 2005	Fantastic	I travel frequently for business, and am always staying in hotels. I can safely say that this hotel is the best I have ever stayed in. The service is very personalised, everyone knows your name, you are made to feel as if you are the most important guest they have ever had staying there. The resident manager, Chantal, takes an interest in each guest, and takes time to chat with you. The rooms are really luxurious, each with its own computer. Strikingly decorated in black and white, someone comes around each evening with an icebucket for any drinks you intend on mixing, as well as to turn down your bed, etc. There is a pantry, which is great for after you have been out or at a show, to come back at midnight and have all this really healthy food in a refrigerator in the lounge. The location is fantastic - directly opposite Buckingham Palace, no less on the boundary of exclusive Belgravia. And the clincher - you will get more bang for your buck here than staying at the Dorchestor or Claridges.	
Jan 3 2005	Wonderful new years	Me and my girlfriend, both teenagers stayed at the 41 over new years. The hotel is extremely intimate and the room was quite small but very delicate with the black and white decor. The staff is very nice, serving our every need. We really were spoiled and will be back in the future.	
Dec 22 2004	want to feel like a princess?????	The rooms are on the small size, ish!!! but are intimate, big enough, with everything you could need. The staff are not only attentive but personal and friendly. The lounge is fantastic and as a birthday treat the choice was perfect. Couldn't recommend it ENOUGH. The self service bar, pantry, friendly staff, and fire in the room made a great trip better. We both thoroughly recommend it.	
Nov 20 2004	Stay here and not anywhere else!	Spent one night for my 40th birthday at the wonderful 41 in Victoria (Buckingham Palace Road). Having only 18 rooms means that the service is personal at all times. All staff know, and address you by, your name. Constant supply of fresh towels. A nice selection of fresh fruit in the room too. The bathrooom was stunning with an amazing walk in shower plus full bath with yet another shower. The bed - where do I start? Huge, sumptuous, incredibly comfotable, lovely bed linen. Lovely selection of freshly squeezed juices for breakfast, starbucks coffee, leaf tea and whatever combination of breakfast items you desire. We checked out at 11am but they were happy to look after our bags until later in the day. In fact we returned, exhausted having trawled round London at 6ish. They insisted we sit down and chill out in the lounge for a while and brought us coffee and biscuits for no charge. OK, yes it is expensive at £300 a night or thereabouts. But plenty of London hotels charge that amount of money and do not give the kind of service or attention to detail that the 41 gives. 41 is a haven of tranquility just a stones throw from hustle and bustle of central London.	
Oct 21 2004	most awesome hotel on earth	when you enter, you might feel you have gone to heaven! we were escorted to our room and welcomed by at least 5 of the staff who knew us by name! we were immediately brought a snack and drinks to our luxurious jr. suite. i have travelled all over the world and this is the most intimate hotel i have ever stayed in. it is the smallest (only 18 rooms) 5 star hotel in london. everything was taken care of and all our needs were met before we knew we had them! i wanted a drink that they did not have the supplies to make and the staff went to the bar next door and brought me a drink from them. the next day, they had the supplies to make my drink. the beds are heavenly and the shower is incredible. can't say enough about this hotel--- if you have the chance, well worth every penny spent to stay at this hotel!!!!	
Oct 19 2004	A bit disappointed!	I was quite disappointed with our stay at Hotel 41. I think what caused this was that the website promises comfort after comfort. Little things like jelly beans and coffee making facilities in the rooms which weren't there to bigger things like not bringing us our champagne that was part of our package or having a non-working fireplace led to an overall feeling of dissatisfaction. The website promises fresh flowers and a DVD player in every room, which we had neither. There was no afternoon tea, which was specifially mentioned in our package. The personal butler who is supposed to see to all your needs was a very nice young man, but obviously wasn't trained on mixing drinks. No CD or DVD library, also high-lighted on the website. The plunder the pantry consisted of some pretzel mix and a couple mini snickers bars set out on a glass plate. Little disappointment after little disappointment led to our being two very unhappy guests.The rooms were gorgeous, and the bathroom was luxurious, but we would never stay there again. They promise a lot, but the only thing they can deliver is very nice rooms.	
Oct 7 2004	Great Little Base - Has a Few Problems	I really wanted to give the 41 Hotel a 5 star rating (after reading all of the previous reviews I couldn't wait to get there). While everything was extremely nice, there were some glitches with the hotel. 1) Several service problems required more than one call (and more than one day) before anything was even done. Small example (there were others)- we paid for champagne to be in our room upon arrival = 3 days after we we were there (and after several requests), our champagne was brought to our room. This might be a small item to complain about, but if you're paying for that item shouldn't you get it when you're supposed to. You don't order a pizza thinking that maybe the person will bring it 3 days from now.2) Contrary to everything that is written in their brochures etc., dvd players and cd players are not in every room. In fact, we requested both items several times for 2 different rooms - we were denied them every time (in both rooms) we requested them. I'm not trying to nitpick, but why advertise that you can utilize their extensive dvd/cd library to be used with your room's dvd/cd system if you're not going to be given a dvd/cd system. It's not that I want to spend my time in London in my hotel room, but it would have been nice (late at night or early in the morning) to have been able to utilize the system that they advertised in several of their publications.3) The first room we were given was a king deluxe room w/fireplace. While the room was charming, there was absolutely no room to put luggage away. I'm not exaggerating here - there was none (we had to stack it up in front of the window).4) The second room we were given, after the neighbors across the hall turned our section of the hotel into one big noisy party and we requested another room, had no fireplace (it did have a little room for some luggage), but the desk and chair were positioned so as to make getting to one side of the bed very difficult (especially in the middle of the night when you have to go to the bathroom). I stubbed my toe 3 times.I'm not trying to say that we didn't have a good time at the 41 Hotel (it was our first visit to London and the whole trip, including the trip to Paris prior to our trip to London, was simply awesome). Chantal was extremely nice, the lounge was a nice place to sit and have a drink, everyone was extremely friendly, the rooms were appointed very well - but the problems above shouldn't be happening if you're paying top dollar (at least if you want to get 5 stars from me). I want to like it a lot more (maybe you all received the type of room and the ameinities we thought we were going to receive and for some reason, even though we paid for a king deluxe room, we were given the so-so rooms with no added amenities). Whatever the case may be, it is a nice hotel, but it does have some kinks that need to be worked out.	
Oct 7 2004	perfect	Mu husband and I were on a short layover in London and we stayed here for one night. We will be back!! Great location, it is only on one floor next to another hotel. Private, quiet, wonderful service and very spiffy decor! Look on the internet for good deals	
Oct 3 2004	Super clean and friendly	Read the reviews on this site and couldn't agree more. The only reason I gave it &quot;4&quot; instead of &quot;5&quot; is that the staff needs a geography lesson. And, the staff needs immersion in the attractions of London, including restaurants. Almost every time we asked for directions, they were wrong. Also, all restaurant recommendations were TERRIBLE. We loved &quot;BBar&quot; downstairs but, its closed on the weekend. The breakfast was not good. But, I, unlike most on this site, really don't expect a good breakfast at any hotel if it is included in the room rate. Still, great decor, fresh and clean.	
Aug 27 2004	Reviews are Absolutely On Target	Our 6 night stay at Hotel 41 in early August was the key to a memorable London trip. I was a first time Tripadvisor user and suspicious that the site had been &quot;Amazon'd&quot; with phony reviews. Hotel 41 absolutely lives up to the raves. We slept extremely well due to wonderful beds and a quiet location (interior courtyard room for 4 nights and facing the Buckingham Palace Mews for 2) My husband &amp; I still long for the terrific bathrooms and &quot;deluge&quot; showers. Our 8 year old son was made to feel at home by the caring staff (who indulged him with fresh-made fruit smoothies and happily compared notes on favorite Gameboy games). The spacious common library was a welcome refuge for all of us throughout the day. We found the location (5 minutes walk to Victoria tube) quite convenient. There is no question that we will return again and again to Hotel 41.	
Aug 10 2004	It's All True!	I can't say enough about the comforts offered at Hotel 41, both the outstanding physical comforts and the tender loving care provided by Chantal, Jacques, Martin, and Anna. It is a lovely facility made even better by lovely staff. It is quite convenient as well. The bedding is of the highest quality, the decorating is most pleasing as well. Truly, all the conveniences of home, but considerably posher. I highly recommend this hotel to any and all, but most particularly to women travelling alone. On my second evening, I just could not adjust to the clock and went to the lounge where Jacques offered everything from tea to movies to help me get to sleep. Chantal greeted me at all times with a smile and warm words insuring that I was happy. Be sure and ask for them to prepare you a picnic in the park! Can't wait for a reason to return. It was all that was promised and more.	
Jul 25 2004	Wonderful Stay!!!	This hotel was everything we thought it would be and more...Chantal the Manager was delightful and the staff was so attentive. They saved us enormous time in acquiring show tickets and other information about London. Would schedule another trip tomorrow if possible!	
Jul 11 2004	Superb: London's 41	I want to sing the praises of 41, a wonderful small hotel overlooking the Royal Mews at Buckingham Palace in London. Very luxurious with superb service. All the trappings of a private club. There is a discreet private entrance and no sign. A personal butler attends to your every need. Despite its classic charm, 41 has every modern 21st century technological feature. There are only 16 very stylishly decorated 16 rooms and four suites at 41. My favorite is the glass-ceilinged conservatory suite. The bathrooms are all marble, the mattresses all hand made and divine. Best of all is the mahogany-panelled Executive Lounge for round the clock dining. Check out www.----------------------------- Brooks Perry	
Jul 10 2004	A Royal Treat	41 is a darling boutique-style hotel situated above their sister hotel Rubens at the Palace. 41 is absolutely beautiful with classy black and white decor. Our kingsize bed was so comfy we had no trouble falling asleep at night. The lighting was state of the art which took a bit to figure out but once figured out it was lovely. There was even a brass switch on the wall above the night table that when turned on lit a small light outside our room that stated we did not want to be disturbed. There was also the traditional do not disturb sign (wooden)as well that you hung on the door. The room was beautifully furnished and had a wardrobe with a programmable safe in it. The air conditioning worked great as well. The only thing I could say that I wasn't fond of the electronic system. I am not an electronic buff and it took some figuring out to get TV, music, dvd player, computer, internet (wireless keyboard), etc to work. The bathroom was truly gorgeous and spotless. We had a huge soaking tub with a shower, plus an additional shower with a huge showerhead, a large vanity and a towel warmer. There was always plenty of hot water and an endless supply wonderful toiletries which the staff had meticulously placed on the shelf. The linens were exceptional. Large thick white towels with a black 41 monogram on some of them. Two kinds of bathrobes, terry and waffle. The staff were wonderful and very professional. Chantal the Resident Manager is a perfectionist and this carries over to her staff. The staff in the executive lounge where we had breakfast each morning were so meticulous (but very friendly) even your plates were placed so that the 41 logo was at the top. Nothing dared to be out of place. The turn down service was a nice touch, with a candle being lit in the bathroom each night as well as slippers and robes being layed out for you. 41 is located less than 2 blocks from Buckingham Palace, Victoria Rail and Tube Station, and across the road from the Royal Mews. Yes the Queen is your neighbor!  I could go on and on about 41!! 41 has spoiled us for life!!	
Jun 16 2004	Utterly fantastic!	 After several months of planning and research to find the perfect London hotel, 41 was what I hoped it would be and more. This was a birthday trip to mother and sister and I wanted everything to be as perfect as possible. Chantal, the resident manager, made it all happen with the most warm and personal touches, including balloons, champagne, a cake, and gifts waiting in our room upon our arrival. Chantal and I had been emailing each other in the weeks preceeding the trip and I felt as if I knew her as a friend when we finally arrived.  This was by far the best hotel I have stayed at in London out of my previous 4 stays. The hotel itself is quaint yet beautiful with a cozy, at-home feeling. From the street, the entrance is quite inconspicuous and private which is very nice. The overall style is what I would describe as contemporary old-world style meets traditional English. The &quot;executive lounge&quot; is a large, gorgeous living room type of space with multiple seating areas that are also for the morning breakfast sittings. In the evenings, a well stocked bar is set up for evening cocktails. The very unconventional &quot;reception area&quot; is also here in this room as a mere executive desk with a flat screen computer monitor and two guest chairs. There's also an open loft in this room with additional seating, desks, and computers for business use.  The bedrooms themselves are absolutely lovely, consistent with the look and feel of the rest of the hotel and very well equiped with everything you could possibly need. A web-tv type of set-up with cordless keyboard makes e-mail and internet access so very convenient. There is a fax machine, mini bar, cordless telephone to use anywhere in the hotel, spacious closets, and bathroom large enough to accomodate 3 of us ladies staying in the same room (now that is important!). There was a separate shower and bathtub and a lot of counter space.  I could go on and on about this place. Chantal and her staff could not be any more cordial and accomodating. We had originally planned to stay 4 days and 4 nights but ended up staying and extra day since we were having so much fun. Needless to say I would stay at the 41 again and again and highly recommend it!	
Jun 15 2004	Great but not perfect	A fantastic hotel that would be perfect if not for housekeeping weaknesses.From the moment I arrived I was made to feel welcome, it really does make a difference when the staff always refer to you by name.When I wanted to surprise my fiancee on her birthday by upgrading to a suite, Chantel made it happen whilst we were out so that the first my partner knew about it was when we returned and I took her to a different room.The housekeeping issues were not serious but just took a bit of the shine over what is a superb hotel.	
Jun 14 2004	The Royal family should stay here.	My husband, myself and our 13 year-old daughter stayed here for 4 nights in May, 2004. Our niece and her 13 year-old daughter joined us a day later. We did not arrive till midnight our 1st night, very tired and much needing a bed. We were greeted very warmly and immediately checked into our room. Our room was beautiful. Small, but everything we could want was there. The bathroom was just awesome. The beds were the best we found during our 11 day stay in England. Breakfast was the same everyday and limited, but we found items we liked. The receptionist/concierge , Chantal, was very helpful and very friendly. They say that location is everything, and we believe it. We were a block from the tube station and a block from the palace. We were able to take walks in the evening by the palace, thru the parks and out into the city very easily. The only complaints were that the drink prices were a little high and a complaint from the 13 year-old's that there was no instant messenger service on the computer.	
Jun 14 2004	We loved every minute	Before we even arrived at &quot;41&quot;, I'd had numerous communications with Chantal, the resident manager. Our emails had been so warm that I felt my 23 year old daughter and I were arriving in London to meet a friend. We were not disappointed. Chantal was wonderful (including being a surrogate doting mom to me when I arrived at the hotel suffering from food poisoning- she personally brought me chicken soup!) I've never felt more at home in a hotel than at this one. Our suite was perfect, from the heated towel rack and enormous tub in the bathroom, to the overall stunning decor. The beds were comfy and cozy and the room had lots of high tech appointments (tons of light switches!). Breakfasts were plentiful and good. I'd recommend this hotel in a heartbeat. 	
Apr 21 2004	Lovely Hotel - One of the best	We stayed here with friends for a weekend in March and had a superb time. It started off well when the manager rang me shortly after I'd made my booking. Through no fault of mine, the accommodation I'd booked for my family wasn't possible. They went to such friendly lengths to reassure me and even gave me a second room free - it was beautifully done. That's real customer service. It's a little bit difficult to find your way in - there's a special door next to the Rubens and the reception is not well marked from the place on the 5th floor where you exit the lift, but these are minor quibbles. The rooms are excellent - absolutely luxurious in the true meaning of the word. They're not big, but they are superbly equipped. The television/video/internet access was wonderful and the girls loved it. The bathroom was gorgeous. The bed linen was the best I have ever encountered and I know my bed linen! Its the only place I know where they leave you both towelling and waffle bath robes - you can take your pick. A candle was lit for us in the bathroom every night, it was all great. We had breakfast in the Club Lounge every morning and it was excellent - the butlers offered us fresh fruit smoothies and they were delicious. Service from everyone was extremely friendly but absolutely first class. Not stuffy though. You felt very relaxed - as though it was a private club that you were an established member of. There were also board games, books, dvds and videos which you could use. The Plunder the Pantry feature was ok but nothing special - bit disappointing really. I couldn't really find anything I wanted to plunder! Would love to stay here again and have no hesitation in recommending it highly. I personally prefer the Draycott Hotel, I think, but it is a very tight balance.	
Apr 7 2004	Absolutely Fantastic!		
Jan 4 2004	Quiet and Convenient		
Dec 28 2003	Across from Buckingham Palace and treated like Royalty		
Sep 17 2003 	Traveling on business stay at the 41		
Sep 13 2003	Good but not perfect		
Sep 7 2003	Quirky and First Class		
Aug 24 2003	The perfect escape		
Jul 6 2003	Stayed just after 9/11		
Jun 6 2003	The perfect hotel in wonderful London.		
Feb 25 2003	Fabulous hotel		
Nov 20 2009 	???????????		
Nov 6 2009 	incompréhension		
Nov 1 2009 	???????		
Oct 29 2009 	Discreto e Esplêndido		
Oct 21 2009 	????????????		
Sep 27 2009 	??????????		
Aug 21 2009 	Exeptionnel !		
Jun 21 2009 	Perfekter Service Super Lage Zimmer etwas klein		
May 25 2009 	rare!		
May 21 2009 	Sencillamente maravilloso		
May 4 2009 	Charmant		
Jan 30 2009	Merveilleux hotel		
Dec 22 2008 	Bello.non bellissimo		
Jan 19 2006	Fantastisch		
