Nov 23 2009 	WORST HOTEL I HAVE EVER STAYED I MEAN EVEEEER!!!	this hotel is the worst of all! i stayed there with my girlfriend in september, and we woke up in the middle of the night on our first night after a long day of travel from mexico, with bed bugssssss horrible, i payed 2 nights and no cash at all was refund! they told us they didnt had the money in the hotel beacuase the manager has it! so i never got anything. and still the employee told &quot;you cant come here and wake me up in the middle of the night to get a refund&quot; come at 10 where manager is back, at 10 manager wasnt there! jaja joke of place . rooms are small , bathroom is awful , and the beds are so dirty! it seems they have been there for 30 years or more!i went to a hotel next door of this crab, ant they told me that park hotel has been the worst hotel in 3 consecutive years, on belgrave road, i checked out inmmediatly and went to the best western , where service rooms quality was very good ! after that i prefer to pay more than staying in that horrible hotel! please trust me dont go there it stinks!!	
Nov 5 2009 	hell	it was a hell hole...... no water in the shower, spoke to man on reception said it took a while cos we were on 4th floor a while over 1 hour 30 mins later still no water not even a trickle. not the most helpful staff. after big discusion said would move us to another hotel only if we paid the difference. not even a sorry from them for inccoveniecefinally refunded some of the money only after going on about the cancellation policy... i don't think its to much to have running water in a shower....fire door on TOP floor blocked no other way out if there was a fire we woulda been toast....don't think its a safe place wouldn't even let a rat stay there!!!!!!	
Oct 29 2009 	Room covered in mold. Bring own ammonia to stay in good location.	Do not stay here until they've rectified basic health code/honest service violations.When we arrived, the clerk showed us the room and suggested that we would want to find another place to stay. He showed us the mold and the non-working faucet. We were not offered a discount. We were offered the chance to pay for one night and move on. The sheets appeared to be clean. The rest of the place was not. The white shower curtain, easy to change, was covered in black mold. The bed cover and curtain in the room were covered with clear/whitish crusty stuff. The location is good, but paying more than 6 Euros/Pounds a night to stay here is too much if you are in the country legally and not trying to hide.I am not a neat-freak, and am a very cheap person, and this was still unacceptable.	
Sep 27 2009 	Lowest quality hotel I have ever stayed in	Very tired decor. No hot water. Cold water leaked onto bathroom floor. Bare wires in LIVE light fitting! Loose stair carpet. Fire escape door used to store vacuum cleaner. Hope they are well insured as it is a disaster waiting to happen!!!!	
Sep 16 2009 	Absolutly discusting	This is not a hotel, it is a hostel, and a terrible one at that. The first room we were given had no running water, no shower, and was roughly the size of a stock room. The door hit the bed on the way in. The place is falling apart. Breakfast consisted of coffe and toast, that was all that was available, continental it is not! This place has no formal stars awarded, bone at all, and I'm not suprised, it is listed as a two star on this site, but I have checked with the tourist board, and it is not listed. When we complained, it was suggested we take a shower in another room in the morning. We didn't accept that, and were reluctantly moved to another room. This one had matter dripping out if an extractor fan onto the toilet, which itself was contained within what can only be described as some sort of tiny plastic diving chamber that comprises the shower, toilet and sink. Vile. Vile. Vile. This should be delisted from any self respecting hotel site.	
Sep 7 2009 	DISGUSTING!!!	The standard of this hotel was completely unacceptable. I had no choice but to leave after the first night. The issues I encountered were as follows:CLEANINGThe hotel was generally unclean, and the room I was given (# 7) in particular was filthy:1) The balcony outside the room was littered with cigarette butts and other rubbish2) The carpet in the room was soiled, shabby and had not been vacuumed3) The draws of the bedside were covered in stains4) The bed linen was torn and stained5) The room had a stench of dampness6) Due to concerns regarding cleanliness of the room, I felt uncomfortable about the hygiene risks of using the bed. Instead I kept my clothes on, covered the bedding with spare clothes and slept rather uncomfortably in that state.7) The floor, hand basin, toilet and shower unit in the bathroom so dirty I was not able to make use of the bathroom at all.MAINTENANCEThe overall standard of maintenance of the hotel and my room (# 7) was very poor:1) There were large holes punched in the walls that had not been repaired2) The plumbing made an extremely loud noise for at least 2 minutes after I or occupants of other rooms flushed the toilet3) The wardrobe unit was flimsy, unstable and had folded up maps jammed underneath it to prevent it from falling overINTERNETWiFi internet service was offered at 3 pounds per day. This worked well on the first evening of my stay, however on the following morning it was impossible to access the internet, and shortly after the WiFi router was switched off altogether by the person on duty at reception. Note that there are other free WiFi internet services with good signal strength that can be accessed from the room I was staying in. It was from there I made a booking for another hotel which is less expensive and much nicer.BATHROOMIn addition to being unclean, the bathroom was dilapidated and extremely small. Sitting on the toilet in an upright position was impossible as the hand basin was located in such a position to prevent this. The shower unit was big enough for a small child at best, not that I would not subject a child (or anyone else) to using the bathroom in the first instance.RUDE SERVICEI encountered several problems with the person on duty at reception:1) He accused me of over-using the WiFi service and causing it to fail (anyone with any technical knowledge of internet technology would know this is a ridiculous accusation)2) He demanded that I &quot;SPEAK LOUDER&quot; when discussing the issue of payment for the WiFi service. Note that I had concerns about the reliability of the internet service when I checked in due to the shabby state of the hotel reception area, and was provided the access password in advance to ensure the system would work. The &quot;SPEAK LOUDER&quot; incident occurred after the WiFi service had stopped working.3) When I enquired as to how long it would be before the internet service would be restored I was given the response &quot;I don't know&quot;. I asked whether it might be an hour, the morning, the day... still the answer was &quot;I don't know&quot;.4) When checking out I attempted to advise the manager of these issues. He spoke over me and never gave me the opportunity to explain my reasons for checking out early.BREAKFASTBreakfast was offered for 2 pounds. All that was available was corn flakes, rice bubbles, orange juice, coffee, bread and some spreads. It was poorest breakfast I have ever seen, let alone for a hotel.DEMAND FOR FURTHER PAYMENT / REFUND REFUSALWhen I informed the manager that I was leaving, he demanded payment for the WiFi internet service (which had failed by this time) and the breakfast (which as stated above was completely unsatisfactory). The manager stated nonetheless that I should pay for these services.Furthermore, even though the manager was fully aware that no refund was available upon early checkout for the remaining two days booked, he stated that I should contact expedia.com to seek a refund. This was an obvious, outright and extremely insulting lie. Given the hotel had received payment for the following two nights of the booking, the WiFi service had failed, the breakfast was unacceptable and I had paid for two unused nights of accommodation I refused to pay for these services, and even then felt very much ripped off!SUMMARYIn the country I come from (New Zealand) this hotel would be closed down on the basis of both poor hygiene and unfair trading practices. I hope no one else has the misfortune of booking this hotel.	
Aug 24 2009 	The worst hotel in London!	This is the worst! Not only is it dirty, it's moisty and smelly. We even had water coming from the ceiling in the toalett through the down-lights! So this is also a DANGEROS place to stay! Terrible service, when I asked for a new room they asked if I was sliping in the bed or in the toilet???	
Jul 23 2009 	Never again!	I only needed one night at a hotel in London and I choose this because of its availability. The room was terrible, the bedsheets unclean as was the room itself. To top this the receptionist was extremely rude. It operates with a curfew where you need to be in at 1am at the latest. Even though this clearly is a budget hotel it is simply of a far too low standard. I cannot understand that it stays open. I will certainly never stay there again. You can easily find other hotels in the area at almost the same price.	
Jul 13 2009 	The worst place I had ever slept in	I've been travelling for 25 yrs. I slept in camping, Youth hostels, apartments, hotels, in trains, in railway stations...But this is reallu the worst! The arrival: you have to pay in advance.... maybe because they ae sure that after a first look at the room you'll escapeThe room: dirty is not enough. Bottle caps and dust on the floor, blood stains on the wall, snack packs everywhere, no wardrobe and no place where to hang your clothes, a broken and dirty bedside table. I put a white shirt in the drawer without looking in it and there was a yellow liquid that made a large stain in it... had to find a laundry to have it clean for the evening after. The tv has no remote and you must be at least 175 cm tall to switch it on and change programs. Electricity facilities are dangerously made.... and the tv could fall on your bed You can see all the pictures in this picasa web album: http://picasaweb.google.com/lucatd/ParkHotelBelgraveRdLondonThe bathroom: smaller than possible, with mould stains everywere, a constant sewer odour. Iy was impossible to wash your teeth wihout soaking your feet, because of the water dipping from the broken sink.The breakfast: entered the so called breakfast room. Not even tried to taste..... The 1am policy: you can't go back the hotel after 1 am... Nobody is there to keep it open... if you're late you'll sleep in the street....	
Jul 9 2009 	never visit this hotel	we booked this hotel because it said it was cheap but clean, we were going to see Take That at wembley so its only a room for the night eh! its no wonder they make you pay before you see the room otherwise i think i would have taken my chances on finding another hotel, but i guess thats what they play on, that everything else is much more expensive and full at weekends.the room was filthy, the toilet seat was hanging off, if you sat on it your knees hit the door and i had one foot in the shower, and i am only 5.8.the wardrobe door was falling off, there were no handles on the bedside drawer, tea and coffee had been wet and allowed to dry out, but this didn't really matter as there was no kettle. the curtains couldnt be pulled fully as they were hanging off. the road is incredibly noisy at night, i could go on but i am sure you get the picture. NEVER VISIT THIS HOTEL.steve and katy.	
Jul 5 2009 	what a dump	went down to london this weekend and deciced we would stay rather than come home late at night and booked into park hotel.we were lucky the room we were allocated sleeps five and as there was only two of us we thought we would have plenty of space.when entering the room there was four beds all pushed together and all of them were disgusting.this room sleeps five but not us two forget the money we travelled home it was easier to cut our losses rather than to lose time off work due to the various deseases we would have caught had we stayed there.BE WARNED THIS PLACE IS A TOTAL NO STAR FLEAPIT OF THE HIGHEST ORDER.	
Jun 25 2009 	It ain't the Ritz but it'll do on a budget	I booked a room at this hotel because London is expensive and with the exchange rate, my money wasn't going to go very far. The location is very good: you can walk to Victoria Station in less than 10 min., and to the Houses of Parliament in about 20 min. The hotel itself is a budget hotel, so don't expect luxury accommodations. Our room was clean. The bathroom was a combination toilet, sink and shower in a corner of the room. It was about 1.5 square metres. Not very big. Toilet was clean. A bit of mould on top of the shower curtain. The mount for the shower head was broken so you had to hold the nozzle in your hands while showering, which was a bit awkward but manageable. Staff was polite. Breakfast not much to speak of (cereal, toast), but again, it's a budget hotel so I didn't expect bacon and eggs every morning. If you like hotels on the full service side, then you should definitely avoid the Park. But if you're looking for a decent budget hotel and don't mind putting up with a few quirks, it's fairly suitable. You probably won't find much better in central London at the price, and certainly not with en suite bathrooms. I have friends in London I can stay with now, but if I had to stay at a hotel again, I'd probably go back to the Park.	
Jun 22 2009 	Horrible	The bathroom was so small, that we had our knees in the door. The doorknob fall out when I touched it. It leaked water from the tap.We had to beg for towels every second day.The Hotel was not cleaned up. A smokedetector wouldnt work properly, and made sounds outside our door for two days. The manager got angry when I asked him to put an end to this noise.	
May 22 2009 	A lucky escape	After making a late online booking into the Corbigoe which is apparently the Park's sister hotel I was greeted by the most depressed looking receptionist on arrival. He informed me that the Corbigoe was fully booked and that a room was available at the Park Hotel. I was escorted into the basement of the Park by a staff member and offered the opportunity to look at the room before I payed. I could not believe the room that they were suggesting that I stay in. The room was virtually the size of the double bed with a tiny sink in the corner. It was damp and stunk to high heaven. I would have not let my dog sleep in there for the night. I fled with my life and headed to the nearby Best Western. The park hotel is a total joke and dont say that you have not been warned. Tired looking decor and staff alike. AVOID AT ALL COST even at £45 a night! Would I recommend a friend would i *ollocks!	
Mar 30 2009 	the worst hotel ever seen	It was a nightmare. Very small room (just me and a single bed), too dirty, no hot water, no heating, no service. And they wanted me to pay twice for it. Keep away from this hotel.	
Mar 30 2009 	Nightmare! Disgusting room disgusting service! :-( would Not reccommend!	My friend had booked a brilliant trip to London as a present for my 21st Birthday, and we planned to stay at Park Hotel!When we got to the hotel, the man at reception seemed pretty depressed - not the best way to greet new guests!We were given our room and when we got into it we could not believe our eyes....the room was tiny, smelled and didnt appear very clean at all!On a closer inspection the bed looked like it hadnt been changed in weeks, the toilet was absolutely tiny - It actually looked like a portaloo had been stuck onto the side of the room, but also managed to fit a shower and a sink, so it was impossible to move in it. The light in the toilet was hanging off, which is pretty dangerous considering its surrounded by water. The mould and grime on the window/door was revolting (please look at my pictures), and when the bedside drawer was opened we were faced with a half eaten jar of jam, tub of nutella and lots of crumbs! This proved that the room hadnt been cleaned properly for our arrival! :-( The room also had no lock on the door from the inside, so you wouldnt have felt safe during the night.We left our luggage in the hotel, and went to enjoy the start of our holiday. The hotel makes you leave your key at the reception which on looking back was a bad sign. After we left we decided that we couldnt stay there, so we phoned the hotel and they agreed to change our room when we got back from our day out.When we arrived back at the hotel, the receptionist, still as happy as ever, told us that he had moved all our luggage to a different room, in a DIFFERENT HOTEL without informing us. We tried to kick up a fuss about it as they had done this without telling us anything, when they did have a contact number to do so, but the man was extremely rude and didnt see what was so wrong with what he had done. I asked to look in the room which we were in, to ensure that no personal belongings had been missed, but he wouldnt let us, and said the room was being used by other guests already, which i highly doubt because nobody could stay there.He then told us to follow him to the other hotel, and whilst following him, he never said a word to us, not a single sorry passed his lips.On arriving at the other hotel, and after being shown our room - which was no better, i asked the man for his name incase anything turned out to be missing. He told us that we had to check our luggage infront of him to ensure that nothing was missing, and that as soon as he left he was not being held responsible for anything. I kept asking him for his name, which he refused to give us, and would only give us his managers name and the hotels phone number. He then walked out and left us to it. Still no apology! :-(We decided that we couldnt stay in the new hotel either as it was just as unclean. This one was called the Corbigoe Hotel. So we decided to find another hotel and stay there.I would no way recommend any of these hotels.For a cheap and cheerful hotel i would recommend the hotel we eventually found which was easyhotels.com - an easyjet hotel on Belgrave Road too.Please look at my attached pictures.	
Mar 4 2009 	nightmare...just after Christmas!!	We have spent 4 nights on beginning of January this year. It has been a true nightmare!The room was very smallThe bathroom is a plastic 1x1 meter cabinet inside the room; disgusting smells. All was dirty – all blankets were stained (of what?); All furniture was broken (no hangers for towels, neither for toilet paper…)No closet or places to keep your belongings.The window glass was broken and the heating system unadequate or off (on the coldest January of the century?!)The breakfast… after a first attempt, we decided for Starbucks (Please!)It’s not just uncomfortable: you fear you could sleep with cockroachs!The Hotel managers: apparently helpful, but aimed to cheat you, even for few pounds.	
Feb 5 2009 	I really dont know how this place stays open	Where do I start.... The hotel says 3 minute walk from Victoria yet it took me 20 minutes the other day (and I walk fast). I had a room on the ground floor that looked nothing like the one on the picture.... The carpet was in two pieces and a repair had been attempted. It was unclean and the kettle was yellow. The bathroom was like a world of its own.... There was deep soil deposits in the toilet from the lack of cleaning and half the walll had fallen off under the sink because of damp. The shower looked like it hadnt been cleaned ever......Seriously, I am considering ringing the environmental health as people should not be allowed to stay in rooms like this even despite the cost. If you value your health you will not book here...I have photos and will upload shortly	
Jan 31 2009	Give this one a wide berth!!!	Lord only knows how this place even got a 1 star. Yes it's cheap and yes you certainly get what you pay for. We got lost finding it and rang up to get directions but the chap on reception had poor english and couldn't help. When we checked in we were given a key and form to fill but no mention of breakfast. We opted to use the local MacD's instead. We were told to go to our room not shown and the place felt slanted as you walk. As for the room. It was described as plain walls. Yes plain walls with dirt, damp and other marks. The bathroom was like a shower cubicle and toilet in one and the furniture needed repairing. If I had a screwdriver I would have done it myself!! We were disturbed on the first night by our room neighbours making a racket as the walls were thin and also the bed felt like you were on a ship, you rolled together!! We spent our main day away from the hotel and had a great time in london. The only things this place boasts is location to things tube/train/Big Ben etc and cost BUT, if you're looking for anything other than a doss down (worse than a hostel) don't pick here. I camp quite often and had the weather been better would have preferred to do that!!	
Jan 4 2009 	Worst hotel in London	Worst hotel we have ever stayed at. The concierge (whose name I believe is Con) is the rudest person we have come across.Please avoid this hotel at all cost.	
Dec 11 2008	Eva Nikolova Bulgaria- oufull 3 nights in Park hotel	I booked the hotel with my friends and was so happy that we'll see London!!!When we arrived- 2 pm, the rooms were not ready!!! Give us one room down /down first floor/ an one on the first floor.Was terrible - without daylight, cold and small rooms, very very dirty .We asked to change our rooms, but....The room for the breakfast was too very small - for 5 persons.All day we go around London and then go to the pubs for dinner and beer because we must be drunk to go again in this hotel in our rooms.And for the end- I payed with my credit card but the hotel blocked deposit one night.When i arrived asked on the reception and told me that everything will be ok .I come back to Bulgaria , pass one month but my money are still blocked from park hotel.I sending two e mails to the hotel and nothing!!!	
Dec 9 2008 	Hell in London	Where do i start! We turned up to the shabby Park Hotel to be greeted with a grunt from a man behind a glass window. 'Name!' So i replied hoping that our booking had all gone through ok and we had a room for the night seeing as it was now 9pm on a Friday night and we were shattered. Finally a piece of paper was slapped in front of me and i was told to sign. Next the man popped up and said right ur not staying here, ill take you to another hotel down the road. Me and my missus kinda looked at each other and thought ok. We were escorted to an ever shabbier hotel with stick on signs called the 'CORBIGOE' obviously a chain. Here there was a lot of talking in what i think was Urdu, then we were given a huge key and told our room was on the 1st floor.3 Floors up! we found our room, the door kinda of fell open key or no key, the gap was so huge a small child could have probably sqeezed their way in. Wow the room! Ok it was something from the dark ages, the curtains were hanging off the bedding was filthy, it stank of excrement and smoke. The bed was slammed to the wall and there was another rockety bunk bed in there. The view was a brick wall, the plug sockets were the acient 3 pin type to stop anyone using power (no mobile phone charging). And the wardrobe was hanging open as it was missing 2 legs. I opened the bathroom and had to quickly shut it again before i caught something, the tv was hanging off a bracket and sparked as i turned it on. I think i found HELL!We quickly went downstairs and made a complaint. The man their then made us wait as others were booked in, constantly being told their cards wouldnt work in the VISA machine. A couple passed us and shouted at them man 'There better be a blanket in our room later its like the north pole in there' . They stomped out. Finally after about half hour the man spoke to us and showed us 3 other rooms all generally as bad as each other, none as bad the first but still dangerous to your health to stay in. Next we were told right we can go back to the Park and be shown some rooms there, they were just as bad, one even smelt like a gas leak! We had had enough by this time and told the guy were going, he said ok and that we would be charged for one night, he in fact did not even contact the travel company and if it hadnt been for me doing this i would have been charged for another night. So 10.30pm off we go in search for another hotel and may i recommend the Novatel! You get what u pay for in London!So in a nutshell, the staff are useless liars. The hotel should be shut down and quarantined and anyone advertising it on their websites should remove it before they are sued!	
Oct 30 2008 	Avoid Like The Plague	I'd rather lick my big toes than stay in this hotel again. It's as simple as that. Where do I start with listing the problems of this hotel? Ok, I'll go from the start. We arrived at the hotel around 1pm, and squeezed up to the reception hole in the wall. After telling the receptionist of our booking he told us the credit card we had used didn't work so we had to be moved down the road to a different hotel. We followed the man to the reception of another hotel where he told us we would be staying. The man at the new hotel said he didn't want us, so like a heard of cattle we were ushered back to the original 'Park Hotel'. Once there he told us he had a room for us, however there wasn't enough beds in the room, so he would arrange for a mattress to be put on the floor for a 10 pound discount. Reluctantly, and with no other option, we accepted and made out way to the room.We then couldn't get into the room because it was still being 'cleaned'. The guy who was cleaning was taking so long messing around I offered to hoover up for him, just to get rid of him and so we could get into our room. It was hardly cleaned as it was, cans outside the window from previous guests, a manky shower/toilet room, no towels and no toilet paper. The view from the window was spectacular, a breeze block and a metal bar! The bathroom was a box in the corner, where the toilet was placed so you couldn't sit on it with the door closed. The shower curtain looked like it had previously been a piece of wallpaper, and the pipe to the shower head provided most of the water to the shower, not the shower head. London is a great place though, despite the attitude of some of the officers of the law. But stay well away from The Park Hotel in Victoria. The tenner discount was all well and good, but I wouldn't stay in this hotel again for free!	
Oct 17 2008 	Find another hotel	We stayed there for 5 days. No clean sheets, no clean (dry) towels, no hot water in the bath (sometimes no water at all), and there was mould in the bath because the ventilation was inoperative.Terrible smell from the bathroom.No cleaning of the room while we lived there.Old dirt on walls and doors in room. Breakfast in a room which was about 9 square meters, to guests from 19 rooms. We chose to eat breakfast in a park nearby.	
Oct 6 2008 	The worst hotel in London?	The room was unbelievable. The &quot;bath room&quot; was even worse. My kids (10 and 12 years old) refused to use it. And there were no towels!!Breakfast was from 8.00 to 9.30. Not a very wide range. But if you arrive at the very narrow breakfast room at 9.10, coffee is out. And if you ask for new coffee this is denied with the words that the breakfast time ends at 9.30.This hotel cannot be recommended, absolutely not.	
Jul 25 2008 	cramped	Location-wise, this was a good place - not too far a walk (10 minutes) from Victoria Station. We stayed a night in a quad room which consisted of 2 double beds, a chest of drawers, and very little floor space to put our luggage. The fixtures and furniture appear old and needed replacing (broken drawers, browned kettle, precariously dangling clothes rack) The sheets were clean, though. Not much of a view outside our window, just a brick wall. The attached bathroom was the talk of the day. The shower/ toilet area was the smallest that we had ever seen - the whole bathroom was roughly the size of a shower pod. (Quote from a fellow traveller: a converted cupboard). Needless to say, it was a squeeze trying to shower and not bang one's elbows on the surrounding walls, or to use the toilet without banging against the unlockable door. It is high time for the piping system to be replaced as there were loud sounds whenever the taps are open and funny smells ensued from the water outlet.Breakfast was simple but sufficient - unlimited amounts of orange juice, coffee, tea, toast, cereals. The dining area, like the room, was very small -- it was a wonder how that many chairs were squeezed in that small area.For the location and the price you pay, this hotel is good for sleeping after a long day of sightseeing. But lots of luck in using the bathroom!	
Jun 13 2008 	Be very afraid	What a dumpIn my room there was not even enough room to swing a mouse let alone a cat.The room was dirty, the bathroom was disgusting so much so that taking a shower was out of the question.You need to be seriously drunk to contemplate staying in this hotel for the night, do youself a favour get arrested and spend the night in a cell .....far more pleasant surroundings.We did notice a large rat trap in the yard amongst the beer cans and fag ends, totally unnecessary no self respecting rat would stay in this hotel.Ok it was cheap but even if it was free it would still be poor value for money.Avoid it like the plague, which is probably what you'll leave London with if you stay here.	
Apr 19 2008 	Mould glorious mould!!	WHAT THE? We were placed on the top floor in a room that appears to have been bigger than most. The toilet/shower was absolutely disgraceful - full of mould and a filthy stench coming from the drain. The actual shower wasnt big enough to bathe a baby in. The weather was atrocious - which I only mention because it was reflected in our room. The bed and all of the blankets/sheets were soaking wet because the roof was leaking all over it. We ended up having to move the bed (which was actually a mattress sitting on wooden boxes) into another position in the room because of the rain.Renovations were being completed in the room next door to us, although these only ever occurred from 11.00 pm until the early hours of the morning. The builders were obviously nocturnal.We stayed here for 4 nights and at the end of it, we were both really sick. We went to check out to find the doorman asleep in a sleeping bag on the floor of reception. We gratetfully threw the keys in his general direction and walked out. I think I would have much rather stayed on a bench in the local park, which I will probably be doing should we again find ourselves in the same position.After having stayed at a large number of hostels, this hotel is only good for knocking down. Do yourself a favour and don't even consider it.	
Apr 16 2008	Typhoid Cubicle	Given room 9 which was dirty, but clean sheets on the bed. shower/toilet cubicle (which you couldn't turn round in)stank of sewage from the shower plug-hole- no way could you have a shower in there. also the toilet seat was split in two, which was is not very hygienic. Asked reception to be moved-but the manager wasn't in until the morning,so had to sleep in the room with the toilet door closed due to the terrible smell.In the morning asked the manager to move us,He said theyre was no other rooms available. I wasn't giving in so he said come back after 10.O'clock &amp; he would give us another room,he did which was better than the first,although when the hot tap was turned on it flooded the floor &amp; we had to put a towel down to soak it up, no remote for the T.V you had to stand on the bed to turn it on etc, &amp; the radiator didn't work, all in all it needed a good spring clean!	
Mar 29 2008 	Bad Hotel	My Sister And I Just Got Back From A 1 Night Stay At The Park Hotel, 1 Night Was All We Needed, It Was Awfull, We Arrived Around 2pm In the Afternoon, the phrase &quot;dont judge a book by is cover&quot; is SO true in this case. he road and outside of he hotel looks amazing very high class but inside it looked like a council flat. we waited around 30 mins at reseption because no one was there, another person infornt of us has been waiting even longer, When somone finally arrived he spoke very bad enlish and was very hard to understand. We Finally got our room key and paid by cash but was shocked to discover if you pay via cash you have to pay a £2 service charge, what service? We Droped Out Bags off and headed into london, we were seeing a concert so we were not planning on spending any real time in the hotel, just to sleep really. We arrived back at he hotem around midnight, As before there was no one in reception, after around 20 mins i noticed a man outside smoking i asked if he worked there and he said &quot;yeah, why&quot; i said well we want the keys to our room, he was very rude and seemed annoyed he had to stop smoking and do what he is paid to do. The Room we were in #9 was like a prison, it was small, smelly and very unclean, We booked a room with 2 double beds, we only got 1 double and 1 single, here was only 2 of us and it costed us £60 for 1 night. The beds in the room were hard and smelly, it was the worst nights sleep i have ever had. he bathroom made me sick, it was more like a cupboard, the toilet was brown with durt, the shower had no holder so you had to hold it to take a shower, he floor was uneven and when you ook a shower the whole tfloor was in a centermeter of water. The breakfast was no even worth looking at, the cerial was in wha can only be described as a drinks despencer, god knows how long it had been there, All in all it was the WORST hotel i have ever stayed in, i was noisy, smelly and unclean, how i can call itself a hotel is beyond me.	
Mar 24 2008	NEVER STAY at PARK HOTEL!!!!!!	It was the WORST hotel I've ever stayed!!! I booked for 3 nights, but it was SOOOOO terrible that i ran away from the hotel after the first night. I asked them to pay me back for the other 2 nights, but of course they said NO! My room was on the 4th floor and i had a heavy suitcase so i asked for their help, but they said NO! They were very very rude in many ways!! The room was extremely filthy!!! The coffee cup wasn't cleaned!!! Tiny room, noise from other rooms and the street and tiniest bathroom I've ever seen...! I'm a small Japanese girl, but it was so hard to take shower in the tiny bathroom and of course the entire bathroom got soaked!! I knew I wasn't going to get the money back, but I didn't wanna ruin my wonderful vacation in London, so I went to look for another hotel on the first night. I wasted 80 pounds(for 2 nights), but I'm glad I changed the hotels!! If you wanna have a great experience in London, pay a little more to stay somewhere else! I paid 50 pounds(only 10 pounds more than Park hotel), and I got a really nice hotel. I hope my review will help somebody who wants to enjoy their trip!!	
Mar 19 2008	You Get What You Pay For.	I stayed there with my friend for two nights in January.I didn’t expect it to be brilliant and to be honest I got what I paid for.From the other comments I think I got off lightly.We arrived late on the Friday night to not a very welcoming reception. He seemed to only have money on the brain and that was his first priority. When we paid he seemed to lighten up and showed us to our room, I do not remember the number now but it was on the reception floor at the end of the hall.The room was very very small two single beds a table with a kettle and cups which we did not use there was just enough room for our bags to fit behind the door and that was it.I noticed when I entered the room that the curtains were closed and my first thought was they must be hiding the spectacular view and I was not far wrong, a lovely brick wall greeted us so the room was just as dark with the curtains opened.Our room was not cleaned throughout our stay but that did not bother me as the sheets seemed to be clean and fresh upon our arrival. The bathroom was small and cramped which was to be expected. The room was so small the little radiator which occupied one wall seemed to over power us with heat which was not such a bad thing.We were able to leave our bags in the hotel after check out on the last day for an extra fee of 5 pounds which I thought would be more as the man at reception seemed like he would sell his own sister for a few bucks We had a brilliant time over all in London and I can’t wait to go back again although I will not be staying at this hotel.	
Feb 29 2008 	OK for the price but be prepared!	I didn't look at Trip Advisor before I went on this short break (which is unusual for me!), and I'm glad I didn't!I feel, based on my experience, that these reviews are a little harsh, unless we were just lucky!My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel for four nights in January 2008, and seeing as the whole stay only cost £140 (£17.50 pppn) I was expecting the pits! But we decided to book anyway due to the great location, and the notion that we'd hardly be spending any time there!Throughout our stay, day and night, the men on reception were polite enough. Yes the stairs are narrow, the room was very small and the bathroom was a tiny prefabricated “Wet-Room” unit, not unlike those found in caravans; but everything worked, we always had hot water and most of all it was clean. Some people stay away in caravans for weeks on end and don’t complain that their toilet set gets wet when they have a shower!The breakfast was basic, but there was plenty of it: Orange Juice, Cereals, Toast &amp; Jam, and Tea &amp; Coffee. But beware it finishes bang on time, and if you miss it it’s tough luck I’m afraid!We generally left the hotel around eight or nine in the morning and got back around midnight each night, so as expected we weren’t there long! I’m glad we stayed there but unfortunately we didn’t get any pictures to share with you.As the title for this review states be prepared for the worst and complain if anything’s wrong! (Although I can’t comment on whether it would’ve been effective to complain, because we didn’t have to.)If you have booked it already, don’t let these reviews put you off, just look forward to whatever it is you’re going to London for!!	
Feb 29 2008 	Terrible	This hotel was booked for me through work. It was absolutely terrible. The room was so small I could hardly turn round in it. I had already asked to move to another room as the previous one reeked of drains. The bathroom fittings were dirty and chipped or broken completely. The TV was broken. The carpet had not been vacuumed and it was badly stained. I had to eat in the hotel restaurant as those in the local area were all full. The waitresses were having a full-on row, shouting at each other from opposite sides of the room. Their language was appalling and then they kept trying to involve me in their argument! I ordered a pizza and waited 40 minutes for a frozen one to appear. It was cold and still frozen in the middle. I sent it back and after waiting 20 minutes with no sign of food or a waitress I walked out. I mentioned these problems to the reception staff who simply shrugged. I asked to speak to a manager and was told the manager was not available until the morning.A dreadful hotel experience. Don't go there!	
Feb 18 2008 	An expensive dirty cramped cupboard in London costing the earth	We got transferred to this hotel after making a booking at the 101 Belgrave Road London which apparently had some electrical problems so was unable to accommodate us and this was an associate Hotel. The room was very small the fixtures were of very a poor quality the chest of drawers were all broken,mugs were chipped wash hand basin was cracked with no stopper and T/V did not work, This is the worst experience I have ever had staying at a Bed &amp; Breakfast anywhere.High volume of conversation in reception area going on untill the early hours of the morning resulting in very little sleep allthough the bed was comfortable. In all this was very expensive at £65.00 for a single nights stay	
Jan 28 2008	Never EVER again there	Travelled with my family to stay a weekend in London, booked through Central IR. Nice street (Belgrave rd), polite staff.Entering my room started the terrible experience, it looked like never been cleaned for ages! ear-swab, a lost male stocking, trash paper and dust under the beds, bathroom with dark lime layer over the bath floor....3 extra pounds to pay with credit card.	
Jan 17 2008 	Warning!!! Do not go to this hotel! Night receptionist hasn't even got manners!!	After arriving to London in a late flight, we arrived at the hotel at 11.30pm. There was nobody there at reception, we had to wait for at least 10 minutes before someone arrived. When the receptionist finally arrived we were given a room at the basement(a family room for 5 ppl - don't know why considering that we were only 2!). Once we were finally in bed we realised that everytime the receptionist moved, the floor creeked really really bad. I went up to the reception to tell the man to move us. He said that all the room were full (there was a sign on the door stating that there where rooms available!) and that i could change rooms in the morning. We had a terrible night! It took over an hour for us to fall asleep. We were wokened by footsteps again at 6.30 am. The following morning we went up to the reception and told the man to change the rooms for us as he had said the night before. He then told us that we had to pay £5 for the laundry!! We were furious! There was no way i was gonna pay an extra £5! ( and now reading the other reviews of the rooms on the higher floors don't regret it!) We didn't even have breakfast there - the breakfast room is horrible, in the same reception room, above my room. They only have a kettle, micro and few jars of cereals! Beware this hotel is horrible! Night receptionist has no consideration what so ever and is extremly rude!! They just want your money!!!	
Jan 4 2008	Wont be staying here again	We arrived, and had to wait until a receptionist returned about 10 minutes later. We weren't expecting The Ritz, but we didn't expect what we got. The room was small with a double bed, a tv, and 2 mirrors. That was all that was in there as well as the bathroom.There was no wardrobe, drawers, bedside table, or anything like that. The bathroom was so small, you could shower, use the toilet, shave, and brush your teeth all at once, no that we did. The first thing we noticed were the stains on the bed cover. The sheets underneath were clean, but the top cover was disgusting. The ceiling was just plaster board, there were cracks in the walls and stains on them too.The location was brilliant, and if you are just staying for one night, its is not too bad once you get over the initial reaction of disgust. The towels were clean, and its about a 10 minute walk to the tube station at Pimlico.However, i would not recommend the hotel to any friends	
Dec 5 2007 	room 9	After reading the reviews for this hotel it was with some trepidation myself &amp; my daughter approached it, apparently a double room was booked for us by last minute.com but after i explained we wanted a twin they gave us room 9, 1 single bed &amp; a 4footer, clean sheets cleanish room although abit shabby, toilet i must admit needs bleach down it, a halfway decent tv, water ok 4 shower, so ask for room 9 if you want abit more space, but if you don't want to risk it book elsewhere, dunno about breakfast as unfortunetly we didn't make it in time! so for the reasonable price of 1 night it was ok!	
Nov 30 2007 	Urgh	This hotel was absolutely gross. My room absolutely stank of mould and damp, there was a thick layer of dust on the carpet behind the door, and the toilet had definitely not been cleaned in weeks. The en-suite bathroom was like a portaloo (and it smelled like it) that had been dumped in the worlds smallest bedroom. It was five stories with no lift. The TV reception was abysmal, I couldn't bear to have it on it was so crackly. The mattress was so worn there was a spring poking through. I came in one day to find a man using the shared toilet with the door wide open. This is not a place for anyone with an ounce of decency to stay, please please please stay somewhere else. Go for a hotel with a name you recognise in this area - Days Inn or Holiday Inn, at least you know what to expect there.	
Oct 25 2007 	disgusting!	This was a disgusting hotel. I wouldn't recommend this to a bum. The floors were nasty with hair all over it. Mold in the bathroom, bugs on the floor. They only give you towel and sometimes we had to ask for that and then they were the size of a dish cloth. There was an exposed socket we asked them to cover or fix and they didn't. We had to wait several times for hotel staff to show up to let us in our room - we waiting anywhere from 30-45 minutes. The shower was smaller than what you would find in a travel trailer. There is no elevator and my husband has a bad back - we asked for a first floor room and they said no. The small nightstand had bugs and someone elses hair in the drawers with their receipts. There were baby carriages in the hallway so you couldn't even get through unless you moved them out of the hallway. This is not a one star rating which is supposed to be comparable to Super 8 ect. NOT EVEN CLOSE!!	
Sep 28 2007 	Never Ever Ever Ever Stay At This Hotel	me and my partner stayed in this hellhole for 3 nights. we had booked to stay in another hotel The Chester Hotel in Longmoore Street but when we arrived were told that the hotel was booked up so we would have to go to another hotel. we arrived at The Park and were brought down a set of stairs. At the bottom of the stairs we were left to wait while the 2 men left through the firedoor. they came back about 10minutes later and we were told to follow them to our room. now london have these houses that have a little room thats not attached to the main house but thats actually built directly under the pavement. this was our room. there was a double bed, a lamp on the floor and a sink in the corner. the room was cold, damp and you could hear the people on the pavement above all day and night. we were told on the first night that this room was only temp until another guest left the next morning. the next day we said to the manager about the new room and he informed us that the room we were staying in was the room we would have until we left. we had to pay on the first night also which i dont think was right. we asked about shower facilities and were told that it would be impossibe to have a shower and if we really wanted a shower we could go to a different hotel. whenever we started to complain the manager would pretend he could not speak english and speak hindu. tthe park hotel is nothing but a disaster and i would strongly reccommend that you find somewhere else to stay.	
Sep 6 2007 	I will never be the same again...	We stayed in the Park Hotel in December of 2005. Even after this time I still can't get over how bad it was.My wife and I stayed with another couple who we were travelling with in the very bottom room of the place (it had two double beds). Our first impression was VERY LOW BUDGET, but we had accepted it would probably be cheap and nasty when we booked - and we had decided the location was worth the risk.I can still remember the room and its problems even now. I get a chill down my spine thinking of it. Here's a list of what was wrong:1) My wife pulled back the bedsheets and found a used band-aid. So much for clean sheets! We slept in sleeping bags instead on top of the bed. The beds were also awful. I'm sure they must have been on Noah's Ark.2) Our room was right below the entrance. Every time (lasting until 2am in the morning) when someone entered the hotel above us, we were all woken by the creaking floor above.3) The shower/toilet/basin made it possible to simultaneously shower, do a #2 and clean your teeth at the same time. Not that we did, but it was the first (and only) such bathroom where this would be theroretically possible that we have seen.4) On the subject of the bathroom - a furry mould grew in it, and water leaked out of it into the room at the rate that the Thames River discharges into the sea.5) The TV was precariously placed on a wardrobe. I refused to sleep under it because I felt that either the TV would fall down, or the wardrobe would collapse - either case leading to a visit to the Royal London Hospital if it happened. I was frankly amazed that the TV was in colour given its age.6) Some rude staff. One of the staff members would abuse his cleaning staff in front of guests for being 2 minutes late. Very unprofessional, and also uncomfortable.7) Stairs down to our room were so narrow I had to go down sideways. I am not overweight. The width of the stairwell would have been approximately 40-50cm.So far... 7 points against. The only plus is the location. We did stick it out for our full 5 nights, though, as we didn't have the money to book a better place. I'm not quite sure what ill effects I suffer to this day after staying there - but I'm sure there must be something. No one could stay in a place like that and not pick up some disease/fungus.Oddly enough one staff number took a liking to us. He even referred to us &quot;Ah my friends from number 1&quot; (our room number was 1). I suspect that may have been because we set a record for the length stayed there, and he thought we might give the place a glowing review.He is sadly mistaken.	
Aug 10 2007 	iT was not so bad as the reviews.	It was not so bad as the reviews. i agree the room and bathroom was small. The bathroom was a bit too crampy. The room was was better than the private rooms in the hostels at the same rate.We came to London to have a good time and we did.Be pepared for the size of the rooms and the toilet. dont expect it to be spacious. please confirm the rooms before you set off. if you keep all of this in mind then you will have a good hassle free stay.	
Jul 27 2007	The Park Hotel should be gutted	After having reservation troubles due to lastminutelondon.com, I had to get the booth at Victoria Station to book a room for me. My plane to the US was early the next day.This is the worst hotel I've ever stayed in--anywhere. They could not give me a receipt, I reminded them twice I wanted a 5 am wakeup call, the room and bath were filthy. The next morning, no wakeup call, no hot water. Luckily I always set an alarm as well. They were asleep when I wanted to check out, and when I woke the desk man, he was grumbling that he had slept through 2 more wakeup calls.It should be closed and gutted. Spending the night at Gatwick would have been preferable, but no trains after midnight.Worst 55 pounds ever spent. I wish I'd been pick-pocketed on the street instead. Your site lists it as far more money!NO NO a Thousand times NO. Stay at Gatwick if you can get there, at least it's cleaner, and has hot water.	
Jul 16 2007 	Troubles with the Park Hotel in Belgravia	This is a small hotel in a row of renovated townhouses. The renovations created tiny little rooms with very little air in them. The beds were mattresses set on what seemed to be boxes. The bathroom was a prefabricated unit that was inserted into a small room and had barely enough room to stand in. When you took a shower, the toilet and the floor were soaked with water. The room was airless, but it was fairly quiet, and it was clean. The shower curtain was filthy but the staff did change it two days after they were asked. Not a place we would return to. Even though the price was low, it still wasn't worth it.	
Jul 13 2007 	Still Nasty After All These Years	It is a shame that the bathroom's hygiene did not measure up to the standard of hygiene that the rest of the hotel so sadly lacked.My wife and I stayed at the Park Hotel for one night in 2003. We often reminisce about our experience there, and I logged on to Trip Advisor recently to see if anything had changed. Surprisingly, the hotel seems just as awful as it was in 2003. I am frankly shocked that the health authorities have not shut this &quot;hotel&quot; down.As was the case with so many other individuals who have reviewed the Park, we stayed there due to its proximity to Victoria Station. We were flying back to the States the next day and just needed a place that was convenient for one night. We stopped into a British Tourist Information office near Victoria Station, and the employee there told us that we'd &quot;really like the Park&quot;.We were surprised at having to pay the hotel prior to our stay, but figured that the room would at least be passable. As so many other reviewers have stated, this is the worst, most disgusting, unhygienic hotel that I have ever seen. At first, it just seems small (especially the &quot;bathrooms&quot;), a little smelly, and laughable, but it rapidly goes downhill after a few minutes.Neither my wife nor I were initially willing to admit to the other that the place was awful - especially after we had paid for the night. It was only later that we discovered that each of us was ready to leave the moment we got into the room. In fact, my wife deliberately stayed up the whole night, fearing that sleeping on the bed would give her some sort of disease. I awoke after a fitful sleep to the overpowering stench of disinfectant in the combination sink/toilet/shower that measured perhaps 2-1/2 feet squared.I'm convinced that the Park stays open due to some sort of questionable arrangement with various regulatory agencies and/or the British Tourist Authority. It certainly can not get its customers through repeat business.Unlike some of the other reviewers, I actually recommend staying at the Park for one night. It will make you appreciate literally anywhere else in the world you stay. It will also give you a benchmark for atrocity in service, cleanliness, truth in advertising, and anything that can possibly go wrong in the hospitality field.	
Jun 18 2007 	Booked a Double Room got a Bunk Bed	I booked a Double Twin Room, more than 4 months in advance. When we got there, we got a small attic room (ca 2 by 2.5 metres) with a bunk bed, that smelled unpleasantly even after cleaning. The condition of the room was poor, the TV was broken (unless you wanted to hold you finger on the canal switch all the time). In spite of my complaints, they would not give me another room, claiming the hotel was full. Afterwards they told Hotels.com that there were several other rooms available but that I had refused them.A final word about safety: the fire exit was locked. There was a sign advising to smash the door's window. This window however was of armoured glass. The hotel staff denied that the fire exit was locked - of course.	
Jun 15 2007 	No way man	This place is a dump like no other. It is truly amazing how little the owners are willing to spend on upkeep. For example, the first room they put us in had three beds crammed into it. All the beds were very different in style and appeared to have been purchased at a yard sale. In addition, there were two mismatched end tables with most of the knobs missing. In this room that was supposed to sleep five people, there was a bathroom that was literally about 2 feet wide by 5 feet long including the shower stall and toilet. If you are even slightly chubby, you won't be able to get in there and close the door. The last night they asked us to move because they wanted that room and they actually managed to put us in one that was worse if you can believe it. It was so small that there was no place to put your luggage except on the bed. In this one the bathroom was now 3 feet by 3 feet. The location is great and I thought the management was pleasant but other than that, it reeked.	
May 26 2007 	The worst hotel in the world	Spacious, clean, vibrant, hygenic and pleasant are words often used to describe hotels. Unfortunately none apply to the Park Hotel.You know when you read sites like trip advisor and you assume that &quot;well, only people who really liked or really hated a hotel are going to post anything&quot; so you can probably take their reviews with a pinch of salt? Yeah? Not one review I have read on this site even comes close to describing the horror of this place.We booked it to have a hotel near to victoria station, therefore handy for the underground. It was, to be fair, quite close to victoria station, although at least 15 hotels are closer.We found our room, un-cleaned at 3pm, to be about as big as most standard box rooms in student flats. The TV was hanging onto the wall for dear life by a bracket that doubled as a wardrobe. There was a gap of about 2 inches between the bed and the walls. The bathroom was essentially a large plastic sink, walled into the corner of an already small room with the pleasant odour of mildew eminating from within. The hot water outlet had no tap, so just poured out onto the floor. The shower took around 15 minutes to warm up. Unfortunately to leave the shower running for 15 minutes meant that the badly fitted shower curtain blocked the plug hole, flooding the bathroom and dripping on the unfortunate souls below you.If you wanted to play a practical joke on someone, you might book them a week in the park. There must be somewhere in the region of 10,000 hotels in London and I wouldn't bet that each of them is better than the Park.Do not, under any circumstances, stay in this hotel.	
May 3 2007	Filthy horrible small the worst adjectives to describe a place that should be	This is the worst hotel I have ever been in my life, filthy, disgusting, horrible, the receptionman rude, breakfast ... no comment. DON'T GO if you respect yopurselves.Lola. Spain	
Apr 28 2007 	The most useless "hotel" I've ever seen!	The service I received was abysmal. The reception manager at the hotel claimed that he had not received notice of my booking - dispitehaving sent me an email conforming it - blaming a &quot;computer fault&quot;. This resulted in me having to hunt around central London for over an hour, trying to secure an alternative hotel. As I had to attend an extremely important meeting the next morning I was tired, hot and entirely fed up that evening. The service was the worst I have experienced anywhere on Earth - and that is no exageration.Anybody wishing to stay in London should instead one of the hundreds of others, not this sorry place.	
Apr 22 2007 	Dirty Rotten Stinky Smelly Hole!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	do not stay in this hotel as it is the worst i have ever seen in my life it is filthy rotten stinking i wouldnt even let my dog stay in it the beds where stained the toilet you could not see any white at the bottom of it. It is a pokey hole with no room staff werent helpful they where checky sent us to a room downstairs in the basement with a baby and didnt even help with our luggage and babys pram. View was a brick wall. We requested a cot as it said we could on the website but when we got there there was no cot and when i asked they said we dont have cots we decided to leave after half an hour at the most and they only give us half our money back they just expected my 7 month old baby to sleep in a bed. STAY CLEAR OF THIS HOTEL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Feb 8 2007 	Terrible	It was horrible!!! We decided to stay in London for a weekend. I booked this hotel one week in advance but when we arrived we were told that they never received our reservation and don’t have any room for us. The only thing they could do is to keep our luggage till evening and call for a cab that we could drive around London looking for place to stay!!! We could not find anything everything was booked. Late in the evening we came back to pick up our luggages and suddenly miracles happens they received our reservation just 10 min. ago and out of the blue they have room for us. What a liars !!! They had rooms available since morning, they were trying to get higher rate from other people who were willing to pay more. Clerk told us, that they are there just to make money!!!SO BE CAREFUL, EVEN YOU HAVE RESERVATION IT DOES NOT MEAN THAT YOU WILL HAVE A ROOM.	
Nov 20 2006	Smelly and disgusting	This stay was booked through lastminute.com. We were supposed to stay in the Hotel Carbigoe but for some reason, which was not explained, we were sent across the road to the Park Hotel.We only wanted a place to sleep for one night and the offer seemed good at 44.55GBP. The room was tiny, damp, mouldy and overnight the dingy little bathroom stated to smell. Eventually the smell woke us up and we left immediately at 07.00.I have stayed in hotels all over the US and Europe. This was bat far the worst hotel I have ever seen.There was no point in complaining because the staff spoke very little English and did not care.Do not book this hotel or it's sister hotel, the Hotel Carbigoe unless you wish to be miserable!	
Nov 18 2006	Rotten Putrid Digusting Dirty 'Hotel'	We had a late night out and last minute decided to stay in a hotel around the SW1 area. The first place we try is the Corbigoe Hotel, 101 Belgrave Road.They tell my partner it will £95 to stay the one night. After a 3 mintue haggle, we managed to get it down to £45.We weren't expecting much, just a place to lie our heads down for the night with the basic needs one expects in a country such as England. So, we were told to walk down to number 64 Belgrave road...which was indeed the Park Hotel. We were 'greeted' by a very rude Pakistani man who tried to say the agreed price was not £45 but higher and was playing games. As it was 3:00 am we were not in the mood for this, we just wanted to sleep...however, we insisted he calls his colleague at the Corbigoe Hotel. He reluctantly did so and then mumbles to us 'ok , but three pounds extra for paying by debit card'. 'Hmm' we thought, ok fine , whatever.So we get given our key to room 205 (right next door to reception)Once we entered that room, we could not believe our eyes. You could argue: well what do u expect if u pay £45 for a hotel in central London. But this is no exaggeration, this place was a flea pit, stinking, crumbling, health hazardous hell hole of a room.We actaully laughed in disbelief. Then we opened a scummy looking door to what the hotel refers to as the bathroom. Imagine you are in Delhi, find the most poverty-stricken neighbourhood you can find, then go into the dirtiest looking restaurant u can find then ask to use the 'bathroom''. I could safely say hand on my heart, the bathroom in Delhi would be cleaner and more efficient than this one in London, at the Park Hotel.I immediately pulled the bed sheets off as I expected them to also be filthy. This is the only aspect whichI was not horrified at. The bed linen was relatively clean and fresh smelling. After seeing the room how it was I expected the bed linen be soiled in something nasty to keep in theme with the rest of the room. Phew, we thought, maybe we could just survive it until check out at noon.As we got ready for bed, and took our socks off we suddenly felt that our feet were damp. The carpet in the room was sopping wet! I knelt down to see if it was cleaning solution but instead I got a whiff of a rancid stench. Yummy!The only place I felt relatively safe was in the bed, but with the worry that the light which was directly above our bed , which was hanging by a string and could potentially drop at any moment and kill us! After actually dismantling the light ourselves so we could rest, we prepared to sleep.At around 5 am we were woken to the sounds of doors banging and people leaving and various other peculiar sounds. This was not really a big deal to me.I am still in shock how a hotel of this atrocious standard can be allowed to take business as it really is not only below standard, it is seriously dangerous. We checked out a noon which was the agreed time and we were aggresively asked by the man at reception to pay £10 for checking out 'late' .Needless to say there was no way were were parting with more money. This place is not worth even 2 pence for a years stay. I said to the man how shocked I was that this hotel can exist how it is, not to mention putting their prices at £95 before negotation. He then shouted back at me that I should stay at the holiday inn if I wanted a shower that worked. Hmm, interesting.We have found the whole experience quite amusing, what else can u do?I am just writing this so that anyone thinking of using this hotel, my advice.... you would be better off buying a sleeping bag from millets and finding yourself a park bench. You'd have fresh air, it's free (minus the sleeping bag cost) and you'd be cleaner by not washing in this hotel, and even if you stay in the clothes you have been wearing for over a month, walked through a swamp, and rolled around in pigs pooh....You'd still be cleaner and have had a more pleasent experience than at this DUMP of a 'hotel' Dont stay at this dreadful place! It is disgusting!!!!	
Oct 12 2006 	Dirty worse hotel ever	I booked into this hotel for a 5 night stay, They moved me to another hotel (which i had no information about before my arrival)The hotel they moved me to was very unclean. Ash in all the draws, blocked shower and toliet. Wires hanging etc etc.I stayed one night and checked into a much better hotel. What i now find very funny is that when i complained about the room, their reply was that they have never had complaints before, The management should read the other coments on tripadvisor.	
Oct 2 2006 	hotel from hell	After arriving on friday night we were shown to a room which was cramped, broken television on floor, dirty etc, but as we were late we decided we only needed a bed for night and would not be there for most of the day! We went to sleep reluctantly and were woken in the night by water pouring down the walls and coming through the ceiling. my partner myself and our 2 children plus clothes and luggage were soaked, then fire alarm went off and we were told not to worry. Manager was extremely rude and told us we would have to pay HIM!!! TO BE MOVED ROOMS.This hotel is a death trap and somebody is going to be kiiled, staff didnt care and we left the hotel and had to find another hotel.We moved next door to the Sidney Hotel which was very pleasant which I would recommend.Please don't stay in this hotel enviromental health should shut this hell hole down	
Sep 3 2006 	Stay Away!!	I stayed there for 2 nights with my boyfriend, -and will never go back! The [-] started when we checked in at the hotel: We were met by the recepsjonist. It was a friendly tone in the beginning. I said friendly: please give us a nice room.The recepsjonist replyed with that if we wanted a nice room, we should rather stay at the other hotel the manager had, which was just across the street. We acceptet this, and went for 300 meters to this other hotel. At his hotel, the manager and the recepsjonist discussed for a while, and tried to give us a room at the basement, and said that we had to change room on the following day. We also had to pay 10£ extra for breakfast, since this was another hotel. We did not want to sleep in the basement, and so i told them. Then they gave us another room, which was not a proper hotel room, but a storage-room, with 6 beds -up side down (!!) in the 4th floor. We went back and told them that we not willing to organise our own hotel room, and wantet a double room as we reserved. At the hotel we booked at. -So we went back (another 300m) to the Park Hotel, and they said that they did not have a double room left, but wanted to give a trippel room. The room we got was dirty, and the double bed was not a proper bed, but a bed made of two different sized bunks. The result was that the bed went down in bouth ends, and gave us a headich while sleeping. The window and curtains was really dirty. The bathroom was discusting. It was a not nice room, and so I told them. The recepsjonist replied with that we had to pay another 20£ if we wanted to eat breakfast there....To sum up: a horrible place with horrible management!! Stay away!!	
Aug 16 2006 	Depressed by this hotel	I would not recommend this Hotel to anyone! We were cramped up the 5th floor in a bunk bedroom which was more like a storage room. It was very very small and we couldn't even sit in the room or move.After complaining we got a larger room, which was nice in space, but not very clean.Towels were not refreshed and the bed poorly made. The bathroom seems to have served on an airplane! Too small to even move or go to the toilet properly.Breakfast was very simple, but there isn't enough room to sit for eveye guest at once, so at times people would bump into you. Also the dishes were not very clean and reservation papers / crates / junk / ... was all around the &quot;breakfast room&quot; (which was also the reception! Anyway, VERY small as you understand).The people at the hotel were sometimes nice, but most of the time I got the impression they didn't really care.In short : please do not go there ! spent you're hard earned money elsewhere ...	
Jul 14 2006	This is not an hotel	My fiancée and I went to this hotel in 2005! I never saw such an ugly hotel with such rude people!!! I cannot even explain what we lived there! First we had to sleep in another hotel in the same street. We told the man in the second hotel that we had paid to seelp in the park hotel, so we went back to the Park Hotel and said that we wanted to stay in the hotel we paid for! The man finally accepted and gave us a VERY dirty room! I had never seen such a room of my entire life : the TV didn't work, the dust was everywhere, the furniture was broken, the bathroom was destroyed and dangerous for feet and the window was just in frot of the garbbages...We went to the frontdesk and complained. We didn't pay something like $250 to sleep in such a room! The man became very very rude and he told us that he didn't wants us to stay at his hotel, we could look for another hotel! It was 09:00 pm... before that we paid for the breakfast in cash, then we changed our mind, but he refused to pay us back. Of course he refused to pay our 2 nights off. We had to look for another hotel and we found an &quot;expensive&quot; nice hotel, we had no choice as we were expelled from the hotel just because we wanted to sleep in the hotel we paid for!We wrote the travel website we used to book the 2 nights and thanks to the pictures we had taken and the poor &quot;reputation&quot; of this hotel, this website accepted to pay the 2 night nights in the new hotel where we slept!If I were you, I wouldn't sleep in the Park Hotel. The people there just want to take YOUR money, they don't care about the tourists, they are liars and cheaters! It was the worst experience of my tourist life! It had to be a romantic getaway, but it began the worst way possible!Don't go there!NB : Sorry for my English.	
Jun 16 2006	Still toleraby well	We stayed in this hotel in June 2006 (me, my 3 years old daughter and my boy). We had no problems. Rooms are truly small, but dependently, for what her needed. We needed the room just for sleep and bathroom that we wash up. We wandered around London since morning by evening. There is also station of undergroud (Victoria station) very nerby (with baby carriage is for 10 minutes walking - still this no).	
Jun 10 2006	Do Not Stay In This Terrible Hotel/ No Service	Hello,We stayed in June 2006 in this Horrible hotel.The rooms are very small, old, not clean, window dirty, you could not look outside.The hotel owners were rude, we got not service from them, they only wanted our money.When we checked out we kept our bags in the hotel for a couple of ours and we had to pay for 2 suitcases 5 pound, THIS IS NOT NORMAL. When we came back, the owner asked us for a gift! So rude! He had to give us money for staying in this HELL HOTEL. In prison you get better BREAKFAST! In the breakfast room were a lot of bugs, so nasty!I WILL NEVER STAY IN THIS HELL HOTEL AGAIN. IT IS A ONE STAR HOTEL, BET THEY NOT EVER DESERVE THE ONE STAR!DO NOT STAY IN THIS HOTEL!	
May 28 2006	Not even one night	Introduction:I’ve been to London several times therefore I know a decent hotel can be quite expensive.However, this time in April I just needed a hotel for one night (I paid about USD$ 80.- for one night) because I had a flight early in the morning leaving from London Gatwick. I read the very negative reviews on tripadvisor beforehand and thought it can’t be so bad for just one night. I was wrong!Hotel location: The hotel is located in a quiet area about a 15min walk from Victoria Station (Underground, Railway, Gatwick Express).Hotel room:There is no elevator; I had to haul my suitcase up a narrow staircase which is very exhausting. The room is super-small, there is no cupboard or shelf to put the luggage or any other things.The bed mattress is poor quality, when lying on the bed I felt every single mattress spring and could hardly sleep. There is no bedside table also the phone was simply on the carpet beside the bed. The bathroom is very tiny even brushing the teeth is difficult to accomplish.I did without taking a shower because I was afraid I may get stuck in the tiny bathroom.Summary:The hotel is very poor quality therefore I can only advise against staying in the Park Hotel.I only wonder why this hotel is bookable through international hotel reservation agencies. Such a hotel should not be listed in international hotel databases.	
Apr 9 2006	great for location awful for staying in!	Park Hotel is located in a great area, really near Victoria station, so its really easy to get around london BUT i have to warn that this hotel is possibly the most depressing hotel I have ever stayed in! To be fair, the people who ran it were lovely to us from start to finish but the rooms were awful. Me and my partner ended up popping to victoria station to use the toilets as the smell was awful coming from them! The bedlinen was clean and changed in the morning but there were dubious stains on the oversheets the walls as well as what looked like dog hair all over the floor! The plugs were dangerously wired with exposed wires and scorch marks etc...the window was also missing the handles so we couldnt shut it! not too good considering the noisy road below! We avoided breakfast as we couldnt really stomach it so i cant vouch for the food there. sounds snobby but we went expected a 3 star hotel and ended up in something more like a hostel. Was booked as a surprise birthday present and to be honest my partner who'd organised the trip was gutted! In defense of the hotel the staff were nothing but helpful, almost apologetic for the hotel itself and the beds were comfy and you are located so centrally its ideal if youre exhausted and simply need somewhere cheap to sleep but do not visit there if your staying any longer than one night as you will be sorely dissapointed!	
Mar 8 2006	holiday hotel hell	I cannot say one good thing about the park hotel, on our arival we were made to walk to another hotel in the rain, after an already long journey. The people were rude and didnt speak much English, The rooms were very unclean, there was even sick on one of the beds when we arived, and the staff seamed shocked when we asked them to change it. I found clumps of hair on the carpet and in the beds and the room smelt of cheep bleach. i would advise people to stay away from the park hotel as it was the very low point of my holiday. if people are wanting to stay in a cheap hotel in london i would say to them &quot;look else were&quot; the park hotel RUINED MY HOLIDAY!.	
Mar 8 2006	Dissapointed!	I understood when i booked the holiday that the hotel would not be one of the best. I was certainly right! Me and my friend went away for a weekend and we were quite dissapointed. bathroom was up to standards but extreemly small, the room seemed quite dirrty. the carpet needed a good clean. on the first morning of waking up, i realized that there was some sort of stainigde on the bottom of my quilt, and to be honest it didnt look pleasent. it looked like someone had either -- on the duvet or been sick on it. It certainly wasnt me!!! But on the bright side it was removed straight away after i had complained! The only good thing about the room was that it had a balcony. This was pleasent for smoking in the morning and watching the world go by. The street which we was on was very nice. Shame about the hotel though!!!!	
Feb 27 2006	hotel from hell	where do i start we checked in at 2 30 and was very disappointed with the room we had booked a triple room and we could not move it was 1 single and then 2 singles pushed together when we sat on the beds they shook we looked underneath and it was frames of thin wood banged together with matresses on top there was no where to hang clothes and they had to stay in the case the sheets were clean but the top cover was dirty looking the en suite was disgusting the shower head was filthy and had tape round it the handle to put the shower on was broke and taped up the sink was dirty and both shower and sink had alot of lime scale on them we were very unhappy but as they has made us pay when we came in we had no choice but to stay we then went straight out my 14 yr old twins were very unhappy the best is yet to come my daughter left her new phone in the room when we got back it had gone no one new where it was and the staff were terrible all they kept saying is nothing like this has happened before and said no one had been in the room but we new they had because we left a cup on the window and it was gone and the window open then two days later we set a trap we put earrings down and took a photo suprise suprise when we got back they had gone as well but once again nobody new i asked the cleaner she didnt no and when you went to reception all they would do was grin at you our overall stay was disgusting and we will never go to this hotel again and if you want a good trip dont stay here oh and by the way the fone was switched on the day after we got home and eveytime i rang it they turned it off but just to let the person who stole my 14 yr olds fone and earrings we have had the sim card cancelled and the fone blacklisted my only thought is has any one else had any thing stolen from this hotel and by the way the picture that they have on the sites is not the park hotel and it looks nothing like that inside a very angry mum and we have photos that we will add soon	
Feb 13 2006	I would not recommend to anyone.	This hotel is small and dirty. We booked via the internet and was not expecting anything too glam but at least something clean. The shower and toilet were discusting. We actualy didnt stay there we checked into another hotel.	
Feb 3 2006	All you need.	It all depends on your expectations. We were in London for one week, and all we needed was a bed to sleep in. Your not supposed to hang around at the hotel when you're in London. We went out in the city in the morning. the Victoria St. is nearby with all its tube-lines. And stayed out until the afternoon, took a shower and went out for the evening. We didn't have any problems with the hotel at all, and they were smiling at us in the reception.	
Jan 29 2006	The Folks Living on the Embankment in Cardboard Boxes Get A Better Deal	The room was tiny and dirty. The bedlinen had stains on it. The windows were filthy and let in a draught.The laminate flooring didn't fit the room and so there were many cracks in it at the edges.The radiator was cold but nevertheless made banging noises.Already I was regretting booking this awful place.The coffee facilities did not include sugar and when I asked for some was told 'five minutes'. However, two hours later it hadn't arrived. Whether it would ever have come or not I do not know.The final straw was when I went to the loo (which was in a room with a shower and was in total no larger than a coach toilet) and after doing the necessary, could not locate any loo paper.In addition, there was only one towel - a small hand towel which would have made it tricky to dry oneself after a shower - assuming the shower worked of course, which based on the rest of the facilities was probably very doubtful.The sink was filthy and had red stains, the origin of which makes the mind boggle.No way was I prepared to stay in this place overnight, even though I had paid upfront for three nights - so I left.	
Jan 27 2006	Horrible service!	My family of 5 had booked 2 rooms via the internet. The room itself was reasonably clean considering it was a budget hotel. However, the bathroom was the tiniet one i've ever seen in my whole life. There was not enough room to even towel myself down after a shower. As our flight out of london was in the evening and we had to check out in the afternoon, we checked with the reception on whether we could keep our bags in a spare room till we left for the airport on our last day. The man at the reception was nice about it initially. The next day there however, he told us he'd have to levy a fee of 3 pounds per piece of luggage! we've stayed in numerous hotels round hte world, and this was the first itme ever a hotel asked for luggage storage fee! When we disagreed, he got really nasty. Needless to say, we checked out of the hotel and stored our luggage in left luggage at the airport. Terrible service. Downright nasty people. Do NOT stay there.	
Jan 8 2006	Value for Money	We stayed in the Park Hotel over Christmas and were pleased with the room and both the price and the location were great. Really great value too! We booked our room on the internet and it was exactly what we had expected, a budget hotel. We travelled with our 16 and 10 year old children and were travelling on a tight budget. This was a nice inexpensive hotel and catered well to our family - the front desk reception was very helpful to us througout our stay. The rooms were comfortable and suited us perfectly.	
Oct 11 2005	Do not ruin your vacation!!! Warning	WARNING!!! DO NOT RUIN YOUR TRIP!!!I have been in many bad hotels, but this is by far the worst of all. First, we had to pay to the man at the desk, according to the contract. After he had our money, he said he could not find the room key and sent us to another hotel. We were not the only. Some days afterwards, the man was playing the same game with other guests. The next day, we got a little, dirty, dark and cold room at the basement. It was really filthy and the bathroom was not bigger than an airplane toilet, besides, the plane's is cleaner and has not roaches. The breakfast is included in the price, but the whole place was so dirty that we could not take it there. The only good point is that the hotel is so disgusting that we avoided as much as possible going there; so, we visited many places in London. Even so, we had to spend the night there, and then, the real torture began. There were no blankets, just a sheet, with hair from former users, and a cover with spots whose origin I do not want to imagine. Besides, the radiator does not work and we had to sleep with all our clothes. The services offered in the web site are not actually provided by the hotel and the staff doesn't care about any request from the guests. These people has no sense of ethics.	
Oct 8 2005	The worse hotel ever!!!! Please don't book here	We stayed at this terrible hotel 4 nights. When we arrived, they made us pay first, then said that they had lost the key to the room and sent us some other place. The next day they gave us an awfully cold room (no blankets) with bugs and extremely dirty (no cleaning of the bathroom, didn't change the bed sheets from the previews guests). The staff is very careless and just don't care at all about their customers needs. They say they have internet access, which is not true, and also that they are less than 5 minutes away from the Victoria Station when they are more than 20 minutes away by foot. Please think twice or even more before booking at this horrible place.	
Sep 13 2005	A Dump!	Beware, prices may be low, but try something else!I made the reservations almost three months before through an internet site I´ve used several times before with good results. When we came to the Park Hotel we met a rather surly gentleman who didn´t seem especially interested in having us as his guests. After I´d registered he asked whether we would like breakfast, as, he said, this was not included in the price we´d already paid through the internet site. Unfortunately I had not printed all the information from the site, because there it said clearly that breakfast was included. Breakfast would be (after a while of thinking) five pounds a day for the two of us. As we didn´t att all like the look of the premises we saw behind the little reception area (looked like a tiny breakfast room, dark and dirty), we said no thanks.All of a sudden there was some problem with our room and he said he would have to send us down the road to another hotel. We didn´t object as we thought the alternative could hardly be worse than the Park Hotel.So we wound up att the Carbigoe Hotel att 101 Belgrave Road.There we met the only positive part of the whole experience: a rather nice gentleman in the reception. The room was tiny, the shower certainly had both hot and cold water, but the water came mainly out of the tubing as the showerhead was clogged. Two out of four lights in the room and bathroom worked. The bed did have clean sheets, but the rest of the room was dirty, wall-to-wall carpeting of dubious colour, drapes that were graying from dust, ingrown dirt in the bathroom; no one knows what hid under the bed, we certainly didn´t look and I´m quite sure nobody else has for years and years.In spite of it all (and thanks to the clean sheets!) we decided to stay the two nights we´d already paid for and not let the sorry state of the hotel destroy our visit to London, rather take it as a lesson for the future.But please, if you can avoid our mistake, search for another hotel, there are lots of them i London, not all clean, but hardly any in sorrier state than the Park-Carbigoe!	
Sep 1 2005	Not so cold	I don't know how someone from Canada managed to be freezing cold in August in Britain. However, we do agree that the hotel could have been better. There were two of us booked into a double room, but they only gave us one towel. Not that we needed two, as my wife refused to use the bathroom anyway because it didn't look clean enough. No lift, narrow stairs with grooves worn in the middle of the steps - a definite safety hazard. Receptionist was polite and friendly. Not a terrible experience, but given the bathroom issue it was lucky we were only there for one night.	
Aug 21 2005	The Park Hotel Nightmare in London	We found our hotel which was nothing like the description on the Expedia site. It was, at that time, described as a cosy, family run Hotel. It was dingy and small and had no heat, We had booked a month early and Expedia had charged us the rent in advance otherwise we would have left and found some place else. They tried to give us a room in the basement we argued with them and then they tried to put us into a room on the first floor. That room was small with a double bed filling the space. The room had a narrow corridoe leading to a grimy window looking out to a light shaft. The corridor was being used to store, upended single beds, making it impossible to get to the window. We finally got a room on the third floor overlooking the grimy rooftops. Of course no lift. The room was dirty the window was so filthy that you could hardly look out of it. The blankets were so dirty we wouldn't sleep under them. The room was freezing cold. We went out for some supper and I told the receptionist that the radiator wasn't working and she assured me she would have someone fix it. When we returned to the room it was still icy cold and the radiator was like a fridge. I went back down to the reeception to encounter a new person who informed me that they can't get an electrician at night....the radiator is supposed to be steam. He offered to give me an extra blanket. We couldn't/wouldn't use the filthy one we already had. I noticed the reception area was toasty warm and saw that it was being warmed by a couple of electric heaters. I demanded one of the them and he agreed and actually carried it up to the room and plugged it in. We spent the night, fully clothed lying on top of the bed. The shower was so small and filthy we wouldn't use it and the toilet flushed only after repeated flushing. We certainly suggest that if anyone is considering this hotel...don't.	
Aug 3 2005	Nightmare on Belgrave	We booked our accommodations through a reputable online service two months prior to our trip abroad and received guaranteed booking confirmations with our credit cards. We arrived in London late (10 PM) due to traffic problems from Stansted and The staff that answered the door, scrambled through the stack of papers to find our reservations for one week had been cancelled. They sent us an e-mail at 7PM that night to cover themselves. Live 8 was to be the next day and all London hotels were booked. They gave our room to a higher bidder. When we told them they were bound by the contract they made with us, they said they were not because they sent an e-mail. When we said they needed to help us for that night at least, they said well, all right, we could have the room for that night only. So the room was available, but they had no sense of ethics about honoring the contract. The &quot;staff&quot; was not accountable, and we had to demand to speak to the manager. They called her, and she had no compassion for our family's situation which they caused. They need to be approached by the London Tourist Board and all other groups that book for them. If this is the type of establishment that Bed and Breakfast Agencies are going to list, the agencies will lose credibility. We had to look up and down the street that night. We ended up with a small triple for four people, because one B&amp;B felt sorry for us. Do Not Book Here!!!	
Aug 1 2005	good for the price	for the price you pay and for the location this hotel could be fine for you we had a quad room with a double bed and 3 single beds we took the basement room and for the money it was ok.this is only a 2 star hotel and if you expecting the ritz like the other people on her except our american friend this is for you you are only 10 mins from every thing buck house covent garden we had a fantastic weekend watched the cricket and got plastered only one downside which we were not fussed about was the bathroom bit small but so what	
Jul 27 2005	Stay Away	All the other reviews seem to be telling the truth, pay a bit extra and stay somewhere else .Oh and yes there are bed bugs.	
Jun 30 2005	Please read this before booking at this farce	I have visited this site to see if anyone else had similar problems with the Park Hotel-i am relieved and disgusted to find this is the case. i only hope if you are reading these reviews you are doing your research BEFORE you book...After a wonderful week in Edinburgh last week i had planned a day in London to surprise my boyfriend for our anniversary-just somewhere to end up at the end of a day and night sightseeing. i had booked through a reputable internet agent specialising in cheap-ish deals, whom i had not had any problems with before and still do not hold responsible. unfortunately, i booked the Park Hotel.Upon arrival, we knew instantly from the shoddy, adbrupt nature of the 'staff' and the poor excuse for a waiting-room-cum-breakfast-room that we were in for a shocker. after being made to wait for 20 minutes whilst they 'found' our booking, in amongst a pile of strewn papers, we were shown to our 'room' in a building down the road. The reception desk half hanging off the wall and the attractive stench of the carpet didn't exactly fill us with confidence; the room itself was a live hazard of electrical liability with stained sheets. When my boyfriend attempted to shave - there wasn't a plug on the end of the chain - one of the many men who were hovering in the corridors peered into the room. which was a nice touch. towels dirty, furniture broken, toilets filthy, bags of rubbish nearby, wires sticking out of the wall, you name it...This basically ended up being a very expensive locker room for the day, and all the plans for a day and night in London ruined by the disappointment of the whole expereince. we ended up going home soon after and cutting our holiday a day short. OK, so it's 2 star (allegedly), but this doesn't mean you should expect a swarm of 'repair' men to be hammering next to your wall and lounging about in the reception area with cans of lager. (when pressed, the receptionist said there had been a plumbing emergency, but didn't see my point when i said it would have been nice to be informed as a guest in the hotel). infuriating is not the word for the look of amusement/nonchalance on the face of the staff when we told them we were certainly not staying. I am very glad to hear this hotel has been reported to environmental health. This experience totally spoilt the end of an-otherwise perfect holiday, and i am just hoping that i will soon be able to laugh about this.	
Jun 23 2005	Stay in a Park instead	Stay somewhere else, please!	
Jun 19 2005	never ever stay at Park Hotel not even a night	We booked a room in Park Hotel via internet last month, what can I say about Park Hotel?! One word I guess: TERRIBLE... Park Hotel is the most terrible hotel I have ever booked and stepped in in my trip in London. When we arrived in Park Hotel at around 11 am on 12 June, the room was not yet prepared as we checked in a bit earlier on that day. The room was just a mess, dirt and rubblish around, but that's acceptable for us as it was before the standard check in time. The staff just told us to leave our luggages in the room and they would clean up the room when we were back.GUESS WHAT HAPPENED, the room was still a mess when we were back at night. We immediately told the receptionist. Guess what he did for us...he simply changed the bed sheet and swept the rubbish away, and the bed cover which was being put on the dirty floor at the time he changed the bed sheet, remained unchanged. (I was actually standing out the doorway of the room, watching him to clean up the room we booked) We were so mad about his so called room service... HOW COULD A SO CALLED 2 STARS HOTEL LET THEIR GUESTS USE THE OLD DIRTY BED COVER THAT BEING PUT ON THE MESSY FLOOR AND WENT AWAY WHEN WE ASKED FOR CLARIFICATION ABOUT HIS SO CALLED ROOM SERVICE??!!! We were so disappointed about it. We wanted to get refund and leave the hotel as soon as we could. When we tried to ask for refund, the receptionist kept telling us that &quot;IT WAS NOT MY FAULT, IT WAS THE FAULT OF THE STAFF RESPONSIBLE FOR ROOM SERVICE,THAT'S WHAT I CAN DO. IF YOU DON'T WANT TO STAY, YOU CAN SIMPLY LEAVE THE HOTEL&quot;... HEY HEY HEY, what a JOKE! WE PAID FOR THE ROOM BUT WERE ASKED TO LEAVE THE HOTEL WHEN THE ROOM WAS NOT YET PREPARED FOR GUESTS TO STAY....We didn't blame that it's his fault, but we blamed that it's the hotel's fault to provide such kind of room service to the guests, that's why we wanted to get refund and leave the hotel...At that time, a new guest came, my friend told the new guest how the room service of park hotel was/would be, u know what? the receptionist suddenly ran towards my room, threw our baggages outside the room and kept yelling at me telling that my friend had no right to talk to his guest. Hey, I was his guest, too...but did he ever treat me and my friend as guests? and did he have the RIGHT to yell at me furiously and throw my baggage away without my permission, too? I felt so scared and mad from the way he did to us at the time. We felt that we were being threatened by the staff in park hotel as he called another staff from the other hotel that has connection with park hotel to come and bargain with us. Because of the horrible room service and worst performance of the staff, we decided to leave Park Hotel finally. However, the receptionist interrupted us when we tried to stepped out of the hotel. Lucky that we had the room key with us, so we eventually stepped out of such poor hotel and gave him back the key of that messy room. After we left Park Hotel, we booked a room in Dover Hotel on the same street, but the staff there is absolutely nice, and helpful, the breakfast is great and the price is reasonable....so if you ever think of booking hotel in London, Dover is the one I highly recommend to.P.S. This is the most horrible experience I have in London. I understand that a hotel like Park Hotel would not provide a great room service to the guest when it is only paid at the price of 45 pound per night, but I do understand that the guests do NOT deserve a ZERO room service by paying at the cost of 45 pound per night as well....so if you ever think of booking a room in park hotel, plz consider it carefully...or else, I am sure that your wonderful trip in London will be ruined by their poor service....	
Jun 1 2005	We got lucky!	We arrived at 3.30 in the morning to be told by the man on reception that they had no record of our booking - even though we had pre-paid! This man seemed to have no idea whatsoever about customer service and when I objected to having to move to another hotel because they were full up anyway he started calling me names! I walked out onto the pavement and let my wife deal with him as I was boiling mad. We eventually got in across the road and it was quite nice, but it looks like we had a lucky escape.	
May 31 2005	What a rat hole !	My friend and I booked a twin bed room. We ended up with a bunk bed closet, (you can't call THAT a room). With a shower in it but absolutely no privacy. Everything in it was old and it was on the top floor, meaning you had time to die about ten times before actually reachiong your closet. I asked for another room and they sent us to their other hotel on 101 belgrave road. The room was an actual room with a double bed but everything was still old, there was only one pillow case and one towel. The bed was terrible, the carpet was decrepid and dirty. What a rip off !!!! NEVER GO THERE ! And they have 2 stars !!! Come on...be serious!	
May 4 2005	Unfit for animals let alone humans	Words cannot describe this hotel. We we in the basement and the bathroom was cramped and very dirty. The bedcovers provided were threadbare and full of holes, they would have not survived a wash. Our window was taped close with selloptape and the emergency exit in the corridor was blocked with dirty laundry. We lasted one night and was moved to the nearby Corbigoe hotel which I think is run by the same family. It is not much better! Would not recommend this dump to anyone.I have reported my findings to the Enviromental Health.	
Apr 20 2005 	Awful!!!!	I went to this hotel with my mother. We stayed there for 3 nights (lucky us!).Firstly, they wanted the money when we arrived and only in cash, when I told them that I would like to use my card they have refused. The girl at the reception told me that if I don’t have the cash I should go to a cash machine and get some. When I payed I have asked to get a receipt, but I was “politely” ignored.I have asked the girl to give me a room at the ground floor as we were carrying heavy suitcases and she said to me that would not be any problem. The room that we got at the end was at the basement. Inside the room there was another door that was leading to the backyard due to that door and the gap that existed between the door and the floor the room was really cold. There were two “clean” towels for to use, but when I tried to bring them close to my face the smell coming from them was disgusting.The bathroom was tiny and the shower curtain had stains. When I decided to take a shower, I discovered that the shower was in a recess of just a couple of centimetres which caused the water to overflow into the rest of the bathroom, and then into the main room if left running for more than a few minutes.In the room you could find a kettle and cups to make tea or coffee, but they looked so dirty that I didn’t dare to use them.The next morning we were woken to the smell of garbage, and when we looked out of the door we found bags of trash a few feet away which had been put at the fire escape by the staff during the night to be taken away the next day.The hotel was offering breakfast, but we didn’t had any as some other friends of mine that were also leaving in the same hotel told me that the breakfast was very poor (cheap bread, cornflakes and tea or coffee) and also you had to stand while you were eating as there was no proper dining room.I could write for ever about the negative things I found in this hotel, and the things that my friends told me about their rooms, but I am sure that you got the idea already.Whatever you do DON’T go to this hotel, maybe is cheap, but even for that price the hotel is horrible.Youth hostels are much better than this place.	
Nov 14 2004	if there was a worse rating than terrible....	... then this place would get it. You'd be better off sleeping on a park bench then staying here - freezing cold room, broken mattress, unhelpful and rude staff, dirty bathroom with fixtures hanging off the wall. The heater was a nice touch, shame about the broken leg and the lack of a plug socket to plug it into!This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in - if you want to enjoy your stay in London avoid this dump.	
Aug 12 2004	Disgusting and unhealthy : dangerous!!	All we have just read in the reviews proved true for us. Unfortunately we have experienced something even worse : SCABIES!We had noticed there were fleas in our bedroom, which was disgusting enough, so when three days after staying there one of us started getting red spots on her forearms we just blamed the fleas...Back to France she got worse and had to go to the doctor's to be told that actually she had scabies!She is being treated at the moment but the itching is umbearable and she looks as if she had small pox!She won't be able to go to the seaside as she had planned to do and all her family will have to undergo preventive treatment...So please don't go to Park hotel or Carbigoe hotel all belonging to the same dishonest family.	
Aug 3 2004	Absolutely disgusting! Walked out of there straight away!	Booked via the internet, prices were the same as The Victoria Inn down the same road which, regretably, was booked for the dates we wanted (recommend the The Victoria Inn for good, cheap and clean accommodation) so expected same standards. Anyway, I called to confirm my ETA at the Park Hotel having booked the week before but they didn't have a record of me, was told to call back an hour later, they had then found it(?). We turned up at 2pm and was told to wait in reception, which is a small room which is also the breakfast bar. It was very grubby and lots of staff sitting aorund not cleaning it, waited 20 mins for the reception staff to state that the room was now ready, went to the room which was very tiny, one double bed, no hanging space whatsoever, the shower room was tiny and dirty with hair still on the floor (had just been cleaned allegedly) - the prices did not reflect this very dirty place. A real disappointment. Also, staff seemed surprised at my disgust! DO NOT STAY HERE! YUK!	
Jul 28 2004	Don't stay here!	Our booking was originally for the Corbigoe Hotel on the same street. After walking for 25 minutes from Victoria Station (with luggage), we were greeted by an unfriendly man who spoke no English except, &quot;I don't speak English. Please wait.&quot; Eventually, another man (whose English was not much better) came from another hotel to collect our money. Then, he made us move to the Park Hotel because Corbigoe was overbooked. After giving us the room key, he informed us that breakfast was not included in our room rate, even though when we reserved the room, it was included. He told us that we would have to pay 3.50 pounds each if we wanted breakfast. When we protested, he dismissed our arguments and continued to tell us that breakfast was not included. We found out the next morning, however, that fighting for breakfast was not worth it, since it was simply cornflakes and bread (hardly worth 3.50)!Our room was on the 4th floor, no lift. The room was tiny, with only an aisle of one foot width to walk around. The bathroom was tiny (smaller than a cruise ship!) The toilet did not flush all the time, and the water was either really HOT or really COLD, and the shower did not have adequate water pressure. The room was filthy. It was obvious that it hadn't been vacuumed in a very long time, and during the 4 nights we stayed there, it was never vacuumed. The trash was only emptied once (even thought it was always overfilling), and we never got enough towels. There was a kettle to make tea, but after the first day of using the teacups, they never replaced them. Every morning, around 4am, we were awakened by a loud noise emanating from somewhere in the building. The doors squeaked a lot, as did the stairs, so we could hear everyone in the building moving about. All members of the staff were discourteous and could care less about customer satisfaction. We were never made to feel welcome at all, except when we paid for our room. All these people care about is your money, and they don't seem to understand the concept of customer service. Whatever you do, don't stay at Park Hotel or at Corbigoe when you come to London! This is the worst place I have ever stayed at. Even youth hostels are better than this!	
Jul 26 2004	DON'T DO IT!!! Please don't do it!	Oh goodness, please don't stay here. I wish I had known about this site before we booked our reservations...don't be drawn in by the seemingly low price, it's not worth it.So, in our four nights in this hotel, we were in three different rooms...and we were actually down the street in another hotel owned by the same folks. It seems like this is a common occurence. We kept switching rooms because we complained so much about the rooms we were given. The first one had two twin beds, instead of the double we asked for...and the sheets on one of them were badly stained. While we have not issues with sharing a shower/toilet, the ones we were pointed to were frightening. Our shower had no light in it (so it was pitch black if you closed the door), which was probably a good thing given its state of affairs. We walked down about 4 or 5 flights of stairs to get to the next shower, which was barely servicable. At any rate, things were just awful here. The management was distant and not of much help. The fellow at the front desk was nice enough, but it was hard to get any allowances from them....they have that manner of just nodding and smiling and saying yes, while not really working to fix things for you. While we were there, four other groups either left in disgust, or had the same sort of room-hopping experience we did.There are plenty of other hotels in this area: Belgrave is full of them. We'd highly recommend the Best Western just down the street. Their night assistant was very helpful in answering questions for us, and they would have given us a reasonable deal on a room.One word of advice: it seems like, even if you have a reservation, the European system is that you can always say no when you are first shown the room. They may not be able to give you another, but they'll let you out of any obligation if you say the room isn't satisfactory.	
Jul 2 2004	Nice dump won't go back	The hotel is not as close to Victoria Station as the maps depict. It's a 10 minute walk, which is not bad unless you add suitcases.When we arrived, we were shown the basement suite. &quot;Assam&quot; or &quot;Asif&quot; (whatever his name is) tried to pass off the access to the alley as the door to the &quot;balcony.&quot; Um, no. It was actually a room with one double and one single bed, but can tell it is used often for parties. Actually there were about 6 cases of empty beer cans &amp; bottles outside the door. I had to argue with this guy for 30 minutes to give us a different room. When he did, it was on the 2nd floor adjacent to the street. The room was so small that cruise ship rooms are actually bigger. And what they call &quot;en-suite&quot; is actually a modular bathroom that is truly smaller than on a cruise ship. I had to walk sideways to get to the far side of the bed. There was little room to lay out suitcases. There is no lift. Sliding door was bolted shut and the room was stuffy without outside air. (Yes, there was a top window that opened, but it wasn't enough.) Watch out for your appliances: even with an adaptor, we couldn't get certain items to work. Were it not for the fact that we already paid for the room, we would have left. Yes, it's close to Victoria and about a 15 minute walk to Buckingham Palace, but we will not return to this hovel.	
Jun 11 2004	Park Hotel on Belgrave Road	I reserved two nights in the Park Hotel for a single room with a bathroom which cost me for the two nights £85.--, when I got there they told me that they had no single rooms and that someone was coming over from another hotel (situated at 101 Belgrave Road) and that they had single rooms but without any bathroom. it was half a floor down. The room was very small and smelt very bad. So don't stay there.	
Apr 19 2004	Do not stay here unless you want to be ripped off	Like 90% of the reviews on this site, this hotel is absolutely horrible. Not even one of the worst in England, but the entire world. I've done a lot of traveling around the world, stayed in many places and this is absolutely the worst I've stayed in in my entire life.Being kicked out of Corbigoe Hotel because they were fully booked although we had advance reservations, we were sent to Park Hotel. When I went to Park Hotel, the man there asked if I was paying by cash or credit card and when I answered credit card, he immediately answered, &quot;We're fully booked. Pay me now and go next door&quot;. I refused to pay him (for obvious reasons), I go next door and it's a hotel under renovation! It was almost 2am by that time, and we were two girls walking up and down the street in the middle of the night looking for a bed. The hotel next to Park Hotel was pitch black (no lights) and there was absolutely no one there. We went back to Park Hotel and they said that there was nothing they could do. We ended up staying at Days Inn.The next day, we were kicked out of Corbigoe Hotel once again because they were all fully booked although we had advance reservations once again. We were sent back to Park Hotel, and luckily (or unluckily) there was room for us. We were shoved into a room in the basement, the bathroom is extremely puny (if any of you have ever been on a cruise and know how small the bathrooms are...the Park Hotel's bathrooms are even SMALLER). The rooms are filthy as well.When we checked out, they told us it was a pound to keep our luggages there for the day. This is fine, of course, because many places in London charges a pound. We asked them if it was a pound for all four luggages that we had, and they said yes. When we were about to pay, the guy there suddenly changes his mind and says it's four pounds, one pound for each luggage. We refuse of course, and he says a minimum of two pounds is required. We ask him if we can pay when we come back and he says that's fine. So just to be safe, I ask him to write a note saying that we owe him two pounds. Upon hearing this, he is furious and says that it's four pounds now!I have NEVER encountered ANYONE who fluctuates prices so RAPIDLY!! Of course we do not pay him the four pounds, and storm out of the hotel furious. We go to Days Inn and tell them that we stayed there before and they let us store the luggage there for free.THIS PLACE IS A COMPLETE DUMP RUN BY PEOPLE WHO DO NOT KNOW HOW TO DO BUSINESS. ALL THEY CARE ABOUT IS YOUR MONEY. THEY DON'T CARE ABOUT ANYTHING ELSE! DO NOT STAY HERE IF YOU WISH FOR A PLEASANT EXPERIENCE IN LONDON!	
Mar 31 2004	what a dump in lovely victoria!	we arrived at 9.30 exhausted not quite a 3 minute walk from victoria as mentioned in the website more like 25 mins! the man behind the desk was very vague only interested in what time we were checking out!! we had room 215 on the third floor naturally no lifts. the bedroom was a shambles the curtains were filthy the nets black.oh yes there was tea and coffee making facilities with powdered milk - 2 of - and a bathroom worthy of being on the &quot;Dr Who&quot; as it was just like the tardis! on my life this is possibly the worst flea pit in London 2* for what reason I would love to know dont tell your friends about this place they will think you are cheap!	
Mar 2 2004	I will not go there again it's dirty and --	it' the worst hotel I have ever been in my life and I do travel 8-12 times a year, visiting Park hotel in fabruary 2004 they did not give a room and being ask to go to Corbigoe Hotel (one of their hotel) and my booking has been made about a month in advance, at Corbigoe Hotel they put me in a tiny little room where I can't find place to walk just a single bed against the wall near the window with a broken glass, the heater is not working, no mirror in the bath room, no toilet paper holder, broken door lock, no number on the room door, no porter to carry up the 4th floor, no light fixture just a bulb hanging by an electric wire, a tv with an broken antenna without a remote and cannot change channel nor adjust the volume, (tv set has no manual control ). I was too tired to check in another hotel and they mention it's only 3 minutes walk from Victoria rail Station where it's actually take 20 minutes walk. No internet access, where they mention on their web they do provide access, no clock nor telephone. And the management look un mannered and uneducated in dealing with their customer, I was ignore on many occassion. Only be able to go in the room at 4:30 pm where my plane has arrived at 7am, and has book my room earlier morning. they denied my reservation and I show them a copy of their respond e-mail which they cannot denied. 	
Mar 2 2004	Disgraceful		
Jan 23 2004	One man's trash is another man's treasure		
Dec 27 2003	Don't Think About Staying Here!!! Please I Beg you!!		
Dec 27 2003	per carità!!!		
Sep 26 2009 	Vivamente sconsigliato!!		
Aug 5 2009 	El Terror En Londres		
Aug 1 2009 	Soggiorno da incubo...		
May 19 2009 	à éviter à tout prix		
Apr 13 2009 	No vayais ni locos!!!		
Mar 16 2009	Niemals mehr wieder		
Feb 14 2009 	Pas si mauvai		
Oct 26 2008 	ohimè!!!		
Oct 23 2008 	Un INCUBO !		
Jul 16 2008	Es un bunker...		
Apr 2 2008	volevano farci dormire in cantina...		
Mar 30 2008 	Hôtel à éviter absolument		
Dec 21 2006 	Kein Hotel - sondern eine Bruchbude		
Oct 15 2006 	Romantik in großzügigen Räumlichkeiten (Definitiv nicht hier)		
May 24 2006	Furchtbar		
