	Great Location -- Nice European Hotel	Stayed here over the long &quot;Thanksgiving Holiday&quot; - first time to London and thought this is a charming, nice location hotel. I couldn't have been more happy. Compared to other hotels I have stayed in Europe the room wasn't SUPER small....	
Nov 23 2009 	Fab Hotel	Stayed for one week at the Cavendish executive room, the service was top notch location very exclusive, within walking distance of Picadilly and Mayfair. Surrounded by fabulous shops and restaurants. Ask for a room in the higher floors, you get a view of the London Eye and Big Ben. Hotel Service is great and very accomodating.	
Nov 20 2009 	Great Location nice service small-ish rooms	The Cavendish is very centrally located - my travelling companion and I used our Oyster cards much more rarely than had we stayed further out from central London. It was a 7 minute walk to Trafalgar Sq., or Leicester Sq., and not much further to the ENO or many of the theatres of the West End. The two of us shared an executive king room, which was not overly large, and was a little sparse on storage space, but was otherwise quite comfortable. Breakfast had been included in our rate, and was better than average for a hotel of this level of luxury. The staff was attentive - we ate in the hotel dining room for dinner, and were asked about our meal not only at the time it was served, but also the next morning at breakfast. The only niggling criticisms that I have are that the hangers in the armoire could not be unfastened from the rod (though they were designed to be able to do so), and the &quot;joystick&quot; controls on the bathroom sink were difficult to calibrate temperature and velocity of water, and the very &quot;designer&quot; bowl-shaped sinks were not practical, at least in my experience. The shower and tub were both quite lovely - good water pressure for both, and the tub was large enough to lounge in.	
Nov 15 2009 	Great Location and Friendly Staff	This hotel was the first hotel in London to win the &quot;Green Hotel&quot; award so if lowering your impact on the environment while travelling is important to you, this is an accommodation to consider. We stayed one night at the Cavendish while on a shopping and theatre visit. The hotel is tucked away nicely behind Fortnum and Mason and is within easy walking distance of West End theatres and restaurants. Our room was spotlessly clean and all rooms are non-smoking which deserves an award in itself. The staff were friendly and willing to assist with queries.Breakfast was included with our rate and was very delicious with ample and varied selection. The restaurant was very nicely decorated and cheery - wait staff seemed to abound and attended to our every need.The only slight criticism was that room sizes are on the small side but you do expect that in London. There were no robes in the room which would have been a nice touch. Overall, we highly recommend this hotel!!!	
Nov 10 2009 	Well Worth the Splurge!	We decided to splurge for our five nights in London last July, at the end of our English family holiday. We were able to get a bit of a deal, by reserving and paying well in advance. And given our package included breakfast, it was not bad value overall.The hotel is lovely - very modern decore and is ideally situated between Picadilly and Green Park subway stops. It is just a short walk to St. James Palace, with Buckingham Palace not too far away. We were wary of hotels near Picadilly, as we'd been told they could be noisy, but this was not the case and we would not hesitate to recommend the Cavendish. And if you are in the market for men's shirts, Jermyn Street had many choices!We were booked into a higher-end room - I believe it was a junior suite. It was located on the top floor. One took the elevator to the top, and then went up a flight of stairs - via some windows with fabulous views of London. Of course, someone carried our bags for us. The room was very large, with great eastward views. There was a very comfortable king bed, and a full-size pull-out couch for our daughter. With the couch open, it was a bit cosy, but there was a whole separate area raised a step or two with another lounging chair and lamp, and a small table. The pull-out couch was fine - but a bit lumpy. However, when I asked for a second duvet, one was brought to us immediately. With that for padding underneath, my daughter was quite content.The bathroom was exquisite - large soaker tub, separate shower, and large vanity with lots of room to put all our things. There were two very large closets with drawers and adequate room to hang clothes for all three of us.The breakfast buffet was plentiful, with good choices and variety day-to-day. Although it would have been hideously expensive to buy on its own, it made our room a reasonably good deal. The breakfast room was quite busy on the weekend, but the service was still very cheerful and competent. Genearlly, we found the staff were very accommodating.Our only complaint at all was the elevators. One was out of service for a couple of days, and with the hotel fully booked, it got a bit slow to get around, especially to breakfast. However, this did nothing to dampen our enthusiasm for such a nice hotel. It was well worth the splurge!	
Nov 6 2009 	Excellent centrally situated hotel	We have stayed at the Cavendish before and thoroughly enjoyed it. This time we stayed in a Superior room, and I have to say it was well worth the extra for that extra bit of room. Staff excellent, hotel excellent, general stay excellent. I love coming to this hotel, as it is centrally based for all our &quot;retail therapy&quot; as well as you can park the car (underneath the hotel) overnight at a very reasonable rate. Cannot wait to go back and stay. Truly.Thanks to all the staff at the Cavendish.	
Nov 2 2009 	Great stay at the Cavendish....	I booked the Cavendish Hotel for my husbands 30th birthday as a surprise..what a great hotel! the hotel is in a great location, is modern, spotless and very welcoming. We stayed in a double superior room which was spacious and had all the mod coms. before i arrived i had rang the hotel to ask if we could have a room with a view as it was my husbands birthday...The room they gave us was on the 10th floor with amazing views of the London eye, aslo the hotel had a big chocolate cake and birthday card delivered to our room..which i thought was lovely. I would definatley recommend this hotel!!! Great stay in London...!!!	
Oct 30 2009 	Sleek Hotel Great Location	I had a very hard time choosing a hotel in London - many of the decent ones were quite expensive, and the ones in my price range were in far-off locations. The Cavendish was a relatively low price for a four star hotel in London, and my travel package came with buffet breakfast, so I decided on this one and am very glad I did. The Cavendish is a sleek, modern hotel located near Picadilly Circus, so the location is excellent. However, it should be noted that the hotel is on a quiet little side street a few blocks AWAY from Picadilly, and I got a little bit lost with all the little winding streets a couple of times. The room was excellent, but it was on the fourth floor and didn't have much of a view - it looked straight into the facade of another building (which, according to my London guide, is actually a very good fancy department store). I would say to ask for a room on a higher floor. It was a bit hard to control the temperature, and it always seemed a bit cold, but the beds were AMAZINGLY soft. It was very hard to get up in the morning!The breakfast is also very good. The buffet is the same everyday and comes with the standard fare: tea, coffee, cereal, scrambled eggs, sausage, bacon, jam, bagels, etc. It was a good breakfast, but if it doesn't come included in your vacation package, I would recommend not taking it because it's about 30 pounds a day! Definitely not worth it. One thing that irks me about classy hotels is that they feel justified to charge you for internet, which the Cavendish does as well. However, internet is free in the lobby, and they have a very cozy sitting area with many outlets to plug laptops into. If you need to print something out, there are a measly three computers in the lobby, and they are free for 15 minutes of use. Overall, the location was awesome (within walking distance to the touristy areas of Picadilly and even Trafalgar Square), the rooms were comfortable, and the breakfast was good.	
Oct 27 2009 	Very nice hotel	We stayed at the Cavendish for three nights. We stayed in a superior room on the 14th floor. The room was small, but the bathroom was large and well-appointed. The view was excellent, especially at night. It's location is top notch for restaurants, pubs and theater. It's a 5 minute walk to tube stops and about 15 to the Thames at Westminster. The decor was a little too trendy and modern for our taste. We didn't find it particularly comfortable. The bar was particularly spartan, hence the lack of patrons. But the lounge on the next floor up was more comfortable, if inconsistent service-wise. The concierge service was very helpful, taking care of our reservations, directions and travel plans.	
Oct 27 2009 	Good quality at a reasonable price and great location	We stayed for two nights in October in a classic room. The location was ideal for us with the main theatre district,shopping and many major attractions all within walking distance. Immediately behind Fortnum &amp; Mason on Jermyn Street, the location is quiet and almost perfect for central London.Rooms are a little small compared to many but you can upgrade. Decor is modern and facilities good although it's shower only at the lower end of the price range. The TV was distinguished by having the most complicated menu system of any I've experienced but it's hardly a major issue. The public areas are well appointed but very quiet when we were there. No bar scene here I'm afraid. Breakfast and the main restaurant are on the first floor and some tables have pleasant views of Jermyn Street. You can have breakfast in your room at no extra charge. I recommend it as the wait to be seated in the restaurant was unacceptible on the morning we went (and it was only half full anyway). Choice isn't vast but it was good quality. All the staff were very pleasant - some excellent. This hotel is a great base for a leisure trip to London. It isn't a destination in itself but a stay here will still enhance your trip.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great location great staff	Hotel was really central, you could walk to Oxford Street, Bond Street, Regent Street, so right in the main shopping district as well as being able to walk to Buckingham Palace. Other major sightseeing attractions were only a few stops on the tube. Room was great, one of the cleanest we've stayed in. All the staff at the hotel were really friendly and ready to offer their help with anything. Overall a really good stay at a really good hotel.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great location excellent service and rooms	Great location excellent staff and service...The only negative was that when teh room was serviced &quot;we stayed for 11 nights&quot; it was never dusted, ever..Apart from that it is definatley where we would stay in London every time	
Oct 6 2009 	Cavendish Hotel or Hotel Cavendish?	I was dreading my stay at this hotel as I had booked it before reading the reviews - which were terrible! All I can say is that this hotel is wonderful - location, staff, food and rooms were all fantastic. On returning home I checked the reviews and realised that there is also a Cavendish Hotel (or is it Hotel Cavendish?) in Gower Street, Bloomsbury, and that had been the hotel reviews I had read. Surely this must cause problems with people booking the wrong hotel, and from the revews, I think this must be the case.The staff at the Cavendish, Jermyn Street, are really friendly and welcoming and our room, although a bit small, was perfectly formed! The comfiest bed I've ever slept in, and a beautiful bathroom with lots of soft fluffy towels. The breakfasts were delicious and we also had a pre-theatre dinner where the food was excellent. We had a view of the London Eye from our window which was lovely to see all lit up at at night. We stayed four nights and did not use the tube once - anywhere you could possibly want to go is within walking distance of this central hotel. I would stay at this hotel again whenever in London.	
Sep 26 2009 	BOOK IT!	I stayed at the Cavendish for 9 days and I think it was worth every penny! The location is great (by tube stations, entertainment, food, shopping, theater), staff are oh so helpful and amazing, the rooms are so clean and lovely, breakfast is great and freshly made.The hotel is in a nice cute side street by Piccadilly and it takes about 3 min to get to Piccadilly station and about 5 min to Green park. There are different restaurants and bars with in walking distance. since the area is somewhat touristy I found it very lively till very late at night and very safe to walk around. Make sure to walk everywhere since Regent street, Carnaby and bond street are all the clubs are about 5-15 min walk from the hotel. So take advantage of that. The hotel rooms are very clean and the beds are the most comfortable beds I have every slept on. one of the great services they offer is you can order your breakfast in bed if you dont want to wake up early to catch the buffet hours in the morning. just make sure you fill out the form fr it the night before and hang it out by 2am. Its good for wkend mornings. for internet they have 15 min passes for free, 30 min i think for £5 and 60 min for £10 and so on. We used the computers in the lobby pretty much everyday so we just used the free 15min passes.i read some reviews about the hotel saying the rooms were too small. we had the superior room and it was fine for 2 people. again London hotels are usually small and i thought for the location and the fact that the hotel is not that new at least our room for pretty good size.i cant think of any negative points about the hotel. so just book it! im sure you'll like it!	
Sep 22 2009 	Amazing location and friendly staff.	We stayed a week at the Cavendish and truly enjoyed our stay. The location can't be beat, within walking distance of two Tube stops, Soho and the West End, Buckingham Palace and other major tourist attractions as well as some of London's best shopping. The bed was exceedingly comfy and the room quite roomy by London standards. The staff were relentlessly cheerful and helpful. The only downside: our room was a communicating room with the one next door, and voices travelled trough the doors. However, I would love to stay at the Cavendish again.	
Sep 21 2009 	Fanatastic	Just returned from a wonderful weekend staying at the Cavendish. Had booked on line got a great deal, then got upgraded to a suite.. We use to be regular visitors to this hotel in the past, but for some reason the last time we went ,about 5 years ago, something put us off and we did not return untill this weekend. Mainly due to the positive reviews on TP. The Cavendish was great. Location is unbeatable, everything in close walking distance. We had breakfast served in our room, arrived spot on 10 o'clock as requested. Nice touch was the follow up phone call checking we had everything we wanted. Could not fault the hotel or especially the staff. We will return.PS If you are lucky enough to get a suite ask to face East I think the view is probably better.	
Sep 20 2009 	LocationLocation Location!	This was my first trip to London and I chose to stay at the Cavendish after reading the great reviews on Trip Advisor and loved it. My husband and I stayed in a superior room which some reviewers complain is small but c'mon, if your staying in London you really shouldn't have an excuse to be spending that much time in your room anyway! The Superior room boasts a comfy queen size bed with a tall headboard and small but modern outfitted bathroom with shower/bathtub and a heated towel rack. The beds were very soft with thick duvets and I had no problems falling asleep. Anytime we came back from an outing our room was always spotless and smelled fantastic, in fact the whole hotel smells awesome. Everyone from reception, concierge and housekeeping were very helpful and friendly and eager to please. Another plus is that the hotel has won awards for it's sustainabilty efforts, which is pretty cool. We did not indulge in the breakfasts as there are so many places close by where you can grab a fast bite to eat , like the Tesco market or pret a manger cafes. Also the Fortnum and Mason department store across from the Cavendish has a really great Ice cream Parlour that is fabulous! I can't say enough how convenient the location was as it is between two tube stations Piccadilly Circus and Green Park and really within walking distance of so many attractions. There also is so much fantastic shopping close by on Oxford street and Bond street that I was able to frequently drop off shopping parcels back to the room to hide before my husband came back from his museum outings haha. My one problem was the nightclub beside Fortnum's had some loud revelers during the weekend so it was a little noisy, that's no fault of the Cavendish though and other than that it was pretty quiet. Overall I really loved my stay at the Cavendish and I would definitely stay here again when visiting London.	
Sep 13 2009 	Short City Trip	Visited the Cavendish Hotel on Jermyne Street which we booked on short notice after deciding to go on a short city trip to London. We found to hotel to be very well located (St. James's/Mayfair), the room to be very good although a bit smaller than we expected (it was a 'superior room') with excellent batchroom and facilities. It was a nice touch to see that the usual plastic keycard was changed into a similar plastic thing but this time old-fashioned key shaped ;-)The hotel is in a quiet side street just off Picadilly, without the street noise that goes with a big city. Room is with automatic airconditioning that starts when you enter the room automatically - something we don't like so that was a manual switch off every time. Window could be opened but only for some 15cm / 6 inches, which is not how we like it but what airco'ed hotel offers full open windows nowadays?We booked an advanced payment which included the breakfast buffet, and we liked it. Coffee and toast if asked was brought to the table and the buffet was good - not outrageous but decent. Oh - they did have trouble with coffee brewing though - either too weak or too strong.The room was furnished with nice pillows/cushions, earth-coloured materials. Very soft and comfortable bed, no wooden plank at the end (i'm kinda tall) so plenty of room. Room contained the standard coffee/tea brewer and also an electricity converter which we brought ourselves.Overall a very good hotel, not too expensive given the great spot in the city amidst the best streets for shopping (our main purpose for the short stay) and we definitely would go back the next time.	
Sep 11 2009 	quiet hotel in the heart of the city	The hotel is in an excellent location within a posh area of london and most things are within walking distance. The rooms are well presented and at breakfast there was a wide selection all of good quality. Nice hotel for a short city break.	
Sep 9 2009 	Great Location and Great Deal	I was able to book this hotel at a discounted rate on hotels.com that included breakfast, which was convenient. The rooms were clean and the service was great. The concierge was very accommodating and helped make my stay in London seamless.	
Sep 7 2009 	Excellent Stay at the Cavendish	We enjoyed a one night stay at the Cavendish. I would echo previous comments about this Hotel. Decor is excellent, breakfast superb and everywhere spotlessly clean. However the rooms aren't exactly huge. We booked an Executive room and it was OK size wise so the basic rooms must be a squeeze.Overall The Cavendish is highly recommended.	
Sep 2 2009 	Rooms way to small-great location	The Cavendish is a nice hotel and conveniently located however I stayed in a classic double room with a friend and it was incredibly small. I struggled getting my two suitcases into the room and definitely couldn't open my two bags at the same time. Even if I was by myself it would have been a little tight but I would have been able to better deal with it. I brought up my dissatification with the room size to the manager and he was not all accomodating or seemed the least bit interested in what I was saying. I'm from Washington D.C. and this vacation was my very first to the UK. Because I was so far away from home I was willing to be for convenience and comfort. I didn't receive an adequate comfort level and will not select this hotel for future visits to the UK.	
Sep 1 2009 	Highly recommended - I loved it!	Stayed for one night at the end of august - me for leisure and my partner for business. Can't fault this hotel in any way - we received a complimentary upgrade on arrival and were offered drinks discounts at their bar. The room (superior) was lovely with a big flat screen tv, a DAB radio and CD player and the most amazing view across London which I could see from the comfort of my bed. The bed was possibly the comfiest I have ever had the fortune to sleep in and the bathroom was beautiful and most importantly very clean! Our room was right next to a lift however I never heard any noise the whole time I was there, in fact I wasn't disturbed by anything and given half a chance could have slept forever!On arriving for breakfast we were seated straight away and once again I cannot fault it - my eggs benedict were perfect and the service from the staff was first class - I didn't need to eat until dinnertime!I spent some time in their lounge during the morning and I was so well looked after by very attentive waiters.All in all, The Cavendish comes highly recommended - its very central and I really enjoyed my stay - in fact I'd stay here at least once a week if it was up to me!	
Aug 30 2009 	Outstanding!!	We stayed in a junior suite and it was faultless.Service was great, the room was spotless and the bed was huge!!Views over the city were fantastic!!Well worth going for a junior suite for a special occasion.	
Aug 25 2009 	Great location great hotel	The main reason for staying in this hotel has to be its location - at the back door of Fortnum and Masons (just off Piccadilly) this is just a short walk away from the main sites (Regents St., Oxford St, Leicester Square and Shaftesbury Ave). The entrance is low key and the reception area is modern. The reception staff and concierge were very helpful. As we were staying there for a birthday, they put a cake and a card in the room for us, which was a lovely touch and certainly the only time that has happened before! The room was very nice - exceptionally clean and modern with everything you'd need, plus some little extras, like an iron and ironing board. A 42&quot; TV and a CD player and a queen sized bed made the room very luxurious. Although the room is a little on the small side, we expected that being a central London hotel, and was certainly of adequate if not ample size. The bathroom was very modern and made you feel like you were staying somewhere a little bit special. We paid £150 ish for the hotel with breakfast (which was a quite average buffet serve-yourself affair) and were not disappointed with what we got for our money. We'd go back there again.	
Aug 24 2009 	Luxury?	The hotel claims to be 4 star Luxury but don’t expect to get this in the Standard Double. The bed in my room was designed for people no taller than 5’8” so was not entirely comfortable for me at 6’2” tall. This may be so that there was room to get past the end of the bed in the narrow room. Unfortunately this spoilt what would have been a perfect stay at the hotel. The hotel is in a great location, the staff were all pleasant and helpful and the breakfast buffet very good (included in the room price).We stayed a Friday and Saturday night and even though the hotel was full on the Saturday (I tried to upgrade for the second night) it seemed very quiet. I would stay there again but would have to pay more to ensure I get the luxury of a decent bed.	
Aug 24 2009 	Don't choose "classic room"!!	The hotel is not bad, but the rooms are too too too... small. I stayed in the classic room and choose this hotel because it has breakfast included and I did read good reviews about. Choose for this hotel ONLY if you will not stay in &quot;classic room&quot;.	
Aug 23 2009 	Best value by far	WE have just returned from another very pleasant stay. Not much needs to be said - this continues to be the best price / location / breakfast value hotel in this area of London.	
Aug 23 2009 	Fine Central London Hotel!	Stayed for one night at The Cavendish on the basis of previous reviews and I have to agree with many others that this is an excellent hotel. Superbly situated in St James' and within easy walking distance of major attractions and the West End we had a room on the 9th Floor with good open views. The room was an excellent size and was very well equiped, particularly in respect of the state of the art TV and entertainment system. We did not use any of the hotels facilities so cannot comment on this but the price (booked through Expedia) was reasonable for this part of London on our past experience. A familiar moan though about why London hotels cannot include breakfast in the cost when you are paying £150+ for accommodation!	
Aug 22 2009 	I feared the worst	Having read so many negative reviews of both hotel staff and the manager Ciaran in particular, it was with a certain amount of trepidation that I booked this hotel. I chose it because of its proximity to Trafalgar Square and because they were offering an online reduced rate deal. Its location alone was worth the money but any fears that I had weren't realised as we had a first class stay. The concierge was excellent as were the house and breakfast staff. The reception staff and porters though could have done with some training in civility.The room was spotless and very quiet. we had ordered a cot for our 1 year old in advance and arrived to an open futon which wasn't suitable. This was resolved within minutes as was the difficult tuning of our tv. A word of caution however. We had removed all of the items from the minibar as we wanted to use it to keep our daughters food cool. The next day I noticed that we had been charged for every item, £74. I explained that we didn't drink the contents and that they were still in the room. The receptionist informed us through clenched teeth that it was a minibar and not a fridge. It is only 9 degrees c and not suitable to prevent bacteria from forming in milk and baby food. Fair point. I didn't get charged in the end. Breakfast is £21 per head so watch out if it isn't included in your stay. Tesco down the street has an amazing selection of fresh food and great drink should you require anything. It has also won loads of awards for its 'green' credentials. I could write a whole review on this alone.	
Aug 19 2009 	Wonderful place to stay	My husband, two sons age 20 and 17, and I spent two nights at The Cavendish London after a week visiting my husband's parents in Cambridge. We could not have been happier. We had two Superior rooms, one with a queen bed and one with two twins. Neither was especially large, but both were very comfortable. The views from our rooms out across London were wonderful and the views from the windows at the south end of the corridor on our floor were even better. The breakfast included with our room rate was exceptionally good.As others have said, the hotel is in a great location. It's close to lots of the things most people want to see when they come to London, but on a very quiet street. We walked to Buckingham Palace, Westminster Abbey, the theater and several of the central London parks. We had Oyster cards for travel on the Underground, but used them very little. The concierge was able to recommend several nice nearby pubs for lunch and dinner, though he seemed less familiar with moderately-priced restaurants in the area. Overall, the staff was very helpful without being at all intrusive.At 169 pounds per room per night, this was a bit of a splurge for us, but definitely worth it for the comfortable stay and the location. We had seen advertisements for smaller Standard rooms at the hotel starting at 129 pounds per room per night; none were available for our travel dates, but even the Superior rooms were not large and, judging from the plan for our floor, the Standard rooms would have seemed very small. Still, given the hotel's other amenities, if available they would be very good value.	
Aug 13 2009	Excellent Hotel	This hotel ticks all the boxes. Nothing at all to complain about, and I am looking forward to staying again.	
Aug 12 2009 	Fantastic Hotel - Book book book!	Love this hotel. The other reviews here all seem to agree, so not much for me to say! Go for the Executive rooms if you can - well worth it. Request a high floor. Get breakfast included - its a really good spread. If your stay is for a special occasion let them know in advance - we got a REALLY nice birthday cake. Keep it up Cavendish; I will be back!	
Aug 11 2009 	Lovely London Hotel!	We stayed at The Cavendish in late July for five nights and loved it! The location is fantastic and the rooms are nicely decorated and very clean and the staff was very helpful. We loved that our breakfast was included in the price of the room! It was so nice to walk downstairs and start out a long day of sightseeing with a delicious breakfast. Staying here helped make our first trip to London completely wonderful! We will be back!	
Aug 9 2009 	good value great location	we booked this hotel for my birthday weekend and called ahead to organise a bottle of champagne. when we arrived in the room the champagne followed along with a birthday cake &amp; card courtesy of the hotel! the room was small but well equiped. the clenliness could have been better though (hairs in the shower).the first morning our room service order was lost but they made up for it by delivering two breakfasts extremely quickly once the error had been raised.do not book this hotel if you want to spend a lot of time in your room, the location is great &amp; we had a fantastic view which included the gherkin, london eye &amp; big ben	
Aug 3 2009 	Absolutely Fabulous Hotel - Everything Perfect	My wife and I stayed here for our wedding anniversary this weekend and have had a fantastic time. The hotel is in a perfect location just minutes from Piccadilly on foot.From when we arrived on Saturday morning to when we left on Sunday afternoon we were treated like royalty. The staff were always polite, friendly and smiling. Nothing was too much trouble.On our arrival we were dealt with straight away by the reception staff, and, as it was a special occasion we were given a complimentary upgrade from our superior double to an executive double room. The room on the 12th floor was fantastic, just the right size with amazing views across London. We could see the London Eye, St Pauls Cathedral, everything - it was fantastic.The room itself was spotless with everything you could want. The bathroom had a double shower and bath - all immaculate.On Sunday morning our breakfast was delivered to our room spot on time at 08.45 and everything was cooked to perfection and was hot too. We were able to eat our breakfast in the comfort of our own room whilst overlooking London.This Hotel is by far the best hotel that I have ever stayed in and will definitely be back to stay here again - hopefully soon.	
Jul 31 2009 	Great location and a fantastic breakfast	This is the hotel to stay if you want a great spot in London (5 minute walking from picadilly circus). The rooms are confortable, great bed, great view over London. The breakfast amazing. One suggestion to improve: Improve the elevators (long time waiting before getting one).	
Jul 31 2009 	Excellent hotel plus outstanding service!	Stayed in the hotel for a short break for my 21st birthday. Upon arrival i received a complimentary upgrade to a top floor superior room. Reception, bar and restaurant staff all brilliant. After a couple of hours i returned to my room to find a birthday cake and a card from the hotel! Views amazing. Perfect location. situated within walking distance to Bukingham Palace, Oxford Sreet and West End Shows. Cant wait to return!	
Jul 29 2009 	Great Value in Great Location	For the price there is little doubt that The Cavendish is one of the best bargains in London. If the primary purpose of your stay is theatre, there is no better location. It is easy walking distance to all the West End and The National and yet it's located on quiet Jermyn Street across the road from Fortnum &amp; Mason. Superior Room on the 11th floor had amazing views, top notch decor, wall mounted flat screen, spotless bath and was of a good size by London standards. Never once heard either street noise or other guests. The rate included a superb breakfast buffet including fresh juice, fruit salad, Scottish smoked salmon, a wide assortment of jams and wonderful pan de chocolat. In addition you can opt for a cooked to order full English breakfast or ala carte items such as eggs benedict at no extra charge. If you prefer, breakfast can be served in your room again at no extra charge. The staff couldn't be more courteous and helpful (a couple of minor billing discrepancies were quickly and pleasantly resolved) and free lobby WIFI access from a comfortable seat in the hotel lounge was a bonus. After more than thirty trips to London, I've finally found THE place to stay.	
Jul 24 2009 	Tight space but great location.	My wife and I stayed here on the first part of our honeymoon. We upgraded for 20 BP per night for the &quot;larger&quot; room ... which was still tight, but good. Very shiek hotel &amp; room interior. Our room rate had breakfast included -- which was a good option.... the buffet was varied enough to satisfy most anyone. Remember to ask for toast or english muffin etc-- they will toast one up and bring it to your table - nice.You cannot beat the location -- walking to Picadilly &amp; Regent St is a snap; there are many great pubs for dinner/snacks/drinks nearby...one in particular, recommended by the hotel was the &quot;Blue Post&quot; -- very packed, but great food at resonable prices.The only weirdness -- perhaps it's a British thing -- was the shower. The &quot;door&quot; was just a short glass partition that didn't really do much good in keeping the water from going beyon the tub. Even with care, we'd get the sink area wet....of course it could just be us.We didn't use the on-premise pub etc...they were a bit pricy for us.	
Jul 20 2009 	Outstanding service location and food.	Our family of 4 had 2 rooms at this stylish european hotel. A full English breakfast was included with the room. The restaurant was fabulous, the daily breakfast included a buffet as well as eggs cooked to order. The eggs benedict were superb. We enjoyed dinner twice at the hotel, once a pre-theatre special. Both meals were outstanding, I had a hard time convincing my family to eat anywhere else. However, when we did try other local restaurants we found the food and service to be excellent as well. One standout was the Al Duca Italian restaurant just around the corner from the hotel. The food was great and it provided a true contemporary Italian experience right in the heart of London.The Cavendish is very conveniently located just 3 blocks from Piccadilly Circus, but far enough away that you can avoid the Piccadilly noise and crowds. It is within easy walking distance to Trafalger Square and Buckingham palace.In typical London style, the rooms are small but very comfortable. The quality of the materials used in the rooms was top notch and very elegant.My one complaint was the lack of reasonably price internet service. While you can get free wireless service in the lobby, if you want service in your room you will pay £20 pounds daily for the privilege, at the current exchange rate that is $32. In room service was wired only which doesn't help if you're using an iPhone or iPod touch. We just wanted to be able to plan our sightseeing days and having to do it in the lobby was very inconvenient.If you can live with the internet service issue then I would highly recommend the Cavendish.	
Jul 17 2009 	Great job Cavendish!	The Cavendish is wonderful hotel. It’s stylish, clean, comfortable and you will be treated like a dignified guest staying in a luxury boutique hotel in the “posh” part of town. So many hotels in London are overpriced, dank and feel like your grandmothers outdated parlor. This isn’t one of them. Other reviews cover the basics, so here is the important stuff. We stayed in a superior twin room, and didn’t think it was small. Two girls, two large suitcases, and lots of stuff all fit. Bathrooms are well lit and modern. Water pressure is great. Linens are new. Beds are very comfortable. Black out curtains for sleeping in. Good sized televisions with plenty of channels. We got a great advanced rate that included breakfast and VAT. The hotel was actually nicer than we anticipated given the relatively small price difference between the Cavendish and 3 star hotels in London. (As an aside, I visited friends staying at the more expensive Holiday Inn Mayfair, just 2 blocks away—it’s dumpy, dark, smelly—this is a much better hotel. Think W Hotel vs. well, Holiday Inn). Aside from the comfortable accommodations, what we liked most was the location and the service. The location really can’t be beat. We were able to walk to just about everything—Green Park tube station is around the corner, as is Piccadilly Circus; parks; museums; major tourist attractions; shopping and the Thames River. Two years ago I stayed at the Darlington Hyde Park and much, much, much preferred this part of the city—attractions, dining, shopping are all more accessible and better quality as this is one of the best neighborhoods. The staff is extremely accommodating and polite. They delivered ice, juices and made cheese sandwiches especially for us in the early hours of the morning. They also didn’t freak out when friends visited late at night for drinks and were less than quiet. Very professional. Breakfast is great, especially if it’s included in the price of your stay. Eggs are made to order; coffee is delivered to your table; everything is fresh and you can take a plate up to the room for later. They will also deliver breakfast if you order it the night before. This hotel delivers quality and a little luxory at a reasonable price. Overall great. I intend to stay here from now on.	
Jul 16 2009 	The Cavendish - what a great place!!	Hi there,I've just returned home from a great stay at The Cavendish - I found everything about the hotel to be fantastic, in fact, I haven't one complaint! I noticed in previous reviews that some people said the rooms were small and I admit mine wasn't huge but in a city like London you don't spend much time in your hotel or I don't...I'm always too busy exploring!! The location of the hotel is second to none...I barely had to get the tube it was that central (always a bonus in the Summer as the tube gets very hot!) But on days when I did, both Green Park and Piccadilly Circus were within 5 minutes walking distance.And the breakfast buffet is good here too - lots to choose from from bacon &amp; eggs, cheese, ham, cereal, fruit etc.So, all in all I would definitely recommend this hotel	
Jul 14 2009 	Great Location beautiful room super views	We stayed at the Cavendish for one night following a cruise. I had booked an executive room, but when we arrived they said for 30 pounds more we could have the penthouse with terrace. We said ok and it was truly worth it. The penthouse is very large, on the 15th (top floor) with stairs up to the floor from the 14th floor elevator. The living room had two sliding doors with a large terrace that overlooked London and had a wonderful view of the Eye, Big Ben, Parliament, St. Pauls, the pickle and Westminster.The bed was king sized and very comfortable. The bathroom was large with separate shower and bath and eco-green bath amenities. The only thing I could quibble with is that they only left two towels total. It was our anniversary celebration and the staff sent up a delicious chocolate cake!We had to leave for the Heathrow Express at 6:10 am and breakfast which was included didn't start until 6:30 am. However, the staff prepared a beautiful breakfast tray of fruit bowl, croissants, juice and coffee for us in our room. It was wonderful!We would stay here again anytime we are in London. The location, near Piccadilly on Jermyn Street is fabulous.	
Jul 13 2009 	Be aware of the cancellation policy	My husband has stayed at this hotel many times on business mainly for its central location. I booked it today for tomorrow through our regular booking site hotels london and realised as soon as I read the confirmation that I had booked for today by accident. I immediately emailed the booking agent who called the hotel straightaway. They advised that tomorrow is full, although their website is still showing rooms available and that they can do nothing but cancel the booking and retain all the payment. Their website's reservation page says &quot;check or modify a booking&quot; and I can't find where their cancellation regulations are laid out either so he will not be staying here again, just thought others should be aware not to let their finger slip.	
Jul 8 2009 	Stylish compact hotel in a perfect location	I'd bought DH tickets to see Kings of Leon at the O2 for Christmas. After some searching, we decided to go for the Cavendish based on the good reviews on TA, central location and reasonable price (got an early booking discount direct on their website).Was really easy to get to from Euston, even with the Victoria line out of action - just one change. It's about a 10-15 min walk from Green Park with our luggage, about 5-10 without. The hotel doesn't have a massive facade like some others do so not easy to spot immediately -but you can easily spot it because it is directly opposite Fortnum and Mason's.Check-in service was excellent. I'd requested a high-floor room when I booked on the website but because one wasn't available at that time, we were given a complimentary upgrade. Bonus! We were also given some vouchers to use at the bar at for the pre-theatre dinner menu at the restaurant.When we got to our room, our first impression was that it was very stylish BUT it was very small - if that was an upgrade, wonder what a standard room size was?! However, there was everything you needed - hairdryer, iron, big flatscreen TV. The bathroom was equally compact but not cramped. Really nice range of toiletries too. Am assuming that the small size of the room is a reflection of the age of the building and that it may have had a previous life as an office, something other than a hotel anyway!One thing that is clear with the Cavendish is that they are very green - impressively so. The toiletries were in recyclable plastic sachets which significantly reduces waste. There was no hotel brochure - all information was available through the TV, reducing paper usage. Everything that could be reduced, reused or recycled was reduced, reused or recycled! Really encouraging to see that this kind of green thinking is possible in a fairly big hotel.The breakfast was delicious - really wide choice of good quality local food. Staff were pleasant and efficient. And even better for us bedheads, they serve right up to midday at the weekend!The bar is really stylish but quite small. Really nice selection of spirits and table service too. However, it is popular with business types - lots of power lunches going on! And fair enough - would rather hold a meeting there than in a pokey office....but it's not fun for other patrons, felt we had to speak with lowered voices so as not to disturb them!To top off the trendy styling and friendly service, the hotel is in a FAB location. As I said, right opposite Fortnum and Mason's, a few minutes' walk from Picadilly and Regent Street. And if you're going to the O2, it's only 15 mins direct on the Tube (think it's the Jubilee line).I loved this hotel and I'm sure we will use it our base for any future trips to London.	
Jul 8 2009 	READ THE RIGHT REVIEW (iam a pillock)	The wife &amp; i have been wanting to stay at the Cavendish Hotel on JERMYN STREET, for ages and as a birthday treat the wife booked for us to stay for the weekend and to go and watch Oliver as i love Oliver. When she told me this only about a week from when we due to go as it was a surprise but she had to tell me as i was thinking of planning somthing else, so i check out as i always do the hotel. So i put in Cavendish Hotel London and having read the reviews could not believe the reviews as i new this was avery nice hotel and was a bit miffed at the reviews.So now i am back home and ready to wright my review and tell everybody that this is a very nice hotel and can't understand why people thought it was rubbish, only to find that i was looking at a same name hotel but on Gower Street, and not on Jermyn Street, yes i am a pillock. So let me just say that the hotel was very nice the food very good, and very well situated walking distance to most of the sight's. the room and bathroom were on the small side but very nice (superior room) and all the ammenities you require,and would definetly stay here again. there were no problems. Quick tip never mind the Londoe eye we thought it was a waste of money, go to the 14 floor out of lift turn right and at the end of the corrider you will see most of what you see from the eye.	
Jul 7 2009 	Good position not great hotel	the hotel is very central, but yet not too central to make it a problem. we upgraded our room glad we did because the room we got was very small. Staff at reception were very good, staff at bar were excellent, staff at dinner and breakfast not so good. we had early dinner before our show (Waiting for Godot) and that was not good at all, the dinner not the show, very limited options and not so good on the staff side either. if you need somewhere in the middle of London and price is an issue, then stay here, if you want a good or great hotel then don't.	
Jul 6 2009 	The Cavendish is Fabulous	The Cavenish is a fantastic hotel. It was an excellent choice. We upgraded to an Executive room. Our room was fantastic .... very clean, very spacious and with an outstanding view of the London Eye. The bathroom was amazing. The plumbing was Villoy and Boche. It was the best hotle bathroom I have ever seen .... heated towel racks, huge shower, long deep tub and Villoy and Boche fixtures. It doesn't get any better. The staff was very friendly and most helpful. Thankfully breakfast was included in our rate. It was excellent but IMHO, over priced at 21 pounds each (few breakfasts are worth that much to me). Overall an excellent stay in a wonderful hotel. It will be my 1st choice in London. The location is outstanding. It is close to Piccadilly and the West End theatres but ison a quiet street.	
Jul 5 2009 	A Great Base	This was our second stay here and again it was faultless.We stayed just for 1 night for the Hard Rock Calling festival at nearby Hyde Park.The check in was efficient and the room we had , an executive room on the top floor, was really nice with great views of the london skyline and also very very clean.One massive bonus for this hotel is the breakfast,I think it is the best breakfast you can have at a hotel in London and its included in the room rate.The location is brilliant(just behind Fortnum and Mason) so all in all a winner	
Jul 5 2009 	Lovely hotel	We went to London with some familymembers. I had asked for 2 rooms on the same floor and got it too. We got to the hotel before the check-in time. A lovely lady at the reception made it possible for one room to be ready in an half hour. So we could all store our luggage and relax. The concierge gave us directions and maps. In the lobby there is free internet. The rooms are very small, but nice and clean. The view is great.	
Jun 29 2009 	Great Location	Stayed for 4 nights in a Superior room - found the room quite small, but it's clean and is in a quiet but central location (Fortnum and Mason's right across, Piccadilly Circus a mere 3-minute walk). I expected free WIFI, but it was only free in the lobby and I had to pay loads to connect in my room. Staff's helpful yet discreet. They even let me leave my luggage for 5 days even when I wasn't coming back to their hotel afterwards. Breakfast was pricey so I ended up choosing from the various cafes nearby - try the Patisserie Valerie in Piccadilly, close to Ritz.	
Jun 28 2009 	Lovely small hotel with friendly staff	The hotel has a great location, minutes walking from green park, piccadilly circus and so on. The rooms are very clean, newly renovated but not very spacious. Breakfast was LOVELY. Staying at the Cavendish was a very good choice.	
Jun 26 2009 	Wonderful Hotel	I loved my stay at the Cavendish. The rooms are modern, well appointed, comfortable, clean and nice and bright. Not your traditional dank and musty London hotel room. Wonderfully big, double paned windows that really keep the street noise at bay. Stayed here for 13 nights and loved every minute. Concierge was wonderful, had fabulous room service breakfast every morning which was included in the price of my room. I felt pampered from head to toe. Food and service in the hotel restaurant was A++ and the hotel lobby bar was a great place to relax and catch afternoon tea or a cocktail in the evening. Great location in the heart of the best of what London has to offer yet still enough off the beaten path that you get a quaint neighborhood feel. I stayed here alone and the neighborhood was safe for me to walk alone at night. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Jun 25 2009	Never want to stay anywhere but the Cavendish-	What can I say...Everything is great at the Cavendish..My mother and I stayed here for 8 nights and it was our return to the Cavendish...The executive room was spacious, comfy and very well tended to by housekeeping..we even got new mattresses during our stay..that was a first.The morning breakfast, included in our room rate, is an endless buffet with the option to order off a menu as well. Luis was genuinely kind and made sure we were completely happy whenever we were in his sight. What more can a traveller ask for?Since many restaurants are closed on Sundays, we ate in David Britten's hotel restaurant Easter Sunday. One of the best meals of my life...the presentation was a work of art . A sublime amuse bouche was served- a deconstructed stuffed mushroom on brioche. The service by Martin was thoughtful, engaging and, in the Cavendish way, straightforwardly elegant. Springtime cream of celeriac soup was enjoyed via room service, beautifully served in elegance and in less than 15 minutes from the time we ordered.Ben, the head concierge, is very accomplished, warm, generous with his assistance and was so helpful on both our trips in 2007 and 2009.We hope the day never comes when the Cavendish is anything less than a fantastic luxury hotel with a great staff and elegant hospitality	
Jun 23 2009 	Modern clean and comfortable boutique hotel in a great location	I had read all of the reviews prior to my trip and I must say that this hotel definitely deserves all of the positive feedback. The primary reason for my trip was for business during the week. I stayed in Windsor during the week and then moved to central London along with my husband who joined me for the weekend. We are both in our early 30s - no kids, yet! The location is perfect. It is easy to get to and from the airport. The Tube will take you right to Green Park or Picadilly Circus - both about a 5 minute walk to the hotel. It is a little cumbersome with luggage, but this was by far the most cost-efficient mode of transportation. When we arrived at the hotel, it looked exactly as it had in the pictures, which is always a good thing! The woman at reception was very nice. I had requested a room away from the lift and on an upper floor. Both of these requests were honored. We had booked a Superior Room (upon recommendation from a friend who had stayed here). I highly recommend a Superior Room (minimally). I can't imagine the size of the Classic Room b/c the Superior Room was tiny. However, it was exactly what I was expecting. And, as many other reviewers have mentioned, how much time do you actually spend in your hotel room? Plus, it was modern and super clean. The bathroom was actually big relative to the size of the room. And the bed was super comfy! It is a little difficult to find places for 2 suitcases, but we managed just fine. The room was actually quite cozy - in a good way. Although the hotel was fully booked while we were there, we did not hear any TV, voices, etc... coming from any of the rooms or hallway. Our rate included breakfast so we took advantage of that every morning. It was a buffet that offered everything imaginable from the traditional English breakfast to cereal, yogurt, and fruit. Although it was really good, I don't think we would have eaten here if it wasn't included in our rate. It cost 21 pounds a person! I think that is a bit excessive - even by London standards! Speaking of excessive...the charge for Internet access is crazy. I think it was 20 pounds for 24 hours. I travel quite a bit (albeit mostly in the US) and free wireless is pretty much becoming the standard. Anyway, there is a way around this. If you go to reception, they will give you a code for a free 15 minutes on the lobby computers. This was perfect for doing a quick search for a restaurant, checking in for our flight, and checking Facebook :-) Back to the location...it really is perfect. I had only been to London once before so I was not familiar with my surroundings besides what I knew from a map. I can say that most major tourist attractions are within walking distance. We even walked to the Tower of London, which I don't recommend. It's not that it was a bad walk, but it did take over an hour so you just need to plan your day accordingly. In addition to a lot of the tourist attractions, there are also a ton of places to eat within close walking distance. If you are looking for inexpensive, there is an EAT, Costa Coffee and Pret a Manger on almost every street. And, if you want something more upscale, there are plenty of options in Soho, Leicester Square, and Covent Garden. And, of course, tons of pubs if you are looking for some ale and Fish &amp; Chips. If you are looking for clothing shopping, I would recommend Oxford St. It has all the big (reasonably priced) fashionable stores like Next, H&amp;M, Topshop,etc... This is also where the big toy store &quot;Hamleys&quot; is located. If you want to go to the theater, I would recommend checking out the half-price ticket booth in Leicester Square. It's only a 5 minute walk from the hotel. I know a lot of this information is not directly related to the hotel. However, I think the &quot;stuff&quot; around the hotel is almost as important as the hotel itself. I would definitely stay here again and highly recommend it to others. I have a couple of very, very minor negatives. One, is the key. It is really cool, but my husband had it in his back pocket and must have sat on it weird. So, it stopped working and we got locked out of the room. This can easily be avoided. My other negative is the lack of exercise room. I work out 4 times a week and I was really missing my work-outs. However, I think I more than made up for it with all of the walking! Lastly, if you are travelling with children, I would book the next room level up. The Superior Room would be much too small for more than 2 people.As a side note, I would highly recommend a day trip to Windsor. It is lovely and the tour of the Castle is worh the money. There is a train from Waterloo to Windsor. It's about a 45 minute ride. I think it cost around 10 pounds.	
Jun 16 2009 	lovely hotel	Husband and I stayed three nights in a junior suite, visiting London for the first time in 18 years.My first impression of the room was a little disappointing, it looked smallish for a JS and a little cramped. I must say the room, and the hotel, grew on us. Though not as glamorous or luxurious as could be expected from a four star, the hotel proved to be a haven in an incredible hectic city which suffered from a tube strike, followed by tube repairs on half of the network. The hotel has two major things going for it: first the excellent location from where we could walk almost everywhere, and second the wonderful staff, which proved enthousiastic, professional, friendly and helpfull.The room had in fact everything that's important: a comfortable king bed, a clean bath, a good TV. We experienced some noise from the elevators, but we got used to it and it did not hinder our sleep. Nevertheless, next time we will ask for a room a little farther from the lifts. And a next time hopefully there will be, because we don't want to wait another 18 years to visit this wonderful city, and we would be happy to stay at the Cavendish again.	
Jun 15 2009 	Excellent.	Spent three nights at the Cavendish in between time in the Lake District and returning home to Canada. I've was traditionally a guest in Marylebone or Bloomsbury hotels until I decided to give this place a shot.This is an excellent hotel, superbly furnished and made up, with a first for me in London: A VIEW OVER THE CITY (in my case, back towards the old BT Tower). Wonderful bed, clean bathroom, great room service breakfasts. Location can't be beat, a noise eliminating distance from Piccadilly Circus and its Tube connections, and within easy walking distance of Soho, Knightsbridge, Green Park, Buckingham Palace - well, actually, a good chunk of the West End. Jermyn Street is home to a number of haberdashers and not far from the tailors of Savile Row. There's a Tesco's and cinema at the Circus end of the street and a good collection of pubs sprinkled in the St. James's streets below Piccadilly.	
Jun 10 2009 	What a jewel!	Great property in a great location! The rooms were a bit smaller than in U.S. hotels but the amenities made up for the size. The staff was extremely helpful and friendly. The food was very good and we really enjoyed the bar although the drinks are a bit pricey. I highly recommend this hotel and hopefully will be able to return!	
May 29 2009 	Stayed Second Time!	The hotel staff is very friendly. Rooms are excellent and for London relative big. The hotel is perfectly located at Jermyn Street which is close to Downtown. I highly recommend the hotel. We are going to stay there again if we go to London.	
May 24 2009 	Wonderful hotel at a wonderful location	The Cavendish was an excellent choice for our 8 night London vacation. The staff was always helpful and friendly. While the rooms are small by American standards ours was large enough for comfort. Our 10th floor room overlooked the rooftop bee hives at Fortum and Mason gourmet food store. The room and bath were very clean and were kept clean during our entire stay. Though not an issue for us, the tub was rather high sided so elderly or handicapped guests might have a problem getting in or out. We enjoyed the ground floor bar on several occasions when we did not feel like going out to a pub. The Cavendish is at an excellent location for London sightseeing. It is located midway between Green Park and Piccadilly stations on the underground. You can get there without changing underground lines direct from LHR. It is one block off of Piccadilly Street so it is quiet at night. The area is surrounded by good restaurants and is in easy walking distance of Leicester Square, theaters and the National Gallery. Our only issue with the Cavendish is the high cost of the breakfast buffet. While it is a lovely buffet, at 21BP ($35 plus service charge per person!!!) it is way overpriced. We quickly abandoned breakfast at the hotel for one of the numerous coffee shops in the area. Overall, if you avoid the buffet this is an outstanding hotel in a great location.	
May 13 2009 	Fantastic!	We stayed one night at the Cavendish rather than shlep back to Reading after going to the theatre. All I can say is… wow! OK. maybe I'm not used to staying somewhere above a Holiday Express but this place was great. Terrific concierge (can't remember his name - he was an Aussie or Kiwi - those guys know about service) and friendly, attentive staff. When we checked in we had our prebooked superior room upgraded to a deluxe due to &quot;room availability&quot; - a real treat. The room was gorgeous with its own little lounge area and beautifully fitted out bathroom. The translucent door didn't bother us but you couldn't see in anyway. There were bathrobes, slippers, BeeKind toiletries, a wallmounted CD system (you can borrow CDs from the hotel) and two huge flatscreen TVs. The bed has to be one of the most comfortable we've ever slept in - it was a struggle to get up the next morning! Can't fault the room at all.Always make a point not to touch the mini-bar but ordered a sandwich from room service which was very nice. One tiny quibble - the top slice of bread was slightly dry as if it had been waiting under a heat lamp but that's being very picky. The inclusive breakfast was superb - if you couldn't find something you didn't like from the vast hot and cold buffet then you would be a very picky eater indeed! Some may like the hot food a little hotter but again that's being very picky.I would recommend this hotel to anyone - we'd definitely stay there again for a special occasion.	
May 13 2009 	Perfect!	I took my girlfriend away to London for a romantic weekend and chose the Cavendish after hearing good things from a friend and we were not disappointed. Its smack in the middle of the west end, (got to see the musical chicago and then stroll back to hotel for after show drinks), The staff could not have done more for us, I rang a week ahead and the concierge booked theatre tickets for me which were ready when i checked in. We ate in the restaurant on the night of our arrival and it was exactly what we wanted, the food was out of this world but at reasonable price, the waiters were attentive but not pushy. Our room was large and comfortable, spotlessly clean and decorated with a nice subdued elegance. Next time I visit London I will make sure I stay at the Cavendish. It has a great location, superb rooms and friendly staff. I absolutely recommend.	
Apr 28 2009 	Fantastic hotel staff and location	My wife and I have just returned from a weekend stay at the Cavendish. We were in London as I was running in the London Marathon on the Sunday and needed a comfortable stay for the weekend. I really couldn’t have chosen better! Were do I start? Well the location is superb, just around the corner from Green Park Underground, across the road is Fortnum’s and the Royal Academy of Arts. Piccadilly Circus is 5 minutes walk and Trafalgar Square another 5. The Ritz Hotel, perfect for afternoon tea, (but book well in advance), is literally around the corner. Importantly for me was that the finish of the marathon is in St James Park which is right behind Green Park Underground Station, well within hobbling distance! The staff are very friendly, helpful and highly efficient. The breakfast is excellent, with just about the widest choice we have ever seen at a hotel. Our only gripe, and we are nit picking here, was the size of the room. It was a little on the small size but adequate and we did get an excellent deal so a little churlish to complain. In all, if you are looking for a really good hotel in the very centre of London at a more than reasonable price then look no further, highly recommended!	
Apr 27 2009 	FANTASTIC!!! PERFECT HOTEL! BOOK AND YOU WILL NOT BE DISSAPOINTED!	This hotel is beautiful!!!!! the location is perfect walking sitance from everywhere!!! Your near the shops,bars,theatre,park EVERYTHING you could ever want!!!We booked the Executive room and was perfect! The view across london was amazing with two double windows across our room it was such a amazing sigh could see the west end,lodnon eye and the city!!!Really the hotel was so nice! Its not a massived hotel but its just the right size!It was my birthday and i got a lovly chcoalte cake when i arrived in my room! Was such a lovly touch! Our bed was massive i think i acuatally got lost in it at one point ha! The bathroom had a amazing shower and bath and the freebies in the bathroom area g reat touch!!!i have to say the staff at the candensih are the best in london.. extremly freindly, nothin was too much bother for them!! We went and had breakfast int he monring we got seated at a table straigtyh away and the buffettt was fantastic!!!! Hasbrowns mushrrooms was delciious!! yeo valley yoguhurt.. selection of cheeses i think i put on about 2 stone in weight that morning!I would defiently recommend this hotel,, and will be staying there everytime i go to london!!!	
Apr 19 2009 	Brillant A****************************	We stayed at the Cavendish hotel last year, had a great deal on the room so was really looking forward going. Once we got there our room was not ready so had to wait half an hour but the staff was so nice they upgraded our room which had the most amazing view.The room was bright,warm and so clean, the breakfast was top class so much selection and it was in with the price of the room.The location was exactly where we expected only 10 mins walk from new bond st and oxford st and Picadily circus was just 10 mins away too so we didnt even use the underground as everything was in walikng distance.We are returning again in september this year and as a returning customer had a great deal so would highly recomend this hotel.	
Apr 8 2009 	We stay here everytime we are in London	Rooms are small but probably standard for London. Despite snug quarters, very nicely appointed (modern decor), pleasant bathroom, spotlessly clean, well maintained and up to date hotel. Located right across from Fortnum and Mason, in a very convenient location for tourism and shopping. Fair pricing for this expensive city, also offers a &quot;weekend special&quot; including breakfast if you are willing to pay in advance as it is non-changable non-refundable. We booked this arrangement, and loved our excellent breakfast in the room which arrived right on time, although slightly less hot than it could have been.Only complaint is that the duvet on the bed is so thick that it was very hot under the covers despite setting a cold temp on the thermostat. Had an uneven sleep as a result.Nice lounge on second floor, busy lobby bar at cocktail hour.	
Apr 5 2009 	What an absolute gem!	Stayed here for one night for a theatre break. Fantastic location. Superb standards of service and cleanliness.It was my husband's birthday, and they even provided us with a complimentary chocolate birthday cake.I would recommend this hotel time and time again for anyone wanting to be central and in a very good standard of accommodation.Brilliant hotel!!	
Apr 2 2009 	Back again	We stayed here exactly a year ago to the day. We like to try to stay at different places, but in the end we decided why change when we enjoyed it so much last time. This time we took our 6 year old along. Booked an executive room for 3 and we didn't pay for an extra bed as the bed is so big that it was OK for 3 (room 812). To our surprise and gratitude we got a room with a sofa bed already made up for our son along with colouring books and crayons and dressing gown. This was very thoughtful touch.Bed was extremely comfortable, clean and spacious bathroom and good coffee and tea making facilities. I love the small extras: bottle water by the bedside, magazines in room.Staff and facilities were still just as good as ever: one of the staff at breakfast recognised us from last year. We ended up booking the room with breakfast option but from my last review we didn't think much of breakfast but it was cheaper to book this option than to go for room only! However, we did decide one day to skip breakfast and go to Fortnum and Mason's for breakfast. The full on option was 19 GBP and the hotel charge 21 GBP. The quality of food in Fortnum and Mason's was well above the Cavendish although service wasn't. Fully recommend trying the breakfast there especially the pancakes, bacon and sausages.Only downside was the noise insulation could be better. We only discovered this on Sunday morning when we got woken up by next door talking, TV swiched on and talking on the phone. It wasn't as if they were noisy but it felt like there was no wall there but just a partition.However still fully recommend this hotel and we are thinking of making this an annual visit.	
Apr 1 2009 	A wonderful hotel for a theatre week	The Cavendish London81 Jermyn Street, London, England, United KingdomThe Cavendish London at 81 Jermyn Street is an ideal hotel to stay in. The location is on a quiet street, parallel to Piccadilly, right behind the famous Fortnum Mason upscale department store; yet it is within walking distance of most theatres. It is immaculate; the personnel are professional, welcoming, gracious; the service is impeccable. The buffet breakfast of hot and cold choices is amazing. I booked a superior twin bedroom which was well furnished and comfortable, perhaps a little small for 2 people. Although the bathroom is large enough, it lacks ample shelf space for toiletries, especially for 2 people, but perhaps this will be corrected. If you have your own laptop, connection is free in the lobby and in the lounge. If not, they will give you 15 minutes complimentary time on one of 2 computers in the lobby.I would like to add that for a reasonable and comfortable transfer from/to Heathrow directly to/from your hotel, I highly recommend a company called dot2dot Their website: dot2.com	
Mar 28 2009 	Great location and very good service	Myself and 3 friends stayed here on 21st March for 1 night and we were all impressed with the room and service. Eventhough we arrived at the hotel b4 check in @ 2pm the concierge very kindly held our luggage for us so we went to do some shopping!! We stayed on the 12th floor and the view was amazing!!! The room was very clean &amp; tidy and the tea trolley was stocked up with a variety of teas and coffee plus shortbread biccies!! We enjoyed our night out in London and were ready for a full cooked breakfast in the morning which was self service and very tasty. As an agent for a holiday company I had received a discount but would of paid full price for the location, breakfast and view from our room. Would stay there again!!!	
Mar 27 2009 	Fab location excellent service	We just returned from spending 4 nights at The Cavendish and had a great time. The staff was fantastic, very helpful and very friendly. The location is brilliant, hard to beat. We chose to upgrade our room upon arrival. The room was a good size and very comfortable. We would definitely stay at The Cavenish again.	
Mar 26 2009 	Superb Location	We stayed at The Cavendish in November 2008, and consider staying there every time we go back to London. The Cavendish, very centrally located within walking distance to Picadilly Circus was a very comfortable, very clean, modern hotel with excellent service and rooms and good food. And of course it was real value for money.	
Mar 25 2009 	Would stay again.	We have stayed at many hotels from Ritz's to family &quot;travel&quot; soccer hotels, so we did a lot of research before booking this hotel. We were surprised it was not mentioned in a lot of the major guidebooks, but liked the location and price. Booked two rooms for myself and daughters. It was a great place to stay. Rooms European (small) size, but a well thought out contemporary with flat screen tv. The beds were extremely comfortable and rooms spotlessly clean. Location was fantastic. Thanks to all housekeeping, as well as Mariko, Nick, Carl, Kaesar, Breakfast servers, and Elliot.	
Mar 23 2009 	Fantastic! What a great hotel!	I was VERY impressed by this hotel. Not only were we greeted at the door, our bags taken off us, checked in immediately and given a complimentary upgrade! We were also offered dinner and had a table booked straight away. The rooms were gorgeous, really stylish, with CD players (great for if you are going to a concert or musical!) flat screen TV's, lovely tea and coffee, fabulous showers and The White Company toiletries, beds were extremely comfortable and duvets soft! I just cant fault the location and value for money - I really think this hotel is a cut above! I will stay here every time I am in London now, no more lottery in terms of hotel choice - this is the one!!!	
Mar 20 2009 	Excellent Service	We would most definitely stay at the Cavendish again. We had a great rate, and you can’t beat the location as it is within walking distance of so many popular sites. It is also a short walk from two tube stations and many busses on Piccadilly. A small Tesco grocery is 3 short blocks away. We asked in advance for early check in and were checked in promptly when we arrived at 11 AM. Our room (914) had a great view, was spotlessly clean, and easy to keep cool. The comfortable bed had a sheet-enclosed duvet and four bed pillows. The TV had great reception, with lots of channels. The bathroom was equipped with a heated towel rack and plenty of towels and soaps/conditioner. We never heard noise from any other room. Occasionally, we would hear someone roll luggage down the hall, but that was rare and during the day—not at night. Our room was just a short ways down from the elevator, but we never heard them. The concierge desk was always staffed with at least one person, and often two, and these staff members were so friendly and always seemed eager to get the information we needed. I even asked one to print out a coupon for me, and he never hesitated, even though the form required him to fill out some information for me. He did not make me feel like I was bothering him, but instead, he acted like this was an important thing he was doing for me. The reception staff also was helpful, and we had no problems with our bill.Luis set the high standard for graciousness and hospitality in the breakfast room. His smiling face and warm welcome greeted us each morning, making us feel as though we were his special guests. We were early risers, and Luis always found a table for us next to a window, instead of seating us in the middle of the room, even though we never asked for one of those special tables, and breakfast was included in our rate. Every server we had during each of the four mornings we visited the breakfast room smiled, made good eye contact with each of us, gave us their full attention, and immediately took care of any special requests we had, even if it was just for more sweetener or an extra tea bag. The wonderful breakfast included a buffet filled with luscious fresh fruit (I never saw any canned fruit), an appealing variety of breads and rolls, yogurt, smoked fish, sliced ham, salami, and cheeses. (One of the mornings, they also had a hot buffet.) At the table, one could also order a full English breakfast, or choose from a variety of breakfasts, which included meats, eggs, and usually hashbrown potatoes. I asked for the bacon to be cooked a certain way and was always accommodated. My husband had eggs prepared in different ways during our stay, and he was thrilled with how perfectly they were cooked and their flavor. We never felt rushed to finish our meal and vacate our table. Our servers removed the used dishes as we finished with them and asked if they could bring us anything else. Always when we finished breakfast and were leaving, every staff member we passed in the breakfast room noticed our departure, smiled, thanked us, and told us to enjoy our day. Luis also said goodbye each morning and often addressed us by name. We could not ask for better or friendlier service.	
Mar 17 2009 	Tiny room great location	I stayed at the hotel while I was house-hunting in the area. The location was fantastic and the room was in good condition, very clean although it was tiny (802 ) - i couldn't even fit my suitcase in the wardrobe. The concierge staff were brilliant. I did try and stay an extra night except when I went to reception to do this I was told that because I had booked the first four nights online I had to book online and there was no way I could just book and pay for it there and then. So I went online and found a better deal elsewhere. I had booked through hotels.com who stated there was a gym in the hotel - which there isn't. The fire alarm went off twice while I was there and after walking down 8 flights of stairs I was told it was only a drill.	
Mar 16 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location and Price	Originally over on business so made a weekend of it with my husband. Could not have chosen a better hotel and would most certainly stay there again. Standard rooms are a little on the small side but as you don't spend too much time in them it doesn't matter. Ask for a room on a high floor as the view is great - London Eye, St Paul's etc. It a 2 min walk from Piccadilly Circus and 10 from Covent Garden. Plus walking distance to Regent Street and Oxford Street.Great breakfast to set you up for all the sightseeing/shopping etc. Highly recommend this hotel.	
Mar 15 2009 	Location Location Location	This is the second time I have stayed at this hotel and reason being it is right in the middle of London. Close to Mayfair, St James, Regent Street etc etc etc. The rooms are pretty small but have everything you need and are very clean and comfortable. I would recommend this hotel to anyone staying in London who wants a central base. We paid extra for breakfast and enjoyed what we had and felt at £10 each we probably could not have got much better elsewhere.	
Mar 7 2009 	Superb Hotel	We had booked The Cavendish on recommendations of our friends and we definitely were not disapointed ! We were given a friendly and professional check in , luckily on reading other reviews we chose to upgrade myself to a Superior room which had amazing views to London Eye and Big Ben and the location was perfect- in central London . Room was spotless and dinner service was great. The only small quibble we had was that the bathroom door is semi transparent - can be a little embarrasing for some people. Over all a great hotel . we will definitely choose it for our next stay	
Feb 27 2009 	Excellent hotel great location spectacular views	We stayed here for a honeymoon in August, and after calling ahead to tell them we were honeymooning and we given a room on the top floor, in the far corner, away from everyone but the persons using the penthouse. The views across London from the windows were fantastic. The quality of the room was superb, warm, clean and very stylish. Location-wise, you are no more than 2 minutes walk from a major tube station and Piccadilly Circus. Almost all major landmarks are within easy walking distance. The breakfast was lovely too.The only strange thing with our room was the see-through door to the toilet... it was kind of weird sitting on the loo with your new wife being able to watch... not that she did!	
Feb 18 2009 	Great  quiet location but rooms very small	Stayed 1 night on business. Location really good and Jermyn Street itself is very quiet for such a centrally located address. Reception and public rooms are also quiet. Bedrooms have been tastefully refurbished very recently but a very small. Fine for 1 or 2 nights but not to appealing for any stay longer than that.I booked through Laterooms.com and got good rate a few weeks in advance but the price rose fairly quickly as it got nearer the arrival date.Would definately return but as said earlier not for a lenghty stay.	
Feb 17 2009 	Convenient and clean but not cheap	My wife and I stayed here for 2 nights over valentine's to enjoy the week end a westend show. We got a good deal through an internet site (£420 for 2 nights including breakfast and 2 very good tickets for Mama Mia on the valentine's evening).The location is just fantastic. Less the 8 min walk from piccadilly station (about 10 min from green park station), easily walkable distance to many West End show in the area. It's also a street away from the main street providing a some protection from the busy london city. It is also next to Fortnum and Mason if you are a bit of foodie with money to brun (we only managed to buy a tin of earl grey there!). There are plenty of restaurants and cafes which is nice too.The reception was clean but not to my taste - use of purplish pink and neon like lighting screams cheap to me but I suppose this is matter of opinion. Checking in and out was quick and hussle free, and professionally done. 3 elevators were more then adequate for the hotel and we never had to que for this. We only used concerge service to hold our bags (which they did without any problem) so we cant comment.The room itself is ok - we opted for superior room which was clean with comfortable bed and well decorated room (well almost. I've noticed a couple of wall papers were peeling a little). It also had a good LCD tv with good picture. I'll have to say the room was a bit small - just about enough for all the furniture in there and I know London hotels are notorious for there room size but at this price I would have expected a ittle better. The mini bar was so expensive I was tempted to put the whole thing in the room's safe. Word of warning: dont do what I did and remove the content from the fridge (no i didn't put it in the safe, just put my own drink from outside to chill it) as it is connected to the sensor which automatically adds the content to your bill. Thankfully the hotel accepted my explanation and deducted the bill (well for now). Sound proofing was ok - we didn't hear the neighbours in our room but could hear their tv when walking in the corridoor.The bathroom on the other hand was ridiculously huge compared to the room. Its a fake mable slate affaire with fashinoable stand out sink which worked well. Together with excellent freebie showergel/shampoo and heated towel railing it was a nice bathrrom. The shower's power was a bit weak though.The breakfast was very disappointing. Food was average at best and selection limited. I had far far better breakfast in Portugal or Lake district. Service was disappoing too. Although the do cooked breakfast as part of the buffet (e.g. poached egg) at request they hid this service from us, and many other guests. The waiteress there also seemed to have their favourite customers and often proceeded to ignore the other guests. We were also asked to &quot;sign this&quot; (a bill with £21 written on it) without explanation of what it was, and despite breakfast being included in our stay! When I explained our deal the waiter gave no apology and his manager, standing couple of feet away, also decided to ignore this. Suffice to say we did not eat at their restaurant (although they boasts AA 2 rossets).Will we return? Yes, we'd love to if we can afford it. But bear in mind you pay for location, location and location!	
Jan 16 2009 	very nice place	I like the Cavendish, it is a very well kept, friendly hotel in an excellent location with good value. Rooms are very nice and reasonably sized, very clean. Service is excellent. The lounge area in the first floor is a very nice place to chat with friends.I can recommend it. The only minor complaint is, that you have to pay for Internet in your room.	
Jan 4 2009 	good location	My husband and I stayed on a pre Xmas shopping and theatre break. We wanted a good location for both and this hotel is great for both. We stayed in room 1013 which wasn't noisy and although quite compact was clean although I thought they weren't very generous with the complimentory toiletries etc given that we were there for 5 nights!I agree with some of the other comments about rates - we booked online at their special online rate for advanced booking - thinking we were getting a good rate - but when we arrived they'd just charged us the full usual rate for bed &amp; breakfast! Our fault really for not checking.There were queues for breakfast at weekendwhich they warn you about but given the size of the hotel I thought they'd have sorted that issue out somehow. The service on weekdays was poor, but fine at the weekend.	
Jan 3 2009 	Great Location Friiendly and Professional Staff	Stayed on the 9th floor for 4 nights. Very good location and the bed was comfortable. Nice view of London if you prefer to spend time looking out the window. As far as hotel rooms in London, it would probably rank higher than the trip advisor # 45 rating. The bathroom was adequate with a nice enough tub. The mini bar tended to lean towards booze with a couple of pringle tins and some wasabi nuts on offer. If the carpet in the room had been replaced (it was decidely scruffy and needed to go) I would have ranked the hotel higher but I tend to fixate on such thing as well as the strange photo/artwork on the walls (why is there a picture of a woman in a cocktail dress and hat from the 30s hanging there and a man jumping across a puddle?....is this supposed to be 'contemporary English/British?' I found it odd and almost creepy.) The staff was excellent, well trained and professional. It is true that you can hear people talking in other rooms but this isn't so suprising for a European/British hotel considering the constraints on space. I would stay there again....	
Dec 29 2008 	Great base for theatre and shopping	We stayed in this hotel for one night on a trip to London to celebrate my husband's birthday. Intended to see Les Mis and shop. We were very impressed with the quality of accomodation and friendly professionalism of the hotel. As a central London base it was ideal. Close to theatres and shops but far enough away to encourage a walk and to provide an escape from the throngs of shoppers and tourists.We stayed in Room 1503, right at the top, and it was huge and gorgeous but right above the lifts which disturbed me but not my heavier sleeper husband. This was a little disappointing as we ha gone for a top of the range room.The lifts were also a bit of a problem, only 3 and one of these was not working. This led to long waits when going up to our room and we chose to walk down.Breakfast was good with service going on until 12pm which was ideal for our sense of relaxation away from the kids, but no Sunday papers available which suprised me.	
Dec 21 2008 	Not the usual square box	I've stayed in three different rooms at the Cavendish this year, each has been different in size and shape. Due to the layout of the hotel, the rooms are not uniform, I found the best room was the corner room which was probably the quietest. Avoid the rooms next to the lift shafts, the lifts were very noisy from around 4:00am, caused by the departure of airline flight crews. I did complain about this, and I was moved room and offered a complimentary breakfast for two.I like The Cavendish because it offers quality accomodation at a reasonable price, in a fantastic location. There are deals to be had, check the American discount sites, Travelzoo, Hotwire etc. It is my theory that some European hotels only offer deals on the American sites in the hope that any booking will be for more than one or two nights, and better revenue for the hotel.There is no loyalty scheme in place, but once registered as a guest, you are the first to here of future offers - which can be very good. If you book 'room only' try Fortnum &amp; Mason's Fountain restaurant for breakfast, opposite the hotel. A real treat.	
Dec 16 2008 	Great Hotel Even Better Location!!!	Having decided to bring my wife to London, to see 'Dirty Dancing' (her favourite film) for her birthday, the race was on to find a decent hotel, with a reasonable price and a great location. The Cavendish London fitted the bill perfectly.We stayed in this hotel from Saturday Dec. 13 - 14.Arrived in Heathrow airport, collected luggage and headed straight for the Underground. Bought 2 tickets (single tickets to Green Park £8), down the escalators and onto the tube. So easy! The tube did get busy the more we got into the city, however, people we friendly. After approximately 40 minutes we got off at Green Park, per the advice from the TA forum - thanks guys. Altough, the hotel is about a 5 minute walk (in the lashing rain!) from the tube, I would probably get off at Picadilly the next time. We arrived at the hotel, which is located on the very quiet Jermyn St, to be greeted with a smile at reception. The receiption staff are very friendly and efficient. We were given the option of having a room on a higher or lower floor. We choose a high floor for the views - room 1108. I booked a standard room as we were only staying for one night (due to having no annual leave left!). The rooms are small - average sized for London - and very stylish. Nice comfy bed, flat screen TV, CD player, nice bathroom, etc. As this was our first time staying in London, the location aspect was important as I didn't want us wasting limited time on public transport. We definitely weren't disappointed with the Location of this hotel. The hotel is basically a very short walking distance to the likes of Picadilly, Leicester Sq, Regent St, Oxford St., Bond st, etc. And prices in London are notably cheaper than Dublin.This is a great hotel and I would highly recommend it for a city break in London. We will definitely be back.	
Dec 5 2008 	Doubt we would go back	Stayed at the hotel many times, very central and a perfect position for the shops. However the last time we stayed we woke in up the night to find silverfish (insects) running around the bathroom floor. Reported it to reception who didnt pass the complaint on. Waited 3 weeks for a response so rang and spoke to a manager who said theres nothing they can do and the insects are not harmful, which seems far from the point. Harmful or not, it would seem unacceptable to stay in a 4 star hotel and find insects running around the bathroom. We were told silverfish live in everybathroom . . . not that Ive ever seen!! Would think twice before returning.	
Dec 3 2008 	My favorite London hotel....	I just completed two seperate stays at this hotel, at the beginning and end of a trip to Ireland in November. This hotel has a lovely, safe location close to the parks, palace, Traf. Sq., Bond street and Picadilly. Hotel is not too small to lack amenitites but not to big to have to wait for everything (like room service, check-in/out, elevators, bellman, etc.) Rooms are small (most in London are ) but nicely furnished with great bathrooms and the most comfortable beds and bedding. Housekeeping standards are very high. Room service food way above average and FAST, however I wish the menu selection was larger. Check in staff wonderful...arranged early check in for us on both stays! Concierge staff is mixed, some being wonderful and some being rather distant and haughty. No doubt about it..... London is a big, expensive city and I often feel after reading many hotel reviews that people are often not very realistic about what to expect. I feel my money is well spent at this hotel as the service and quality remains consistent and the location is great!	
Dec 1 2008 	Lovely Hotel not sure if I'd return	Been to London a few times and have stayed in a few hotels around the Marylebone and mayfair areas before so this was somewhere different.This hotel is lovely, the entrance and reception area is clean, tidy and modern although quite a number of people commented on the smell of fish when walking in the side door of the hotel uuhhh. The rooms were really nice but the major downfall is the paper thin walls. I have been to many hotels around the world but this was terrible on both nights we had to ring reception and give the wall a battering due to next door. There was prob about 4 people in the room chatting and laughing til all hours not doing any real harm but the first night we had been up that morning since 5.00am and had done a bit of shopping really not in the form for listening to s**t talk next door. The following night we came back to hotel round 12.00ish as we had an early start the next morning and the same again. The reception did make the calls requesting they be quiet which they did respond - we could even hear their phone ringing and them talking. Breakfast is great , on at the weekend until 12.00 and have no complaints about it. The bar is quite dead. This hotel really is in walking distance to everywhere picadilly, leicester sq, bond street, oxford st, buckingham palace but very few places to eat near by and quite a 'gentleman' shopping district. All in all grand but the area wasn't my favourite.	
Nov 19 2008 	perfect location	Had a really good experience at the cavendish, the best thing was that, after a day out and about sight seeing, it was within easy walking distance for the bars and restaurants in the evening,  We did upgrade our room to superior, which after reading reviews about the classic rooms being on the small side, we were glad to do, it did cost us an extra £20 per night, but we thought that that was reasonable enough. Room was very clean and comfortable. We felt that the lobby bar drinks were expensive but then i suppose thats just the norm, especially in London.The only problem we did have was with breakfast, we thought that they had forgotten about us at one point, then when we did get our food, it was'nt quite what we ordered.Would recommend it to anyone, and cannot wait to visit again!	
Nov 5 2008 	We enjoyed the Cavendish	My wife and I stayed at the Cavendish Hotel last weekend and we very impressed with the whole experience. The staff were helpful, we were able to check in at around 11.00am. The room was small but first class. Being on the nineth floor, we had a good view from our window. The breakfast was superb! There was an excellent choice from the buffet and all was well cooked.We would recommend the Cavendish to anyone, it's close proximity to the West End was an added bonus.Well done Cavendish, we will see you again!Mr.&amp; Mrs. Hanson.Halifax , West Yorkshire.	
Oct 28 2008 	greekblackdog	I booked the cavendish after reading about it on the internet and got a reasonable deal on the room staying from Friday to monday morning. Yes, our bedroom on the 7th floor was small but it was clean with clean towels every day plus complimentary papers and tea/coffee making facilities. The downside was the prices in the lobby bar for drinks and the service in the restaurant of a morning, one example trying to get fried eggs to have with your breakfast was a nightmare you could guarantee you would have finished before they arrived, on our last morning there were no mushrooms or black puddings as they had not had a delivery?. The night we were going to the Concert at the Royal Albert Hall we decided to have a meal in the restaurant. The room was cold and when I asked the Manager he said he would turn the heating up but as we were by a drafty window it proably wouldnt help but we did overlook fortnam and mason, he didnt offer to move us even though there as plenty of space.One of the best meals outside we had was at Brumas opposite Her Majestys Theatre on Haymarket also Prezzos again on Haymarket. The girls servicing there were brilliant nothing was too much trouble and it was the same price for 2 courses as in the Hotel at £14.95 for 2 courses or £19.95 for 3 courses.	
Oct 26 2008 	Had a lovely weekend at this hotel	I have just come back from a weekend theatre break booked through superbreak. We had a number of hotels to choose from but decided on this one because it was a central location. The hotel is located in the middle of picadilly circus and green park tube station. To the left of the hotel is theRitz hotel and Buckingham Palace and to the right is Regent Street and Soho. It is in walkable distance to the Apollo Shaftsbury (we did get a taxi though). However, it is ideally out of the way of all the hustle and bustle). We stayed on the 14th floor in a superior twin room. The room was clean, fresh and modern. The beds were comfortable and it had a large flat screen tv. The breakfast in the hotel was superb - fruit, cereal and cooked breakfast (however we did have to wait around 15 mins to be seated - it was very busy. Over the weekend breakfast is served until 12, so you enjoy a nice lie in. Room service was available for food. The food was very nice, however it was expensive and 9 pound for a glass of wine - but worth a treat. Overall we enjoyed staying at this hotel and would stay again.	
Sep 29 2008 	Decent hotel good location but just short of 4*	The Cavendish London served as a great base and a decent home away from home for a girlie shopping weekend (27-29 Sep). The overall experience was pleasant but fell short of my expectations of a 4* London hotel.We arrived before 10am on Saturday and were able to check in straight away into a Superior Twin on the 14th floor. The room was nicely decorated as seen in photos, of a decent size and came with everything the hotel website specified. Bathroom was compact but fresh and modern. Minor complaints about Housekeeping - mugs were dirty when we checked in, hairs and carpet fibres found on bed after 1st night.We had minimal dealings with the staff but found them pleasant. Checking in and out was smooth and professional, there were no surprises on our final bill. Buffet breakfast was served on Sunday, we were seated straight away in the airy and bright breakfast room and had a lovely selection to choose from. This morning's service (Monday) was made to order and I must say service was a bit slow considering there weren't many tables. We had room service one night - ordering was fast and easy, the food arrived on time and was piping hot and of decent portions.As mentioned in other reviews, the hotel is 5 minutes walk to Picadilly Circus tube station. If you take the Picadilly South Side exit, as you climb the stairs to exit there's a Tesco Express directly behind you and the hotel is on that same street. Jermyn Street is filled with quality shops for men and women's workwear, there's foot traffic at all times so we felt safe.For a London hotel, I think we got what we paid for (Winter Break weekend rate incl VAT &amp; breakfast £154/night from hotel's own website) considering the hotel's location and decor. Like several other reivews, I feel there's much room for improvement in terms of the staff/service. I will stay here again but not for a higher price.	
Sep 29 2008 	Ideal Location but Tiny Room	We used to live in London, so when we came back for a visit we wanted a hotel that was centrally located, close to good tube and bus connections and on a quiet street. The Cavendish delivered on all three.Our only complaint is that our standard room (#713) was the smallest we've ever stayed in. However, it was clean and modern, quite functional (except somebody tell me where we were supposed to stow our suitcases). The bathroom, though small, had a shower big enough for two.The hotel is on a quiet street, across from the back door of the posh Fortnum &amp; Mason fancy food shop. The neighborhood drips with 17th century charm. The closest tube stop -- at Green Park -- offers multiple connections to almost everywhere, plus there are many buses on nearby Picadilly and Regent Streets.There are also ways to keep a lid on the &quot;extras&quot; to the room rate. The hotel hands out free 15-minute vouchers to use the 2 computers/printers in the lobby. Skip the pricey breakfast in the lounge and buy a healthy breakfast for under 5 pounds at E.A.T. or Pret a Manger on nearby Regent Street. All in all, a pretty good value.	
Sep 27 2008 	Lovely hotel handy location!	I stayed here in August for a friends Hen Weekend. The staff were helpful and friendly. The rooms we had were a decent size - though not huge. Ask for a room on the higher floors as the views around London are better.We had breakfast at the hotel, which was very nice, with lots to choose from. We also used the hotel bar, which was nice as well. We didn't eat in the restaurant in the evening.The hotel is not far from Old Bond Street / Regent Street and about 15 mins from the theatres. Its really near 'The Ritz' and the 'The Dorchester' should you fancy treating yourself to some Afternoon Tea'!Would definitely stay here again!	
Sep 27 2008 	Not worth the money	I got a special offer on my room here &amp; therefore other rooms may be better. It was all fine &amp; the staff were perfectly nice...but just not worth the high rating it has on here, or the money you may spend.	
Sep 21 2008 	Very comfortable bed in great location	Great experience all 'round. The bed was luxurious with high thread count cotton and plenty of down. Friendly and efficient staff and a great location. I am going back.	
Sep 18 2008	The staff are dreadful... Don't stay there!!!	After recently staying at the hotel, I was appalled by the level of service. Particularly as this hotel had been recommended to me by friends who had previously stayed at the hotel. On complaining to the manager he seemed to be disintereseted in anything I had to say.A few points they need to rectify are, there was no hot water, the windows were dirty, there were no bathrobes, the bar staff are appallingly rude? With every service you should only pay for the level of service you are provided with and are happy with. In this instance I would not expect to pay for a room without hot water? Although the hotel had charged my card at 2am in the morning before I had checked out?? No discount or refund was offered to me, even after I discussed this with the duty manager.I had very bad service in the bar area as well as at the check in desk.... I would say this hotel looks nice as you enter the reception but my room was nothing to write home about either. If the manager would like to take the time to consider what its paying customers are saying to him about the level of service people might be inclined to return. I can't see the point in making a complaint if this complaint is going to fall on deaf ears??? I suppose this is why we have trip advisor to warn others of the &quot;Kiaran&quot;, the managers total lack of customer service...... As he igorned my calls and ignored my complaints, all in all I would never stay at this hotel again very disappointing on all levels.	
Sep 15 2008	Total Nightmare. The Staff are Appalling	Stayed recently for my birthday. Stayed previously when it was part of the De Vere Group a while ago &amp; had a really pleaseant time. However now, the staff clearly think they are massive time which is puzzling as while admittedly the location of the hotel is good, the interior (aside from reception) wouldn't look out of out place in a Travel Lodge. This time the staff were rude but the Manager Kiaran is APPALLING. A barman was amazingly rude to one of our friends who had joined us in the hotel for a drink , we also had no hot water, no iron and were locked out of our room at 2.20am. After raising this on check out I wrote to the Hotel Manager as well as the person we dealt with on reception couldn't care less. Kiaran (The Manager) was probably the rudest person I have EVER SPOKEN TO. He in fact made me cry, told me not to call him as he didn't think I had anything to complain about (he wasn't there during my entire stay) and I wouldn't be getting anything free so leave him alone. I'm the Marketing Manager for a UK wide chain of Resturants, we welcome feedback good and bad from all our customers - not at The Cavendish. Please don't waste your money on this tin pot operation. They want your money but couldn't care less about the quality of your stay. Try Malmasion!!	
Sep 10 2008 	Great Place To Stay!!	We stayed 4 nights at the Cavendish Hotel in Mayfair on Sept. 2008 . This hotel is in a great area real close to piccadilly Cricus. The Staff were excellent and really whent out of there way to help you with anything you needed. Super nice beds and covers, Plasma TV, Stocked frig. ( Charged to your room if you take anything out). There is a holder inside the room that you put your key in to turn on the power to your room on , if you take the key out the power goes off.	
Sep 8 2008 	Good clean hotel in a prime location	We stayed at the Cavendish twice - once at the beginning of our trip and after returning from Paris. I chose the Cavendish based on reviews, price and location. What we paid included breakfast was about right - 138 pounds, but got a standard/classic room. They tried to upsell us to a larger room for 25 pounds, but did not take the bait. The room we received was TINY - the smallest hotel room I have had in any major city. My husband and I had difficulty arranging our small carry-on suitcases where we could both access them and walk around the bed to get to the bathroom. The second time we stayed there, our room was slightly larger, but not by much. The breakfasts were plentiful and definitely gave us energy to start our days. The hotel was clean and the location was close enough to the attractions/tube stop to be convenient, but far enough away to be quiet at night. The service was polite and all in all this was a nice hotel experience.	
Sep 7 2008	Great location....terrible staff	This hotel has a great location but the staff are pretty dreadful....Staff at breakfast were very slow at taking stuff off the table..However the variety of food available was great..The worst staff experience was when I asked the person on reception to book me a taxi for a specified time in the evening...she freaked out and couldn't do it...please ask concierge she begged...no concierge was availabe hence I had asked her...had to wait for the concierge to come back!! Stunning stuff..The hotel could be great..needs new staff though.	
Sep 3 2008 	Great London Hotel Experience	The Cavendish was as good as the many reviewers said it would be! The rooms were comfortable, with excellent air conditioning, and furnishings. Our &quot;Executive&quot; room had a wonderful shower, and a view across severel rooftops to the London Eye &amp; Big Ben. Breakfast was top notch, both an excellent buffet, and the opportunity to order additional selections off the menu. The only minor complaint (very minor) is that when the dining room gets busy, service can be a bit slow, But with a very good buffet available you will not starve...You may just have to wait a few minutes for your coffee/tea!Staff was cheerful, and the Concierge, was helpful and friendly, they made it very easy to get tickets, and vouchers for plays, and tourist activities.I was originally thinking of staying in Leicester Square, or Covent Garden to be closer to the&quot;Action&quot; but I think that the guiet, yet central location of the Cavendish was a better choice. I also originally was looking for a hotel that was more traditionally British in style. Modern style has it charms too, especially when considered next to more expensive, and sometimes creaky old alternatives. The Cavendish was Perfect!	
Sep 3 2008 	Thank God I wasn't maying for it	On arrival I was immediately offered an upgrade! Fantastic I thought, but then came the crunch, it would cost me £25 per night. The receptionist was quite insistent that the standard room was small and pokey and that for a mere £25 I could upgrade to a superior room with views of Westminster! The look on my face must have been such that she knew wasn't onto some tourist sucker who would be impressed by a grey skyline. The offer was soon dropped to £20 per night for an upgrade. She must have been on a commission to sell upgrades. I explained to the receptionist that:a. I was not some dumb tourist who could be ripped offb. If my room was not up to standard I would be back down to ask for a better roomc. I could not care less about the Westminster views (I live in the Highlands of Scotland where the scenery is the best in the world and the views from my kitchen are stunning)Apart from my upselling experience the hotel us indeed very good. My client was paying for me to stay there and I understand that they get a good rate. I dined in the hotel and had the breaded plaice - superb! Followed by breast of chicken with potatoes and some vegetables - fantastic. It was just what I needed and the perfect balance for a late dinner. The staff were outstanding and attentive when required. The room was small but better than some of the hotels I have stayed in in London. Big TV, good air conditioning, fabulous bathroom and the bed was very comfortable. The location of the hotel is perfect, close to my client's offices, and lots of places to eat out and have a drink. Shops too, the famous Jermyn Street for shoes, clothes and especially shirts. One draw back no draught beer. But there are pubs close by that can cater for that.Overall an excellent place to stay in London.	
Aug 22 2008	Will definitely be back!	Really swanky hotel in an excellent location, The Cavendish is definitely one to go back to!Our superior twin room wasn't quite ready when we got there at 2pm so we were both offered a complementary drink at the bar and a tray of nibbles - room was ready within 40 mins. I thought this was areally nice touch. All staff were excellent and really professional. Breakfast was one of the best hotel breakfasts ive had, everything was piping hot and the selection was extensive. We also tried there pre theatre menu - only £14.99 for two courses, and I would definitely recommend it - we both had rib eye steak and it was the best we have ever tasted.Room was nice and lovely toiletries, and everything is so close to the hotel.It is very hard to find a single negative point about this hotel, but if I really had to, I'd say maybe the room was slightly smaller than I expected, but with so much to do in London, we were hardly in it!If your going to london, definitely stay here!!!!!	
Aug 20 2008 	Fantastic location and luxurious hotel	The hotel looks pretty unassuming from the outside, but it's all opulent luxury inside! The location is just a few minutes walk from Picadily Circus, is literally just behind Fortnum &amp; Mason, and a short walk from the restaurants of Berkely Square. Nearest tube is Green Park. The rooms are small, but they work well. Air conditioning cools the air, the bathroom is petite but the shower is huge. Fixtures and fittings were very modern, with an elegant wall-mounted flat screen TV. The bed was very comfortable, and I had a great night's sleep. One side of the hotel has amazing views over many London sights, especially from the 10th floor.Breakfast was really really good - not only was there a buffet, but you could request an omelette or eggs benedict or poached eggs to be cooked for you. Plenty of fruit to make muesli exciting too, and smoked salmon for the decedant!	
Aug 17 2008 	Location-location-location	Stayed here for 5 nights august 2008. The hotel is in a great location. Smack bang in the middle of everything, but still on a quiet backstreet. Everything was VERY clean and in good condition. Compared to other Londonhotels it is above averege. I would compare it with an above averege-Hilton hotel in the USA. The rooms are in standard-european size, Not too small, not too big. The ONLY downside is the sillyprized breakfast (42 dollar per person). We bought a sandwich and milk every evening in the grocery at the corner and keept it in the fridge overnight and eat that for breakfast instead, and that saved us 80 dollar every morning. We would definitly stay here again.Peter &amp; IngelaSweden	
Aug 16 2008 	Great Hotel in Great Location	Great hotel in a great location. Free apples at the front desk. Staff extremely helpful. Free internet. Climate control in room was perfect. All in all a great hotel.	
Aug 10 2008 	London Calling.	We stayed 11 Nights at the Cavendish and it was great. We upgraded to an executive room which had a great separate shower and bath. Located on the 10th floor, we had great views of London including the London eye and Big Ben. The rooms are very clean and spacious, very modern facilities and everything in good working order. The turn down service was pretty cool, each night receiving a bottle of lavender spray to spray on your pillow to aid in a restful night sleep!. The hotel is central and pretty much every major tourist attraction is within walking distance.. Those that are not are always easily accessible by the 2 close tube stations (Green Park and Piccadilly Circus). If you are in London for a show, the hotel is about a 5 minute walk to the west end. Several nights we had diner at the restaurant and they were the best meals we had in London. The pre-theater dinner menu is quite a good deal, being considerably cheaper than the 'main dinner' menu though receiving the same portions. The staff were very friendly and always keen to help you with anything you may need. &lt;begin rant&gt; My only complaint with the hotel (and this is a personal gripe I can not stand) is the use of those stupid fridges that charge you the moment anything is removed from it. I find these fridges rude by stopping you from putting your own items in. I know they are in the business of making money and want you to buy the overpriced drinks but If I cannot even keep my own water cold then I am annoyed &lt;end rant&gt;	
Aug 2 2008 	Clever choice	Just returned back from a week's stay at the Cavendish. A clever choice for London.1. Location: Perfect, everywhere walkable:) Right across Fortnum and Mason's, Piccadilly: 5 mins, Buckingham: 15-20 mins through the lovely Green Park, theatres: most within 15 mins walking distance. On a quiet street and as safe as it gets.2. Hotel itself: Clean, comfortable and well-run. Booked from the hotel site and got a queen superior (the standard rooms are a bit too small but would probably be acceptable acc. to London standards). Reasonably sized room, comfortable bed and pillows, shower pressure ok, bathroom clean and in good condition, cd player present but not i-pod, daikin airconditioner working properly, ironing board, wireless... Civilized breakfast, until noon on weekends and till 10.30 on weekdays. Nothing to complain about, really. Before going, I had sent an e-mail and asked for a room on the higher floor if possible; got one on the 11th with a view of the London Eye, beautiful. No sports facilities, though.If you, like me,-Are tired of tired-looking commercial chain hotels like the Hiltons and Sheratons;-Would rather not stay at the top luxurious ones like the Ritz and Mandarin Oriental unless it's a very special occasion;-Would rather not have to deal with the budget-accommodation related problems during vacations;-Would choose clean and contemporary over musty-smelly-flowery-dainty; and appreciate technology:This hotel would definitely do.	
Aug 1 2008 	Will be back soon!	Just had to write a review about this fantastic hotel. We recently went there for a family summer break and the enjoyment was mostly down to the excellent hotel and the wonderful service we recieved. All members of staff were totally helpful and polite and nothing was too much trouble . The rooms were really nice and clean and we were upgraded to the executive room which had a massive double shower, robes , slippers etc. The location is second to none and most major attractions are within walking distance. We will all be returning there very soon. I stayed at a top 5star hotel in london last year and is is very difficult to pinpoint the difference between hotels , apart from the price , of course!Try and get a deal which includes breakfast , we didn't eat until 6p.m after the full english!	
Jul 28 2008 	Perfect Location	Had a great stay at The Cavendish this weekend and felt compelled to write a review.Having booked tickets for &quot;Spamalot&quot; in the West End we were looking for a well priced hotel within walking distance and The Cavendish was perfect. I don't think there is a hotel in a better location for the price, we paid £99 for a superior room excluding any breakfast.During the weekend we didn't use taxis or the tube once. It was a 10 minute walk up Shaftsbury Avenue to the Theatre and a further 5-10 minutes walk to Covent Garden.As we didn't eat at the hotel, I can't comment on the restaurant. However we had Sunday brunch at Christopher's, near Covent Garden, which I can highly recommend. Next time we stay breakfast at Fortnum &amp; Masons is probably on the cards, as it is directly opposite the hotel.Although right in the centre of London, it was relatively quite once you got into Jermyn Street. The hotel itself had a nice relaxed atmosphere, when we got back from the Theatre around midnight the bar was open with a few people having a night cap . Our room was on the 11th Floor right next to the lift, but we didn't have any disturbance from the lifts at all.All in all a fantastic stay and a great location. Tips if you are taking a car:There is no congestion Charge in London at the weekend.Street parking is free from 6.30pm on Saturday around the Hotel.Westminster Council Car Parks (Leicester Square) have a Theatreland 50% discount if you are seeing a show. http://www.westminster.gov.uk/Carparks/theatreland.cfm	
Jul 23 2008 	Perfect weekend	Having scoured the reviews of available London hotels for a birthday weekend treat, the Cavendish seemed like a pretty safe bet. I was not disapointed. Location was fantastic and we were able to walk everywhere. We were offered a room upgrade for an extra £40 on arrival - glad we decided to do this as the new room was not exactly huge - but very smart and comfortable with a luxurious bathroom. Breakfast was delicious - especially if you order from the menu. Not an inexpensive hotel - but you get what you pay for!	
Jul 22 2008	The Classy Cavendish	We have enjoyed two weekend breaks at the Cavendish in January 2008 when we went to the Tutankhamun and Terracotta Army exhibitions and May 2008 when we went to see Bruce Springsteen at the Emirates Stadium. Staying at this super hotel made sure both our weekends were really enjoyable.The hotel staff are efficient and friendly. If you ask for a room with a view you will not be disappointed when you see the London skyline at dusk and dawn. The hotel is situated behind Fortnum and Mason and is ideal for sightseeing and shopping. A delicious English breakast was included in our room rate and the room was large and very comfortable. We are already looking forward to our next visit.	
Jul 20 2008 	Fabulous Hotel!	We spent 2 nights at The Cavendish in a Superior Queen room. The room was a decent size for London and the bathroom was very spacious with White Company toiletries. The walls were a little thin, but it wasn't too disturbing. The view from our room which was on the 14th floor was amazing - you could see the Gherkin, St Pauls, Nelson's Column, The London Eye and even Big Ben and the Houses of Parliament. Air con was useful as you can't open the windows and it can get a bit stuffy. The TV has a selection of satellite channels which includes Sky Sports which is a nice bonus.Breakfasts were fantastic, huge range of fruits, yoghurts, cold meats and cereals. Also a wide selection of pastries and croissants. On the Friday the cooked breakfasts are ordered via a waiter and brought to your table. On the Saturday the cooked breakfast was a buffet style, but if you wanted anything different you could still order off the menu. I would recommend getting the breakfast included in your room rate as we did, because at £21 per person plus 12.5% service charge, it is pretty steep!Staff on reception and the concierge desk were very friendly and efficient. I would not hesittate in recommending this hotel to anyone looking for a great place to stay in central London. The walk to Picadilly tube is only about 1 minute which is really convenient, and there is a Tesco Metro at the end of Jermyn Street (towards Picadilly) as well if you need any supplies.	
Jul 14 2008 	Nice modern rooms - great location	Stayed here for one evening at a weekend. Rooms are nice, modern, well equipped with quality bed linen/towels etc. They are a little on the small side - we had a superior room but it was still pretty small. Superior rooms at the Grosvenor (marriot) on Park Lane are much nicer but are a bit more pricey. Apart from that, good hotel.	
Jul 13 2008 	Great Location - OK Hotel	Firstly, this hotel is in an excellent location and worth considering for that reason alone. It is directly behind Fortnum &amp; Mason and less that 5 minutes walk to Piccadilly Circus!However, we were staying for a special occasion and for this, I don't think I would recommend it to others. We paid for a junior suite for the weekend (£250per night) and despite me stating on booking that it was a birthday celebration we were still given a fairly small ish room right next to the lift workings (as the lifts don't go to the top floor) and facing the opposite way to the river. When I asked for a better room the receptionist claimed that noone had ever complained about one of their suites before or any noise from the lfts (which is a bit hard to believe as it made a fairly continuous banging sound) and made us feel very awkward for asking. After a lot of huffing and puffing we were given a different suite that was at least twice the size and had a corner position (same price and clasification, so bear this is mind when staying). The rooms are OK but in need of some maintanence, 1 example is that a hole in the bathroom wall above the sink had been filled with what looked like tissue and then left? Breakfast is not good (really sloppy eggs that didn't look healthy at all) and the service was quite poor and fairly slow. On the Sunday morning we had to wait over 20 minutes to be seated as there was a queue of at least 18-20 people, which made us late to meet friends.A mention though that on the Sunday (my partners birthday) they did leave a cake in the room for him which was a nice thought, although we were out all day and only found it late when we got back, so it didn't get eaten.If you just need somewhere convenient to stay then do stay here in one of the basic rooms, but if you're looking for something to splash out on or to spoil someone, I'd pay the bit extra for a really special hotel as this one is likely to leave you really a bit ripped off.	
Jul 10 2008 	everything I wanted	Very freindly and easy going staff. Location was brilliant, as were the facilities and comfort. Rooms were very clean, had a 'new' feel about them and offered plenty of space.	
Jul 2 2008 	Nice long weekend	I stayed here for three nights over the Queen's Birthday in a junior suite. The room was on the penthouse floor, although I can't remember what the name of the room was. It was large with a chaise longue and writing desk and faced out over the park. Pros: double-sinked bathrooms (the secret to harmony at any hotel), a big, hot shower, enormous, comfortable bed, robes and a view.Cons: super expensive internet, no separate conditioner (it was combined with shampoo - not good for long hair), no lift to the floor (just inconvenient if you have lots of bags), limited TV channels.I booked through the hotel website, and paid around 220 GBP per night. Standard rooms were even cheaper. I would probably stay again because I think this is an excellent price for this standard of hotel in London. The only thing that would stop me is the internet fee as I can't travel without it.	
Jul 1 2008	Very nice a bit bland and boring.	Stayed with my husband for 5 nights. The Cavendish has the listed address, but also an entrance on Jermyn Street, across from Fortnum and Mason, and in the midst of all the wonderful Jermyn Street boutiques. It is about midway between the Picadelly Circus and Green Park Underground stops, a few minutes either way. This is really a very nice hotel, but the rooms are small (and we travel a lot). We have been to London several times, and this location is good, but the nearby restaurants are expensive, even by London standards. I just personally feel that other areas, especially Marylebone, are more fun. And, for the money, I think we could have done better.BUT, MOST IMPORTANT, this hotel WORKS. Meaning, the air conditioning functioned. Rooms were serviced promptly, extra towels arrived promptly when I asked, and the maid refused a tip.This hotel is a good solid choice, no surprises, but no action in the area, either, so you have to make your own choice. Looked like a good choice for business travellers, free wi-fi in the lobby.London is about the greatest city in the world. Go and have a good time, and try to forget how obscenely expensive it is.RE restaurants: Find Shepherd's Market off side streets on the other side of the Green Park stop. Several cute reasonable places there, loved &quot;The Market Brasserie&quot; (French). Did not like Getti's on Jermyn St, but really liked Rowley's, also fairly reasonable.	
Jul 1 2008 	Gem of a hotel!	I have just returned from a two-night weekend stay which I booked as a surprise 30th birthday gift for my partner, along with tickets to see We Will Rock You. First and foremost, the location is FANTASTIC! It is situated on Jermyn St, directly opposite Fortnum and Mason and parallel to Picadilly. It is within easy walking distance of atrractions such as St James' Park, Leicester Square and Buckingham Palace. As I am not keen on the tube, it was ideal as we were able to walk everywhere, including Covent Garden and the London Eye. It is a stone's throw from the West End/Soho and Theatreland, so it is ideal if you are planning on seeing a show. I booked a Classic Double Room online at the Advance Purchase Rate, which was £288 for two nights, including the buffet breakfast. Given the location and the fact that this is a 4* hotel, I felt that this price was excellent value, especially as the breakfast is usually £21pp. The room itself was pretty small, but well kept. The bed was the comfiest bed I have ever encountered! The room had a desk, drinks making facilities, minibar and safe. There was also a plasma screen TV and CD player too. The bathroom was also quite small but was beautifully finished and had a huge walk-in power shower. Breakfast is buffet-style and is served until 12 noon. There is a great selection, including cereals, breads/pastries, cheese, cold meats, fresh fruit and cooked breakfasts. You can also order various other items in addition to the self-service items. We also had a pre-theatre dinner at the restaurant, which was delicious and at £14.95 for two courses wa excellent value for London. My only problem with the restaurant is that service can be quite slow, particularly at busy times.The hotel in general is styled in a contemporary manner and although the hotel has 15 floors, the shared areas such as the bars and lobby are not particularly big, which gives it a nice, intimate feel. The bar and lounge prices are expensive (£9 for two bottles of beer and £4.80 for a coffee!), which is a shame really because we certainly would have spent more time in there if it hadn't been for this.The staff are extremely friendly and helpful. I managed to get a CD stuck in the CD player on the second evening and I informed the gentleman at reception on my way out. By the time we got back, it had been fixed and they had even put my CD back in the right case, without a scratch on it!I will definitely book the Cavendish if I return to London in the future. For the price I paid, the excellent location and the general pleasantness of stay, I don't think you could find any better in all of central London. I will certainly be recommending this hotel to others.	
Jun 5 2008 	Just right.	I have just come back from staying at The Cavendish for one night which we won through work! The hotel is situated just off Regent Street in a very nice area. The reception is small but decorated very well with lots of purple and light(!!). The reception staff were efficient, polite and helpful (always a bit of a surprise in London!!).We had a twin room on the 5th floor. The room was small, but average for London. The decor was lovely, very modern. Spotlessly clean. The beds were soooo comfy. Some nice touches, like a revlon hairdryer in the room - ladies will appreciate. The only bad points - the TV didn't work - could only get BBC and it was quite noisy - sounded like we had a window open! Bar as expected was expensive over £10 for dark rum and coke! We went for breakfast in the resturant, it was self service but the food was fresh and hot. Very good as far as breakfasts go.... would say Hilton is better for breakfasts? But not overly concerned.Will recommend this hotel!	
Jun 3 2008 	Nice Hotel Great Location	Stayed in the Cavendish from Friday 31st May - Sunday 1st June. Hotel is nice, and with the current exchange rate its quite 'cheap' by London standards for a 4 star hotel. Hotel is spotlessly clean, although the standard rooms are really small - my boyfriend is 6ft 2ins &amp; his feet never saw the inside of the bed!! the rooms are clean, nicely decorated, bright, with very comfortable beds. We had a rate that included breakfast (got it on the hotel website and it was only £1 more expensive than the rate without breakfast??? go figure) anyway, we ordered breakfast to our room (no extra charge for this) and to be honest - I'm glad we didnt pay more than £1 for it - the bacon was totally dried up, the hash browns were flavourless, my poached eggs were done perfectly, but the scrambled egg my boyfriend got looked gross - he said it wasnt great at all. We got THE smallest pot of (cold) coffee for two people, and no salt / pepper on the tray. Overall the breakfast was a big disappointment - so much so that we decided to eat out on Sunday morning. The lobby of the hotel is quite nice, but really small for a hotel with so many rooms. The bar is also quite small and be warned - very expensive. 2 bottles of beer cost us £9 - whereas in the pub around the corner it was only £6 for the same 2 drinks. The location is second to none, you can walk everywhere (the Ritz is only around the corner). If you want a nice comfortable clean hotel in a great location in London - go for the Cavendish..	
Jun 1 2008 	A gem near Piccadilly	I stayed here for three nights in May 2008. The Cavendish is a stylish boutique hotel with impeccible service. It's tucked down a quiet little street (Jermyn) and only five minutes walk to Piccadilly Circus. Also it's right opposite Fortnum &amp; Mason which is a great place to splurge on a fancy English breakfast! I booked a Superior room for a little extra. The room was not large (but good for London). They called it a &quot;City View&quot; but there is nothing to see. The room itself was very well decorated, nice furniture (fee based internet if you need it) and a wonderful bed with down pillows. The bathroom is large and modern. It has a complicated tap system in the shower and weird semi see-thru doors.There is a small bar in the lobby. It's not very cosy but it's nice and gets busy late at night. On check-in they will give you gift coupons for the bar, which is a nice touch (if not, ask) The staff were very helpful and quick to assist at reception and a great concierge. Room rate was around 150 GBP a night which is a lot these days for us third-world Americans ;) but well worth it for a perfect weekend stay in London. Travelocity (pay in USD) gives a better price than the hotel web site.Tip: be sure to hang up the Do Not Disturb thingy; otherwise housekeeping are aggressive to get in early :)	
May 31 2008 	terrific value	We stayed for 1 night in one of the junior suites which are situated on the top (15th) floor of the hotel. It should be mentioned that the lift service stops at the 14th floor, with 3 small flights of stairs giving access to the 15th. We normally stay at the Savoy but it is closed at the moment so we looked for a decent hotel in Piccadilly as we were in town to try a restaurant in Berkley Square. I chose the hotel after reading reviews on trip advisor and looking at a couple of booking agents websites. I was still a little apprehensive about things but when we found the hotel (set back from the road - you could miss it ) I relaxed.The lobby is mid sized and modern, check in was efficient. When we entered our room we both had the same reaction - result!The room was large, well furnished and spotless, and the bed was sublime. The best was yet to come however as the bathroom was simply brilliant. A large bath, double wash basins and an oversized shower, with plenty of towels etc. We've had this type of bathroom in the past but we didn't expect it at a 4 star. There were 2 Bose machines to use, a flat screen tv, and very importantly a kettle with tea and coffee available. It was very impressive, and I get harder to please as I get older. One niggle was the lighting system which was activated by putting the room key in a docking station by the door. I had to call reception to ask how we could turn off the lights without removing the key, but allowing a light to be used during the night. The hotel has 2 entrances, one on Duke St and the other on Jermyn St, opposite Fortnums. Breakfast was a very pleasant experience. Large comfortable,modern room with a choice of the usual hot/cold buffet. The food was hot and good quality, and the service was much better (efficient &amp; friendly) than the Savoy. For the amount paid this was easily the best value I have had at an hotel for many years. I booked through Milesfaster and paid £240 incl breakfast and vat. My only complaint would be the lack of soundproofing. As mentioned we were on a floor above the lift but could still hear it clanking and banging - if you are a light sleeper this could be a problem. We would definately return.	
May 31 2008 	Cavendish London --- Amazing!	We stayed at the Cavendish London in late-September of 2007. The hotel is centrally located in the Piccadilly Circus area and is close to several train stations. The hotel was very clean and in very good shape. The concierge staff was very helpful each morning in directing us how to get to where we wanted to go. I would highly recommend the Cavendish London to all leisure travelers. You may be able to find something cheaper, but I doubt it would be anywhere near as nice as this!	
May 30 2008 	Good value Great location and staff	The location in Jermyn St (close to Piccadily, Trafalgar Square and all of the West End attractions) is excellent. The staff were all very good, particularly on Reception and at the Concierge desk. We stayed in an Executive room on the 8th floor which, bearing in mind the price (£200 inc breakfast) and normal London room sizes, was really spacious. Excellent bathroom with large walk in shower and bath. Breakfast was good and the pre theatre dinner was also excellent value. Overall we thoroughly enjoyed our stay and against London norms, we felt the Cavendish offered good value for money.	
May 26 2008	Great hotel great location!	Stayed at the Cavendish, following reviews on Trip Advisor. It was perfect. 50 mins from Heathrow on the tube and handy for everywhere. Staff were really friendly and the breakfast was excellent.	
May 12 2008 	Fab location! Beautiful hotel!	I LOVED this hotel! It was my first time in London, and I did a ton of research to prepare. I booked the Cavendish based on TripAdvisor reviews, and I couldn't have been happier!The hotel is on Jermyn St., an adorable and quiet street in London lined with men's clothing stores. Across the street is Fortnum and Mason's, a really beautiful department store/market. One block up you have Piccadilly, and Soho is a short walk away (great restaurants here!!). The lobby area is really nice, and the concierges were really friendly and helpful. Everyone here was so nice to me. I stayed here alone for part of the time, but felt totally safe in the neighborhood and couldn't have been happier. So many things are within walking distance -- Buckingham Palace, St. James' Park, Green Park, Westminster Abbey, The London Eye, Parliament, Trafalgar Square, Oxford/Regent streets for shopping, Whitehall ... The location is seriously amazing. I couldn't believe it!The decor is stylish and modern. Stayed in an Executive Twin room for 7 nights in April. The room is a great size for two people. I had a couple of nights when the walls sounded kind of thin and I could hear the person next door, but ... well, it is London, and the building is really old and historic. Also, was located on the 10th floor and had amazing views of the London Eye and the Gherkin. The beds are sooo comfortable, with fluffy duvets. Breakfast was included - I started each morning here, and they have a wide spread of choices plus tea and coffee. Definitely get the rate with the breakfast included. You also get a newspaper with your room each morning, which I enjoyed.Stayed here again for 2 nights in May. Decided to try the Standard Room to save money, and it just does NOT compare. I was not impressed with the Standard Room, but the Executive Room is great. Lucky for me, the a/c broke in the Standard Room that first night so they upgraded me for free to an Executive Suite for my last night in London. That was such a treat!Can't wait to stay here again. I consider this a &quot;mid range&quot; hotel in terms of price. For my budget, I couldn't be happier. The location alone makes this hotel totally worth it ... just definitely get the Executive Room; it's worth the extra money.	
May 11 2008 	fantastic value for money.	stayed here for two nights at the end of April. Reception staff were very good and efficient and the staff in general above average in service. The breakfasts were excellant and the food of a good quality., we had a standard room and were thrilled with the quality of the beds and linen as we had just had an exchausting week in Morocco and needed the sleep! Would happily stay here again. BTW I was suprised to read a previous review that mentioned the high cost of internet here. I use a WIFI device and had unlimited access to the internet with no charge, an excellant service.Would happily recommend the hotel	
May 10 2008 	Great Location Nice Rooms	Stayed at The Cavendish for 4 nights on a recent business trip. The location can't be beat - just off Piccadilly, a 10 minute walk to Regent St, Grosvenor Square and 15 minutes to Buckingham Palace, etc. Was given a lower floor room - 3rd - but it was a &quot;deluxe&quot; at the end of a hall so it was basically a mini-suite. One area had a couch and desk, the other a large bedroom with very comfortable king bed. The bathroom was wonderful with separate shower and tub, lovely fixtures, nice amenities, etc.No real complaints. A few nit-picks; scuff marks on walls from luggage, a few carpet stains, etc., but nowhere as bad as some rooms in which I've stayed. And they didn't tell me that their restaurant was undergoing renovation so that meals could be taken in a small lobby bar. That wasn't appealing but certainly not problem in a neighborhood with a plethora of food options. (Oh - and my room looked onto the backside of Fortnum and Mason - so lots of good food within a stone's throw.)Considering the rate of 260 pounds per night - a relative bargain in London for a mini-suite - I can't complain and would stay here again. Gay man, super picky - I would stay here again.	
May 7 2008 	Good location Clean boutique trendy style but noisy	Stayed here for 2nights, room 1102The rooms are indeed small, but that's very common in a metropolitan city in Europe (try Paris hotels!).I never have problems with tiny rooms. Boutiqe style. Furnitures are new, clean and stylish. Carpet clean.Bed was very comfortable and bouncy. Cd/Stereo player in the room (no external plug/usb/mp3 though)Location is perfect, just behind the Fortnum &amp; Mason (I really have no clue what the fuzz is about that store).Despite the quiet street parallel to the busy Picadilly, it was still very noisy, because I got a room on the street side. Even on a higher floor (11th). The hallway-noise is also loud. Maindoors slamming and alot of echo in the hall way. Walls are abit too thin. Could hear my neighbour snoring and talking/watching tv. It was full house, so room change wasn't possible.I was adviced for next time to book rooms with number 14/15 or 06/07 (end of the hall and on the court side)Haven't tried breakfast. No comments.Overall, I really like the hotel style, service, cleanness, location, trendy and comfortable bed. However I wouldn't stay again unless I'll get a quiet room with good sound-isolation , even from the hallway or neighbours.So if you are a good sleeper who sleeps through anything, I would advice you to stay.If you are a light sleeper, book end-of-hallway-on-the-court-side-rooms or don't book at all.	
May 2 2008 	Great location but not quite there	We stayed in a standard double at The Cavendish and the room was definitely London small, but had some nice mod cons. I would describe it as OK rather than good (apart from the leaking sink tap). I booked this hotel for the location and for the quality breakfast described here on trip advisor. The location did not dissapoint and it really is right in the heart of London, but the food and service were poor for a hotel that prides itself on its culinary expertise. When the food turned up it was cold and I can only describe the scrambled eggs as mush on a plate. We also had to send one plate back twice due to errors, although the staff were very apologetic. Overall, I can't give the place more than a 2 out of 5.	
Apr 29 2008 	Great value Penthouse Suite	We stayed for 3 nights in a Penthouse Suite (Room 1507) on the 15th Floor. For London this was absolutely excellent value for money with great views to the east taking in the London Eye and the City Financial District. The accommodation was very spacious. Entering through double doors into a small lobby you turn left into a large well appointed lounge with a wall mounted flat screen TV, a DVD player and a Bose sound dock for an iPod. There is a separate toilet and washbasin in the lobby area adjacent to the lounge as well as a small cloakroom for hanging your coats. To the right of the lobby is the bedroom with its own TV and a remote control Bose CD/radio and a very comfortable King Size bed of course. The bathroom is also very spacious, well appointed and has a large walk in shower as well as a good size bath tub for soaking in. The Housekeeping Manager for the 15th Floor knocked on the door to enquire if everything was to our satisfaction and within 5 minutes of mentioning that the bath robes were rather small two new large freshly laundered replacements were delivered to our door with a friendly smile.I have added some photos of the suite if anyone’s interested just to give some idea of style and layout and have pre-fixed them all with ‘Room 1507’ for ease of identification.The Cavendish is an excellent 4 star hotel with friendly and attentive staff. It is very well located at the junction of Duke Street and Jermyn Street only 5 minutes walk from Green Park Tube Station which is perfectly situated on the Piccadilly, Victoria and Jubilee Lines. Jermyn Street runs parallel to the busy Piccadilly and the hotel is roughly half way between Green Park and Piccadilly Circus. For Theatreland, the two next eastbound stops from Green Park are Piccadilly Circus and Leicester Square, although you can walk to Piccadilly Circus in only 6 minutes. One stop westbound is Hyde Park, or a pleasant 5 minute stroll across Green Park takes you to Buckingham Palace, or one stop north takes you to Bond Street for the shops there and on Oxford Street. Not only that one stop south on the Jubilee Line is Westminster for Big Ben, the Houses of Parliament, Downing Street, Westminster Abbey and the London Eye. So I think to describe the hotel as being well located is certainly justified.Just two other things to mention; some of the best deals are for non-refundable advance purchase direct on the hotel website, make sure you include breakfast as it’s very expensive to order as an extra. Also, the pre-theatre dinner menu at £14.95 served from 5.30pm onwards is very good value.All in all, we would certainly go back.	
Apr 23 2008 	Great Stay !!!	My wife and I stayed at the Cavendish last week. Although the rooms are a little small, the hotel is awesome.Very clean, great buffet breakfast, friendly and efficient staff.The location is great for theatre and dining, and Oxford Street is only a short hop away.Would definately return !!!	
Apr 16 2008 	Great Penthouse view	There were four of us booked into The Cavendish for 2 nights in April 08. We had the Penthouse Suite and my sister and her husband had a Junior Suite.All the Suites are on the 15th floor, and the lift only goes up to the 14th, so you have to go up a flight of stairs to get to your room, but that wasn't a problem for us. Might be if you were laden down with bags though !The Penthouse is 1506, and my sisters Suite was 1507. The rooms were connected which I was surprised by. It worked out OK, but I wouldn't have been that happy if I were on my own.Both rooms were spotless and the huge bathroom in the Penthouse was the best Ive ever been in and gave a great view of London when you were on the loo !The 1507 Suite wasn't quite how it looks on the hotel website - no flat screen telly. But apart from that they were perfect.I got a great pre-paid rate off the hotel website (£220 Junior Suite and £260 Penthouse), and would definately stay here again	
Apr 15 2008 	Loved the Cavendish	I came to London on business, as I sometimes do, and arrived late as usual (11 pm). Once again Holiday Inn had ignored my request for smokefree room, and I called my travel agency to have them try to dig up other accdomodations. And they found a little piece of heaven!!I moved to The Cavendish that same night, not knowing what to expect there, merely because they said all their rooms where smokefree. I arrived, and it was gorgeous - just the right size, supreme location (8 min walk to office), fresh mix of scandinavian and asian design. A roomy shower instead of clunky tub, very comfortable bed, and quiet - no noise bothered me all night. Breakfast the next morning was very good, but overpriced (£21). Staff was very helpful and polite.Overall, this is now my favorite place to stay when in London on business!	
Apr 12 2008 	Fantastic hotel!	We booked for only one night, but were really impressed with the hotel immediately on arrival. Staff were friendly, rooms are clean and comfortable, and breakfast is great! The bar on the ground floor is cosy, and we especially enjoyed the cocktails.We are hoping to return in October, as the hotel is in a great location, so that we can complete all the things we found we really wanted to do. It is affordable luxury. Having stayed previously in the Savoy for much more money, the room standards were much higher (although the food was still fantastic there too!) Well worth a visit!	
Apr 5 2008 	Home from home luxury - brilliant location!	Hotel was very central; couldn't ask for a better location for visiting London. It had a nice informal atmosphere, purple reception area that was welcoming, modern and warm.We had a fabulous 14th floor room facing Big Ben, London Eye, Houses of Commons, could see St Pauls, Gherkin etc - the views were to die for! The room was very clean, comfortable and had all amenities needed for a great stay, TV, CD player, Tea/Coffee, hair dryer, iron ect. Mattress was exceptionally comfortable and room decorations were very attractive.Room service was excellent and prompt!All staff were friendly, warm, approachable and happy to help.Buffet breakfast with all you could want for...even for vegetarians like myself I managed a cooked breakfast that compared well to that of my meat eating partner! Restaurant overlooked Fortnum and Masons.We were on a 50th/60th birthday celebration weekend; took in a couple of shows, toured London and did some shopping - everything was on our doorstep - it was so so convenient!.Will definately use again when we visit London and highly recommend hotel!THANK YOU TO THE CAVENDISH FOR MAKING OUR WEEKENDSO SO SPECIAL!!	
Apr 5 2008 	Super location for all that the West End has to offer	In a great location adjacent to Piccadilly and opposite the back of Fortnum and Mason. Check-in a breeze and staff so helpful. Room lovely and a good size. Great bathroom with large bath and walk-in shower. Weve stayed in many hotels in London and can only say that room wise, this is as good as it gets for what we paid. We paid little more than in other hotels, but the difference was worth it. Most rates seem to include breakfast, but if yours doesn't £21is more than steep. It was the only let down of the whole stay but not enough to stop me from giving an excellent score. London is London, so I have rated purely on the standard of the accommodation so that people can put things into perspective. If you get a good deal, give this one a whirl! Five minutes walk to Piccadilly Circus and Theatreland.	
Mar 30 2008 	Quality persists only one problem outstanding	A fourth visit to the Cavendish (and this has to be my last review) confirms that this is quality establishment with good staff service and consistent quality. The convenient and relatively quiet location are definite advantages. Once again my only consistent gripe is that hot buffet breakfast is never hot….how can paraffin lamps under the platters achieve this and the odour of combustible vapour is not at all pleasant? Lets hope this can be fixed to create a perfect experience.	
Mar 26 2008 	Smart hotel great location	We stayed at The Cavendish for one night on Good Friday. You can't beat the location, walking distance from Piccadily, Leicester Square, Convent Garden and the shops of Oxford/ Regent street.Check in was a breeze, reception staff were friendly and efficient.We stayed on the 9th floor. The room was small, but what do you expect in central London? It was well kept, clean, stylish and had everything we needed.Definitely a 4* hotel!	
Mar 25 2008	Luxurious but affordable	We stayed at The Cavendish on the Thursday before Good Friday, as we had a meal booked in town. We chose the hotel because of an offer with www.travelzoo.co.uk, and we were more than happy.We had an upgraded room on the 14th floor, affording great views of the London Eye, Post Office Tower, St Pauls and other landmarks. The room itself wasn't huge, but had a CD player (nice touch!) and tea/coffee making facilities, which is always nice.The bathroom was clean, modern and had nice toiletries. The shower was okay, but not the best.Best aspect was the bed linen and bed itself. The thread-count on the linen must have been really high, because it was amazing quality, and the bed was extremely comfortable.Great location in Jermyn St - close to Piccadilly, Westminster, St James Pk, etc.	
Mar 22 2008 	Cavedish Lift Noise	I stayed with my wife in mid-March for two nights in a Junior Suite.Staff, breakfast and location all excellent - an enjoyable weekend.One word of warning though - if you book a 15th floor room, do not accept room 1502. One corner wall of this room conceals the lift mechanism. It clanked and squeaked throughout the first night to the extent that even ear plugs were inadequate! We changed rooms and the next night was fine. Otherwise recommended.	
Mar 21 2008 	BOO!! good location but rooms only big enough for a bed!!	we stayed at the cavendish for 2 nights, 2 weekends ago.we previously stayed at the royal park hotel 6 mths ago. RP is a charming hotel but we wanted to try another part of town.we arrived and liked the fact the lobby resembled the photos taken by guest (good job!). check in was easy and we were given a room on the 10th floor. i had asked before we went up to the room if this was the best room they had available for our price bracket. they said yes. got to the room and mouth dropped. first thing we noticed was the size. the room about 11sqm/118sft. we had two small carry ons with us so when we put them on the floor at the foot of the bed, there was no room to pass. second thing was a howling noise. i thought the window was opened but it wasn't. they were not sound proof (and no, i'm not from the countryside and love city noises but this was too much). the wind against the cheap windows was so loud it was like a ghost was in the room... or you were in a tunnel.so we called down and ask if it was possible to change or upgrade our room and we were told we could for an additional £30 for each night we were staying. we said no because it wasn't worth it. we were already paying £150 for a walk-in closet and a newspaper. £180 can get you a different class of hotel in the neighborhood.because we were in LDN for fun, we ignored the room flaws, had a good time and just slept with ear plugs.on checkout, they tried to charge us for food we didn't eat from the minibar and that's when i wrote off this hotel completely. i don't like it when hotels are cheap with their guests, especially when they are not full. ok, enough of my [-].positives: decor was fresh. everything was clean. no chips on the wall, etc. nice shower/ bathroom. tiny but not leaky. bottom line: there are better hotels in town that give you more for your money.	
Mar 13 2008 	great Mother-Daughter getaway	I booked this hotel last fall on the advise of a friend who used it for business travel. At that time, there were very few reviews for this hotel on Trip Advisor. I am pleased to see that it has &quot;come up in the ranks.&quot; My adult daughter and I had a short trip to London, our first time there. The central location was ideal for walking and sightseeing. As well, we felt very safe in the hotel, and in the area of Jermyn St. and surrounding streets, even quite late at night. The bathroom was a bit cramped (by Canadian standards) but beautiful and quite functional. The beds were wonderfully comfortable.I would definitely stay there again.	
Mar 5 2008 	Good hotel great location	Stayed for one night, 1st March. Hotel is in a great location and it was a very pleasant stay. Checked in no problem at 2pm. Room 513 was small but had everything that you needed. Bathroom only had a large walk in shower (no bath) but it was clean and functioned well. Room was modern and had a nice comfy bed!Hotel is in a great location for Picadilly Circus and there was no problem with any noise etc during the night. Breakfast was excellent and we were able to leave our bag while sightseeing and collect later before our journey home.Would definately stay again.	
Mar 4 2008 	Piccadilly Utopia	Excellent accomodation. Booked a suite on the 15th floor with fantastic views. Staff all extremely helpful, food great value at £15pp for a pre-theatre meal (2 course). Lots of good quality men's retail shops nearby but also not far to Regent St shops for the ladies. Highly recommended, especially for theatre trips.	
Mar 3 2008 	the cavendish - an oasis of tranquility.	A Superb hotel in every respect .The standard of accommodation exceeded our expectations,as did the level of service from all the staff.The location is ideal in respect of all the main attractions and we would have no hesitation in recommending this venue to anyone contemplating a visit to London .The combination of the quality of the surroundings and genuine hospitality of the staff made a significant contribution to our stay and was an experience of a kind that is becoming increasingly hard to find these days....our sincerest thanks to all concerned.!	
Feb 29 2008 	Good for the Money - nice but not stuffy	We stayed here for 1 night in early Feb as I had booked a wine tasting day at the Londons Vinopolis and so we thought it would be nice to stay.We arrived at the hotel after travelling by train and the hotel looked nice and clean. Reception took a while to book us in but only because the man on the phone was having difficulty explaining to someone on the phone that they don't do single rooms, and they would have to have a double and pay the double rate. Went on for ages!But after that we went to our room - which in all honesty was quite small really - but it was the standard room we booked and we got it for £183 including breakfast for two so whos complaining. The only thing I would say is the room was musty smelling - each time we would walk in it wuld hit you. We had to open the windows when we were in it to tr and get some fresh air. The location (like everyone says and the reason we choose it) is fantastic! We walked to China Town and Leicester Square and Bond Street. And then got taxis to Harrods etc as got abit lost and walked in completely the wrong direction. We had a walk rounf Hyde Park on the Sunday morning which was lovely as it was all sunny - we were waiting for the shops to open and wanted to kill abit of time.The only thing I got grumpy about it nothing to do with the hotel per say - but just London in general. We have visited Londn several times for nights out and hav stayed in different hotels like the Berkely, Metropolitan, Raddisons, Westbury etc etc, and this hotel was good value for the money. HOWEVER I don't get why people are so happy to take terrible service from restaurants and still pay tips there! We had a bad experience at lunch which put us in abad mood i guess - as we waited 2 and half houts before we had our main meal! Then when we said something - the waiter just said everyone had complained and thats was it. Then we were looking for somewhere to have dinner - and shouldn't have but got tired of walking - so ended up in a Angus steak bar - we both love steak and they were heaving so thought must be good. Well we got stuffed in the back - where they had cut the width of the table to half to make it fit and you couldn't get your leg past the table leg - and then we had our steaks which were ordered rare and came so overcooked I don't think anyone would have ate them. This from a place that specialises in steaks - then we sent them back and they were ok when they came again - but half my husbands was full of threads which meant he couldn't cut through it. Then when we got the bill we were shocked to see - we had to pay £1 eac for some bread they had brought wihtout asking, and the chips and potato we had with th steak were extra. So we paid over £50 for two steaks (not very nice ones) and 2 diet cokes!!! How mad is that!! And the people round us who complained about there food etc kept leaving £10 tips!!!! I don't get it!!!But hey - thats no reflection on the hotel - they did a nice menu which we could have had but had 2 courses for the same cost - but we thought hotel food would be more than walking and finding somewhere. Hey - you learn.So basicaly - sorry for the rant - but the hotel is great locaton, OK beds, small rooms, nice breakfast!!!!! and easy to get to etc.Would go back if needed central location again.	
Feb 29 2008 	Great Hotel	Stayed at this hotel between Christmas and New Year for 3 nights and got a very good deal, in an executive family room for myself, wife and 11 yr old son. Booked via the hotel website, booking for family of 3, and pre-paying there special rate. Was called a couple of days later and advised that my son was extra.Discussed that their web page knew we were family of 3 at time of booking, and quoted price should stand. Hotel then agreed.Room was large and comfortable for the 3 of us. Bathroom was really super, with bath and seperate shower.Breakfast choice was first class.Location was great, and could easily walk to all the main attractions in London.Would thoroughly recommend this hotel, especially if you get a good deal. We found the best deals on the hotels own website.	
Feb 27 2008	Great Stay Once Again at this Hotel	We stay at this hotel every time we come to London and this must be about our 10th stay. Excellent as always and, if anything, slightly better than previous stays. Breakfast was exceptionally good and plentiful.Only very minor negative would be the too soft pillows. Bed was soft but this was nice for a change.Would have no hesitation in staying here again as it offers everything a London hotel should offer.	
Feb 24 2008 	Modern Hotel GREAT LOCATION	We have just returned from a weekend break at London, staying at The Cavendish Hotel. This hotel is the perfect location for sightseeing in the city. 5 mins walk and you are at Buckingham Palace, Picadilly Square, The Ritz, Bond Street, Oxford Street and Regent Street to name a few. Mega!! Rooms are average size, clean and modern. We asked for a high level room and was not disappointed. We stayed in room 1014 on the 10th floor and have a great view of london looking towards St Pauls and The London Eye. My only concern was that the walls seemed a little thin as it sounded like the man next door was choking to death!! Breakfast, again splendid and well cooked. Overal this hotel is a real great base, modern, good rates and m,ost of all a brilliant location. I will be back there from now on.	
Feb 19 2008 	Little Things Mean a Lot	Once again The Cavendish has come up trumps for my wife and I on our second visit in four months thanks to the Website Auctionair. Not only did we get an upgrade as per the booking but we got an up grade to the upgrade and finished up in an Executive Room with monster bed CD Player, excellent bathroom efficiently maintained ,as before. Only minus point was that the room smelt of smoke - not a lot but sensitive noses picked it out. However, two open windows brought some fresh air.Once again the breakfasts were well above average and very well organised thanks to the friendly staff. We also had an even better evening meal than last time, making Saturday night special.If we had any criticism it would be the design of the lounges which could be more attractive, but that is due to the design of the First Floor to accommodate the lifts, taking a great chunk out of what would otherwise be a welcoming area.All the staff we met were attentive and polite and gave us every assistance.This is an ideal hotel to stay at for all London's attractions. It was but a short walk to Leicester Square to enjoy the Chinese New Year celebrations. Since our last visit the hotel has introduced a brilliant booklet on London which will answer all your questions on where to go and where to shop.But best of all - and sadly you will be too late to enjoy this as it only happens on February 8/9/10/11 or on the first week in November - set your alarm for 7.00am and look out of the window if your room overlooks The Wheel and you will see the sunrise right through it. Magic !!Shall return ? Of course.Tony and Hilary IrelandCheltenham EnglandAstrotravel	
Feb 18 2008 	Fun trendy hotel great location	I stayed at the Cavendish for business, the rates (as an American) are a bit high (approx $500 USD a night). The beds are comfortable, the service is EXCELLENT, and the location is great! Will definitely go back again!	
Feb 12 2008 	Stunningly beautiful	My husband booked this hotel as part of a weekend away for my birthday and I loved every minute of staying here. It was a bit of a nightmare to get to, through one way streets and heavy traffic but it was well worth it on arrival. Concierge parked our car so no worries there and the hotel is right opposite Fortnum and Mason so you're right in the thick of the action. Perfect if you're seeing a show in the West End, which is what we did as you are only about a 5 minute walk away.The room was gorgeous, really modern but with a glass bathroom door so you can't be shy, especially when concierge arrived with our bags and husband was on the loo!The bar is lovely with tasty nuts brought over to your table and nothing seems too much trouble.Breakfast is also top class. Hot and cold buffet and all delicious and very fresh.I would recommend this to everyone. I can't wait to come back!	
Feb 11 2008 	A Fantastically wonderful hotel - can not wait to go back	I stayed in this Hotel in January and after reading several reviews was slightly wary of staying here. I stayed here for a girly weekend.Our flight was delayed by two hours and we had had a hectic morning so by the time we arrived at the Cavendish, we were a little more than stressed. We put one foot inside the hotel and there was a gentleman there to greet us with a fantastic attitude to his job and instantly took both our very heavy suitcases of us. We then checked in and as it was only a few minutes after 12 noon our room wasn't ready, but we were extremely hungry so decided to have lunch in the lounge area on the first floor - and it was absolutely amazing and well worth the money about £20 for two.When we went back down to reception our room was ready. The Room was HUGE. I've stayed in many a standard hotel room and by far this was the biggest and best. It had EVERYTHING!The only thing that was slightly strange was that the bathroom door - you could see straight through it. We discovered this when my friend went to use the bathroom and the bellboy arrived with our luggage at the same time. It was an extremely amusing incident and only added to our fun!This hotel is about location, location, location. you can walk nearly everywhere, and where you can't walk to the most in a taxi was £7. Really close to the Ritz, Bond St., and Oxford St and only one minute to Piccadilly.When we got back to our hotel-I had ordered a bottle of champagne as a surprise for my friend- it was also her birthday.It was waiting for us and there was also a birthday cake and birthday card with it - even though I had only once mentioned we were celebrating my friends birthday. (The cake was amazing).The concierge were the most fantastic people I've ever encountered in a hotel, they would do anything they could for us, made dinner reservations,gave directions and were fun to chat to.Breakfast - well what can I say - FAB it was really nice, loads of choice and really fresh and again the staff couldn't do enough for you. Overall - i've already made plans to go back and stay in this hotel, and I can not wait. Would recommend to anyone and we've made our girly weekend in London a yearly event, purely for the hotel	
Feb 5 2008 	Junior Suite - Excellent but make sure you get room 1503	stayed in room 1503 which is a penthouse junior suite. booked directly with hotel and paid £253 for 1 night stay which included breakfast. after reading many reviews on here decided to opt for the cavendish due to recommended location and level of sevice experienced by other tripadvisors and was not dissapointed on either count. on arrival we were assigned room 1505 which had no lcd tv and despite the large oversize bathroom did not really feel like a suite(or even a junior suite). wasn't happy at all with this so went down to reception to air my feelings - beware when booking a suite, they don't all have lcd tv's as you are led to believe on the website - reception staff very helpful and quick to react, spoke to manager and was offerred different suite but also no lcd tv. i told them this was not acceptable either and they should either give me a discount or find me a room which met the description on the website. within 15 minutes they managed to assign me room 1503 which is most likely the exact room you see on the picture in the website and definitely better than 1505. it was a different layout(i think 1505 was on a corner) and felt much larger and a proper junior suite with an enormous bathroom, excellent double sized power shower. separate bath and his n hers sink/vanity areas. the lcd tv is only about 28 inch but has sky sports 1, 2, and 3. now i felt like i was getting some value for my money - if that is possible in a london hotel!. 10 out of 10 for staff attitude and willingness to help with my problem, they really did excel themselves and turned my stay from a dissapointing one to a thoroughly enjoyable and pleasant one. everything else has been well documented in previous reviews, excellent breakfast, large comfy beds(although the mattresses are very soft indeed so if you are used to a firm mattress then you may not get a great nights sleep), great staff attitude and willingness to help, and great location. all in all, i would stay again and would recommend to other readers. a very well run hotel indeed.	
Jan 29 2008 	great location but small rooms	Have stayed here before and the location cannot be faulted. It's in really nice spot, safe and secure, close to tube and bus links and shops etc.we had a small room that had a tiny bathroom that wasn't even big enough for two people to fit in at once which for a superior room was pretty poor to be honest.Pillows could have been better and the bed was incredibly bouncy.Overall the service was good but £21- for breakfast was a joke.	
Jan 26 2008 	Mmm… Breakfast	A perfect place to stay to see a London show, with major theatres within walking distance. The hotel is located on a quiet street only steps from Piccadilly Circus and a few mins walk away from both Leicester and Trafalgar square.We booked direct with the hotel and got a good deal which included breakfast (lovely sausages) and asked for a high floor and view (see photo) which we certainly got. We arrived just before the check in time and our room was ready for our arrival, and although situated opposite the service/housekeeping room we were not disturbed at all.The room and bathroom size was as expected bearing in mind the location and was very clean and well maintained. The bed was super comfy!We picked this hotel from the reviews on this site and also for its location and were not disappointed, and as mentioned by a previous review shopped in the Tesco Metro (a chilled screw top bottle of Pinot Grigio and some crisps) for our post theatre refreshments.A first class stay in London!	
Jan 24 2008 	Great location small rooms	We booked this hotel for 3 nights stay in January 2008 via a special Travel Zoo rate of 85 pounds/night + tax (approx 100 pounds) for a Superior Room. We had just stayed in London a couple of weeks before at the Hilton London Metropole. Pros: amazing location and beautiful premises. The hotel is very close to Green Park tube station and Piccadilly Circus. The area is beautiful, with the Ritz near by and many boutique shops (Jermyn St. is lined with speciality tailors). The hotel is very well kept and the rooms are clean with great views. We asked for a quiet room and did receive one.Cons: If we had paid full price for the room we would have been disappointed. The room was very modern and trendy, but incredibly small and poorly laid out. On the hotel website it showed flatscreen TVs, but TV we were given was an old, small model. Compared to the Hilton that we stayed in a couple of weeks before for almost half the price, we did not see the value except for the location. If you don't plan to spend a lot of time in the hotel room, are by yourself, and want a clean and modern hotel in a central location, it is a great choice.	
Jan 18 2008 	Fantastic location	Stayed here for 2 nights over weekend break to London. Location was fantastic for seeing sights, theatre district and shopping. Piccadily tube station close by, but easy walking distance to all attractions.Hotel was lovely, room small but expected in this area of London, but comfortable with all you needed for a weekend. Only ate breakfast in the hotel which was included in our rate. The breakfast was very good with plenty of choice and friendly waiting staff. However, if it is not included in the rate the price is £21 which I feel is not a justified price tag!We booked a christmas special rate of £260 for both of us for 2 nights with breakfast on the hotel website. We feel this was a good deal, but would possibly have been disapointed with the hotel if we had paid full price.	
Jan 9 2008 	Not 4 Star Service! Disappointed!	Myself and my husband stayed here for 2nights over New Year. Check in was fine, room was fine on the 10th floor, nice large bed, nothing overly 3 Star. I had booked through Active Hotels as usual, £390 for the 2 nights room only. They were charging £21 p.p for breakfast so we went to a little Italian just on the right as you approach Piccadilly Circus and had a scrumptious breakie there for £12 for the two of us. We flew into Stansted and got the train/tube to Green Park stop, 5min walk then to hotel. We didn’t dine in the hotel due to previous reviews and anyway I wanted to get out and see about me. The first night New Years Eve we dined in the Avenue just down a side street off the hotel towards St James Pk. Very nice indeed, excellent service and modestly priced for good food! Second night as we were booked to go to the theatre we dined in China Town, Crispy Duck Restaurant (ask for a table on 2nd floor), lovely meal and reasonable price.Prices - The only time we drank in the hotel bar was New Years Eve after we returned from the London Eye and fireworks, we had one drink. Glass of champs and a coke £14. Also like to point out the prices are scandalous in the mini bar in the room, can of coke £2.50, and wait for it….a kitkat £1.50…rip off! There is a Tesco at the end of street get your bits from there, but as it was closed over new year when we were there we weren’t able to avail of it!Service – The hotel bar was closed on New Years Eve, go figure! In saying that it wasn’t really a bar, but more an add-on in the corner of the lobby with a scattering of chairs. This is supposed to be a 4star hotel, so you would expect 4 star service, think again! On check in I gave them a swipe of my credit card only to find on check out that they had actually charged £500 onto my card at that time. When I tried to pay on check out the receptionist made a big deal/show, saying that my card was declined, when I knew that the £403 of a bill should have gone easily on it! So got them to phone up the card company and it transpired that yes indeed they were holding the initial charge so they were trying to charge me £903 for my 2night stay! When I informed the receptionist Frankie of this he just shrugged his shoulders and said that he couldn’t take off the charge until I paid the £403. As I had been at reception now for 45mins and was in a rush to get the tube/train to catch a plane I agreed to do this and told my card operator to watch out for the £500. A week later and several phone calls later it still isn’t sorted out! So beware! I felt that the Cavendish staff didn’t handle this situation well at all and that the receptionist staff could be doing with some training in Customer Service befitting a 4 Star hotel! So on the whole I wouldn’t recommend this hotel. I will be staying elsewhere with better service and facilities for the price!	
Jan 5 2008 	Excellently Located - The Cavendish	We have now had two stays at this hotel - in September and November and are about to stay once more in January. We opted for a junior suite on both previous stays and were not disappointed - the views from the room over the rooftops of London are superbThe location of the hotel is excellent - opposite Fortnum &amp; Masons and literally a couple of minutes from Piccadilly and Green Park - lots of pubs and restaurants to choose from with only a few minutes walkUpon previous stays in London we have always stayed at One Aldwych, however, the prices there are not as competitive as The Cavendish and there is not a great deal of difference so far as quality is concernedThe breakfast is excellent and there is a huge choiceIf we had one criticism, we would agree with other reviewers in that the bar prices are a little pricey - if you don't want to pay those prices there are a number of good pubs nearby	
Jan 4 2008 	Brilliant Hotel	Stayed for 3 nights between Xmas &amp; New Year in a superior double room. We requested a high room with a view &amp; were not disappointed as room 815 overlooks Big Ben &amp; the London Eye. Our early check in was faultless and the room was modern, spacious (for central London), clean &amp; very comfortable. Breakfast at the hotel was lovely &amp; fresh but didn't change over the 3 days we were there. We had a pre theatre dinner at the hotel and this was very good value for money (2 courses £14.95), my only comment would be that there were no greens or garnish on the plate although you could order these as a side. The lobby bar is expensive as other reviewers have said (£19 for 2 rum &amp; cokes). All the staff were very pleasant &amp; helpful. The location of the hotel is second to none with the tube (Green Park) and bus stops within a couple of minutes walk. There is a good choice of stylish restaurants around the hotel, along with a couple of traditional pubs that are not at all expensive. The location of the hotel for shopping and theatres is excellent and the London tour buses are available at a stop next to The Ritz and these are an excellent way to see the sights. Overall, we couldn't fault this hotel and we will definately stay here again.	
Jan 3 2008 	Absolutely Wonderful!	My husband and I just returned home from our 7 night stay with The Cavendish in London and I must say we couldn't have been more pleased. We both heavily rely upon this website to get honest reviews and opinions of hotels because we travel frequently and this hotel was spot on. Please go on this review and not some others that complain about small silly things such as alarm clocks! We received top notch service beginning with an early check in and ending with a complimentary trip to Gatwick airport because of a silly mix up on football tickets. We were able to check in early and at our cost decided to upgrade our room so that I could have a nice big bathtub. Let me just say that the kind attendant gave us a FABULOUS room on the 14th floor with the most amazing views. The concierge was the best we have ever dealt with (thanks Ryan and Ben) and one morning we were too early for breakfast (included in our package) because we were going on a tour and they were fine to let us have our breakfast a full hour before the restaurant even opened. The rooms were nice and who cares if they are a touch small...you are on vacation...get out of your room :) Besides, I think that bathtub was the biggest I have ever been in. The beds were sooo comfy too. Location is fantastic and within walking distance to everything. Trust me, you will not be disappointed with a stay in this hotel. We would certainly return!	
Jan 2 2008 	Really nice spot in central London	Stayed at this hotel shortly after Xmas. Check in was friendly and swift and we were pleasantly surprised with our twin room. Room was a little on the small side and bathroom, though attractive and spotless, was also low on space. On our first night we were woken by rowdy revellers in the next room who again played really loud music the following evening. We notified reception and asked for another room and this was immediately granted with a very pleasant porter arriving shortly afterwards to escort us and our luggage to our new room. Bar service was excellent, though a little on the pricey side. Breakfast was a veritable feast to satisfy every appetite. Breakfast staff were most hospitable. Most mornings guests had to queue for available breakfast tables, with waits of up to 15 minutes. However, staff were making great effort to clear tables and keep things moving.Makes an ideal base for exploring theatreland and shopping. Thoroughly enjoyed our stay.	
Dec 24 2007 	Couldn't be more central!	We booked this via an offer with travelzoo which gave us a discounted rate and a complimentary upgrade. The hotel has been nicely decorated, though it does feel like it can't quite decide whether or not to embrace the 1960's architecture or ignore it, so manages a bit of an unhappy mix of the two! Personally I'd just embrace it wholeheartedly and create a really unique property rather than something that does feel slightly corporate/cookie cutter. The room was a superior queen, on a high floor with a view over Westminster as requested. The room was only slightly larger than a classic double and really wouldn't be worth upgrading for unless you can get it for nothing. The executive rooms are far more spacious so if you've got the cash go for one of those instead! That said the room was fine with a decent TV, cd player and bathroom.Overall I'd stay here again for location as it really can't be beaten, however I'd be unwilling to pay the publicly available rate of approximately £140 per night at the weekend. Quick tip about breakfast...£21 at The Cavendish or £14 at the Wolesley just around the corner... If you're on a room only rate I know which one I'd rather have!	
Dec 1 2007	Boutique-style hotel at nicely located eyesore	The location of the Caventish is great! The rooms are ok, but small, very small and not as stylish as you would expect from a boutique hotel at the price. In the corridor in our room there was a hole in the ceiling with tubes, valves and loads of dust underneath. Internet is damn expensive which makes it somewhat useless for business travellers which they might aim for.	
Nov 29 2007	Loved the Cavendish	Stayed at the Cavendish for 1 night. Ideal location for exploring. Walking distance to 'Theatreland' and the main shopping areas. Spacious rooms with a fab view, nice breakfast and friendly staff. Will return!	
Nov 24 2007 	Superb Hotel	Stayed at the cavendish for one night in november and loved it so much i've booked again already!. The hotel staff are the friendliest i've come across and are so obliging. Fantastic location oposite Fortnum and Mason, two blocks from The Ritz and literally ten minutes walk from Leicester Square, so yes, smack bang in the middle of everything. Beautifully furnished rooms and amazingly comfortable beds. All in all if you like a bit of luxury and like to be in the centre of all the action then theCavendish isTHE hotel and i love it.	
Nov 22 2007 	The best hotel ever!	Very central, modern but stylish, great view from the 14th, staff is lovely, I liked everything but... the bed that was much too soft for me. Nevertheless the incredible breakfast buffet made me forget about the night ;-)	
Nov 20 2007 	I'm a regular here	I've stayed here many times over the last few years. Its a nice place. Its had a bit of an image makeover since De Vere sold it. The best thing is the location; Jermyn Street is just sexy. Everytime I've stayed here I've had different rates... they've differed from very expensive to very cheap... each time however I've enjoyed myself. Get a room on a high floor and enjoy breath taking London skylines at night. Also, try and get a rate that includes breakfast, then have it served in your room.	
Nov 20 2007	Great hotel	Stayed at the Cavendish for brother's wedding. Booked the lowliest room and was very pleasantly surprised by the quality. Modern, clean, well located near Piccadilly, great views from bathroom and room and valet parking under the hotel at competitive rates. Will definitely stay again	
Nov 14 2007	expensive but terrific	great rooms, nice views above eigth floor amazing location. More tradtional feeling though, and no gym.Not as hip as soho hotel or covent garden hotel.	
Nov 4 2007 	Location location location!	I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights at the end of October and I have to say that it is in the best location you can get in London - just a 5 minutes walk to either Picadilly Circus or Green Park (in both places you will find subway stations) and a 2 minutes walk to the bus stop where e.g. the buses leave for Knightsbridge (&quot;Harrod´s&quot;) and Kensington.Many sights, shops, restaurants, ...are in walkable distance!The negative side of the location right in the city center is the fact that you hear the traffic noise in your room - also during the night. So make sure that you ask for a room on a high floor and preferably not facing one of the 2 streets. We stayed on the top floor (14th) and still could hear some traffic noise...(even with the window closed, as the glass is quite thin).The hotel itself:The hotel is modern and stylish. Nice atmosphere. Elevators did run smoothly and there was no long wait even at peak hours.The staff at the reception was very helpful and efficient.Room:The room was very nicely decorated and very clean - modern, with stylish design and seemed to be quite newly renovated.We stayed in a sup. Queen room and I have to say that the room was very small - so to make sure to have more space you should book at least the next category.The bathroom was quite large in comparison to the room and especially for London standards. The design was very modern and stylish - the only negative was that the bathroom door had a large glass element (although only partly transparent), which might not be everyone´s cup of tea.The view from the room was excellent as we were on the 14th floor and had a really nice view of the city.Breakfast:Was very good - large choice (from fresh fruit (ananas, ..) to salmon to porridge....). You can also order additional things from the menu which does not cost extra. Only the service was well friendly, but a bit slow.So, this hotel is a very good choice if you want a really central location and do not mind that you might hear some traffic noise during the night. This hotel offers really good quality, especially if you compare it to other hotels at the same price range in London.	
Oct 17 2007 	What a great location for a hotel	What a great location for a hotel, close to shops, theatres ect. and for the tubes and buses We upgraded to a superior double room, well worth the extra £15.00 per night, Ideal as I stayed here with my husband for our anniversary. When we booked we made sure that a full english breakfast was included with our bookiing. The service at breakfast was good and we had no trouble getting a table at any time.There is a Tesco express nearby, so you do not need to spend too much money on things like bottled water, etc. Which is always expensive in hotels.	
Oct 14 2007 	very good location	The location was absolutely wonderful. Walking distance to theatres, Piccadilly Circus, shopping, and most tourist sites. Underground was only a couple of blocks away. The room was spacious with a king sized bed...rated superior... and bathroom was also large. Would recommend a high floor as the nearby nightclub noise can be very disturbing on Friday and Saturday nights especially...although it was quiet during the week. All of the concierges were very helpful and pleasant. The breakfast menu was astronomically expensive so we opted for one of the many nearby cafes. Would definitely go back to this hotel.	
Oct 8 2007 	Spot on!	I stayed here with my wife on our anniversary for one night in october.Good points;Efficient, courteous check in. Asked for a quiet room, I got one with lovely views.Room itself was a Queen superior large enough for 2 people and baggage/shopping!! It had all you could want inside the room, i.e. safe/iron/hairdryer etc etc etc.Restaurant was clean and service was good. The food was excellent, I was surprised there was nt more people using it although it was pre theatre timings.We had a room service breakfast the following morning which was excellent and on time.Check Out/Left Luggage/Taxi all A1.Bad Points;Bed was far too soft, even for my wife!!On our return from the theatre we had a night cap, one JD and coke and one Vodka and coke = £20!! Which I even found quite pricey for a London Hotel. The drinks we had with our meal earlier were a reasonable £6 for a red wine and a diet coke!!OverallI would stay at this hotel again for special occasions as it is worthy of it's 4 star rating both in service and food. It is in a prime location for all major tourist sites/theatres/shops.I would not drink in it's lobby bar again due to the prices.	
Sep 26 2007 	Very comfortable beds!	We spent a week at this hotel while we attended a wedding and did a bunch of tourist stuff in London in mid-August '07.Overall, we were very happy and would return again without question.The location is great for all the main central London attractions. We managed to see everything we wanted on this trip by walking and the occasional taxi. It's easy enough to walk from here down to Westminster, the London Eye and south bank, up to Oxford Street, get to all the parks, museums....etc. (The Underground was too much hassle with our pushchair and child!) Next visit we shall be looking for something further east (Tower area) so we can cover the city, docklands, east end and the parts we missed this time without undue travelling times.The room, an executive double, was just about big enough for us all but is clearly designed for business travellers and not tourist families. Our child slept on the folded out sofa which was large and made it a little awkward to get around the room. There was nowhere near enough storage (wardrobe) space in the room but we asked and they provided a mobile rack on which we hung our clothes. This meant there was now even less room to move around! The bathroom on the other hand was massive and well equipped. Best part of the room was the bed, probably the most comfortable hotel bed I've ever slept in. The room was always very clean and well kept.Breakfast was served mostly by Polish staff which was nice as we could talk to them in their own language! Contrary to other reviews here we never had a problem getting a table. The food and service were always top quality. We did not eat any other meals in the hotel as we were out all day and evening, every day.The reception staff were always helpful and the hotel generally gave the impression that it wanted you to relax and enjoy your stay.We took advantage of the internet &quot;summer offers&quot; and managed to get a room price of around 175 GBP per night (including breakfast) versus the approx 300 GBP normal rate. We had to pay the full amount in advance. There were no problems with booking, checking out or any other formalities. We asked for a higher floor to get a view and whilst the view was somewhat sideways, we did get what we asked for.Compared to other London hotels we have stayed in, this was the best so far.	
Sep 14 2007 	Perfect	This hotel is in a perfect location and ritzy area of London. The underground station is 2 blocks away, but you can walk almost to any of the major sites. The room was small, but clean, with a flat panel tv, soft bed, and amazing views. The breakfast has just about everything and was excellent. The staff was always accomodating. This hotel comes highly recommended.	
Aug 24 2007 	Loved the bed	Having recently stayed at many hotels in the center of London this hotel would be amongst the best of them the rooms are big the beds are the most comfartble I have ever slept in and the staff are great. The hotel is in the heart of london close to piccadilly circus and the theatres would highly reccomend this hotel	
Aug 23 2007 	Very pleased that we chose this hotel	Having stayed in many hotels around the world I usually experience something that is not to my liking and find myself thinking/writing &quot;could do better&quot; or &quot;xxxx could be improved&quot;. Having stayed at the Cavendish for 4 nights 09-12 Aug 2007 I can honestly say I have nothing to complain about this time!!Staff = very friendly and helpfulRoom = small but perfectly well equipped, superb view and QUIET. Had everything you could need during a short stay. (shower does throw water all over the bathroom floor though - but not a complaint, just and observation!)Breakfast = Fantastic, excellent bacon and eggs. Service very good. We had to wait to be seated when it was busy on a Sunday, but the staff handled it very well. Bar = Efficient service, could do with expanding the wine selection, but overall a good experience.Location = it's all been said in other reviews. Fab!!Will stay here again when in London. V good value for money.	
Aug 23 2007 	Location location.........	My wife, daughter and I spent three nights at the Cavendish after reading favourable reports of the hotel in this site. We weren't disappointed.The main purpose of the visit was to meet up with friends and relatives as well as the usual touristy/shopping activities and location was important to us. The Cavendish is very well located in a fashionable part of London but only a short walk from Picadilly Circus. In the immediate area around the hotel there are lots of up-market shops including Fortnum and Masons and several gents outfitters. We had booked two rooms which were ready on arrival. We hadn't specified interconnecting rooms when we booked but when we asked if this would be possible the receptionist arranged it for us straight away. We discovered that this level of service was common to all the hotel staff we encountered throughout our stay.The rooms were well appointed, the airconditioning was extremely effective without being too noisy and the beds were comfortable.We would recommend the Superior rooms as they are slightly larger than the Classic, however, apart from the size difference the amenities seemed to be very similar although there was only a shower in the Classic.The breakfasts were excellent with lots of choice and no waiting or queuing.We used the two bars a couple of times but not many other guests appeared to do the same. The prices were high and we would suggest going to the Walkers pub just opposite where the prices are much lower and the food is decent too.All in all we enjoyed our visit and we are likely to return in the future. We recommend the Cavendish highly.	
Aug 16 2007 	A great hotel!	This was our second visit to The Cavendish and once again, it lived up to expectations. Apart from the brilliant location (5 mins from Piccadilly/Leicester Square), the hotel is clean, comfortable and the staff are really friendly. We had a Junior Suite on the top floor with amazing views over London and a huge bathroom. Breakfast was lovely with lots of choice: cereals, pastries, full English etc. We will definitely stay here on our next visit.	
Aug 15 2007	Nice place but check your bills carefully!	This hotel has large rooms compared to other London hotels - but you will pay for them! Location is excellent, and hotel is lovely and clean. Our biggest problem was that after we ate our pre-theatre, fixed-price dinner in the hotel dining room, we noticed there were extra costs added to our bill that were actaully advertised elements of the &quot;fixed price&quot; meal! When we went back to the restaurant to have these &quot;extra costs&quot; removed, there was no apology made, they rushed us out, and in fact they made us feel like we were being a nusiance! No response (other than blinking) either from the front desk staff when we said we were not satisfied with the customer service in the restaurant. Disappointing! Check your bills in London - this type of thing happened a few times to us in 8 days!!	
Aug 14 2007 	Tiny but great location	Very tiny room (Queen-size bed, desk, table and chair filled it) and an even tinier bathroom with a shower/tub that left a fine mist over everything in the bathroom after showering, but it was neat, tidy and clean and OK if you're just one person. What wins guests over is the staff, who are very friendly and helpful, and the location on Jermyn Street across from the back door of Fortnum &amp; Mason and within minutes of such great shops as Waterstone's and the best hat shop in the world (Bates Hatters at 21A Jermyn Street). Will definitely stay there again as a single, but not as a couple.	
Aug 13 2007 	Don't stay here	This hotel used to be part of the De Vere group, but now it is not. The new management are dishonest and rude. I booked three rooms there last year and needed to cancel. Even though I canceled many days in advance of my arrival, they refused to refund any of the rooms. They charged me about $5,000 for the three rooms (maybe more, I can't remember exactly), and I am sure they very quickly rented them to someone else.This was done to me in spite of the fact that the company I run has frequented the hotel on many occasions for numerous staff members. We have spent many thousands of dollars at this hotel. We won't be spending any more money there.Sure the hotel is in a good location. The rooms are OK - not great. But do you really want to give your business to a bunch of crooks?	
Aug 13 2007 	Great location great staff comfortable hotel	Located just behind Fortnum and Mason's, this hotel is a very short walk from Trafalgar Square, Regent Street, Piccadilly Circus, Soho, Horse Guards Parade and many other sights.The building isn't beautiful and the design is not particularly to my taste, but our room (though the wallpaper was showing a bit of wear and tear) was clean and comfortable (good bed, quilt rather than blankets) and the bathroom luxurious (big shower, big towels, nice toiletries). There was an LCD TV and CD player for those who like that sort of thing.If you can get breakfast included in the package, it is well worth having: the buffet covers most of the bases from full Anglo-American to fruitarian.Other nice touches include the kettle, tea, coffee and biscuits in the room and the bottle of mineral water left daily on each bedside table.The multinational staff were unusually pleasant and seemed genuinely eager that guests should enjoy their stay.I get the impression that all guests are treated equally well, regardless of how much they actually paid for the room.We greatly appreciated being able to leave our bags at the hotel for the afternoon after checking out.	
Aug 10 2007 	Modern but Small	Very modern hotel near Piccadilly. Across the street from Fortum &amp; Mason. Large lobby with bar. Room was small with double bed, but clean and updated. Modern bathroom. Staff was helpful and fulfilled requests quickly.	
Aug 8 2007 	Loved The Cavendish	Wow! We have just returned from a two night break in London. After a stressful journey through the London traffic, we were met by the concierge, Nick who was fantastically friendly and welcoming. He calmed us down, arranged for our car to be parked and our suitcases brought to our rooms so effortlessly! The rooms were lovely, clean and stylish. The bed was extremely comfortable, a great nights sleep was definitely possible here and the bedding was nice too! The bathroom was spotlessly clean and the towels were lovely and fresh. The bottle of water at the side of the bed was a nice touch. Air conditioned room which was in full working order. After our great nights sleep, we went for breakfast, which was a veritable feast!! Toast, cereal, cheeses, meat, pastries, full english . . . buffet style, so you could eat as much or as little as you liked. We also had an evening meal on the one night of our stay, which we enjoyed.The hotel, as previously mentioned in other reviews, is in an ideal location for lots of attractions. We walked to Buckingham Palace, the London Eye, Big Ben and the Houses of Parliament (to mention a few). We took a taxi back from Westminster Bridge to the hotel which cost us £6.00. We went on the underground to Harrods (not sure of the cost of this - we had a ticket to hop on and off).All the staff were extremely helpful and friendly. Nothing was too much trouble, from a request for an additional duvet to organising a booking on the London Eye - thanks for making our stay really special. We would love to come again and highly recommend staying at this hotel to anyone.	
Aug 6 2007	Great Location	Booked 3 nights for a late Valentine's treat. Hotel is behind Fortnum and Mason's very near to Green Park, Picadilly and a great base for visiting London. We wanted to see various Art exhibitions, Borough Market and also the areas I lived before I met my husband. The Hotel was immaculate, reception staff very friendly and breakfast was very nice. What a relief to find a deal on a really 4* deluxe hotel. Lovely room and modern bathroom. Only thing I would criticise was the bar - a bit pokey and very pricey but plenty of swanky but cheaper hang outs nearby. I'm sure there are posher hotels but this was a real treat and well worth the money. I do not rough it and have experienced a lot worse hotels in the city at higher prices. Good transport links to most places - buses particularly useful from main Road but having lived in London for 4 years I know my way around. Definitely going back.	
Jul 27 2007 	Central location great hotel	Stayed 2 nights to take in shows and shopping, with a bit of sight seeing. Well placed for all 3. Walking distance to excellent top theatres, variety of restaurants, shopping, Piccadilly Circus, Buckingham Palace, Leicester Square, Trafalgar Square etc. Easy 5 minute walk to tube, which gives access to most sights not in walking distance. Hotel clean and tidy. All staff very friendly and helpful. Public toilets very clean, fresh with nice toiletries and flowers, which is always a mark of a good hotel we think!We upgraded to executive room [1011], so no problems with space in room. We had turn down service every night during the stay. Ok the TVs were not flat screen, but we did not book the hotel to watch TV. The rooms were very ‘boutique’ in design. Our room had separate power shower and bath tub with good toiletries provided, heated towel rail and large bath sheets. Excellent views over London from room, although most rooms seemed to have a view, particularly the higher floors. The 2 rooms either side of the lifts might be too noisy for some, but our door was opposite the lifts and it was never a problem.We booked directly with the hotel, as other sites although offering slightly cheaper deals, only offered a standard room when the hotel offers several levels to suit all.Breakfast [included with our package] was excellent. Buffet and/or cooked to order, even the fresh fruit was nice [something the hotels in UK are not best at]. Can thorough recommend the ‘Eggs Benedict’ or poached egg and ham with hollandaise sauce on a toasted muffin. Did not use the restaurants as too many eateries locally. Use the lobby bar for coffee, which was a nice cup of coffee.The entrance on Jermyn Street is not very well marked until you know what you are looking for [between some very nice gentleman clothes shops], but there is also a [level access] entrance in Duke Street.All in all an excellent time, and would not hesitate to stay here again.P&amp;B M	
Jul 22 2007 	Great Location Great Staff	Stayed here with my wife to visit one of the shows in the west end. The hotel is in the perfect location close to the west end for the shows plus Oxford circus for the shops.The hotel looks the part feels like a top rated hotel, the room was a queen superiour and was just about spot on, room size was ok the bed though was fantasticThe staff were all very helpful and freindly and qucik to serve or answer questionsWe had breakfast at the hotel which is very good and so tasty.I would recomend this hotel to anyhowThe Hotel is on duke street which I think was where the Duchess of Duke street once owned a hotel on this site also called the Cavendish back in the early 1900'sMick	
Jul 15 2007 	Quiet hotel - centre of London	Having stayed in a number of London City centre hotels - its nice to find one that i can finally sleep well in!! The hotel is just around the corner from Picadilly circus - bit is quiet and relaxed so you really feel away from all the hustle and bustle.When we arrived we were informed that our travel agent had booked us the lowest category of room - which is very small (too small) for two people - even though the hotel was fully booked the front desk managed to do some re-allocating of rooms (with people yet to check in) and get us a larger room that suited our needs.Not a huge room - but very comfy with views over to the London Eye, the bed is the nicest i've slept in in London and the air conditioning was fab. Bathrooms - very small but with everything you need and everything was spotless.We were there to renew our work visa's at the US embassy - its only a 15 minute walk from the embassy so nice and easy!When we checked in they offered to add breakfast into our rate for 10 pounds each - we did it and it was a good decision as this was a full english and well worth the money.I'll stay there again without hesitation!!	
Jul 11 2007 	Great boutique hotel - modern decor - fantastic location	Visited London for shopping trip with a friend, booked a Executive Twin Room. The service was very good, and concierge very helpful especially has I left my mobile phone charger at home, they were able to help out. The room itself was a good size, plenty of room to lounge about, had a study desk and sofa with views of the london eye. Beds very comfortable though a bit soft for my liking. Only complaint on the decor is the TV was not a flat screen which would have matched the decor better than the bulky version they had. Had a nice wall mounted cd player.warning about minibar is that all beverages have a plastic dome encasing each drink. If you take it off, you get charged for the drink. To prevent being charged you have to present the beverages at checkout!!!Also other minor detail is that the majority of the bathroom door is frosted panelled but has lines where it is totally see through, so like if you were with a friend staying, you could see them in the bathroom. Luckily in my case, there was a corner area.The night we were staying the next door neighbour was really noisy but other than that, pretty quiet area as Hotel is not on the main road.Breakfast was excellent with a great spread to cater for all tastes. Location is behind Fortum &amp; Mason and close to Oxford Circus so did all my shopping walking, which was great. Great value for money - definitely would stay again and currently doing a summer deal.	
Jul 8 2007 	great location and good hotel	ok so we arrived a 2am room not ready decided to go out for lunch and came back an hour or so later room still not ready, asked if we would wait 10 or so mins no drama, approached the desk after 20 mins room still not ready asked to wait a further 10 mins but within 5 mins we were allocated a different junior suite , no flat screen tv as per website but we were not there to watch tv so still no drama but you should provide what you promote. Staff were courteous and attentive at all times, the real good thing about this hotel is the location and it is value for money for where it is, had breakfast in bed both mornings and had no complaints at all, it was prompt,hot and good quality.Our room was clean and bathroom facilties where above average. We checked out a 12 which maybe the previous guests of our room did not so hence the intial delay. Have seen previous complaints about lift noise, fortunately the lift closest to our room was out of use but we did hear the odd sound like a lift but nothing that would annoy you. Would have no issue staying here again and look forward to doing so.	
Jun 18 2007 	A birthday cake	Just spend the weekend in The Cavendish. Only mentioned once, in my first e-mail, that we want to visit London to celebrate the birthday of my friend. The night we arrived we found a chocolate cake in our room. Compliments for their Reservations Supervisor Bridgette!We booked a twin exec. room. Asked for a room on a high floor. Got a room on the 11th floor (1111). They have 13 floors, the highest floor is numbered 14. Nice views of the London Eye, Big Ben and St. Pauls.A very good and varied breakfast. We haven't used room service and never do. Why should I? I'm not staying in the centre of a city like London to have dinner in a sleeping-room (I hope I don't offend the American reviewers).Clean room, very nice beds, a huge bathroom with nice toiletries (probably of a very famous brand). The location is the main reason to choose this hotel. Five minutes walk to Buckingham Palace, five minutes walk to Eros on Piccadilly Circus, the new A&amp;F store just around the corner at the beginning of Bond Street. Green Park underground only a few hundred meters.	
Jun 8 2007 	Excellent Hotel Brill Location	We have just returned from a weekend theatre break, staying at this hotel booked via Superbreaks. This is a great hotel for the money, particularly if you can get a deal with breakfast included. The location is perfect for walking to the theatre district and loads of the main tourist sights including Buckingham Palace and the London Eye. If you don't fancy walking, Piccadilly Circus tube station is a five minute walk away.The rooms have been stylishly remodelled and although a little small, nothing less than usual for a central London hotel. Nice toiletries and tea/coffee making facilities - very clean and comfortable beds.The breakfast was excellent although may be expensive if not included. Not a problem though because there are plenty of small places to eat nearby, including a Cafe Nero across the streeet. We didn't eat dinner in the hotel. Would say though that the drinks in the bar are very expensive - but again, you don't have to drink there.Definitely highly recommended and we will be returning next time we go to London.	
Jun 5 2007 	Fantastic Hotel!	Just returned from a two night stay. We had to change rooms twice when we arrived - the first time as the room was right next to the lift and then they put us in a room with two twin beds pushed together but moving us was no trouble at all. All the staff were very very helpful. The hotel is in a great location - very close to Piccadilly, Regent Street. Our room was very spacious and clean. The breakfast was amazing. We will definitely return.	
Jun 3 2007 	Great location!	Went on mid-week break with my husband. Location was superb with easy access to West End, Regent and Oxford Street. Staff were friendly and helpful. The room size (we stayed in a queen superior) was suprisingly large for London. Breakfast was also great with part buffet and part a la carte - recommend the eggs Benedict! Would definately recommend and will use again.	
May 26 2007 	Great hotel in fabulous location	This hotel has a fabulous location in the St James area of London and has been significantly refurbished in the last few years creating a stylish decor. The service is very good, everyone is very friendly and efficient. The room we had was very modern and well equipped and very comfortable. The breakfast is a buffet style but there is a very extensive choice of both hot and cold food. The other great thing about this hotel is the garage where you can park your car at a cost which is reasonable for this part of London.	
May 23 2007 	Great hotel	As a frequent London visitor this is my favourite hotel so far. The location is great, about as central as you can get but quiet enough that you can sleep at night. The rooms are nicely decorated, modern without being clinical and I've never had one without an excellent view. Beds very comfortable and bathrooms are clean and well designed. Staff were happy to help out with minor issues like a forgotten toothbrush and in general are very polite and helpful. It might be coincidence but on several occasions I have had the same room when staying in this hotel. Anyone travelling on business will know it's not the same sleeping in a strange place and in my experience this really helped.Room service food was good, not a great selection of side orders or veg but for a few days it is enough. You're in the centre of London so if you don't like what's there you have plenty of other options!	
May 23 2007	Smart Cavendish	My daughter and I stayed 7 nights at the Cavendish and loved it!. We booked a superior twin thru the hotel website and got a fabulous prepaid rate including breakfast. We had room 911(!) witha fab view of the London Eye. Our room was clean, comfortable and spacious by European standards. Nice comfy beds with down comforters The bathroom was great too with a wonderful, deep tub, seperate shower with grohe fixtures, plenty of room. Nice bath ammenities by Gilcrest &amp; Soames. The concierge was helpful and kind and the staff were all very nice. I liked the turndown service and fresh towels twice a day is a luxury. The area is nice with several friendly pubs and a EAT right down a side street, nice not to fight the crowds on Piccadilly, a Tesco 2 blocks away. The drawbacks? Not many, while I didn't hear noise from either of the adjacent rooms the hall noise was noticable, but that was minor and not at all a issue, it would be nice to have satellite T.V but watching english T.V is interesting and we only watched maybe 15 min a day anyway. We used the safe and the coffee making supplies each day ( Nice walkers biscuts replenished every day too). If you choose to stay here you will not be disappointed. Lovely hotel.	
May 21 2007 	Very nice hotel great views	We stayed in a superior queen room, breakfast included, for 139 GBP (advance purchase rate). The room was on the small size but very nice with modern decor. The bathroom was very large. We had requested a room on a high floor with a view and received a room on the 11th floor with great views of the Eye and Big Ben. The only thing the room lacked was storage room- the closet only had a couple of very small shelves and there were no drawers in any of the furniture. Other than that, it was a great location close to Piccadilly Circus and in easy walking distance of great shopping, the West End theatre district, Westminster Abbey, Buckingham Palace, and the Eye. Two tube stations are very close. It was easy to get to Heathrow via the Piccadilly line. We also purchased tickets to several attractions from the concierge to save time waiting in line. Breakfast was excellent (a full menu to choose from) and you had the option of having it brought up to your room. Overall, a great hotel that I highly recommend.	
Apr 25 2007 	Incredible experience- loved the Cavendish!!!!	We stayed there for 3 nights to celebrate my 40th birthday. We were given a room on the 14th floor with a magnificent view of Westminster Abbey and the London Eye. The staff could not have been more pleasant or helpful- the concierge managed to get us same day theatre tickets to a sold out show! The concierge also gave us two wonderful (lunch and dinner) recommendations that were absolutely wonderful! Breakfast each morning was great- there was a buffet but we could also order off the full menu.I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting London- there was not a detail overlooked.	
Apr 21 2007 	Not impressed	Plusses: location, and a modern decor. Minuses: have to pay extra for internet usage (20 pounds a day!), limited facilities (no gym), very noisy rooms (most rooms have a connecting door that is locked but far from soundproof. Had to ask for a different room at midnight as the people next door were talking in a group not extremely noisy but as I said no soundproofing.For 200 pounds (400 USD) I expected something a little better. Also, my room had a CD player but honestly, who travels with CDs? something to plug in an MP3 player would eb much more useful.	
Apr 19 2007 	Fantastic Hotel	Stayed with a friend at the Cavendish for two nights in April.Fantastic hotel, very modern in decor, with a great location just off Picadilly Circus. Great for getting around London.The hotel was lovely, spacious bedrooms and bathrooms (not so sure about the glass door to the bathroom though!). Loads of facilities in the bedroom - tv, cd player, iron &amp; board, minibar and the only hospitality tray I've ever come across that included a teapot and wine glasses. The reception staff and concierge were exceedingly helpful and could not do enough for you.Breakfast was great with plenty of choice of hot and cold food although there was a wait for a table on Saturday morning - but only had to wait 5 minutes.Also tried the pre-theatre dinner one night which was a bargain at £15 for two courses and the food was excellent.Would stay at this hotel again and would personally recommend it to my friends.	
Apr 17 2007 	Lovely hotel great staff	2 of us stayed at the hotel for Bank Holiday Weekend. Just a short distance walk from where all the action was e.g. Plays etc.You can book in about 2 or 3pm but we arrived early (1pm) and they let us check in and we got a room on the 12th floor. Not a great view but at the end of the corridor there was a fab view of the Wheel and London.The bedrooms are quite small but lovely TV's/Beds/Bathrooms and especially the shower!!I would absoloutely recommend The Cavendish to anyone looking for a great hotel with excellent service!!	
Apr 12 2007 	Enjoyed our stay at the Cavendish	My husband and I stayed at this hotel whilst spending some time in London sightseeing with my friend over from America.I was very impressed with the hotel, spacious rooms with nice, modern decor. Clean, bright bathrooms. Nice reception area, well lit and welcoming, friendly staff on reception. We got there at about 12noon and check in was not until around 2pm but our room was already ready and they were happy to give us the keys straight away.Lovely location and many an hour was spent browsing at Fortnum and Mason, right across the street. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay here, it's in a nice part of London - close to the tube.Drinks in the bar were expensive but somewhat to be expected, hotel bar prices in London have always been high in my experience.	
Apr 11 2007 	Kindness of staff	We arrived 2 hours before check in time, but the very friendly and smily receptionist welcomed us and told us we would not have to pay for the upgrade to a superior twin which I had requested on the phonethe previous day. We only stayed one night, but it was a special theatre break for my daughter and myself. On the second morning I felt really ill having contracted a chest infection before our visit.My daughter asked if we could stay in our room so that I could rest until our bus departed in the afternoon and they very kindly said that would be fine. During our stay we had many opportunities to speak to staff and they were all unfailingly welcoming and polite. Our room was comfortable and spotlessly clean. We would certainly return to this lovely hotel which is very well positioned for all the attractions of theatreland and Leicester Square.	
Apr 6 2007 	Great Location	Fantastic Hotel - So close to Green Park tube station and within walking distance of oxford and regent street. Rooms very clean and if you are feeling lazy like we did - the room service is expensive but well worth it.There is a lovely little bar just inside the entrance - have recommended to friends and family and would defientely stay there again!	
Apr 4 2007 	Fine Hotel	Location, location, location!! Superb location is the greatest plus. This hotel was a block or two from Green Park Station and Picadilly, walking distrance to everything, pleasant street full of shops and across street from Fortnum and Mason.The hotel is lovely, good modern room with superb beddiing, clean, big bathsheets and modern bath. Toiletries were good. Concierge was helpful.Only negative was cost of internet access which was exhorbitant but it was a necessity. Everyone was pleasant, helpful. We got the wrong room but they changed it to our upgraded we had requested. Cost was high but that is London. We did not use the restaurant as the neighborhood was full of restaurants. No noice problem. View was of the London Eye but was obstructed.	
Apr 3 2007 	fabulous hotel	just returned from the cavendish after staying one night on a girly weekend.The decor of the hotel is very modern first impressions were a very clean modern hotel. The staff were very friendly and helpful, we arrived well before check in time 10am and one of two rooms booked was ready for us to check in to. the room was on the 12th floor and wow what a veiw, we could see the london eye, big ben, st pauls houses of p and westminster cathedral . The room was excellent we had a twin room it was very clean and light and airy. Facilities within room was great the hairdrier was a full sized turbo dryer better than mine at home!! CD player great for geting ready for night out with music. location excellent it took us 8 mins from hotel to piccidilly circus tube station.Breakfast was fab they serve till 12miday on saturday and sunday fab if you've been out late at night and need a lie in the next day. everything you could ask for at breakfast all hot and cooked well. my only moan if is it is one was albeit the staff were very helpfull the did look a tiny bit scruffy .	
Mar 31 2007 	Love The Cavendish!!!	This was my second time staying at the Cavendish. The first being in January for 3 nights.On my first visit, first impressions of the hotel were brilliant. Very modern, luxurious and the staff were brilliant. I stayed there for my 21st birthday. My mum rang up a couple of days before and said that it was a special occasion, so they gave us a better room with a fantastic view (of the London Eye - may I add) and brought us a yummy chocolate cake!! Our stay was excellent and I liked it so much I went back in March.Second visit - stayed for 1 night on 23rd March for my other friends 21st birthday. Again check in and service was brilliant. Our rooms were on the 14th floor with excellent views. Upon arrival I asked the receptionist if there was anything special we could have for my friend. 10 minutes later we had a chocolate cake delivered. My friends loved the hotel also!!The hotel is centrally located, just minutes away from Piccadilly, Leicester Square, Regent Street &amp; Oxford Street. The rooms were excellent - nice comfortable beds.My only disappointment on my second visit was that my room was next the lift shaft. It was very noisy throughout the night. Didn't get a wink of sleep. If I had of been staying for more than 1 night I would have asked to move rooms! Other than that everything was brilliant! Will definitely be going back to The Cavendish!!	
Mar 26 2007 	Fantastic Location Friendly Staff Good Value	My wife and I stayed at the Cavendish for the first time in March, but it exceeded our expectations and we will definitely stay there again. By booking with the hotel's own web site a few weeks before our trip we got an Advance Purchase Rate of £139 for a Superior room on a Saturday night, with a queen-sized bed, bath/shower, and full buffet breakfast. The hotel was easy to find and less than 5 minutes walk from Piccadilly Circus tube station - a perfect location for all the central London attractions. We arrived 9.30am, way before official check-in time, hoping to store our bags whilst we explored London. However, since a room was available, we were allowed to check in straight away and were given a room on the 14th floor with a wonderful panoramic view of the city. The hotel is taller than most buildings in the area so you can see for miles from the upper floors. The room was clean and comfortable with contemporary fittings, and included a CD player and large flat-screen TV. The bathroom was very nice, with a good range of complimentary toiletries. Not sure about the see-through glass door though... not good for privacy when, erm, answering the call of nature! Our room was right next to the lift shaft, which we thought might be a problem at night since I'm a very light sleeper and we aren't &quot;night owls&quot;. As it turned out, however, the lift noise wasn't very intrusive and didn't prevent us from getting a good night's sleep in the comfy bed. The buffet breakfast was excellent, with a good selection of hot and cold foods, and all the serving staff were very friendly and quick to help. It was also available right from 7am to 12pm at the weekend (6.30am-10.30am midweek). However, if the buffet had not been included in our room rate we would probably have eaten elsewhere since it's a hefty £21 per person if bought separately. On the day we checked out we were able to leave our bags with the consierge at no charge until we were ready to leave London that evening. All in all we were really pleased with the hotel, and found all the staff to be genuinely friendly, cheerful and helpful. We would have no hesitation in returning, or with recommending it to others.	
Mar 21 2007 	Perfect Location!!!	We stayed at the Cavendish for a weekend break in London (9th - 11th March). The hotel is in a superb location, opposite Fortnum &amp; Mason, on the quiet Jermyn Street. Most of the places that we visited were within walking distance, and being able to walk to and from the Theatre for Mary Poppins on Friday night, was a definite plus. We also walked to and from Covent Garden, Buckingham Palace and Westminister. If you plan to do a lot of different places in one day, then I would recommend buying a day ticket for the tube, I think this was around £5.50, bargain!Breakfast at weekends can be very busy, but to be fair, when we checked in the staff were very friendly and polite and gave us a little leaflet detailing their Theatre Menu and a recommendation that if we were on a tight schedule, they recommend you come down for breakfast before 9 or after 11. Now on Sat morning, we didn't heed this and waited about 20mins for a table, but on Sun morning, we arrived at about 8:45 and were seated immediately. Bring your free newspaper if you can't make it down before 9! It was outside our door on both mornings.Good array of food at breakfast, cereals, fruit, meats and cheeses. Fresh fruit juice, pastries and Scrambled eggs, bacon, sausages, mushrooms and tomatoes were also available from the buffet. You could order an array of hot breakfasts from the menu (including english muffin with poached egg, kippers, fried eggs etc.). As is the norm, toast and tea/coffee were delivered to your table. Again staff were very friendly and polite!The room was very modern and exactly what we like. Lovely bathroom with bath (superior queen room) powerful shower (not separate) and a lovely glass wash hand basin (and loo of course!) Lovely large fluffy towels and really nice smellies too, which are always a bonus. Room was small, but in most of the cities that we have stayed in, this has been the case, even the Waldorf in NY. Good supply of tea/coffee and biccies, in room safe, 1800w hairdryer and mini-bar! All in all, I could not recommend this hotel highly enough. Superb service from excellent staff, a fabulously comfy bed in a &quot;small yet perfect&quot; room and a 1st class location. What more could you want for a weekend in London?	
Mar 19 2007 	Great hotel if slightly compact!	Have just returned from a one night stay at The Cavendish and having read the previous reviews on this hotel I felt quite prepared on what to expect. On arrival we found the staff to be very welcoming and helpful. We were offered the option of an early check-in rather than leaving our bags with the concierge, but were informed that the room would be next to the lift, so we declined and decided to wait for an alternative.When we were allocated our room, we found it to be very clean, and nicely decorated. It was slightly on the small size, but I suppose this is standard of the hotels in this price bracket in London, although the bathroom was a good size and the room had everything you could need. The view was great - we were on the 12th floor - and could see the London Eye and Big Ben from our window. Breakfast the next day was fine and was served all morning, which was excellent if you needed a lie-in! We only had to wait a couple of minutes for a table to be prepared. The cooked breakfast wasn't to my liking, but there was plenty of other choices on offer and the staff were very attentive, asking us if we required re-fills etc.Overall, you cannot fault the location of this hotel (5-10 mins walk to Piccadilly or Leicester Square), and if you get a good room rate, which we did direct with the hotel, you should really enjoy your stay.	
Mar 13 2007 	such a let down	We read the reviews on trip advisor and were really looking forward to staying here. We visit london 5 or 6 times a year and have stayed in a number of hotel and chose this one as we wanted to stay in a different area. We found the staff here almost arrogant in dealings with guests.Our order of champagne in the room on arrival was ignored and then delievered after an hour, with little apology. The room was plesantly decorated, small as are most london hotel rooms, very clean, and the maids were very kind and helpful.The connecting door( which was ofcourse closed) meant we could hear every word the people in the next room said, even during normal conversation; being woken at 4.30 am by a couple returning next door did not make the 30 minete wait to be seated at breakfast any the more bearable. The lobby decore wasn't to our taste, but we loved the buildings on Germyn street, and the amazing Fortnum and Mason was as always a pleasure to shop in. In short the best thing about this hotel is it's location, the worst is the front of house staff's atitude.	
Mar 7 2007 	Very Nice	I stayed here for 3 weeks on business and I found it very comfortable and convenient. No issues at all with the hotel, it was clean, service was good and the location was excellent..being only about a 10 min walk to Piccadilly Circus.The room was a reasonable size for a London hotel. I had a comfortable Queen size bed. Finding a good London hotel in a good location can be difficult I know(I travel there frequently) but you will not be disappointed in the Cavendish.	
Mar 6 2007	Comfort at the Cavendish	Just returned from a weekend stay at the Cavendish and must say that we really enjoyed it. Check-in was easy and efficient and before the stated time. Our room 803 was what we expected - clean, fresh, modern and comfortable. The bathroom, although small, had both bath and shower and plenty of toiletries provided.At the concierge desk we spoke to Nick who was extremely courteous and helpful, managing to get us best seats for the next day's performance of The Tempest! He also arranged restaurant bookings for us and just couldn't do enough to help us!At breakfast on both mornings the staff were very friendly and attentive to our every need, as indeed we noticed they were with everyone in the restaurant and it was a pleasure to sit there looking out over Fortnum and Mason and enjoying a delicious breakfast.We were sorry to leave the hotel yesterday morning and, complementingthe duty manager on his excellent staff, we promised to return in the near future!	
Mar 5 2007 	A fantastic hotel	Well, we had an executive twin opposite the lifts and so did our other two sets of friends and, although you can hear the lift - it resembled a distant room using a tap - we had no problem with the noise. Great room and tea coffee selection. Amazing bathroom. Breakfast was fantastic and the cook to order smoked salmon and egg muffin is to be recommended. The weekend breakfast times were superb too. A lot of flexability. The location is within easy walking distance of many of the West End theatres and literally just around the corner from Piccadilly. The beds were the most comfortable ever. Our friends were allocated a floor 12 executive twin and had the most wonderful view.I cannot think of anything that wasn't spot on.	
Feb 19 2007 	Style over substance - as I said before.	I left a fairly bad review here before and have stayed there about 4 more times since then - the location and the price made me want to warm to this place! And I did, but only a tiny bit. To be fair, it is cheaper than most places in the area, great location and all rooms have nice biscuits, kettle and wide tea and coffee selection - not a given anymore. It is clean and clearly taken care of... HOWEVER it has lots of problems and I maintain that if they spent a little less effort on making it look like it is a class above what it is and more effort on the basics and service it would be MUCH better- I always ask for a room far from the lifts when I book, but always need to remind them of this when I check in. It is very very very noisy being beside or opposite the lifts. (the lifts are also very slow)- On my last trip I was checked into an OCCUPIED room (right beside the lifts of course)... yes, I was greeted by men's underpants on the floor... system error, the robotic staff told me. They really have no character; all seem very inexperienced and, well, just getting through the day. The uniforms are so sloppy too. I'm sure they think they're trendy. I got such a feeling of insecurity from walking into someone elses room that I think this is the last straw for me.- The beds are OK (only OK) but the duvet is quite light and there are no extra blankets in the room. I prefer an extra blanket to turning on the heat but it is too cold here.- There is no luggage rack in the rooms; you have to put your case on the bed or the floor - annoying and unncessary.- Room service: The menu is boring and the food poor - a caeser salad consists of crap lettuce with globby mayonnaise-type dressing. The gourmet prawn sandwich had 3 prawns, a few bits of lettuce and some mayonnaise on sliced pan. The menu said 'hand-cut chips', I got crappy crisps... it's a hotel in England so I expect English English and that chips therefore means chips. Side salad was a pile of assorted leaves, not cut and no dressing. I also got no cutlery or serviette last time I was there. No finesse, not worth it.- Some of the rooms are TINY. Whe I go for the larger rooms they are generously proportioned and much nicer.I give up. It's not an awful place but they have issues which i think are avoidable but it's the same every time.. it's frustrating, it could be better. if you're going privately and watching the purse strings, it's fine... as long as you go for a room on a high floor (nice views) and AWAY FROM THE LIFTS.	
Feb 13 2007 	Superb hotel. Do not pay attention to the bad reviews!!	We looked around for weeks to locate a well located. 'modern' decor hotel in London. So many hotels are either decorated in the 'old school' or absolutely miniscule in terms of room size and charge a bomb due to location. After booking and cancelling many, many hotels, we finally located the Cavendish. Needless to say we had not stayed here before and were quite aprehensive. Arriving early christmas day morning didnt help as the hotel has virtually no street presence and our driver couldnt tell where we had to stop. We did work it out very quickly though and were ushered straight up to our room (even though we were at least 4 hours early for check in).Our bags were brought to our room immediately and we had the most amazing view of big ben, the london eye, buckingham palace and london generally from our huge wall size window!!! We have stayed in London a few times and were surprised by the tremdenous view we managed to snag on this stay. The room we booked was superior and trust me, we have booked superiors etc. before in the UK and they have been nowhere near the size of this particular room, which was absolutely perfect!! It had a great marble-esq (I think it may have been vitrafied tiles) bathroom with a large tub and was tremendous!!We had room service due to our significant jetlag on our first night which was well priced and came really quickly. We dined in the restaurant (which had a pre-theatre really cheap menu available - (which we took advantage of)) one of the other 5 nights during our stay and were amazed by the quality, friendly service and price of the food!! The breakfasts were superb! We were always served immediately. Asked if we wanted coffee, fresh toast etc. and the buffet was constantly re-filled with lovely freshly cooked bacon, fresh fruit, eggs and UK fav's such as haggis etc. Th staff made sure they sat people away from each other (a change from usual hotels where they cram as many as they can into one space so as to restrict staff efforts)The reception/concierge staff were always extraordinarily friendly and happy to provide hints on where to eat, go etc. and the location was absolutely SUPERB!! Very easy walk to Harrods, Picaddily circus, Oxford circus, Shafetsbury (theatres), Trafalgar Square, Buckingham Pallace/Hyde Park, Big Ben, Parliament, etc.. all within 5-10 mins walk!! (which the most un00fit person can do!!) Although you should catch an underground train to tower station (if going to london tower)Having stayed at several other places in London and forking over big dollars for transport to the various attractions. I cannot recommend highly enough the Cavendish. You absolutely must stay here!!	
Feb 12 2007 	Pleasant and stylish stay	Booked a standard room direct with the hotel for £140. I consider this an average price for an average london hotel (ie Thistle, De Vere etc), so was pleasantly suprised by an above average experience. Entrance on Jermyn St is restrained to the point of being invisible. We were in a taxi, so were dropped off at the door. If we had been on foot I'm sure we would have walked past it a couple of times before noticing!Checkin was swift and hassle-free, though our room was not ready at 11am the concierge took care of our luggage. We did a spot of shopping on nearby bond st, had a bite of lunch, then returned at 1.30 to find our room ready for us.Room was standard london size -- not huge, but big enough. Bathroom was excellent, very clean and bright with excellent shower . Bedroom was nicely decorated, though a bit too much black and chrome for my taste -- in good order though. On thing I would say was that it was a little dim, no main light, just lamps. Could have done with at least one more lamp. Could see the London Eye from our room.One lift out of three was out of action, but this was apparently down to scheduled maintenance.We were given a note on checkin explaining that because the hotel was fully booked, breakfast was expected to be very busy, especially between 9 and 11 (served 7 to 12). We are early risers, so went down around 7.30 and it was very pleasant. A smattering of others, and a window table for 2 so we could watch the world outside coming to life. Standard buffet breakfast, but with fresh eggs served at your table. Acceptable quality, but nothing to write home about. Nice decor in breakfast room (which doubles as restaurant).Can't comment on the restaurant other than that, as we dined at Le Caprice, just a short walk around the corner. Very nice it was too.	
Feb 8 2007 	Fantastic little gem	Lovely little hotel with a fantastic location. Right off Piccadilly lies Jermyn Street and this hotel which looks rather inconspicuous from the outside. Pros:Excellent locationGood bathroom size (Superior Room)Quick room service and bar serviceFriendly staff and knowledgeable conciergeCons:Expensive (but huge and customisable) breakfastLounge service is terribly expensive and service is incredibly slow and stuffy (I'd written an entire agenda for a 2 hour meeting before I was even approached to take my order!)Check-in was painless, though there was a bit of a queue. My room was, however, ready for me more than three hours before my check-in time.Rooms were a fair size, not as huge as they looked on the website, but the bathroom was lovely. After phoning for an iron to be sent up, I waited rather a long time, but housekeeping were so apologetic. When I had the iron set up, there wasn't much room to move around the bed and desk areas. The wireless internet is through the roof, but is capped at a £20 daily maximum, thankfully.Room Service at no extra cost, which was useful - brings it alongside normal room service prices - the lounge was rather expensive.Right where I wanted to be in London and close to two tube stations (about equidistant). I believe I got a good rate on the room, at £140 a night, it was worth that for a night or two's stay in London, but anything more, it's a bit overpriced.If I could get a similar price and I was staying for a short break, then I'd definitely stay again.	
Feb 6 2007 	Can't Help But Be Disappointed	After reading the reviews I was really looking forward to staying at this hotel. As I was staying with my Mum I had booked a twin room. You can imagine how surprised I was when I checked in and discovered we had been allocated a very small room (even by London standards) with a queen size bed.I phoned reception and spoke to the member of staff who had checked us in. I explained politely that I had booked a twin room and she told me that I had not and that the system showed I had requested a room with one queen bed.I advised the member of staff that I had a copy of the email sent to me by the hotel which clearly showed I had reserved a twin room. She told me to come down to reception but stated again that I had asked for a queen bedded room.When we got back down to reception I showed her the emailed confirmation and she still disputed what I had reserved saying that the system quite clearly showed I had asked for a queen bedded room.I asked to be put in a twin room as I had proof that was what I had reserved only to be told there were none available unless I paid an additional £30 to upgrade. I queried this and managed to get the charge reduced to £20 but was and still am, unhappy at having to pay to rectify a mistake that the hotel had made.The walls are paper thin and you can hear every word of any conversation your neighbours may be having so unless you talk in whispers they can hear yours. If your room is near the lift, you'll be disturbed throughout the night by people coming and going.I remembered some advice from a previous post recommending breakfast in bed - we did this and had no problems - breakfast was delivered on time and was hot and everything we had ordered was on the tray. After breakfast, we tried to take a look at the main breakfast room but couldn't get near for the mass of people waiting to be allocated a table. When we came to checkout, I had been charged an upgrade fee of £30 and not £20 as agreed - this was corrected without argument although as I said earlier I don't think it was acceptable that I had to pay to correct the hotel's mistake.If you don't mind smoke-filled public areas, paying more for your room if the hotel makes a mistake and bedrooms with paper thin walls then this is the hotel for you.However, if you prefer public areas that are smoke free, a hotel that will not make you pay when you are not in the wrong and sound-proofed rooms then you may have a more enjoyable stay elsewhere.	
Jan 28 2007 	Well sited for exploring London. Helpful staff	Stayed for 1 night on a business trip. Upgraded on arrival to a non-smoking double room.The concierge was really helpful and very polite - even when being forced to multi-task! The room was well-appointed and good value. English breakfast reasonable for a Central London hotel.Underground car park is a very useful facility. I left my car for a night and business day for £35. I'm not sure whether that's good value or not; but very convenient.I would stay again.	
Jan 24 2007 	Just as good the second time around	I have previously reviewed this hotel (Nov.2005) and recommended it highly at that time to other Trip Advisor members.Wanting to visit London again, I thought it prudent to take my own advice and once more booked into the Cavendish.As before the stay was comfortable, efficient and good value for such a central and prestigious location. Breakfast was great and the concierge staff were genuinely helpful - thanks Tommy!The best thing about it is that St. James and Jermyn St. are so close to all attractions, yet set back from the madness of Piccadilly. The proximity of the hotel to some of the best shopping and London pubs certainly does no harm either.Again – highly recommended.	
Jan 15 2007 	Great hotel	Only stayed here for one night to take in a show. Wish it could have been longer! Hotel was clean and tidy, staff so friendly and informal, but very efficient. Room had everthing in it, plenty of tea, coffee, etc and even bottled water. Had a problem with our bathroom, but phoned reception and someone was there within minutes. Breakfast was plentiful and varied. Hotel itself is in a great location and would highly recommend it.	
Jan 14 2007 	Non Smokers Beware.	Do not go to this hotel if you are a non-smoker or you want your breakfast at a time to suit you.Myself and wife, and Daughter and Son in Law spent one night at the Cavendish, having pre-booked two non smoking rooms. We were both allocated smoking rooms and only after lengthy complaints, and therefore delays (which spoiled our tight timetable) were we moved to non smokers. I really don't think this would have happened at all had the duty manager not discoverd we were from the same part of the country as him.A later letter of complaint to the General Manager resulted in a response informing me that &quot;They did not guarantee non smoking rooms&quot; (this was the first we heard of that) there was not even an apology.I hadn't even bothered to complain about the ridiculous breakfast situation at this hotel. Clearly they cannot cope with this process which seemed to have taken them by surprise on the morning were there. I suspect the 20 minute wait we experienced is pretty much a daily event	
Jan 9 2007 	Best breakfasts	Stayed here over New Year - great location, managed to find cheap rates for the two days (although its expensive again now) - the breakfast was amazing. Room wasn't large, but it was good enough. Bar expensive, but all London hotels are. Wanted to go back again, but it was hard to get a good price.	
Jan 7 2007 	Excellent location	My girlfriend and I stayed at the Cavendish for 3 nights from the 2nd of January. We fonud the staff to be very polite and helpful and every need we had was catered for quickly. The room we stayed in was a superior double on the 9th floor. It was an average sized room and was well furnished.The bedding was very comfortable and the televison had Sky Sports. Which is always a bonus!The location could not be faulted: A stones throw away from Picadilly Circus and opposite Fortnum and Mason. Also, a little way down the road was a very convenient tesco allowing us to afford lunch!Fantastic stay.	
Jan 5 2007 	Adequate	My husband and I stayed at the Cavendish on the 3rd of January for 1 night. We arrived and were immediately greeted by the concierge and the receptionist was very friendly and polite. The room was, shall we say very compact but very clean and the towels provided were bath sheets not the usual small threadbare ones provided in some hotels. The toiletries were the usual standard - Gilchrist and Soames. The plumbing in the bathroom left a lot to be desired. The toilet did not flush properly and the water for the wash hand basin took ages to drain away. The shower was an acceptable size and the water pressure was excellent. The mini bar was well stocked but be careful not to pick anything up as there are sensors fitted.Breakfast was very disorganised, we had to wait to be seated and ask for everything we required - avoid the scramble egg at all costs.However, the location is superb, 5 minutes walk to the tube and Fortnum's across the road.I don't think we would stay here again as we like a little more space in a room and a more organised breakfast experience.	
Jan 5 2007 	Good value for money	Overall very good value for money. We payed £92 B&amp;B with an upgrade if available, which we got. The room was an executive room, it was comfortable, but quite small even with a lounge area. The breakfast was excellent as were all the staff who were very helpful. Excellent location opposite Fortnum and Masons.	
Jan 4 2007 	A no-brainer for the location	I have lived in London, and now travel quite a bit to Europe from my homebase in NY. The Cavendish has had a very nice facelift and it just can't be beat for the convenience. It is steps away from Piccadilly Circus, or you could head west towards Green Park and Mayfair. I did not eat in the hotel, as the neighborhood has lots to offer just steps away on St James' or east towards Soho. I had a deluxe room on the 8th Floor, it was nicely sized, with a huge powerful shower, which is quite extraordinary for London or anywhere else in Europe. The only drawback was no fitness facilities.	
Jan 3 2007 	Amazing Experience	The Cavendish is an amazing hotel. My partner and I travel frequently and we found this to be one of the best experiences that we've ever had. The size of the room was nice and the view was phenomenal. We were able to see the entire New Years fireworks display from our bedroom window. The breakfast was very good and the shopping on Jermyn street was fantastic. Close to tube. Would definitely stay here again on our next trip to London.	
Jan 1 2007 	Great hotel	Have just returned from 4 nights in London, 2 of which we spent at the Cavendish. Arrived at 10am Thusday morning not expecting to get the room but we did. The staff were very polite and efficient and the book-in procedure swift. Our room was on the ninth floor and was very small but had everything we needed. Breakfast was not ideal in the fact that you had to wait in the lounge area until you were called to an available table. However, again the staff were polite and efficient.  Mayfair was a delight to behold with the fabulous Christmas decorations and window displays and the Cavendish is a great hotel to stay, easy-going, friendly and , if you get a deal, excellent value for money!	
Dec 31 2006 	"Great Location"	The location of the Hotel is second to none for anyone wanting to be in the heart of the West End. We stayed on the 9th floor overlooking Westminster. There was very little outside noise,however as in previous reviews the walls are thin, so expect some noise from your neighbours. This should not detract from the fact that the hotel is very clean and the staff we encountered were all very pleasant and helpful. If you get a good deal, as we did, you cant complain. We would recommend this hotel and would not hesitate to book it when we come to London again. An ideal place to stay if visiting the Theatre.	
Dec 30 2006 	Fab Modern Hotel	Just spent 3 nights at this hotel. We stayed on the 12th Floor in a Superior Double Room. Room and Bathroom were spotless and lovely big shower - no bath but that didn't bother us. Yes, the rooms are not massive but plenty big enough for 2 and from what we gather most hotel rooms in London are of similar size. Very comfortable though and also had flat screen TV and CD player. Very centrally located hotel, 5 mins from Bond Street and 5-10 mins from Picadilly, 5 mins walk from Green Park Tube Station.Breakast was very good, English breakfast and Continental with lovely selection of fresh fruits and you could also choose from the menu: eggs benedict, smoked salmon and scrambled eggs etc. When we checked in we were advised we could have breakfast in bed at no extra cost - do not know if this was just because the hotel was fully booked or if it is normal but we took advantage of it and treated ourselves to breakfast in bed. Food arrived bang on time, plentiful, hot and cannot fault it at all.Overall would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to anyone. We got a great deal via Superbreaks, 3 nights for the price of 2, worked out at just under £80 a night for a double room.	
Dec 15 2006 	Favourite business-class hotel	This is definitely my favourite hotel to stay in while doing business travel in London. The staff is top-notch, the rooms are clean and updated (I have always been fortunate to stay in the post-rennovation rooms), the beds are heavenly and the bedding is new and soft ... even the toiletries are plush!!On my last visit, Expedia had booked us into the wrong room class (we were given a room with a single bath/shower, and we reserved the room type with a separate bath and shower). So after some back&amp;forth, they put us in the right room. It was nice that they honoured what we paid for, even though the records did not reflect it.The only drawback is that you have to walk a bit to get to a tube stop, but that is a small price to pay to be so close to so many amazing attractions.There are a TON of great restuarants close-by, a fun pub across the street with a pool table, and more clothing stores than you can wave a credit card at!! :-)So, why not give it a try? A bit expensive (the only drawback), but definitely worth it.	
Dec 4 2006 	fantastic!!	The cavendish is an excellent hotel in a very swish part of london but close to the main centre. It is trendy and modern and staff were very helpful and polite. Situated in mayfair just around the corner from the ritz it is ideally situated away from the hustle and bustle. we were on the 12th floor and had spectacular views over the whole of central london. We had no problems from road noise as mentioned in other posts but we were quite high up. Green Park tube is near the Ritz and Picadilly Tube was 5 min walk away so we explored the city with ease. Buckingham Palace is also just a short walk away through the pleasant Green Park, and Big Ben and Westminster were one tube station away. I would definately stay here again, the breakfast was superb if not a little busy but the quality did not suffer nor did the service from the staff. The only downside was the room size, i must admit they are a little on the small size and i was in a queen superior room, next time i would pay the money to upgrade to something a little larger.	
Dec 4 2006 	Faultless Hotel	We stayed at the Cavendish for 4 nights. We arrived and were greeted by the doorman who took our bag to reception where a friendly (Polish?) gentleman checked us in.We were on the 7th floor with some good views over the city.The room was an Executive room which was very comfortable and the bed is one of the comfiest I have ever slept in. Although everywhere says it's a king-size, it seemed much bigger than my own king-size.The staff were friendly, the food was great and our stay was great.The Cavendish is one of the nicest places I have stayed and one of the few where I have felt comfortable and &quot;at home&quot;.Location is on Jermyn Street just off Piccadilly st. Jermyn Street is a &quot;Gentlemans street&quot; very posh suits/clothing available, cigar shops, Fortnum &amp; Mason and Alfred Dunhill.It seems very posh but is down to earth, even having a &quot;Express tesco&quot; on the corner of the street (down from Piccardilly circus).The hotel is a short walk away from GREEN PARK tube station , theatre land, Piccardilly Circus, Leicester Square, Buckingham Palace.I would give the hotel 11 out of 10 and the location 15 out of 10, it is really that good.I would definatley go back and stay at the Cavendish. Infact I didn't want to come home, it was that good.	
Dec 3 2006	Good value if you get it discounted	Stayed here for two nights this past weekend, having taken advantage of their special Xmas rate. If one is able to get this hotel at a special rate then the unbeatable location and service make this hotel very good value indeed. If I'd been paying rack rates, however, I'd have been disappointed. As others have mentioned, the soundproofing needs to be upgraded. Not only could I hear my neighbour's TV, I could tell straight off exactly what they were watching! And I too had scrambled eggs from the buffet that were cold. I wised up the 2nd morning and asked for boiled eggs, which were cooked to order and therefore hot when they arrived. And this is a small thing, but irksome nonetheless: there was no hook in the bathroom to hang a bathrobe and/or toiletries bag. The rooms are small, but that's typical for London. Mine was clean and well-decorated, though the carpet could have done with a steam-clean: it was grubby at the edges. I was on the side of the hotel with the terrific view, which I appreciated, especially at night (the London Eye is particularly lovely lit up at night). My bathroom was very clean, and I loved the power shower, but the drainage in my shower was very sluggish, so I was in danger of flooding the bathroom within minutes. They supposedly fixed it for me whilst I was out, and the next day it was better, but not perfect. Service was friendly throughout the hotel. I am curious to see how the hotel will be upgraded now that it's been sold. As I say, it's currently good value if you can get it through a special offer (weekend rate, internet rate, etc). At rack rates, however, it would need to lift its game to be value for money.	
Dec 1 2006 	Lovely Hotel in Great Location	Clean, nice modern decor, excellent location, very comfortable bed, helpful and friendly staff and reasonable price for London.Only bad point was that the room was quite small and had no iron (although reception delivered one immediately on request).Probably more suited for couples on vacation than business travellers.	
Nov 6 2006 	Hotel and location good but ...	Stayed here for one night (Saturday), hotel is in a great location within walking distance of Picadilly, Covent Garden, Theatres, etc., etc.Good choice for breakfast from cereals right through to cooked breakfast, however, fresh scrambled eggs and bacon were brought out while I was choosing my breakfast, got a portion of scambled eggs and bacon with some other items, sat down to eat and the scrambled eggs and bacon were stone cold, not even luke warm, they must have been cooked and been laying about somewhere in the kitchen, it was completely inedible. I suppose we could have complained there and then but we wanted to have breakfast and get out and about.One of our party asked for coffee and a pot of hot milk, unfortunately the waitress did not speak very good english and did not know what he meant by hot milk so he never got any. We ordered toast and when that arrived it looked like someone had waived it at the grill, it was like crispy slices of bread rather than toast, we called another waitress and although she didn't speak very good english she understood what we meant.	
Oct 29 2006 	Great Locationshame about the soundproofing	Stayed at the Devere Cavendish for 1 night and cannot explain why the soundproofing of the windows and between rooms have not been upgraded.The noise from the surrounding streets,police sirens etc went on long into the early hours of the morning,(We were on the 10th floor!!) and you will struggle to not get any sort of a decent nights sleep Walls between rooms are very thin and you can hear tv's etc from rooms either side.The location and cleanliness etc is top notch,but you have to take into consideration the above if you intend staying there.	
Oct 6 2006 	Lovely central london hotel	My Husband and I stayed at the hotel for two nights Friday and Saturday, we recevied excellent rates from the de vere website as they email us regularly with special offers. On arrival we parked our car on the pull in section at the side of the hotel on Duke street, we were met by a very pleasant and professoinal concierge, we gave them our car keys and they looked after the parking and luggage ( car parking fee £35 per night), we thought excellent value there were cctv's and a 24 hour car park security. We had a deluxe queen room on the 3rd floor a higher floor would be better as the view will be better. The bathroom was beautiful and very nice toiletries room very clean and well laid out no compalints at all. The staff may i say were fabulous could not do enough for you, including one in particular Marcus who went out of his way to hail us a cab by running up Duke street. Fortnum and Mason are just across the road a really great shop, and loads of nice eateries and loads of other style shops to, the Ritz is just around the corner. On the saturday we booked a black cab tour of london we found this excellent value and we were chauffered around the place in style. Changing of the guard was great the london eye and the cruise also great value. The food in the hotel was above average as to was the service. We will be returning to London in the near future and will definately stay at this hotel aain. Loved the hotel ,staff and our capital, keep up the good work.	
Oct 1 2006	Great Location	Found a really good rate for The Cavendish so decided to give the hotel a try.We stayed for 2 nights from Friday. We wondered if we would be put in a cupboard for the price we payed but were pleasantly surprised to find when we checked in that we had been upgraded from a standard double to a deluxe Queen. We stayed in room 1214 on the 12th floor. The room was a good size with a good bathroom with both a bath and shower. We also had an amazing view from the window.Breakfast was included in our room price. The first morning we had to wait a short time to be seated at a table but the second morning we were shown straight to a table, when we came out there were people waiting so its pot luck as to whether you arrive for breakfast at the right time or not as to whether you have to wait. Breakfast is a buffet of traditional English breakfast and continental, you help yourself to the food and are served tea/coffee and toast. The food was OK, the tea was very weak and the coffee very strong though. The staff serving were very friendly and polite.A nice touch that the hotel did was to leave a birthday cake in our room while we were out. We had told them the weekend was a birthday treat for me, it was a really lovely and thoughtful gesture.The location was good for us as we were seeing Phantom of The Opera and Mamma Mia which were only a very short walk from the hotel, and Jermyne/Duke Street is away from all the real noise.The one and only down side we found was that on our first afternoon out neighbours were playing very loud music, which left us feeling like we were next to a night club. We never heard them again after that so assume they were only there for the one night. We didnt hear any other noise but if our neighbours had been there for our entire stay they could have ruined the weekend, I dont think the walls are very thick, We didnt hear any street noise at all though, In all I think if we could get the same deal we would stay at The Cavendish again because its a friendly hotel and in a very good quiet (for central London) location.	
Sep 19 2006 	Bring your Earplugs	I booked this hotel for one Saturday night after reading the reviews on TripAdvisor and got a good rate of £119 including breakfast and tax, direct with the hotel. The hotel is in an excellent location in a good area, just a few minutes walk from Green Park tube. First impressions of the hotel were excellent, trendy lobby, staff in casual uniforms (although the white, long sleeve tshirts were pretty unflattering and looked a bit grubby!). The room which was a classic room was small but perfectly formed, clean, nice bedding, nice view. The bathroom only had a shower, but was a decent sized walk in shower. The big problem with this hotel is the sound-proofing. It was non existent. our room (1202) had an interconnecting door with a room next door and I think this was part of the problem. We could hear every conversation our neighbours were having, even them putting coins down on the table. Our night was completely spoilt by our inconsiderate neighbours coming in at 3am, putting the TV on loud, throwing coins down and staying up (doing all sorts!) for a good couple of hours. The windows were also completely inadequate - to say we were on the 12th floor, the sound of the sirens etc sounded just like we were standing on the street. I believe it is an old office building and although the design and decor is nice, they have completely skimped on the important things - getting the soundproofing right. WHilst I would recommend this hotel for its location, its value and its breakfast, the noise completely ruined our stay and I would not consider staying there again, which is a shame. Incidentally I am about to write to the hotel to inform them of this fact. I would have told them at the time but there were no client satisfaction surveys in the room and on check out we were not asked whether everything was to our satisfaction - a simple thing which hotels should not overlook.	
Sep 16 2006 	Good Location and Good Beds but Very Noisy	We stayed at the De Vere Cavendish for the London leg of our honeymoon on the recommendation of colleagues who said it was a great hotel and because the website made the rooms look so large and wonderful.....THE NEGATIVES: The Executive Rooms (the largest!), were small even by Europe Standards. The king size bed took up most of the room, and there was only 1 small closet. The bathtub couldn't accomodate a waif, and the shower was meant for very thin elf people. The shower water pressure was barely sufficient. And the executive rooms are opposite the elevators, so every time another guest arrives or departs from your floor, you get the pleasure of eavesdropping on their conversation....moreover, the walls are so thin, we had the pleasure of sharpening our Spanish skills while listening to every bit of our neighbor's daily, 6am business calls. There was construction everywhere around the hotel, so after our 6am neighbor's wakeup call, we were further jarred awake by the pounding of hammers and other related construction noises. THE POSITIVES: The bed was quite comfortable; the concierge, Nick, was very helpful and charming; the St. James Park location was excellent!; the food in the restaurant (we had dinner there as well) was very good; the small lobby bar stocked every possible liquor and had a very capable bartender; and for the rate we got (210 pounds) we felt we got reasonable value considering the expense of that part of London.	
Sep 15 2006	Good place to stay!	Stayed for 2 nights in June. Hotel conveniently situated nr Central London. Very friendly staff, clean and modern, quality hotel all round.Only slight downside was size of room and not a brilliant breakfast, however would definately stay there again. Overall 7 out of 10.	
Sep 3 2006 	just right!	My husband and I stayed at this lovely hotel for one night on a theatre break. Room was small, not much wardrobe space if you were staying for a longer break, but very clean, comfortable and well furnished. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Hotel is ideally located for theatres, shops and subway within short walking distance. Wonderful choice of buffet breakfast.	
Aug 28 2006 	Location makes this a great choice	Stayed at the Cavendish for two nights first week of August. Hotel was clean. Room was a bit small but fine. I did not expect a large room in London to begin with. Staff was friendly and helpful. The theme is on the modern side. What made this hotel work for us was the location. I don't know if we could have done much better. We are walkers and the central location to the sites was great. We were able to walk most everywhere and we liked the neighborhood it was located in except for a few noisy hooligans in the wee hours of night out on the street we overheard. Would stay here again.	
Aug 13 2006	When in London the place to stay	The blurb on the Cavendish at St James' website says it's 3 minutes from Green Park and Picadilly. We travelled from Waterloo to Green Park by tube and then using my trusty map decided to walk. It was quite a distance and we stopped to check our location, only to find we were outside the hotel. Picadilly is much closer. Right out of the door (which is opp fortnum &amp; Mason) and straight on. There's a Tesco at the end of the road, turn left and Picadilly station's just up the road. Come to think of it, so is Picadilly and Eros!We had room 404. Checking in was easy and within an hour of arriving at Waterloo we were walking up to Picadilly tube station to check out the open top bus ride. The room was a bit basic but comfortable despite this. Package tour operators please note that there was a safety deposit box ALREADY in the room READY TO USE. None of this having to pay a deposit to rent a key as we do when we go abroad. There was the usual mini bar. BEWARE. DO NOT EVEN TOUCH ANYTHING OR YOU WILL BE CHARGED FOR IT. My partner tried to put a bottle of water in it, moved a packet of mints and hey presto it appeared on my bill this morning when we checked out. Plenty of tea and coffee makings are hidden in a compartment in the wardrobe, along with wine glasses. We bought our wine in the Tesco supermarket at the end of the road. We were staying on a B &amp; B basis and the breakfast selection was excellent, with every choice catered for. There were cereals, fresh fruit, yoghurts, Danish pastries as well as good old bacon, eggs, sausages etc. There is also a breakfast menu which you can order from and this included poached eggs. I heard someone ask about them and was told they take about 15 minutes. On the first morning we had coffee. A big mistake as you just get a cup. If you want more, you have to attract the waiting staff's attention. Tea's better, at least you get a big pot of the stuff. First morning, I had cereal only to find the table wasn't laid with a spoon to eat it with. This morning, I had a spoon for the cereal, but nothing to stir the tea!!The room had a lovely powerful shower, but the bath took for ever to empty. What passes for a basin resembled a basin. It was difficult to wash one's face in it and what was supposed to be the tap looked like a soda syphon!!Overall, the place looks very swish and new. Closer examination revealed the backs of the chairs in the dining room were black from where several hands have moved them. The carpet in our room was in need of a shampoo as there was a definite &quot;traffic&quot; line where everyone had walked, the bathroom floor looked the same, oh and the extractor fan in our bathroom didn't work either.We were on a trip that included a visit to a Royal residence and this was the accommodation that went with it. It was &quot;dead handy&quot; for the West End, but a bit pricey, but it was a special trip.	
Aug 13 2006 	Would recommend the De Vere Cavendish	We stayed for two nights at the De Vere Cavendish. The hotel is contemporary in style both in the public rooms and the guest bedrooms. The staff are all in contemporary uniforms of beige chinos and white tops rather than the usual dark suits which goes well with the whole style of the hotel. Check in was very efficient anf friendly.The room (313) was spotlessly clean if a little on the small side. We liked the contemporary style of the room. The bathroom was very modern but did not have a bath. However the shower was HUGE! The only criticism we had of the room was the lack of storage space. There was lots of hanging space in the wardrobe but no drawer space to store undies, Tshirts, etc. For two nights this was not a problem but if you were there for a week it might not be so convenient to literally live out of your suitcase.Late on Saturday evening we had a nightcap in the reception bar which was very nice. There were quite a few people there and it had a nice buzzy atmosphere.Breakfast was the usual help yourself buffet style but was well done and the ingredients were of a good quality and regularly replenished. If you wanted something different like kippers they could prepare this for you. Sunday morning at 10am was a busy time and we did have to wait for a table but not for very long.The location of the Cavendish is great being adjacent to Piccadilly behind Fortnum and Masons.We think the Cavendish is a great hotel in a great location and would not hesitate to recommend someone staying there. We would definitely use again.	
Aug 13 2006	my home away from home	This is a small boutique style hotel but large enough to have a superb concierge. The team at Cavendish have acquired all kinds of theatre tickets for me at last minute, got me into clubs and dinner reservations last minute, they are champs. The hotel is a bit like a W in the US, trendy, cool, hip but not too over the top. The value for central London location is excellent. I have stayed here about 25 times in 4 years. 2 blocks from the Ritz on Picadilly, close to everything central and the rooms are very clean. They are a bit small and if you can afford it the executive levels on 11, 12 floor are worth the extra pounds.	
Aug 3 2006	a good place to stay in the captal city	We stayed for a long wekend in July 2006. Hotel has recenly been refurbished and our room was quiet , comfortable and modern. Breakfast was buffet style and covered most tastes.We paid a bit over £100 per room and was really good value for money considering it's central location just off Picadiily Circus but in a quiet side stree.	
Jul 31 2006 	Would Recommend!	We booked our weekend in London through Active Hotels and paided £219 for 2 nights B&amp;B which was in hind sight was very good value.The rooms were clean and although a little small very nicely decorated.All the public area's of the building where of a similar high standard and staff were always helpful and prompt. Our only problem was the use of an iron. For a high standard of hotel the iron was poor and slightly broken which was a little frustrating.I would agree with other reviewers that prices within the hotel are very expensive. We drink bacardi and coke and paid £17.60 for two (They only seem to serve double measures). All over London we paid around £12 for these drinks so The Cavendish did seem to be milking us. Breakfast was excellent with bottled mineral water at no extra charge which is a first for us.Location was great and we walked to the west end easily in 10 minutes. Fortnum and Mason is right opposite so it was nice to browse in there on our way out.Overall a good solid hotel and very good value for money. We had a great weekend and would recommend the hotel.	
Jul 27 2006 	Wonderful Experience	My daughters and I had a great experience at the Cavendish from July 21-25, 2006. I got a great internet summer special from the DeVere web site, and booked an executive double for 159 per night, inclusive. We had a HUGE room (204) that had two TV's, three phones, and a separate sitting area. The bathroom was also spacious, with separate shower and large tub. The hotel is modern, with clean lines and an Asian feel. The staff was very helpful and friendly, especially Vincent and the kind Concierge who printed my boarding passes! The Cavendish is an easy 7 minute walk to the Green Park tube station, and the bus stop is right at the top of the block. We loved the neighborhood as well. There is even a supermarket about a 5 minute walk down Jermyn Street. I spent a lot of time reading reviews on this web site, and I definitely made the right choice going with The Cavendish.	
Jul 21 2006 	Rip-off merchants	The hotel is fun and stylish, but they take price gouging of their guests to new levels. For 7 local calls and exactly 120 mins of internet use I was charged more than USD 150!!!!! I had a regular reservation (with a cancellation policy of 2pm) and I informed the hotel at 6am that I would check out a few days early and they then came back to me saying that I had to pay for the entire stay - an additional 4 nights. We did fix this in the end, but I had to escalate this all the way to the director of revenue at the hotel and I wasted about 2 hours of my time doing this. Apart from that the hotel is fine - no onsite gym (you have to go to LA fitness down the road).	
Jul 17 2006	Great beds small rooms great location	Stayed here for one night on a weekend in July. I booked two double rooms via a website and got the rooms quite below the rack rate, so was pretty pleased (but worried that I'd get the dodgiest room in the house - I needn't have worried). Arrived early just after noon and the rooms were ready for us. The receptionist was very sweet and sent up a complimentary bottle of wine when he found out it was my birthday.The decor in the public areas is quite nice although the ladies loo upstairs is in need of a little TLC and redecorating. The rooms are small, yes, but they are very well decorated. Nice large flat screens and CD/stereos are great. The rooms are also nice and quiet and unlike some other hotels, not much sound travels from the hallways. The beds are very comfortable, although I am intrigued by all these hotels that seem to think that a top sheet beneath the duvet (flat sheet) is no longer necessary. I know that they are not changing the duvet covers for each guest, so I do think that's a bit icky. The concierge staff and the reception staff were excellent. In contrast the food and beverage staff could benefit from more customer service training. When it was not possible to order food from the lobby bar after 11.00pm we were also told that we could not order room service to the lobby. On going up to our room, we found that the 24 hour room service menu is dire. The ony thing on offer is beef/ham or egg mayonnaise sandwiches or a couple of types of pizza. The room service staff were also a little rude, so zero points for attitude there! Overall, a great location for this hotel, smack band in the middle of the West End so you can walk everywhere. It's still in good nick and makes a very pleasant stay. I wouldn't stay here if you are looking for a traditional quaint English style hotel, but it's nice and modern. Beware if you need to park - car parking in the West End is expensive and the hotel does not subsidise their car park in any way - even for hotel guests. Our parking overnight cost us £35.	
Jul 9 2006	excellent location	Stayed in this excellently located hotel near the tube (Picadilly line from Heathrow to Green Park Station). Staff were wonderful could not do more to help. We were upgraded to an executive room with breakfast and all for under £130 per night, what a treat. Spotlessly clean. Can't wait to return. Beware of minibar though - prices are sky high - all your needs can be met at M&amp;S at Green park tube station.	
Jul 1 2006	Great hotel in a great location. We loved it!	This is a great hotel in a great location. The staff were excellent (although some in the breakfast area struggle with English), and always friendly and welcoming. The rooms were nicely appointed (modern and clean) and every promise was delivered upon. We stayed 5 nights and the service was consistent throughout. Our package included breakfast and this was excellent. Overall a very good hotel, that delivers what it promises for a fair price.	
Jun 22 2006	Nice Little Hotel	Myself and my girlfriend stayed in the De Vere Cavendish this weekend as we were in London to see a show and visit the city.Getting to the hotel from Gatwick was very easy (Gatwick Express &gt; one stop on tube &gt; short walk), the area is very elegant and the hotel itself is nice too. The lobby, reception, bar and dining area/restaurant was very pleasant and tasteful. There is computer access, an ATM and a widescreen plasma for the World Cup etc..The concierge was very helpful and the check-in/out was very easy and painless too.Our room on the 12th floor - as other reviews have said - wasn’t the size of a football field, but it accommodated us very well and we had no complaints. The decor of the room was very tasteful and there was a plasma with a decent selection of channels and a CD player/radio. There was also tea and coffee making facilities, a safe and an iron.The bathroom, in spite of previous comments, was roomy enough and the showers size/power/position/etc was all very good. I quite liked the shower in fact. The views from the room was good - we could see to the London Eye and St Pauls and also beyond to the Swiss Re Building and skyline..The breakfast in the morning was very nice. There was a good selection and the service was excellent.We found the location of the hotel excellent. It is situated very close to St James Park/Hyde Park, Buckingham Palace, Green Park Underground, and Theatres etc. Everything was within walking distance and the tube is obviously very handy.I would definitely recommend this hotel to visitors to London for short and long stays.	
Jun 19 2006	efficient room but great location	my room was very small but convenient. the location was ideal to central sights like buckingham palace and SOHO was within walking distance. it's situated across from fortnum &amp; mason. the bed was very comfortable for myself but it might be cramped for two people. the front desk people could be more pleasant but the bell people were very accommodating and offered their services with a smile. the breakfast buffet was mediocre but i think it was free with the reservation package i obtained.	
Jun 19 2006	Excellent Location And Very Cool 	Stayed in this hotel with girlfriend for a London theatre break booked through Supabreaks.Not the prettiest building in the world but this hotels major selling point has to be its superb location. As regular visitors to London this has to be far and away the best placed for whatever form of entertainment takes your fancy. Its placed right behind Fortnum &amp; Masons and is 5 mins walk from Piccadilly Circus and Regent &amp; Oxford Street for the shopping fans. And then for the night owls its 5 mins from a plethora of bars, restaurants and clubs. You also have a handful of theatres 10 mins away in the Shaftesbury Avenue area. Ideal if as we were, you are off to see 'Les Miserables'. On a culinary note fans of chinese food should note that Chinatown is just 10 mins away with the whole range of establishments from posh to fast service noodle bars.Despite its location the hotel is tucked nice and quitely in Jermyn Street and you are not troubled by late night noise. The lobby area is very modern with cool lavender lighting and the general clean lines will appeal to most. Front desk staff were very helpful and i loved their informal but efficients beige sweat tops and slacks. If you like your staff very formal in ironed shirts and skirts this casual look is not for you.First impression of our room on the 12th floor was that it was very tasteful decoreated and continued the modern theme of the lobby area. My only gripe and to be fair my only really important negative on this hotel was the room size. Very small and with 2 suitcases on the floor there is not much room to move around. Bathroom was again very modern and spacious with a bath and shower combo. Beware the bed if you like yours firm. Whilst very comfortable with a duvet which was a nice surprise, it was very soft.We had breakfast in our room both mornings so cannot comment on the eating areas. Full English was pretty good as wa s the more continental fayre of croissants etc.One particular niggle was the chambermaids always trying to get into your rooms. We will be out when we are ready thanks!In conjunction with the small room the only other point to be wary of is the price of drinks. Both the ground and 1st floor bar areas are very swish and modern but i did choke on the £3.75 for a beer and £9.25 for a vodka &amp; diet coke! To be fair this minus factor is cancelled to a degree by the fact that you are so splendidly placed for so many pubs, bars &amp; restaurants.In conclusion i would give the DeVere a resounding 8 out of 10 with the only the room size and drink prices preventing full marks. Its greatest selling point has to be the location which you will struggle to better and i personally loved its cool modern air.	
Jun 16 2006	Clean convenient but cruiseship sized rooms	We stayed at the Cavendish in mid May occupying 2 rooms. The staff was very friendly and helpful (particularly the concierge). The rooms were the size of cruise ship cabins with very little maneuvering space. The bathrooms were not very user friendly. Very tall/deep tub/shower combination that was somewhat difficult and a sink that was stylish rather than useful.Very close to theater district and generally a good location.Breakfast buffet was good but my family to a person told me (the one who books and plans) that they preferred last year's stay at the Park Lane Sheraton with their breakfasts, older rooms and location.	
Jun 14 2006	Fantastic hotel -even better location!	This is a fab hotel. We stayed on a Saturday night - going onto a show at Hammersmith Apollo. On arrival our car was parked in the hotels' secure car park and we were swiftly checked in. The staff were all friendly and really helpfull, and I liked the casual, but smart uniforms they wore. Our room was on the 11th floor and we had great views of the London Eye, Big Ben, the Gherkin etc etc. Our room was a little small - but you don't go to London to stay in your hotel room all the time. The room and the bathroom were clean and modern. This hotel is located just behind Fortnum and Mason and Tramp Nightclub (members only - boooo). You literally are minutes away from Covent Garden and Piccadilly plus bundles of restaurants and designer shops. Green Park Tube and Piccadilly Tube are a few minutes walk away. We were chuffed to find that breakfast was served until 11 and checkout 12. Great for a lay in. Breakfast was busy - but when we were there, guests were offered a glass of Bucks Fizz whilst their table was being prepared. After a few minutes wait - we were shown to our table and enjoyed a choice of cereals, croissants, juices, cheese plus the good old traditional brekkie. Self service so you can pick and choose what you like. There was no pressure to collect our car from their car park until we were ready to leave - which gave us loads of time to hit Harrods on the Sunday morning. To sum up - a great hotel, an excellent location! Enjoy.....	
Jun 7 2006	Okay for the price we paid	This hotel was fine for the £119 rate that we paid. The hotel was clean and the bedrooms were fine but the staff at reception were a bit strange and the breakfast wan't very good. Much prefer the Mandeville.......	
Jun 6 2006	Stylish and Modern with that extra special touch	Well all I can say for this hotel is wow. It is extremely modern and the rooms are beautifully decorated, the rooms even have a CD player in which is rare in most hotels. We had breakfast in the room and it was absolutly gorgeous and perfectly timed. Very close to many sights such as PIccadilly Circus (5 mins), Bus tours (5 Mins) and Oxford Street is around 5 minutes in a taxi. Also Fortnum and Mason is straight across the road and is well woth a look (it is a VERY expensive department store where the Queen shops). All in all a very special break and would definatly stay here again!	
Jun 5 2006	Top Stay at a Top Hotel	Stayed here for weekend (June '06) while myself and my girlfriend went to the theatre. Staff were extremely helpful, polite, smart and more than willing to help at every request. Can't fault the hotel, location is absolutely perfect - walked everywhere, decor is excellent and the rooms very comfortable and smart - maybe a little on the small side but excellently fitted out. Breakfast was very nice. All in all an excellent hotel, will definitely stay here again.	
May 28 2006	An excellent hotel. Very happy.	Stayed here for 2 nights whilst attending a friend's wedding in Mayfair.The hotel is in an excellent location. A 5 minute walk from Piccadilly Circus underground station and well placed for Green Park, Piccadilly, Leicester Square, Regent St etc. The lobby area is welcoming and sleek and the reception staff were friendly and helpful.The room I had (1104 on the 11th floor) was a reasonable size and very quiet with a well-lit bathroom. It was very clean - the bed was soft but extremely comfortable. Plenty of storage room and a nice view west across London towards Green Park.Staff were extremely pleasant and friendly.I would class this hotel as a very good 4 star. If you can get a good discounted rate then I would not hesitate to stay here.If you were comparing hotels on the rack (full price) rate I would maybe be more inclined to book the Renaissance Chancery Court in Holborn as the rooms are slightly larger. However, if you can get a good rate at the Cavendish (as I did) then it is well worth it and I would not hesitate to stay here again. Overall, ten out of ten.	
May 17 2006	London weekend	We have stayed here in Dec.for several years as a shopping, theatre going weekend. The hotel has changed during this time and is now very cosmopolitan. It is in an ideal position close to theatres, shops and galleries. The staff are helpful and there is a car park under the hotel which you can book but it is expensive. The rooms are a good size for London and there is a lovely view over the roof tops from the upper floors. We will book again this year.	
May 8 2006	Very good	This place is not for the old school. It's contemporary, the staff don't wear shirts and ties and there is fancy lighting. I stayed there with my parents, they weren't happy with their room - I was happy with mine. Great Bathroom, good tv, nice aircon, excellent breakfasts, all in all quite happy with the place and didn't feel I was getting ripped off. Great location just behind Fortnum &amp; Mason. 10/10 to Darren behind the check-in counter - will definately stay there again.	
Apr 25 2006	Our second time at the Cavendish	This was our second time staying at the Cavendish and we enjoyed it just as much as last time. Staying with my husband and teenage daughter, we had a fairly large room on the top floor with a great view over London. We love everything about this hotel - the decor, ambience, friendly staff and a very comfortable room. The beds are a delight. Breakfast was included in the package and had a great variety on offer.You cannot beat the location - yards from Piccadilly Circus and within easy walking distance of some of London's main sights.Would recommend this hotel to all visitors to London - whether on business or pleasure.	
Apr 24 2006	Easter in London	Location, location, location! This hotel is perfectly positioned both for shopping and for the major sights, with the Royal Parks, Westminster, Buckingham Palace, Oxford Street and Regent Street all within easy walking distance and Fortnum &amp; Mason ten yards from the door. The hotel was very clean and the decor was tasteful. Our room (perhaps a little small for two adults and a child) was cleaned to a high standard everyday. Excellent staff, from the porters to the staff in the restaurant. Breakfast was of a high standard with both heatlhy (for women) and non healthy (for men) options. A Tesco food store is at the end of the street and a Marks and Spencer foodhall is just opposite Greenpark Tube Station. We would defintely stay in this hotel again.	
Apr 10 2006	Perfectgreat location and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves!	We booked this hotel mainly because of its superb location,only 2 minutes walk to Piccadily Circus! On arrival at the hotel we weren't disappointed.It was spotless and decorated tastefully.Our room was perfect(top floor)with great views over London.Breakfast was excellent with lots of choice.We had a lovely time in London and staying at the Cavendish made our weekend extra special...thanks.	
Mar 27 2006	Very Good All Around - Value Location Staff and Decor	My young son (age 5) and I just got back from a weekend trip to London. Overall, I think this hotel was a great find. The location is fantastic, on Jermyn Street just steps aways from Bond St., Regent St., and Piccadilly Circus. We had a standard room, which was small but certainly large enough for the two of us, that had very appealing decor with comfortable beds. The bath was small as well but tastefully outfitted. I will note that the bath/shower is very narrow. I'm on the small side and I still felt more comfortable showering sideways. The staff was very friendly and helpful. We were able to check in early after our overnight flight from JFK. I booked on the web and got a rate of 190 Pounds for two nights, inclusive of breakfast and VAT. I've stayed in London at the Conrad in Chelsea, the Atheneum across from Green Park and the Connaught in Mayfair and this is my all-around favorite place to stay in terms of location, value, staff and decor.	
Mar 21 2006	Central to Everything	We spent two nights in a standard room in The Cavendish in March and were very impressed. The hotel is modern and rooms have clean design. Everything from the talking lifts to the gleaming bathroom was well maintained. Staff were pleasant and helpful. Our &quot;leisure break&quot; rate booked on the DeVere website included breakfast, and while it wasn't cheap it was reasonable for a first-class London hotel, especially given the location down the street from Picadilly Circus. The hotel is a short walk to Green Park Station for service to Heathrow on the Picadilly Line. The TESCO grocery store at the end of Jermyn Street is a good place to pick up snacks. The best thing about the hotel is that it's only a few minutes' walk to many of the major tourist sites including Leicester Square, the West End theatres, the National Gallery, and Buckingham Palace. We will definitely return.	
Mar 6 2006	Satisfied Client	We stayed in London for one night before heading to the Far East on our honeymoon. The Hotel is in a great location with friendly staff. We were well pleased with our room which was really good, clean &amp; modern. However, In general I considered the hotel average considering the price and the general lack of character about the place. One thing that annoyed me were the maids. We had the'do not disturb' sign on the door but despite this they tried to get into the room on 3 occasions before check out time. When we finally left the room I was conscious of getting a few dirty looks &amp; we had barely closed the door behind us when 2 of them raced in. Despite this small annoyance I would recommend this hotel.	
Mar 2 2006 	Above expectations	The Cavendish is a luxury business hotel, and meets most expectations for that class. The rooms are spectacular: filled with soft white fabrics, black trim, and gleaming metal appopintments. There are electronics galore, like in-room DVD and CD players, and creature-comforts like (very) heated towel racks and big fluffy comfortors. I could easily have stayed in the room and never gone out. At the same time, there were a few surprising rough edges. The electronic room keys were inconsistent: it took a fair amount of fiddling to get them to connect. The internet is charged at 40p per minute to a maximum of 20 GBP per day (!): outrageous for a property and price like this. There were no american-power outlets in the rooms. The bathroom had an extended shower where a tub might be expected. The breakfast buffet is surprisingly small and unimaginative: english breakfast items, but not much more. The staff is attentive and ready to help in every respect, and the hotel keeps an intimate feeling in the public areas. It's convenient to Picadilly, the Tube, and to most London signts.Overall, very good (especially the room), but needs a couple of kinks ironed out.	
Feb 2 2006	De Vere Cavendish St. James - Great experience	My husband and I spent 9 days in London from 12/18 to 12/28. Although we really didn't have a clear idea of what to expect we were more than pleasantly surprised with this hotel. Not only is it superbly located, but the service was excellent. The breakfast was okay, not the best, but it was very convenient and the staff very nice.I am definitely recommending it to my own family, as they are making plans to go to London during the Spring.	
Jan 31 2006	Great Hotel	We stayed for three nights in January 2006 and were suitably impressed with the Cavendish. The 'minimal' reception area creates an air of relaxed quality which is continued throughout the hotel. We had our young son with us and the hotel ensured we had a cot in the room prior to arrival and more than enough supplies of sheets towels and blankets for the cot too!. Breakfast was excellent with a buffet style approach although Saturday morning was extremely busy (eat early to avoid the queues). We booked through superbreak and got an excellent deal for the weekend £330 ish. Incidentals are high so beware especially for drinks!. Overall a great hotel and with some of London's finest tailoring on your doorstep the temptation to spend the money you saved on the booking on a great suit is too tempting to resist!	
Jan 30 2006	Simply Superb	We have returned from a weekend stay at the Cavendish as part of a group of 16 and everyone thoroughly enjoyed their stay. The hotel is very modern having, I think been fairly recently refurbished throughout.We were lucky and had an upgrade to a suite on the 15th floor. The room was huge with superb views over London and one of the most comfortable beds you could find in any hotel.Everyone else had no complaints with any of the other rooms either.Breakfast in the restaurant was included in our rate and was excellent with a good choice. The bar was expensive but then what 4* hotel in London isn't ? The staff were very friendly and helpful, we only had one problem which was with our television and this was sorted within 10 minutes.The location of the hotel is superb only a 5 minute walk to Piccadilly Circus and 15/20 minutes to most of the theatres. If you are looking for a good quality hotel in London you won't go wrong with the Cavendish St James.	
Jan 24 2006	Great location and Friendly Staff	I booked 1 night here for myself and my husband and my parents, getting a great deal for £135 per night inc. breakfast.Location - fantastic, it is right between Piccadilly Circus and Green Park tube stations. We walked to Leicester Square in about 15 minutes!Check in - We tried to check in too early so left our luggage - both reception and concierge were really friendly. Check in later was smooth and we were allocated 2 rooms on the 14th floor. Rooms - Our room was great, quite small but modern and clean with everything you need - kettle, hairdryer, bathrobes, TV, CD player, thermostat etc. However, my parents room (which should have been non-smoking also) stank of smoke so we swiftly returned back to the reception who changed the room for them without any problems. Their room was now on the 4th floor and was somewhat bigger than the previous room with a bigger sized bed. They were happy!Only reason I did not give the hotel full marks on here is that our mattress was way too soft so our sleep wasn't great!(we don't like soft mattresses!) Staff - All really friendly - fantastic service by everyone.Bar - After returning from the theatre, we had drinks in the lobby bar and again service was excellent. Very pricey though - £3.75 for a bottle of becks!Breakfast - Excellent, there was everything from pastries, fruit, yoghurt, cereal to a fully cooked breakfast! Overall, I would higly recommend this hotel for your stay in London and certainly lives up to the De Vere high standards that you would expect.	
Jan 8 2006	Would Absollutely Stay Again!	I am a &quot;hotel snob&quot; and I loved it here. I checked the reviews on this site, for this hotel, and they were right on! The rooms and ambiance of the hotel reminds me of The Hotel George in Washington DC. The location was fabulous for us, tourist from the US. The hotel is located down the street from Picadilly Circus, Trafalgar Square, St. James Palace, Buckingham Palace and Green Park. We caught the Open top bus and coach tour of London at the Ritz Hotel, also down the street.The front desk staff was curtious and helpful. I did communicate with them via e-mail prior to the trip to arrange from transportation to and from the airport.I would absolutely stay here again!	
Jan 3 2006	Very Good	Very nice hotel, subtle entrance of jerymn st has probably seen it over looked many times. Rates are ok, most hotels of this standard are in a similar price bracket (no mentions of price fixing from me though) It's actually a 4* not 3* as Trip Advisor have notedRooms are very nice, however i'm not impressed by the glass bathroom door with part frosting, there's no need for anyone to need to &quot;peek&quot; into a bathroom that's being used and allows no privacy for using the toilet.Reception/Lobby/Bar all brilliant, helpfull staff, however they did take 15 mins to collect my car which is less than impressive.Brilliant location, it's right in the heart of things, which is demonstrated by the vibrant crowd in the bar after work, location location location!If you are looking in the £200 region and for this area then i wouldn't be able to reccomend anywhere else!!	
Jan 3 2006	Good and bad	Stayed 29 + 30 Dec '05, room 1504 - penthouse on top (15th floor). Hotel style 80% super contemporary, 20% naff, like they'd had a make over but had to inherit the carpets and some of the furniture. STAFF: excellent, particularly concierge who parks your car under the hotel for £35 a day (well worth it in this location), though we thought their 'dress down' policy made staff look scruffy. Two exceptions to the 'excellent'- a gaggle of chambermaids were in/using the phone in our room when we entered it, and the service at dinner on 29th was truly appalling, staff running round like headless chickens (the French Maitre in particular), shouting at each other across the dining room, clumsy ungracious,disorganised service of food - clearly untrained. Were they a 'Christmas shift'? the actual food was quite good and 1st night supper included in rate of £210 per night for suite which includes full cooked breakfast. Breakfast was so, so different - great staff, highly efficient, friendly and a real buzz to a full dining room. ROOM: Big, strange shape - an example of style over function - looked fab, bed comfy, but washbasins + taps (Philipe Starke style) not user friendly, shower v. poor (not a fault, just intrinsically a very poor shower!), and the bath had some nasty antislip covering on the base which changed it from a relaxing experience to one of dermal abrasion every time you moved. Room lighting either too harsh or too dim. Natty feature on TV though where you can check your bill. Worst thing, there was obviously a a/c unit on the roof right over the suite and the the three pillars in the room are not what they seem and are in fact service/a/c vents for the whole building - giving off a hellish hum all night - not good if you're a light sleeper. I don't know if all the penthouse suites have this problem. Thank God for wax earplugs.Great view but although the rooms lower down are much smaller (no Corbusier lounger + sofas I expect), I'd probably opt for one of them given the cheaper rate, though you do run the risk of being close to your neighbour's loud tv of which there seem to be many these days. (Why don't hotels have volume restrictors on all their sets? - keep asking 'do your TV's have volume restrictors?' every time you book and hopefully the hotel industry will get the message)PUBLIC AREAS: stylish but rather sterile - log fires don't seem to mix with contemporary, but that's what's needed.Having said all that, it's a great location. We could hear a traffic hum on 15th but the glazing is good. Would I stay again - maybe.	
Jan 2 2006	Great location awful service	You can't criticise the location on quiet Jermyn Street right in the heart of London's shopping district and in easy walk to Westminster and the underground. If you come by car, the hotel's own car park is also handy, especially as some of the leisure breaks include free car parking.Some of the reviews have commented on the size of the rooms, but I must admit I was pleasantly surprised. The bathrooms are also large (although the modern taps and sinks make for some getting used to if you have not encountered these before). The bed is very comfortable and the linen fresh (although the cleanliness doesn't stretch to under the bed, where we found many things from previous people's visits).But the service, from the time you get there to the time you leave is quite amateur. I know that hotel pay is often not good, but when half the staff can't really command two sentences of English, you get the message - this doesn't help when things go wrong. Perhaps their trendy casual outfits (looking like Big Brothers henchmen out of 1984) doesn't help the observation that some urgency is needed.The biggest complaint is the restaurant. Too small for breakfast if the hotel is anything like busy (on one day, we needed to wait 45 minutes) and at dinner, if you want to eat in, even if the reception says you don't need to book, book. If you don't, you will be met with the message that the restaurant is very busy, and then after waiting up to an hour to be given a table, you will find that there are only about 8 other tables in use. Average wait, even if you have booked, from the moment you sit down to the delivery of your starter is little short of an hour. Saying that though, the food is good (although for breakfast, surely a hotel of this standing can come up with some fresh, rather than tinned fruit).So in short, if you want unbeatable location and don't care for the service, this hotel is for you. If you care for service, make sure you're in a relaxed mood before you arrive	
Dec 25 2005	2nd time at the Cavendish	This was my 2nd visit to the Cavendish this year, I keep wondering why its not higher up on here as we have loved it both times.We got a better deal than last time maybe as we stayed right before christmas, Im not sure but 3 nights cost us £214.00- superbreak.On De Vere's website the same time was £390.00 although we didnt have breakfast included in the price, I did not mind as I just popped to Tesco on the corner of Jermyn St and got our breakfast there.Our room this time was on the 2nd floor no view but we had a bigger room than last time we was on the 12th. Although right next to the lift this did not bother us as there was hardly any noise and it certainly didnt effect the enjoyment of our stay.I cant wait to go back again.	
Dec 15 2005	Can't wait to go back!	This is such a lovely hotel! We had a standard double room, and couldn't believe how spacious and comfortable it was - especially when you consider the hotel's central location. On arrival we discovered our tv didn't work, but this was fixed speedily and courteously. The staff are professional, friendly and helpful. We had breakfast in our room each morning, and were pleasantly surprised to find it both hot AND freshly cooked. Such a bonus for a hotel of that size (considering it was delivered at peak breakfast time). We got a great rate on De Vere's website by booking within a month of our stay. But we wanted to request a room on an upper floor to avail of the view, so we rang the central booking line and they matched the online rate. We had a wonderful view of the London Eye from our 10th floor room. We're planning to return in February. Can't wait!	
Dec 13 2005	One of the Best Hotels I've ever stayed in	I just returned from 12 days in London at the DevereCavendish. (11/26-12/8) All I can say is WOW. The hotel is in a perfect place to do anything in London. If you can't walk somewhere there are buses and Underground stations within a 2 minute walk. The hotel is modern. Lobby is stark but the staff is knowledgeable and courteous and helpful. I was in a single room and it was great. I had a double bed, great modern bathroom and a great view. Housekeeping was great and room was always clean and stocked with great towels and toiletries. I got a great rate through British Airways that included Breakfast (a buffet) that had any and everything you could possibly want. (you can even special order) There is a mini fridge in the room. Items in it are expensive (as all hotel minibars are.)However, there is plenty of room in the fridge to keep any soda, milk etc cold. All in all, A great Hotel and I will stay here again.	
Nov 26 2005	Terrific little-known luxury centrally-located hotel	I almost hate to give away this secret, but it's too good not to share: The DeVere Cavendish Hotel, at the corner of Jermyn and Duke Streets, St. James's, London, is my absolute favorite of the many 5-star London hotels in which I've stayed. We just got back from spending five nights during Thanksgiving week 2005 in one of the Cavendish's penthouse rooms, which, for GPB 220 plus tax, was a steal. The room, furnished in sleek, modern style, is a nice size, complete with a king-sized bed, a lounge chair with ottoman, a love seat, plus a television, bar cabinet and writing desk/chair. The ultra-modern bathroom has two sinks, a lovely longggg tub and a separate shower, as well as a bidet. Big towels, bathrobes, etc., are standard. It was quiet, attractive, extremely comfortable and just plain delightful. You'll have to trust me about this, because if you stop by for a quick peek, you'll be grossly unimpressed: the outside of the building is a concrete-grotesque tower, circa mid-1960's, and the lobby, while recently sporting some trendy lavender lighting behind the check-in desk and young (but professional) staff in khakis and T-shirts, is small and nothing to write home about. The hotel's value lies elsewhere than its exterior and lobby. In addition to its attractive room decor and modern bathrooms, this hotel shines in other important ways: first, location, location, location. It's a 5 - 10 minute walk to virtually every West End theatre, not to mention two tube stations. It is literally across Jermyn Street from Fortnum &amp; Mason's, around the corner from Quaglino's, and just two blocks down from a luxurious new five-screen cinema on Regent St. Need Starbuck's coffee to survive? A quick two-minute walk around the corner takes you to Starbuck's on Piccadilly, as well as a new-ish branch of that redoubtable coffee shop, Patisserie Valerie, and the decadent mittel-European Wolseley (splendid cafe/restaurant on Piccadilly, opposite the Ritz). The other wonderful thing about the Cavendish? Well, it's the stairwell. The 15th floor penthouse rooms are reached by taking the elevator to the 14th floor and then walking up a flight of stairs to 15. In the 15th floor stairwell is one of the most amazing views of London you could ever hope to find outside the Eye. A 15-foot long picture window frames St. Paul's Cathedral, the Gherkin (Swiss Re building), St. Bride's Church, the London Eye, Parliament, Big Ben and Westminster Abbey with a mere turn of the head. Leaving aside the obvious question of why this hotel relegated the best view in the world to its stairwell, the view is fabulous during the day and astounding at night.Important point: rooms below penthouse level are also pleasant, well-furnished, and have modern bathrooms. BUT - they are much, *much* smaller. Even a &quot;deluxe&quot; double room, which runs, at present, GBP 170 plus tax on weekends and an additional GBP 20 on weeknights, has *just* enough room to maneuver around the bed. Non-deluxe rooms are downright tiny. But if room size doesn't bother you, request a room on a high floor on the east side of the building, and you'll get much of the stairwell view from your bed.	
Oct 31 2005	A Great Hotel!	Just returned from a 2 night stay at The Cavendish. We were both very impressed with the location of the hotel and the friendliness of the staff. Room clean and modern. We arrived over 3 hours early and to our delight our room was ready! Plently of choice at breakfast. The best part of this hotel is its location- 5 mins from Piccadily and theatreland.Will definitely stay there again.	
Oct 21 2005 	Don't use the phone	The hotel is very nice - great location, reasonable price (for London), clean and fresh - but watch out for the very extortionate in-room phone charges! £8 for a 2-minute call to Europe!	
Oct 15 2005 	Great Location Reasonable Rooms Service	Just stayed at the DeVere for two nights. It is reasonably close to Hyde Park for a morning run, near Soho for food and late night fun, and near to Mayfair where I had meetings. The room was comfortable if a bit small, but it wasn't lacking in anything. Decent accomdation for the price. Would certainly stay there again.	
Sep 18 2005	Excellent hotel	We stayed on 17th September 2005 and thought the hotel absolutely brilliant. Bedroom and bathroom very nicely furnished and just so clean. The staff were courteous and friendly. Location was perfect for sightseeing, shopping and theatre etc. Breakfast was very good with excellent choice. Will certainly stay again.	
Aug 20 2005	crisp and fresh	we stayed here for ten nights...we arrived 9 am and our room was ready..we got to check in early...no surcharge...somewhat small... but always fresh and clean...everywhere in this hotel...it was very clean...agreat choice for the included breakfast...helpful staff...the best housekeeping...nice toiletries and towels...we will return !	
Aug 8 2005 	Location great hotel okay	Stayed 3 nights in June on business. Checked in and requested not near a lift or fire door as hate the noise. Given key and took own bags to lift. Got out, room directly opposite.. Annoyed but looked in anyway. Tiny!Straight back down and was given another. At no time was I offered a hand with my bags. Second room was a much better and was comfortable except toilet leaked all over the bathroom floor and was forced to move nex day. Then given a tiny room near a lift again. Said there was no choice. We were talking small here I must say though bathroom was a decent size. Would have really struggled if there had been two of us in this room though I must say.Newspaper ordered never came on any of my three days but was on my bill- Removed when asked, without question. Hotel was full and letters about getting to breakfast early were put under doors. That was at least useful. Overall I didnt think much of the hotel but then maybe I am fussy as I have yet to find one in London I really rated even by paying more. However one cannot knock the location and price of £128 pn inc. Wi-fi would be handy. Internet in rooms (paid) and a terminal in the lobby at about £9ph is available.( K+K George its free but location suits less)So, &quot;would I stay here again?&quot; Yes I would, there are definitely worse, but I'd stay here again for the location rather than the hotel itself. Eat in the Fountain Restaurant in Fortnum and Mason right across the street. Reasonable prices, civilised, excellent food and not busy.	
Aug 5 2005	Excellent Location Reasonable Price and Friendly Staff	The location of this hotel is excellent. A 5-10 minute walk from Leicester Square, Westminster and St. James Park and close to Green Park tube station although we didn't use it. Also within walking distance of Harrods, Regent Street, Bond Street, Trafalgar Square, etc and Carnaby Street for restaurant and bar options.Booked with visitlondon and got a standard double room on the tenth floor with excellent views across the city towards Westminster and further afield to St Pauls. On arrival via taxi we were greeted by friendly staff and conceirge. The room was smart, clean, tidy, and comfortable. Not that spacious but adequate equipped with a CD player, TV, modern tiled bathroom, safe and the usual amenities.Breakfast was served on the first floor and we were attended promptly and given a warm welcome by staff every morning. Breakfast was included with the visitlondon rate and the hotel provided an excellent choice of a full english, continental and options for vegetarian and fish.Thoroughly enjoyed the stay at the De Vere and would recommend it to anyone as an excellent base for exploring London's sights and sounds. No complaints at all, apart from the disappointment of the first floor piano bar and lounge not been in use for the duration of our stay. A very minor issue though.	
Jul 23 2005	I like it	I was with my wife at this month and i want to say this Hotel is the only one i liked in LONDON becouse i had bad expiriance with 5 hotels in london before this. very clean very quait, new. bed is VERY soft unconforteble. bad small looby.	
Jul 21 2005	Location location location!!!	My wife and I stayed the weekend of 1st July and we stayed in an Executive Double. This was our 2nd visit to the Capital this year, and we decided to stay at the Cavendish again based on the top notch experience we had earlier in 2005. Our room was located on the 7th floor, spacious, huge bed - with a nice view of the London Eye and Big Ben (higher floors obviously offer a better view). Room came equipped with a broadband connection, hairdryer - all the usual things you'd expect. The thing that impressed us the most about the hotel was the cleanliness and attention to detail. Bed sheets were folded perfectly, carpets were spotless and the bathroom was like entering an ivory oasis; everything was sterile white and sparkling clean! There even a phone next to the toilet(?).Staff are well mannered and turned out, and the reservations dept was extremely polite and efficient (kept us fully updated during the booking process prior to the stay), as were most of the staff we came across. Location is excellent just a few steps away from Regent St, the theatres and Piccadilly Tube and St. James, there's even a Tesco Express on the same street! We highly recommend a walk through the local park, very scenic.If you want to stop in London, in a reasonably priced hotel just a stone's throw away from the hustle and bustle - book into the Cavendish!!	
Jul 14 2005	Great Location Very Good.	We stayed at this hotel for one night on Friday 8th July 2005. I booked a few months ago through hotels.c*m (£125 + £25 booking fee = £150). When we came to check in, I asked if they had any room upgrades, and for £40 we got an executive room. The room was boutique style; double bed, chaise-longue, tv, desk, wardrobe, hairdryer, tea/coffee, everything that you would expect at this price. The bathrooms are very nice, but the door is odd, it is part clear glass and part smoked glass - you can see through it!Our room #1210 was on the 12th floor and had a great view of London.The hotel is on Jermyn Street, which runs parallel with Piccadilly - so it is a great location as well as being quiet. We walked to the Dorchestor-Hotel for afternoon tea (25min walk), we got a taxi back (5mins, £5). We went to see Guys-and-Dolls at the Piccadilly-Theatre, this was nearby, we were there in 10 minutes top.The Phantom-of-the-Opera is at Her-Majestys-Theatre and is a 15 minute easy walk away.The hotel is within easy walking distance of St James Palace, Fortnum and Masons is right across the road.Trafalgar Square, Leicester Square, Shaftesbury Avenue are all nearby.If you get a good deal, this hotel is great.	
Jul 13 2005	Stylish hotel well located	I am a frequent London traveller. This is my third stay at The Cavendish, the first since they redecorated in a sleek modern style. It has improved immensely. The elegant Jermyn Street location, stylish decorater touches throughout the common areas and rooms, and the professional friendly staff (dressed in fashionable but casual linen uniforms) all make the Cavendish a cut above the average three star. There are high tech amenities in the room and a decent business center and conference rooms for business travellers. The only negative is room size...they are small even by London standards. My travelling companion reserved a standard room, which was nicely appointed but compact. For UK20/night, I upgraded to a deluxe room, which had more space and views of London landmarks. All things considered, The Cavendish is an excellent value judged by the high prices of decent hotels in the better areas of London.My stay included 7 July 2005, the day of the London tube and bus terrorist bombings. Hotel management were highly professional about helping guests with any problems and keeping us informed.	
Jul 11 2005 	Loved it!	This was by far the best of the central London hotels I've stayed in. Great views from the top floors. The hotel is contemporary, stylish and clean. My room was very comfortable and the bath was huge. Staff was great. Always able to answer questions. Breakfast was ok but only because it was included in the rate. Location is wonderful, even with nearby tube stobs shut down. My new home for business travel to central London!	
Jun 30 2005	Great Hotel	This hotel is a definite. It was more money than we wanted to spend, but we loved it. Super sleek and cool. The staff was young, hip, friendly, and helpful. Small room, but very clean and modern. The bed was very comfortable and they had a great stereo in the room. Perfectly located, we walked so many places and its only 3 minutes from a Tube stop. Breakfast in the morning was very nice. We would stay there again.	
Jun 22 2005 	Rude General Manager	Stayed in early June. Great location. Complained about the size of the room to the General Manager who said that I should have booked a larger room!	
Jun 14 2005	Great Staff	Booked a weekend break via the web site and was quite pleased with the price of £320.00 for two nights B&amp;B for two in a deluxe double room. The hotel was really well situated and right next door to Fortnum &amp; Mason (can recommend lunch there in the restaurant overlooking the shop). We have stayed in better hotels, but the room was very nicely appointed and the bathroom was great. We did experience some noise from the street below at 3am, which turned out to be the nightclub 'Tramp', but it really wasn't too much of a problem. The hotels greatest asset has to be it's friendly, pleasant and helpful staff. Everyone went the extra mile to help - which we found quite unusual for London. The only minus would have to be the amount of guests smoking in the lounge - not nice when you are having a snack or a drink. All in all a very nice hotel that is perfectly placed.	
Jun 12 2005	fantastic hotel	What can I say fantastic hotel , just got back after a suprise trip for our wedding anniversary, feels more like a 5 star than 4! on arrival we were offered free upgrade to suite as we wanted an early check in to enable us to go to the theatre, the decor is first class in and out of room, cant say enough will be back	
Jun 12 2005	Excellent service akk round	Just returned from a 1 night stay at the De Vere Cavendish. We got a very reasonable rate of £140 including full breakfast for a double room via Laterooms. Our friends had a great view from the 12th floor, we were on the 2nd, so no view to speak of, but had a more spacious room with a separate sitting area to compensate. Style of room was contemporary, with a very comfortable bed. Great location near to everything.Service was excellent throughout - check in and out quick and easy. Receptionist came to the rescue as husband had forgotten his cufflinks and they loaned a pair.Plenty of attentive staff at breakfast - I have stayed elsewhere in London where it has been impossible to get coffee and toast to coincide with the rest of the breakfast because you are waiting so long - not so here, and they cooked eggs to order instead of expecting you to put up with one kept warm for ages. Top marks there.Contrary to other reviews I didn't notice any stinginess with the toiletries - which were good (Spa Therapy), and surely it is well known that it is a bad idea to use the hotel phone because of the size of the bill? Most people would be better advised to use either a pre-pay card or their own mobile these days.Certainly a good 4 star standard. Would definitely go back.	
Jun 6 2005	A little disapointed	Outside phone call too high at 2.50 pounds....hotel is way too stingy on supplies like soap and towels....service is just ok and the staff clad in white &quot;t&quot; shirts is just too overdone...they look sloppy...breakast upgrade from continental to full is 6.00 pounds. Overall this is not a four star hotel and I felt a little gouged.... the location is excellant and that was our reason for picking it.	
Jun 1 2005 	Highly Recommend the Cavendish	Great location- walking distance to Picadilly, Bond Street, lots of shops and sites. Hotel has valet parking which is extremely helpful.Overall, hotel is very clean with contemporary attractive furnishings. Staff is helpful and friendly. High speed internet is available for a fee. Good room for both vacation and business. Would definitely come back to this hotel again.Breakfast buffet was very nice and extensive. Wasn't thrilled with room service I ordered for dinner. I have provided pictures of my room, keep in mind this was a Queen corner room so it was a bit larger than most others. I saw a typical room with a full size bed. It was smaller but still very nicely appointed.	
May 31 2005	Fantastic	Great location, just a stone's throw from Piccadilly. Friendly staff and simple check-in. My wife and I stayed in the penthouse on the 15th floor. The view over London was incredible. Room facilities were superb, as you would expect. We enjoyed an excellent dinner in the hotel, and the buffet breakfast was faultless. Would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 17 2005	Terrific hotel	In April 2005 I spent 8 nights at the De Vere Cavendish St. James (aka &quot;The Cavendish&quot;) on a business trip and I enjoyed every minute I had at the hotel. It is a solidly 4-star establishment (the 4-star rating is always a little iffy, so I'm here to confirm that status). Literally one block from the Royal Academy of Arts, 5 minute walk from Picadilly Circus (and great late-night grocery store, of all things) or Green Park tube station. It's a very posh area, and my colleagues who live in London said I got an unbelievably good deal for that location. The help was polite and professional, and not stuffy or snooty. Mostly Eastern European and eager to please. The restaurant food was excellent as was the service there. My room was incredibly quiet and, for a European 4-star, quite spacious. Furnishings were sleek and modern - nothing frumpy in the place. I had a nice view from my room and was given the option to upgrade for $40/night (my room was $206/night booked on alpharooms) upon arrival to a room twice as large with a bathtub (I declined, only because I was alone). Everything was emaculately clean, housekeeping was perfect. The ground-floor lobby was efficient and sleek, and includes a small bar, and the 1st floor includes a spacious, very comfortable and chic lounge and a huge restaurant. The only negatives: very odd was that there was no door on my bathroom. It looked like there was supposed to have been a pocket-door but they forgot to install it, or something. That was fine for me, as I was staying there alone - although I had a couple visitors one evening and that was awkward. The larger room I turned down had a normal set-up. And the place has 3 fairly small elevators and 90 percent of the time, one of the three elevators was out of service, which created anxiety-producing delays before and after breakfast rush on the way to work. Oh, and the mattress was too soft for me - but I still slept well because everything else was so comfortable. I would recommend this hotel to anyone - unless you've got literally twice as much money to spend on a true 5-star establishment.	
Apr 3 2005	A great location in contempory comfort	Booked as a weekend break over the Easter bank holiday (a special offer via the De Vere reservation line).The hotel has an almost perfect location, between Green Park and Piccadilly Circus. The hotel is located on Jermyn street, just far enough away from the hustle and bustle to ensure a peaceful nights sleep. The entrance is very discrete, I almost walked past. The hotels facilities were ideal for our needs. I prefer modern, clean and comfortable rooms - the Cavendish offered just that. The CD player in the room was an unusual touch. Heating/AirCon was quiet and efficient. Bed was the most comfortable bed I have slept on in the UK (does anything match 'heavenly beds' in the USA?)The restaurant and bar were fine. We ate at the restaurant on the first night and the staff were very accommodating to our request for a speedy meal as we had theatre seats to get to. Overall, a hotel that was perfect for our needs - I shall be returning in June.	
Mar 29 2005	Location Location Location	What a perfect place for a hotel, that doesn't cost an arm and a leg. Booked this through BA Holidays and was not dissappointed. Hotel arranged several lunch / dinner reservations and top notch restaurants without problems along with car service (expensive at 50 GBP but easier then doing it yourself and it was a Mercedes). Rooms are very modern and not particularly large, but this is downtown London just a couple of blocks from The Ritz. Minibar is one of those that if you remove something to make room for a bottle that you bought at the local store, you are automatically charged - we just left a note saying not to refill the fridge so that we could store the pop we bought at the TESCO grocery just at the end of Jermyn Street. The only thing that was slightly bothersome was the semi-frosted glass in the bathroom door, which given the angle of the bed, did not provide much privacy when in the WC. All in all, would stay here again for the convenience and the price.	
Mar 24 2005	Great location Awful Uniforms	Found this hotel on Trip Advisor and was not disappointed. The location is great, the rooms are stylish, the staff friendly (although as is usual in London very young and inexperienced. Someone asked where the Royal Academy was and neither person on reception had any idea. It is a huge prominent building about 50 metres away!). I would certainly recommend the hotel. One minor downside, in an attempt to be trendy they have dispensed with the usual suits and ties. I like staff to be smart and prefer the traditional look but if people want something new that's fine but dressing the staff in what look like white jogging bottoms looks absolutely terrible and gives a very unprofessional image. Shame.	
Mar 14 2005	very stylish	Stayed over the weekend on Sat. 12 March until Sun. 13 March, 2005. I must admit that this hotel is very stylish and the bed is extremely comfy. The fact that the room had a CD player is definitely a plus. I can definitely recommend anybody to stay here, since this hotel's location is close to all the good shops, restaurants, theatres and all other London happenings. The other plus is that Jermyn street is quiet in the evening, because it's off the main road and Piccadilly Circus. All in all, a good experience and highly recommended.	
Feb 1 2005	Do not use the phones - My $250.00 lesson	I recently stayed here and thought the hotel was great. The only complaint I had was that the mattresses need to be replaced as I could feel each coiled spring. Then I used the phone.There was no information about telephone charges in the room so I asked the front desk how much it cost to make a local call. They told me 50 pence per minute. I had called my friend a couple of times from a pay phone at a cost of 30 pence each time so the hotel's mark up seemed appropriate. My friend and I talked for awhile, but there was not need to worry about it as it was less than an hour so my maximum cost was going to be 30 pounds. Then the charge for my one call showed up at 135 pounds. When I enquired about it, I was told that the number I called was a mobile (cell phone) and therefore charged at the rate of 2.70 pounds per minute.I checked the British Telecom website and their charge for calling the number I dialed is 8.4 pence per minute so the hotel's cost was less than five pounds. I am very disappointed with the hotel as the mark up 130 pounds on a 5 pound phone call is truly outrageous and made worse by the fact that I tried to prevent this from happening by asking at the front desk beforehand. Sadly I had no way of knowing that my question had to be asked in a more specific manner. The hotel manager explained that their mark up is to cover the cost of a switchboard operator, but at $300.00 per hour, you would think I was paying for sex. Well, I suppose the way this hotel left me feeling, it kinda like I did.	
Jan 25 2005	WOW!	After spending hours finessing a hotel it came down to the Cavendish or the Victoria Park Plaza. I chose the Cavendish because of its great location next to good shopping, restaurants and theater, location cannot be beaten I now believe, I had often stayed in Knightsbridge or South Kensington but all the trips by bus tube aand taxi I used to make from or back to my hotel ! The Cavendish had a very modern makeover 3 years ago and is very comfortable all round, styled towards the minimalist way but not too posed or stark , shower stalls in all rooms(how cool is that ?) Beds very comfy with lots of nice pillows, muted tones and a fake fur rug across the lower part of the bed for your feet, good closet with easy to operate elctronic safe, nice bathrobes, hairdryer, a/c or lots of heat(good for my trip last week!) Staff universally pleasant and interested in helping guests, dont click your fingers like a group from Boston were doing when ordering sandwiches in the lounge, people with serious $$$ dont do that ! Breakfast fine and service good, yes we know its not USA but dont spoil it for others. All round this is a find and comparable in price to some ghastly hotels in all areas, best hotel in 21 years of my visiting London once or twice every year. Unless you are a permanent malcontent book it now, use BAholidays (in USA) as a pricesetter, ps hotel had a 90% occupancy rate last week so somebody likes it too ( in January !)	
Jan 7 2005	Amazing location	We stayed at the Cavendish over New Years, and were extremely pleased with the hotel. The location was absolutely fabulous, could walk everywhere in central London. The room was very chic (faux mink throws on the bed, minimalist furnishings), and the waitstaff look like an Abercombie &amp; Fitch add. Check to see if the full English breakfast is included in your rate, it will more than fill you up. There is a Tesco grocery store about two blocks away, and several coffee/sandwich places in nearby blocks. Only minor complaint is that the staff members were young, and some quite inexperienced. But I would definitely stay here again, and would recommend it.	
Jan 7 2005	Icing on the cake for a great New Year's Eve	Perhaps I'm naturally biased having treated my wife and I to an executive suite at this hotel on New Year's Eve, but even if I were to be picky, I couldn't think of anything more than menial to criticise the hotel. I chose to stay here not only because of tripadvisor's very positive reviews, but it had a car park and was close to where we were going to celebrate.On arrival, someone valet parked the car and another employee was willing to take up a tiny suitcase for us (although I said it wasn't necessary). Got checked in ok. Room was wonderfully big with a massive bathroom. Given we made the most of New Year's Eve, we weren't the most enthusiastic guests to leave by the check-out time of 12pm. I rang up reception and they had no problem extending our check-out by a few hours for free.If there was a downside, then it was the fact we nearly trod in someone's puke on the pavement outside the hotel when we went out for the night. Luckily it was removed on our way back. Can't control the drunks inability to hold their drink I guess.	
Jan 5 2005	Great Hotel Great Location Super Concierges	This hotel was upscale, clean, modern, friendly, in the center of everything, yet on a quiet street. The concierges, though, really made our stay memorable by the suggestions, reservations, and tickets they obtained for us. Would stay there again in a minute!	
Dec 17 2004	Great Comfortable Hotel	I chose to stay at the De Vere Cavendish because of the glowing reviews on this site, and I was not disappointed. I really love this hotel. As everyone else mentioned, the location is ideal. We were in walking distance to almost everything. If we didn't feel like walking, two tube stops (Piccadilly and Green Park) were just a short walk away. The hotel has a sleek, contemporary design and very clean. We were checked in in just a couple minutes and the concierge was very helpful. We could've used a little help with the luggage though.The rooms are small as to be expected, but very nice and neat and really comfortable. We had all the amenities we could wish for. A little more storage space for our luggage would've been nice. The bathroom is very cool.Anyway, this hotel is great. I totally recommend it. I would definitely stay here again. London is at your fingertips!!!	
Nov 29 2004	A Hidden British Gem!	I (a solo traveler exploring London) stayed at the Cavendish for 4 nights in November 2004. This hotel exceeded my expectations! Before I arrived, the concierge assisted me (via email) with arranging an airport transfer. The lobby is contemporary and my queen/double room was of sleek design: TV, minibar, CD player, safe, iron, blow-dryer and excellent Gilchrist &amp; Soames bath products. The room and public spaces were kept very clean and it was surprisingly quiet -- and my room was on the 2nd floor. The only thing I missed was some shelves in the room...The hotel is across the street from a brilliant espresso/coffee house: Caffe Nero. (They are also all over London). Also close-by is a Tesco supermarket. I mention both as this could save some money!Location, as others have mentioned is perfect. I walked to Picadilly Circus (2 blocks), TKTS (1/2 price theatre tickets) booth (10 minutes), Theatre District (15 minutes), Convent Garden (20 minutes), Harrod's (25 minutes)... and the tube is appx. 2 blocks away near the Ritz. The hotel is nestled right next door to Pink and is across the street for Fortnum &amp; Mason (I didn't get there for breakfast regretfully.. next time!).The hotel staff was extremely helpful - from assisting with taxis to giving directions. If you are looking for a subtly hip hotel in a great location, I recommend this one! I know I'll go back! Enjoy!	
Nov 21 2004	Great hotel	The best location in London with a short walk to everything! The room is very nice with great bed, cd-player, minibar etc. Very clean and great service. Stylish hotel. You should go! We found a great price at british airways.	
Nov 5 2004	As good as 4* gets in London	Stayed here with my wife and daughter (cheapest rate I could find was through BA com). Having stayed in many 4 star hotels in London on business this is the best I have had - and location is great with 2 minutes to piccadilly circus.Hotel is designed to be contemporary which applies to young staff in trendy linen outfits. Hotel and rooms are very nice and the staff surprisingly mature and efficient given the age range and nationalities - the young concierge arranged tickets to Taussauds at less than gate price and through a seperate entrance which is good when you have an 8 year old in tow.Breakfeast is good and staff friendly. Only complaints I had were on room service which arrived tepid and on the new air conditioning which seems to have a scent piped through which can only be described as eau de cat wee - but it was November so we avoided the effects.	
Nov 2 2004	Location is great! Service is Not!	The DeVere Cavendish is in a location that can not be beat. It is in walking distance to most attractions and areas of interest ( i.e. Piccadily Circus, Theaterland, Leiscester Sq. Soho, Trafalgar Sq., Oxford Circus, St. James Park, Green Park, Hyde Park, Buckingham Palace, Westminster Abbey, Big Ben, Parliment, etc.) There is plenty of shopping and restaurants within just a few foot steps of the hotel. We stayed here for five nights. We got a good deal through British Airways (approx. $200 per night including VAT tax). However, our room was tiny and with a view only of a roof and a large vent. Small rooms I am told are to be expected. but the view was a real disappointment. But if staying here you should be aware that the room was so small that it was difficult for two of us to move about the room at the same time, making getting ready to go out a cumbersome and awkward process. There was hardly space to keep our luggage and there were no drawers to put clothes into. On a positive note, we had a double bed, which was very comfortable. The room was very clean. The bathroom was very large (although I think it would have been a better use of design and space to make the bedroom larger and the bathroom smaller). The other complaint we had was the overall service. We arrived around 10pm. Since we had been traveling for a week prior to our stay in London, we had two pieces of fairly heavy luggage. There was no bell hop in sight when we arrived. We had to drag our luggage down approx. 6-8 steps then accross the lobby. Just as we got our luggage down the steps, a man did approach offering assistance. I thought he was just a helpful guest that saw me struggling, so I politely refused his assistance. I later learned he was a bell hop. He was dressed in a white tee shirt and khaki pants , but I did not know this was the uniform of the hotel. He had nothing, such as a name tag, to indicate that he was employed by the hotel. He would have been nice if he mentioned who he was. Also, our mini-bar was not stocked when we arrived. Since it was rather late, we so wanted water or a soda and did not want to go out for it. We called and visited the front desk 5 times over 3 days asking for it to be restocked before it was. We were told not to worry as we could just call room service if we needed anything. This did not make sense to me because as expensive as the mini bar was, room service applied a 12% service charge. In the end, the manager did call us to tell us that we would not be charged for any mini bar expenses during our stay. However, we were charged, but the front desk did correct this when reminded. Lastly, the concierge service was not good at all. We asked for a recommendation to an Indian restaurant. The concierge could not think of any Indian restaurants in the area, which was hard to fathom as Indian cusinse is very popular in the UK, especially London (we later found a number of excellent Indian dining on our own). I then asked for a Thai restaurant. He knew of one, but didn't know the name and couldn't think of the address. I then asked if he knew a restaurant that was children friendly, as I was meeting my cousin and her 5 yr. old daughter for lunch. He mentioned Rainforest Cafe. I asked if we would need reservations. He didn't think so, however when we got to the restaurant there was a 1 1/2 hour wait, so we went elsewhere. Bottom line, I would stay at the DeVere Cavendish again for its location and cleanliness, but I would be more prepared for a small room and poor service for a 4 star hotel.	
Sep 27 2004	Good value in London!	Thanks to my fantabulous travel agent I got a rate of 120 pounds a night plus taxes (17.5%). The front desk had to double-check with reservations that my rate was correct, but once it was confirmed as valid all was well. I received a beautifully appointed room on the 14th floor with a marvellous sweeping view of London (Big Ben,Houses of Parliament...etc). Staff were very helpful. Hotel breakfast outrageously over-priced (17 pounds) so I went accross the street to the Fountain Room at Fortnum and Mason's which opens at 8.30am (The Cavendish is literally opposite the rear of F&amp;M) and and had an exquisite breakfast for much less money surrounded for the most part by genteel British businesspeople beginning their day. The other bonus is that the concierge will order a car to Heathrow airport for you that will cost you only 40 pounds (as opposed to the 60 pounds a taxicab will cost you) and it can be charged to your room bill. It truly is worth it if you have a lot of or cumbersome luggage. If not take the Underground (subway)to and from Heathrow for only 3pounds/80. It will take exactly the same amount of time and the station (Green Park) is literally a 5 minute walk from the hotel. The mini-bar is one of the dreadful &quot;pull a bottle out and you are automatically charged&quot; however there is a huge Tesco supermarket a couple of blocks away for you to stock up on snacks and drinks at a fraction of the mini-bar price (2 pounds for a small bottle of water!).The Cavendish is luxurious and ideally situated.The Rembrandt in Knightsbridge would be my next choice if a good rate is unavailable at the Cavendish.	
Sep 16 2004	I'm impatient to come back	My last visit to London was last July 2004. I have been going to London twice a year for the last 10 years (and I know different hotels) and I' m expecting to come back in a few months. Of course I'll go again to the De Vere Cavendish. The staff is lovely, the ubication great and the price is good. I recommend it but, please, don't go everybody at the same time, because I want to have a room in my next visit.	
Jul 23 2004	Will stay there!	We recently stayed at this hotel during the month of July. It was our first stop in Europe before heading to Greece. It was our 3rd time in London and unfortunately we hadn't found a hotel that we will go back, until we came to De Vere Cavendish.The staff was more than courteous. We got to the hotel 2-3 hrs prior to check-in and they were more than helpful on finding available rooms for us. After almost 9 hrs in an overnight flight, you can be sure that this was a welcome to heaven.The hotel reminds me of 'W Hotel's by Starwood. It's definitely a trendy hotel for young business people. The location? BEST ONE in town! We were not only a few meters from the metro station, but we were also walking distance to Buckingham, St. James Park, Picadilly.....among others. When we got to London, we had plans on going on a day trip to Oxford, needless to say that after viewing the hotel and its location, we decided to cancel the trip and enjoy the surroundings.I book the hotel through British Airways Holidays for an average of $136 p/p, including taxes. This is more than fantastic considering that London is more expensive than US. I know that I will never be able to find such a nice and 4 star (literally) hotel for that price never in NY, LA or any major city in the US. So don't think about it twice and book your next stay here.	
Jul 22 2004	Great London Hotel	I stayed here over the Memorial Day weekend, May 2004. I liked the price and the reviews. I ended up on the 10th floor with a great view. It's a very stylish hotel with a great staff. I arrived early in the morning and was informed that check in was in about 6 hours. However, they worked hard on their own to get me in a room in one hour. The staff was always kind and asked if I needed anything......even the maid always had a cheerful &quot;good morning&quot; for me every day. It's well located right across the street from Fortnum and Mason, coffee shop down the block, restaurants and pubs nearby, grocery store down the steet, and Picadilly a quick 2 blocks away. The tube is just a short walk away too. I will definitely stay here again. The room was very nice and the bathroom was great. You couldn't see through my glass window on the door. It was opaque. There is an in-room coffee/tea service with crackers which made waking up nice. And the toiletries were top-notch.	
Jul 10 2004	Great location shame about the bathroom door!	My husband and I stayed for 1 night at the De Vere Cavendish in June 04 to celebrate our wedding anniversary. We chose this hotel after reading the reviews on Tripadvisor. We were very pleased with our choice. The location was great, service good, rooms contemporary &amp; comfortable (although a little smaller than expected). Our only complaints were that the shower was not user friendly and the bathroom door was transparent glass! We would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to others and would stay at the hotel again.	
Jul 3 2004	best hotel for the money	We just returned from England &amp; after staying at a couple locations in the U.K. , the Cavendish was great. I cannot say enough about the hotel, its staff &amp; service . You cannot beat the location or compare it to any other 5 star hotel for service or price. Very modern &amp; comfortable.	
Jun 24 2004	Location Location	My husband and I stayed at the De Vere Cavendish for 4 nights June 2-6, 2004. The location was perfect for taking the tube to and from Heathrow Airport, for attending the theatre nightly and meeting our needs for numerous destinations within walking distance. We were able to take advantage of great room pricing through BA which included a continental breakfast and for a slight charge a full English breakfast was available to us. The room had an extremely comfortable queen size bed, sufficient closet and shelving space behind mirrored closet doors for clothing and while the bathroom was small I thought the Villeroy &amp; Boch basin was a nice touch. Decor is contemporary, streamline and efficient. Rooms were quiet without street noise or hotel noise. If it had gotten any warmer at night the climate control would need adjustment but hopefully a call would have corrected any discomfort. It was perfect for our needs and we would certainly recommend the hotel to others and look forward to staying there again. Deborah 	
Apr 26 2004	Amazing location!	My boyfriend and I recently stayed two nights at the De Vere Cavendish due to an amazing rate through British Airways. The room was tremendously comfortable (the most comfortable bed I had during our two week Europe trip). It wasn't huge, but I was expecting small so I wasn't disappointed. It had a good closet and bathroom so we didn't at all feel cramped. We had a nice view of the London Eye and London rooftops. The location was terrific as we were able to walk to virtually all of our destinations in good time--close to Picadilly Circus and St. James Park. The Underground stop is not to far off either. The staff was very friendly throughout the stay. We never tried the breakfast, preferring to find something quick as we walked around. My only complaint was that the lobby was very smokey. Our room, however, was not.	
Apr 19 2004	Excellent location! Great deal when you can get it!		
Apr 6 2004	A fine hotel		
Mar 31 2004	Loved the De Vere Cavendish St. James		
Feb 28 2004	Good Choice Great Location		
Jan 7 2004	Loved the location		
Jan 6 2004	Nice 		
Dec 31 2003	Loved the Devere Cavendish Hotel-St James Place		
Nov 5 2003	Great location for first time visitors		
Aug 11 2003	Excellent Location Great Hotel		
Jul 10 2003	Great location Ok service		
Nov 7 2009 	Superbe hôtel...		
Oct 17 2009 	Mal servicio		
Aug 13 2009 	Parfait pour un weekend en amoureux		
Jul 20 2009 	idéalement situé !		
Jul 20 2009 	Genial		
May 9 2009 	decisamente da consigliare		
Apr 19 2009 	hotel molto buono posizione eccezionale		
Apr 9 2009 	Idéalement situé impeccable et très agréable		
Mar 20 2009 	Bell'Hotel		
Dec 11 2008 	Klasse Hotel		
Dec 11 2008	cavendish london		
Sep 16 2008 	eccellente!		
Apr 16 2008 	Muy céntrico		
Apr 14 2008 	fantastica ubicación		
Jan 21 2008 	Da rifletterci.		
Jan 8 2008 	Muy bien si estas dispuesto a pagarlo		
Sep 17 2007	Buen hotel genial ubicacion		
Apr 10 2007 	Muy recomendable		
Sep 17 2006	Parfait! Design chic et bien placé!		
Aug 10 2006	Excelente ubicación		
Aug 5 2006 	Buon Hotel		
