	Nice hotel terrible rooms	The hotel is nice but they have spent so much time, chopping the rooms up, double beds barely fit in the room, standards don't have a bath only a small shower, the bathroom is tiny, unless you pay for a suite, which you wouldn't u'd stay in 4 star hotel, then u won't have wireless in your rooms, ironing board, aircon (and the hotel is very hot) I had to buy eye drops and had nose bleeds it was so hot at night. The rest of the hotel is nice but I would not recommend staying here as the rooms are awful as they have tried to make as much money as possible out of us by making the rooms very small to get more in and u get nothing, u even have to pay to use the hotel pool!? What.	
	Excellent Location Noisy though.	Myself and My Partner Stayed at this hotel on the 24th November just for 1 night to see The Lion King. When we arrived we were early and got to the hotel at just gone midday but the hotel staff could still check us in although we had read normal check in wasn't until 2.30pm. This was a bonus! Conceirge were happy to hold our bags if it wasn't possible though so we didnt have to keep them with us. We had a room on the 1st floor at the front of the hotel which was a bit quieter than some of the others but still noisy enough for my partner to find it hard to get to sleep. Beds were uncomfortable also which didnt help. extremely hard! Bathroom is tiny!Excellent location for both the tube which is about a 2 minute walk down the road and Oxford street on the next street, So perfect for Christmas shopping and exploring London. Would stay again for the location but no more than 1 night!	
	definitely won't go back	I stayed in this hotel for 2 nights, I will never go back again. The price is not cheap at all, I have read the review but still try b/c I think London's hotel is like that, small and expensive. My goodness, after I slept one night, my legs have red dots, but I saw there is a nanny working in this hotel, therefore the room should be cleaned up. I don't feel comfortable at all in this hotel even though the location is great. The receptionist at the lobby is a trainee, I think she is very tired of her job, you can't hear what she says, she just talking to her nose. She looks very sleepy. It is a busy hotel, and when we check out, the elevator is not working, end up we need to walk to the ground floor, very outdated hotel. Walking distance to British Museum.	
	Excellent - go for a suite it includes fab breakfast. Great location comfortable room	Thoroughly enjoyed staying, we are not seasoned travellers but know what we like. Excellent location for theatres, good restaurants and Oxford Street. Good transport links, bus straight to and from Victoria, Tottenham Court Road tube just round the corner. British Museum round the other corner. Staff friendly and helpful. We chose a top of the range suite which was excellent and included luxury breakfast so in real terms paid £149 (£169 minus 2 x £10 breakfasts) air conditioned on 7th floor so no noise. Worth every penny. Hotel was full and busy but everyone kept smiling (except the barmaid at 11.00 at night who had obviously had a long day!) concierge desk excellent help to those who are not used to London. Plan to make this our base for next trip.	
Nov 18 2009 	locationlocationlocation!!	great location very close to tottenham ct rd tube-theatres all very accessible.I think slightly overpriced for what is classed as 3 star. adequate enough though for 1 night stay &amp; breakfast to go(danish,drink &amp; fruit) was included in the price. Room small but fine for short stay-would not want to stay there in summer as there is no aircon(some rooms have it but at extra cost).	
Nov 14 2009 	Good value hotel right in the middle of all needs ie shopping shows	good hotel, up graded rooms when we got there, staff helpful, would stay there again, 2min walk to oxford street and would recommend it to all friends and family.	
Nov 10 2009 	Perfect location	stayed here oct 09, just a weekend getaway with a friend. The hotel itself isnt spectacular. the rooms are small and a bit shabby but they were clean and comfortable. the bathroom needs updating but again it was clean. the bar was really nice and the buffet breakfast was brilliant they had everything. we didnt go down any morning until about ten and everything was fresh, couldnt fault it. the best thing about this hotel was its location. it was perfect. right next to underground and right in main shopping area. the musical 'we will rock you' is right across the road, a must see!! central to everything. if your looking for a basic hotel right in the centre of things, this hotel is perfect!!!	
Nov 9 2009 	Perfect location for shopping 	I am surprised this hotel hasn't gotten higher reviews.It in a perfect location just off Oxford st. Rigth beside Tottenham Court rd tube station.The hotel is basic enough and reception is always busy but I'm not surprised it's busy as it is a fab price for city centre.Staff were so helpful with advice of restaurants/getting cabs/general friendliness.I will definitely stay here the next time I visit London.	
Nov 9 2009 	Excellent Location	Arrived in Heathrow from Dublin, got the underground to hotel, only one change, cost £4 for one way. You get off at Tottenham Court Road, cross over Oxford Street &amp; the hotel is just off to your right. Check in was Ok, the rooms were TINY!!!! They were clean, but you wouldnt spend much time in them. Excellent location, just off Oxford Street, about 10mins walk to China Town, 15mins walk to Leister Square &amp; Picaddily Circus.Get down for breakfast early as it does be packed. Its a very busy hotel, book early. I would recommend the hotel, only for its location, next time I might try the Thistle Hotel, Marble Arch, its at the other end of Oxford Street.	
Nov 6 2009 	well situated	we stayed at the St Giles for one night only, we where pleasantly surprised with the location, the staff, accomodation + value for money. Yes the rooms are small but tell me someone who wants to spend time in there other than to sleep, the location of this hotel means you are in easy access to all the sites, shops, landmarks +theatres with the tube station only 50 metres away. This was our first visit to this hotel and we will definitely be back for another visit + longer stay! We were recommended this hotel by a friend who uses it while on business in London.	
Nov 2 2009 	Great location terrible bed	We stayed for 12 nights which put some extreme pressure on our backs with a terrible bed. The room was small but it is only a spot to sleep. Location was great with easy access to the tube or any of the city sites. It was lovely to stroll through soho and all the great restaurants there. Breakfast was ok but, you need to get there early. Breakfast choices seemed fairly limited after 12 straight days. We had a very noisy room with sirens on Tottenham Court Road all night. I would not recommend the hotel during summer as the rooms were very stuffy even at this stage of autumn.	
Nov 1 2009 	Excellent location	We have just come back from London and we stayed at St Giles. The location is excellent for most of the sights and the west end.We were upgraded in the hotel to an executive room as they had no superior rooms left and the room was excellent, very large and had a great city view.We took advantage of the complimentary breakfast included in the upgrade, however the service in the restaurant was terrible as we were waiting ages for someone to take our order. I am glad I was not paying for it.Friends of ours stayed in a standard room and it was very small, however for the price, this hotel is in an excellent location and small rooms is what you generally expect for this location on a budget.	
Oct 29 2009 	Fantastic Suite	I did reserve in this hotel several times before . Each time in a standard room .The where smal but clean .It was the good location of this hotel that kept us going back .But last march i was in for a surprise , out of the blue i booked the executive suite at a verry decent price .When i arrived i could believe it , a view over London from every window , even the bathroom .Luxury verry warm and nice, spacious , in every room a flatscreen Tv etc ..After a sightseeing day in london a pleasure to return to .In short a nice price for such a lovely room .Will be going back April 2010 , booked the same room .	
Oct 29 2009 	Appalling	The foyer was constantly full of coach trips arriving, the breakfast room was like a student canteen without enough tables, the heating in my room didn't work and there was barely enough room to tun around once I was in my room. Needless to say there was no space in my room for me and my suitcase at the same time.	
Oct 26 2009 	Small room but well located	We paid £111 for a double room with breakfast on Saturday 24th October as we stayed in London after seeing a show.The hotel is well located just a 3 minute walk from Tottenham Court tube station. When we arrived at around 2.30pm, there was a long queue to check in so we went for something to eat before going back half an hour or so later and the queue was down to one or two people. Efficiant check in for us, directed to room 252 on the 2nd floor.The room was small with a small double bed, in fact the room was smaller than our room at home and we have a king sized bed as well. There's not much wardrobe space, no mini bar, a few drawers, the tv was hidden away in a cupboard, you had to pull the shelf out a little way but had Sky Sports One, which we weren't expecting. There are tea &amp; coffee making facilities and more importantly, a plug socket right by the large mirror, ideal for plugging a hairdryer or straighteners in and much better than those horrid hairdryers in bathrooms. Our room seemed to be in a fairly quiet part of the hotel, no disturbances during the night from road noise or other guests.The bed was comfy, the bathroom was also small with just a shower cubicle but a good shower, shame the towels are pretty little, I'm a five feet nothing size 12 and it only just covered the important bits :)The alarm went off around 9am the next morning and several guests were wondering if they should go downstairs, we did using the staircase but I was surprised to see not one member of staff directing people or just telling us it was a false alarm - which it was it turned out to be. The lifts seem to take an age to arrive any time we wanted to use them so we did use the stairs quite a bit, along with several other guests, particularly when going down for breakfast. Breakfast is in a huge great canteen style room, basically you grab a table, sit down then one of you goes up at a time to get what you want. There's no table service at all, apart from clearing the tables, you make your own hot drinks and queue for your breakfast, but there's a decent choice, bread, fruit, cereals, bacon, sausages, beans, hash browns and scrambled eggs, which had a powdery taste. That said, it was hot and you just served yourself, so could pile up your plate if you wanted to.Check out was again efficient.I would stay here again as it wasn't an unreasonable price for the location in Central London, but I wouldn't stay for more than the one night due to the lack of space in the room. It's a big hotel, slightly confusing corridors as another poster commented but the location is excellent.	
Oct 22 2009	What's all the Fuss about?	Four of us travelled from Liverpool and stayed in this hotel in October 2009 - ages ranging from 27 - 80. We had twin rooms which were more than adequate for what we wanted i.e. a reasonably priced central hotel to avoid getting on the underground late at night. Our first night there we spent all day sightseeing and then went to the theatre so we didn't actually check in until after 11 p.m. I telephoned hotel to say I was going to be late and they told me not to worry just have a good time, the rooms would be kept etc. The rooms were sure big enough for us (what do you need a ballroom for?) Beds were comfortable and clean, hotel warm, bathroom clean, clean towels, hot water, good shower, complimentary toiletries and teas and coffees. Hairdryer in room. TV Bar open till 2 ish. Plenty of lifts. Breakfast was fine - pretty standard stuff - but nothing to complain about. I would definitely stay here again as it was so close to Leicester Square but set back so was quiet and what is more.......on the Sunday morning we witnessed them filming an episode of the Bill!!! Yeah and my favourite Sam Callis was there, so I was well chuffed. Only one complaint........our stay in London wasn't nearly long enough!!!	
Oct 18 2009 	Great location - shoe box room	Have stayed there 3 times - what is great about the hotel is the location (in the very centre of London:Oxford Rd X Charging Cross Rd X Tottenham Court Road) and the affordable price. Stayed in a single room the size of a shoe box. If you open your suitcase on the floor - there's no more room. The bath&quot;room&quot; is even smaller . The breakfast room was like a uni canteen - and the quality of the food was below average. Bearing in mind that this is London.You probably couldn't get away with such rooms in Vienna or other European capitals except for Paris maybe - and charging such a price.Long wait for lifts and quite confusing corridors to get to your room.	
Oct 16 2009 	never Stay never again	stayed for 3 nights for the first time because of its location. after looking at the web site , i had hoped a pleasureable stay; but here is the summary-chaotic check-in, small room, worn out dirty carpet, dark room, bath room insuffient light for shaving in the morning (just guessed where would be my beard hair); bad cold breakfast, cold boiled eggs, bad scrambled eggs, noisy bar, and worst of all-continued intermittent noise at night probably from boiler to keep you awake--no relaxation at all. only good thing is location but then there is Edwardian, ibis, Thistle nearby-much better. i will never go there again. please don't stay here. there are better places. total waste of money.	
Oct 15 2009 	great location!	The hotels location is great! very central, just 3mins away from tottenham court road tube (central line). covent garden, soho and oxford street jst a few minutes walk away! and a straight (10min journey) bus right outside to camden town for all the young trendy travellers! the room i stayed in was a reasonable size, bathroom only had shower cubicle and was quite small, but it did the job. no air conditioning, but it had a electric fan, room only had 1 socket. breakfast was ok. the lifts were slow moving. however for the price me and my friend paid for, we had no complaints and we would totally stayed there again, mainly for its location!	
Oct 14 2009 	Blackpool in the heart of London	Having witnessed a French visitor doing a spinning act and making a meooowing sound next to me, I had an idea of what he was trying to get through to the vacant girl behind the reception, she was totally uninterested in what was going on and just ignored him and checked me in!! Not good start?Having checked in and then faught for a lift to get to our room (760) 7th floor, we entered and then backed out to check we had a double. Space around the bed was limited to a foot on one side and two feet on the other, minus the wardrobe and dressing table.Bathroom was even better, nearly 4ft square in total, it was like a phone box with a toilet and sink! :(Lights in the room were all low calorie bulbs and took an age to light up.What you actualy get for your £120 a night is a Blackpool B &amp; B bedroom, which is then complemented by the Canteen at Longbridge, where queuein for your food is mandatory and then a fight for a table ensues.The bedrooms have all the splendour and comfort of trying to sleep on Boeing 757 across the atlantic or in a shop doorway down on cCharing Cross Road.In 30 years of world travel this is without douibt the worst hotel we have ever stayed in and a complete rip off at £120 a night, however, it is in a great position within walking distance of the Picadilly Theatres (5 minutes) Oxford St (5 minutes), if you feel you can suffer the rest and have money to burn, then you have yourself utopia!car park at rear is subsidized by 50% if you stay at the hotel, just have the conciarge stamp your ticket.Tip for all London travel is go at the weekend not in the week as prices are down by 40% and the choice of rooms is geater.	
Oct 13 2009 	Small rooms for price you pay	No parking but you get a discount for the car parkRooms really small for what you pay, travel lodge are biggergood location though	
Oct 10 2009 	Smallest room I have ever stayed in	We visited this Hotel recently as part of a coach trip, we wanted to stay on in London and there was no availibility for us and we were really glad after we got to experience it there.The room was so tiny and it was hot, no air con and the window was so small it only opened part way as the t.v was blocking it`s opening. It was also very noisy. The bed was not comfortable and I was really glad to be out of there.However it was clean and breakfast was o.k and the location was excellent.We would not return though.	
Oct 10 2009 	Good Location	Just returned from a 1 night stay at the St Giles hotel, Location is excellent just 2 blocks from Tottenham Court road tube station, Staff were friendly, Good conceirge, Rooms clean but ours did have a terrible smell which meant the window had to stay open, Breakfast very very busy and not up to much, but they are catering for a lot of guests.	
Oct 6 2009 	Terrific Location and Decent Service for Budget Travelers	Being next to Soho and the West End theaters, two blocks from the British Museum, very short walk to Tottenham Court Road tube station, and the fantastic price, all make up for a lot of minor complaints that other reviewers have mentioned. The rooms are small but clean. The elevators are usually crowded but elevator time is reasonable. The concierge desk was very helpful. Breakfast was fine--busy but well-organized and on a par with mid-priced (more expensive) hotels in London. Street noise substantial with windows open but closed windows at lights-out time virtually eliminates the noise. (Closing of windows in the high summer might be problematical, though.) Taxi pickup for the airport was smooth. I may be easy to please, but I will go back to this little find. As a home base for London cultural and shopping activities, it's great.	
Oct 2 2009 	A few downsides but altogether fine for the basic purposes.	Not half as bad as most reviews I have read.The service was fine. The Concierge indeed very helpful and pleasant.The room (single) was very small, and far from luxurious, but clean and sufficient for my needs.The elevators were sometimes slow to arrive (3rd floor).The European Breakfast was great! And I never had to wait in a long line (came down to eat everyday around 08:00. If you come later it may be different).The location is perfect! Although it also means there is noise from outside most of the time.Altogether: if you're looking for a hotel to spoil you, this is not it, but for bed+shower+breakfast - it's fine.	
Sep 27 2009 	Kind of OK	So if you are stuck for somewhere to sleep for one night and you get offered this hotel, thats fine, if you are looking for somewhere to hang out for a week/fortnight - keep moving. Some of the comments in the other reviews hold true. - the rooms were small (Everyone in my group said so - the sample size is &gt;10)- My room was a bit grubby (And had a weird smell)- The beds were short (And single in my case) - WFi was absent i the room and paid for in the lobbyHowever- The location is good (British museum less than 3 mins)- I found the staff fine- Breakfast was passable (Lunch was good)- The bar was ok and the staff entertaining This is a tourist class hotel servicing what seems to be coach parties, budget holidy makers and the clubber market - It is not as one reviewer said &quot;A hostel&quot;. Price point is keenbut expect what you pay for.	
Sep 23 2009 	Suitable for midgets	We really looked forward to our recent break in London. We arrived at the hotel and the reception is stylish, but there it ends. We had to queue to book in and felt as if we were invisable as free receptionist talked among themselves ignoring us. Finally we were processed and give a key, told third floor and that was that, no directions to the lift or other information.Once out of the reception area the passges to the rooms are narrow and unattractive and on our floor plasterers were repairing walls. It was not possable to carry the suitcase into the room, door not wide enough. It had to be pushed in first or dragged after. The room and ensuite were tiny, dingy and the beds very short. The internet had promised a pool but this was not the case you had to go to some neighbouring club and pay £4 each. Breakfast was a nightmare after a long wait the full english was cold and the scrambled egg like rubber. We will obviously not be returning.	
Sep 23 2009 	Executive Suites are an amazing bargain	I really wasn't expecting the rooms to be as good as the description but was extremely happy with the quality of the accommodation, particularly the huge windows. I had a big room on the east side of the 7th floor for my first week - wonderful panoramic view across London. This room had a microwave and crockery, which was a welcome suprise. The room for my second week had views to the west, with the sofa in a perfect position to admire the sunset across the rooftops. Both rooms were very spacious and comfortable with xcellent showers/bathroom fittings. My only grumble would be the long wait for the lifts at peak times. I got a good price through booking.com and would thoroughly recommend these rooms.	
Sep 23 2009 	MORE OF A HOSTEL THAN A HOTEL	Very disappointed with the so called 3 star hotel. Location is fantastic but the hotel is really awful. Rooms are tiny, facilities minimal and moreover the hotel is so big that it is a problem even to find the stairs- I suffer from claustrophobia. all in all NOT A PLEASANT EXPERIENCE!!!!! STAY AWAY!!!!	
Sep 22 2009 	Tiny room!!	This was the smallest double room my wife and I have ever stayed in anywhere. The bright blue illuminated hotel sign outside the window also made it the best lit room we've ever slept in, which is not the best thing at 2/3/4/5 in the morning!! It was also noisy, being on Tottenham Court Road, which meant that opening the window wasn't an option so that the room was stuffy. Breakfast was okay, but rather lukewarm. We won't be coming back!!	
Sep 21 2009 	One of the best for the Price	Just Stayed for 3 nights earlier this month. We have stayed in this hotel on 2 previous occasions because it is central for Oxford street and withing walking distance to many of the shows. Some of the rooms, although at the same price, are quite small so you have to be carefull of this. Forget the breakfast - too expensive and there are may places within 100 mtrs from the hotel. The pool &amp; gym doesn't belong to the hotel so there is an additional charge. Very helpful staff.	
Sep 21 2009 	Clean enough but a bit smelly	Room/ shower room was very small which was to be expected however was bit smelly due to old furniture etc. Breakfast was ok but not great. Wouldnt stay again.	
Sep 20 2009 	I would not stay here again	On the surface this hotel presents itself as smart and business like. However get passed reception and the rooms are small and dated with the same limited facilities as a travelodge, just less up to date. I could not bring myself to use the tiny bathroom with yellow hair dryer. I have had better breakfasts in backpackers hostels, the included options was limited and there was no seating. I don't mind basic but this hotel pretends to be more than that and disappoints when you get there. Honesty would be a much better policy.	
Sep 10 2009 	Good Value For Money	We have stayed at the St Giles for 3 years running. Very close to the West End theatres &amp; the tube. The rooms are on the small side but we didnt plan on staying in them all day! There is no air con but they have now provided rooms with fans which does seem to help. It can be slightly noisey with the window open but it is the centre of London. The breakfast has a great choice of either full english or continental. As long as you go down early there isnt much of a queue. Any time after 8 in the morning there is a rush which also means that the lifts are slow.All in all a totally adequate, clean hotel which we thinks is good value for money.	
Sep 7 2009 	Terrible hotel - even at the price	This is probably the worst hotel I can remember staying in, the reception looks fairly promising, although goodness knows how anyone disabled would manage the steps to it ,but the single room was around 10' x 6' and grubby. No bath just a dirty shower with a broken shower head, Thank goodness it was only for 1 night had it been more I'd have moved, as it was I arrived at about 10 pm so had no time to find another place. The lift service in the morning was laughable and took around 6/7 minutes to turn up. Overall a terrible hotel and I got the feeling from other residents that they shared this view.	
Sep 6 2009 	Good budget Hotel for Central London	I have always used this hotel, after I left living in London. It is clean and staff helpful, plastic stirrers in rooms instead of spoons, I did not like. Hot breakfasts were cold. Rooms are okay, bathrooms a bit tired not all with bath. Generally a good located spot. I think from now though, I will stay in Richmond and tube in, Richmond House Hotel is lovely and with Parking, but this is due to how dirty London now seems.	
Sep 3 2009 	Very basic and terrible food but good value for location	The hotel is good value for money and having access to the fitness facilities &amp; a pool in central london for the price is very impressive. However be warned that this hotel is basic, the rooms are tiny, there was no air-conditioning and it was the worst breakfast and worst canteen Ive ever had! Never the less at the price I paid I would use the hotel again and eat breakfast across the road in one of the many coffee shops in the area.	
Sep 3 2009	Excellent Location	Dont expect too much for the price, the rooms are very small but ideal if you are just looking for a bed for the night. People complained about the noise from outside but there isn't a lot you can do in the middle of London! The main thing that lets it down in not enough lifts, people were waiting over 15 minutes on higher floors for the lift.Breakfast you need to get there early, there are queues for hot food if you leave it too late but the selection is excellent for the price you pay.If you want to leave your bags in reception after checking out they will charge you a fee.Would recommend for somewhere in easy reach of everything.... I will defiantely use this hotel again	
Sep 2 2009	great location great value would def stay again!!	situated 2 mins from tottenham court road tube station, and 2 mins from the dominion theatre where we will rock you is resident, and 5 mins from the shaftesbury theatre where hairspray is resident, this hotel was ideal for our stay in london!!rooms slightly small side, but we only slept and showered there. nice bar to have a couple of drinks after a great 2 nights of theatre!!!!	
Sep 2 2009 	Central location	After reading some reviews of this hotel we were expecting the worst-but we were pleasantly surprised. The room/bathroom were very clean. Bathroom was small but had a powerful shower. The room was warm but so was the weather -just opened the window and put the fan on. Breakfast was good. Staff helpfulThe hotel was so central and the weather was good so we walked everywhere	
Sep 1 2009 	Location location location	If you are looking for luxury you are in the wrong place but if you want a small room with your own bathroom in the heart of London for a decent price, this is for you. Will be going back...	
Sep 1 2009 	Cheap and cheerful	The location of this hotel was spot-on for a theatre weekend. Rooms are small and hot but clean and comfortable. Tiny ensuite! The breakfast was a bit of a scramble: although they did serve up a wide choice and a cooked selection, there were nowhere near enough seats, leaving you wandering around aimlessly with your tray whilst your breakfast went cold! One day we'd had enough and insisted on taking our trays to our room, so that at least we could sit down to eat! There were very few English staff, as usually happens in such a cosmopolitan city, so there were some difficulties communicating. Very expensive bar downstairs. Very helpful concierge. Overall a pleasant stay: cheap for central London!	
Aug 29 2009 	Very compact but convenient and clean	It is the rooms that are compact, not the hotel, which is a huge 1960s concrete horror (architecturally only... read on!!). We got a huge discount which put a very different spin on the place. If we had paid full price I think I would have found the lack of air conditioning (although there was a cool air fan, thankfully!) and the minute scale of the room a bit of a let down. For what we paid, though, it was good enough and clean and reasonably equipped. The shower was fine and the hotel restaurants were alright as well, although the mass catering for breakfast is a sight to behold, being the rather like the United Nations on an especially well attended day. The staff were more friendly and helpful than I would have expected from a central London location and it is that central location that really makes the place worthwhile, you are 3 minutes walk from the British Museum and the tube station is just across the road. If you can get a good price and cope with a small room, then I think you could do a lot worse. Less noise than expected too.	
Aug 29 2009 	Enjoyable Stay	Having read a lot of these reviews after I had booked the hotel I was expecting to see a hotel that was filthy! Infact it was very clean, everybody was very friendly and helpful, there was plenty of choice for breakfast and lifts didn't seem slow to us and we were on the 8th floor. The rooms were hot but they were only somewhere to sleep I wasn't expecting to stay in room all day so that was fine. It was noisy but then again we weren't in the country so what do you expect! It was close to all theatres and they were all within walking distance and the shopping was great. As a family we could not fault this hotel and would certainly go back again. People obviously want 5 star luxury for 3 star price!!	
Aug 28 2009 	Great for a Theatre/Shopping trip to London	I was really impresssed with this hotel considering the location and the price we paid. Central location is fantastic and we enjoyed using the pool, which was an added bonus. Stones throw from Oxford st, China Town, Theatre's, Sights etc. Room was small, (never had a large room in central London hotel tho!!) but very nice &amp; clean. I would definately recommend this hotel, it's is a great base for a break in london if you want value for money and a great location. I thought the buffet breakfast was good also, great variety available, just help yourself. We are coming back here to stay for another christmas shopping/threatre break this year.	
Aug 27 2009 	small room	A very small room in the corner of the building. Disgusting furniture, dirty bathroom and toilet. Didnt sleep very well. Breakfast was absolutely horrid. Wouldnt recommend it to anyone!!!!!!	
Aug 26 2009 	If you like queuing then stay here!	We booked 3 twin rooms which had no air conditioning, a window that opened marginally ( because of the sheer drop from it) and a &quot;ventilation system&quot; that failed to work despite repeated requests from us to have it looked at.After a weary afternoon in the Capital, 3 young boys wanted to cool down in the pool -- so having spotted the lengthy queue at reception we made our way down to the gym (took 10 mins to get lift) we asked if OK for our 3 boys to go in the pool &amp; were told no problem in fact free swimming until 1730. Perfect!! Up to reception via the street as the lifts were still taking ages so while 1 mum went off to get towels I queued in line at reception. Paid my £12 admission -- queued again for lifts -- &amp; entered the gym -- filled in health forms for boys (I ask you!!) and then discovered over an hour after deciding to swim that it was lane swimming only -- completely inappropriate for 3 under 11's! Manager duly apologised &amp; promised to have our money refunded.After a swelteringly hot night we went to the room that we had been directed to for breakfast -- no sorry we had to go downstairs &amp; join the queue as the room was full.Great another queue! I decided that while the rest of my party queued I would get our swimming money back. I did get my money back after a verbal confrontation with the desk manager telling me that the gym manager had no right to dictate what the hotel would do -- I didn't need to hear this &amp; feel that was an arguement for 2 managers not for the client. Whilst waiting at the desk I watched guests as they went in to the upstairs breakfast room that we had been declined access to!!Generally the hotel has a rundown, unloved feel to it that deserves a major overhaul in this modern society.However on a positive note at breakfast the food was good &amp; the service attentive -- what a shame the rest of the hotel can not learn from them.	
Aug 23 2009 	Good Value for Money	I stayed at this hotel on a Hen Weekend for one night. We checked in early, and were allocated rooms straight away which was brilliant. The reception staff were very helpful and ensured that most of us were able to stay on the same floor. The lifts in the hotel are incredibly slow and don't work properly (we pressed to go down and we went up).The room was tidy and fairly clean. One complaint was the shower which wouldn't drain properly and the water wasn't very hot.The Concierge was always very helpful, and able to call us 3 taxis, which weren't very expensive. The Concierge also has a large room for left luggage, which was very useful for when we went out after having checked out and waited for our Limo home.As part of our stay we went to watch Dirty Dancing at the Aldwich Theatre, which didn't take long to get to so the hotel was conveniently located.I thought the Breakfast wasn't very good and pretty basic, (long queues at peak times- about 9-10) I didn't even see any toast available and the orange juice wasn't very nice.All in all for what we needed the hotel was fine, there were just a few things that could be improved.	
Aug 20 2009 	Great location and excellent value for money	Location was of paramount importance to us and after reading some reviews I was not expecting much else. I am pleased to say that I was wrong!! We were able to check in early with the help of a smiling receptionist, the conciege was weloming and all the staff we came into contact with were friendly and helpful. We had 2 twin rooms on the second floor and both were of reasonable size - they also fronted on to Bedford Ave which was a very quiet road so we were able to leave the windows open all night. The rooms were clean, extra towels were provided and the shower was perfectly adequate. We went for breakfast at 8.30 and did not have to queue. The breakfast was good, hot and had a lot of choice. I would certainly stay again.	
Aug 18 2009 	Very Enjoyable Stay	After reading some of the reviews I was extremely nervous when we arrived at the Hotel especially as I was the one who had chosen the Hotel in the first place.Check in was v ery quick and pleasant and they even let us check in early. The rooms were clean and adequate for our needs. Can't understand people complaining about the size of the room what on earth are they wanting to do in there?There was plenty of menu choices at breakfast time and the bar in the evening did a lovely Pimms and Lemonade.The staff were all very friendly and I would come back here again when I visit London. An excellent base right in the centre of the city	
Aug 16 2009 	Hot noisy and bedroom to small	stayed for one night found this hotel not up to standard with regard to room size, it was very hot with no air con, double bed very small partner ended up sleeping in the living room area on the two seater settee ! breakfast was like a staff canteen staff very buisy and not friendly at all, having said that i cant blame them as they were rushed of their feet ! we payed less money for a 4* in the docklands which was a beautiful hotel although st giles was a good location i wouldnt stay there again.	
Aug 16 2009 	Amazing location far better than I expected	With a theatre trip to Les Miserables planned we wanted somewhere central to stay. Having clocked this hotel many a time when staggering back from the clubs I thought its locality was perfect however the outside was not inviting.We booked online without any problems. Following a last minute change of plan I called the hotel to find out about parking. Apparenlty my simple question of what is the daily rate for the parking was far too complicated for the staff, it took 7 attampts to get the answer!!!For those with a similar question, parking is in the NCP carpark underneath the hotel, at £18 something a day. It is a discounted rate and when you check out take your car parking ticket to the concierge and they stamp it to ensure you get the right rate.We arrived at 7.30 Friday night, my wife was not impressed with the outside of the hotel, to be honest it looked worse than I remembered. That is until we rounded the corner and reached the reception, suddenly it looked better than I had ever imagined, typical over marbled and gold hotel swankyness, check in was superfast and within minutes we were swopping upstairs in the lift to the second floor.We had an excutive room, interesting layout, super comfy bed and decent sized bathroom. Swivel flat screen for bedroom and living area and a splash proof one in the bathroom.We changed and headed out, 7 hours and too much wine later we found ourselves immensely greatful for the location as we staggered back to the hotel. Purchasing a couple of beers from the vending machine we went to our room.In the morning we had the pleasure of the executive breakfast. The waitress was pretty rubbbish but the food was good, cereal, pastrys cheese and bread. Meats, youghurt even actimel was available. Then an option from the hot list (boiled eggs with soliders for me, full Fry for the wife). As much orange or apple juice as you like and tea and coffee.We hit the bathroom which was, I have to say, not the best, the water pressure was absymil more of a soft drizzle rather than the powerful blast we wanted, not to mention the 10 minute wait (I timed it) till the water got hot!!!Saturday night was a perfect example of good concierge service when my dress was gaping at the boobs and they kindly found a way of getting something to fix it!Sunday was a simple check out, no waiting around no messing about.All in all a great stay, couldnt ask for a better location, a good bed and decent price. Same as hotels all over no better no worse.We checked out Sunday, superfast service We arrived Friday 14th about 7.30 and	
Aug 6 2009	Great hotel good location and an amazing breakfast	I have stayed in the St Giles hotel 3 times now. It is very conveniently located, right by Centre Point and about a 2 minute walk from Oxford Street. The rooms are clean, but if you are a couple staying there, make sure you have a twin room as the double rooms are a lot smaller than the twin rooms. The best thing about the hotel is the breakfast, so make sure that when you book breakfast is included. There is a choice of rolls and croissants, then there's fruit and yoghurt, also full English. There's many choices of tea and coffee and also hot chocolate and cold drinks. The only downside to the hotel in the lifts (elevators). It can take a long time to get there sometimes. I think that the hotel can accommodate at least a thousand people. I found the price for this hotel average for what you get in London.	
Aug 4 2009 	Ok hotel - but that's about it	As with every business hotel in London it seems, the rooms at this hotel too, are so small you have to step out to change your mind. Thankfully we were able to upgrade to a junior suite.Other than that the hotel is absolute OK. Location is great, no need to take the tube to go shopping. The access to swimming pool and exercise facility must be one of a kind in central London.	
Aug 1 2009 	Great for a one or two night stay-don't be put off!	This is the second time I have stayed here, with two different groups. For a short visit to London, it's a great place. Check-in was efficient and we could check in a midday. the rooms were as requested and very clean, Small, yes but what do you expect for £80 a night b&amp;b in central London? I have learnt never to book a single as all hotels seem to offer cupboard space for these rooms, wherever you go in the world!. We were in the breakfast room by 7:45 on Friday morning and there was plenty of space,There also seemed to be more tables than on our previous visit. I have also stayed on a weekend and found it ok. Breakfast was plentiful, a choice of continental meats, fruit, cereals, and a hot selection, it was back bacon too, not that streaky rubbish I've had in other places! If I were to spend a longer period of time in London it would be better to have a bigger room and a view from a window which opened and I can understand tourists who are on organised tours being disappointed with some aspects of the St Giles, there is no room service, the windows don't open very far, the rooms are very small and there is a lot of noise outside.It can also be very warm as there is no air-conditioning in the standard rooms and you have to balance this with the noise from the street. However, for those of you who have already booked and are worried, it's nowhere near as bad as some reviews make out, especially if you have just booked for somewhere to rest your head for a night in central London.	
Jul 30 2009 	OK good value for money	when we arrived the staff were very helpful , me and my mum went to see hairspray and they told us how to get there and were very friendly. the room when we got back was very hot so we opened the window and it was very noisy so we both didnt get a good night sleep , i went for a shower in the morning and one of the clean towels had a brown stain on it , it was disgusting. We then went for breakfast it was ok but nothing special the bacon didnt even looked cooked. i would stay here again as its good value for money	
Jul 29 2009	St Giles Hotel Holborn London. Will not be revisited	Our trip to London was for our son's graduation, obviously it was a very special event and we booked this hotel for it's proximity to all the areas of London we enjoy visiting eg; Liecester Square, Covent Garden, Oxford Street etc.Yes the hotel was perfect for this, and our son works very close to the hotel so, we were able to meet up with him easily.What can we say about the hotel?Great location, comfortable beds end of plus points.Staff could have the occasional smile for guests perhaps,room very small, no air con, needed to ask for a fan to help cool the room, fusty smell in room, cleaning staff knocking on door even though do not disturb notice was on display, 08.00 am.Decor in hotel very very tired and dirty, lifts to all floors worked but, we needed to wait 10 to 20 minutes for one to reach us, continental breakfast was 2 items plus coffee to go, no decent bedroom furnisings, our room had 12&quot; hanging rail and shelves, (NO DRAWERS TO KEEP YOUR SMALLS IN) and safe in room didn't work.We will in future stick to hotels we have previously visited and been most satisfied with.July 2009	
Jul 22 2009 	location excellent hotel not so	Not the best choice hotel if you are disabled, the facilities are very limited for wheel chair users. To get to the first floor restaurant you have to use the staff lift. Also when I complained about the room which was tiny I was told they only have one room adapted for wheel chair users (the hotel has over 700 rooms). The location was excellent for the westend. The price was a little high for the room sizes	
Jul 20 2009 	Not the best Hotel or room	We stayed at the St Giles for one night in July. I had requested info on the car parking prices on my booking request but got no reply, when i checked in the guy commented &quot;oh you want to know how much car parking is ...ask him (conciege) he will sort out a discount&quot; - he couldn't. The room was so small that the door would not open far enought to get the cases through (and they were only pull along overnight cases!) the bedding was clean - but i was not convinced anything else was.... There was only one, very dim, light in the bathroom so that when you closed the shower curtain you were showering in the dark! I wish that i had spent an extra £20 or so (the double room was £90) and stayed somewhere nicer!!	
Jul 20 2009 	Enjoyable stay	I was a little worried having read some reviews. We arrived hours before the booking in time and were expecting to leave our luggage with the concierge, however when we arrived at the desk the concierge suggested we try and check in. The receptionist was most heplful and looked up our room which was ready so we checked in. The room was small but had everything we needed. The bed was comfortable and the bedding very clean, as was the bathroom allthough small it was pristine.On the downside it was noisy with the window open but that is what you expect in that location, poloce sirens and theatre goers were to blame. We ended up closing the window at 1.30am. There was a fan provided.Breafast was busy self service but catered for all tastes.We used the stairs except for when we had cases it was quicker than waiting for a lift.It just goes to show how different travellers experiences can be!	
Jul 20 2009 	great value and would stay here again	Great location - a 2 min walk to tottenham court road tube station, in walking distance of covent garden/leics square/theatres. Check in went fine, we were a large group, the staff were friendly and even though it was very busy they took time to arrange us rooms on the same floor. The rooms werent ready straight away but this wasnt a problem as one room was available so we could put our bags in there whilst we went to see the show. We has a mixture of twin rooms and single rooms, yes the rooms rooms are small but more than adequate for a wkd in london, if you want big luxurious rooms, then you will have to pay the price!. The rooms were very clean and comfortable bed. Ladies, remember to take your own hairdryer though as the one in the room is very old fashioned!. Lots of choice at breakfast, full english, cereals, crossiants etc. Check out was at 11am, but you pay an extra £20.00 to keep a room til the evening. If you are going out for the day and dont want to take your bags, then you can pay a pound to the concierge who will store them and give you a ticket for collection. There is a nice area with settees in reception, and although we didnt use the hotel bar, it was modern and looked very popular. I would come back to this hotel and would recommend it, but not for a romantic break where you want luxury.	
Jul 18 2009 	Poor Service - Consier somewhere else	Stayed for one night at the St Giles hotel. Ok, positives - good location and close to Oxford Street - ok that is it.On checking in - I was asked what I wanted, not the welcome I expect in a hotel. The check in girl completed the check in process without speaking again - on my key card holder - it had the words stamped &quot;NO CREDIT&quot; because I was staying on business and my company had paid for the room - I questioned this and the girl said because the room charges had been paid I would not be able to charge anything to the room.On arriving into the room - I was staying in an Executive Room on the 10th Floor - quite a large room with nice floor to ceiling windows. The room felt dirty, it wasn't but the strong use of red made it feel quite grubby. The air-con worked well and the bathroom was spacious though seemed much more modern than the room. No room service options here, though tea/cvoffee provided in the room and small fridge with 4 bottles of chilled water - thought that was a nice touch.I had to ask for directions the next morning was dealt with my rude and unhelpful staff. Checking out I was explained that I felt the service really let the hotel down - I didbnot receive an apology. This hotel is certainly no frills - not really a business hotel and I hvae since asked my company to remove it from the booking list - not suitable at all because of the poor customer service.Do consider somewhere else.	
Jul 15 2009 	Run for the hills.....don't go!	Rude, rude, rude! There was no service to speak of at all. The hotel staff was the rudest I have come across in my many years of traveling. I am a budget traveler and have stayed in many hostels and cheap hotels but this takes the biscuit! I had cleaner bedding when sleeping in stilt huts in the Amazon. In fact the walls were thicker there too. After one night of listening to my neighbours enjoying their stay, I decided it was time to leave! That plus the hairs in the bed and bathroom were enough to make me want to go to a YHA! Run, run for the hills.....in fact save your money from not staying in this hotel and you'll be able to take a cab there!	
Jul 15 2009 	Don't go!!! Wouldn't recomend EVER!	Booked this hotel for a three day stay for 5 people in July but they booked it for June and charged us!!!!!! My credit card was fraudulenty used. When I phoned to discuss I was treated with contempt and distain. They were not interested. There was no politeness or discussion. Definitely would not	
Jul 15 2009 	Overpriced Thai Prison Style Rooms	If you end up there with a single room and can't find another hotel in time try to get the older room. They're more like western prison cells in size. Only tiny luggage will actually fit into the room.In the renovated single rooms the toilet is only separated from the rest of the room via a thin curtain. So if you ate mexican, you and your clothes WILL stink the next day!Other guests solved that by sleeping in the lobby or using the public bathroom in the lobby.Your sink is inside the shower which is a tiny area by itself. And judging by the position of the sink it is only designed to wash your private parts.The room is basically a long narrow chute leading up to a tiny bed area and on the way there you pass the curtained bathroom.No in-room Internet and it'll be £10 a day only in the lobby! Phone system has terrible quality, you can barely hear the other person, vending machines don't work properly and their cooling is off way too often to save them money (as one of the maids told me after I had 2 warm Evians in a row).The corner rooms get all the smell from the thai kitchen directly into the room if you open the window. If you don't open the window over night you'll wake up with a headache because the room is too small for the oxygen needs of an adult.	
Jul 13 2009	A bit of the tropics in UK	Unfortunately, we hit London during a terrible heat wave. However, while everyone else in our group enjoyed rooms that required blankets during the hot nights, our room was like a blast furnace. We made daily requests for 3 days and for 3 days nothing was done to make things comfortable. We were finally able to get the mgmt. to open the window, which helped a little; however, since it overlooked the local train stop, it wasn't too quiet. It's a very inconvenient distance from central London, taking about 35-40 minutes to reach the city during non-rush hour traffic. Breakfast was good and reasonable, although we ate no other meals there.	
Jul 12 2009 	Serves its purpose but this hotel is very tired	This hotel is very well located for the West End and competitively priced. My room had just enough room for a bed, wardrobe, small desk and tiny shower room, but was clean and everything worked. It was very noisy and double glazing is long overdue but apart from that no serious complaints.On entering this hotel you face a flight of stairs, no lift, no ramp. I was concerned about carrying my suitcase up, but had I had restricted mobility there was no way I could have made it into reception. I think that is actually illegal these days. TWO bored porters ignored my struggle with the bag, I have no idea what they are paid to do other than watch this little pantomime.My room was on the first floor and once I had left my bag I tried using the stairs, but once was enough. Narrow, and extremely unpleasant, I was glad I wasn't trying to escape a fire with several hundred people in that dreadful space.Breakfast was acceptable in quality but the room and the set up reminded me of my student days over 30 years ago with splintered furniture, over-bright lighting and rough floors - designed to get you in and out as quickly as possible and it certainly works.	
Jul 11 2009 	GREAT LOCATION AND BRILLIANT VALUE HOTEL	Got to say I was quite impressed with the St Giles.Checked in early in my room at 11.30am which was a bonus. Room (double) was small but very clean.Big plus point is the Sainsburys central which is a 30second walk from the hotel which is ideal for cheap snacks and drinks. They sell warm bacon baguettes for £1.50 which is a big saving on the £9.95 the hotel wanted for the buffett breakfast.Other plus points are the nice bar downstairs and the on-site gym in the basement and of course the 5min walk to the west end etc.Minus points are the rooms are a bit small for 2 people and the lifts can be really slow at times, the outside noise can be quite loud and the lack of air conditioning in the rooms.Will definitely be staying again though on my next visit to London.	
Jul 5 2009	Great value in a central location for short stays	Perfectly happy with my stay at the St Giles, don't quite understand why there are so many bad reviews. Checked in an hour early with no queue (on a Wednesday), quickly got room key (although the receptionist seemed to insist on speaking to my mother instead of me even though I was the one paying - I know I look young but even so)! Didn't have to wait for a lift going up, had to wait a few minutes coming down each time but we were on the 11th floor so that was to be expected. The room was very clean, lovely size, with opening windows (noisy on the Tottenham Ct Rd side but what can you expect in such a prime location in the middle of London). Nice little bathroom - small but it had a shower, sink and toilet so what more could you need! The whole hotel was stiflingly hot but we went on one of the hottest days of the year (easily 32c outside). There was a fan in the room (though make sure you have a proper look around when you get in as we didn't find this till the next morning)! They could do with investing in air conditioning for the hotter months, even if only in the reception/restaurant areas.Breakfast was ok. Wouldn't rave about it but they had a good selection - full English, cereals, fruit, yogurt etc. Only complaint I have here is one that could be applied to many UK hotels - I am lactose intolerant so therefore have either lactose free or soya milk with my cereal. I asked a (foreign) member of staff if they had this because I'm lactose intolerant and she said sorry, we don't have skinny milk, we only use semi-skimmed! She thought I was asking for low-fat milk (!) - I couldn't get through to her that drinking normal milk made me ill, which just frustrated me! I went to Sweden recently - they have lactose free milk behind the counter that you just have to ask for - great! UK hotels should follow suit.Other than that little gripe, great stay at this hotel. It's perfect for being central to West End theatres (this was my reason for staying) but it's literally 10 steps from Oxford St for shopping heaven too, and just across the road is Soho Square - a rare green bit of London - which was perfect for relaxing in the London heat waiting for shows to start. And, if you happen to go up soon, you'll have the pleasure of one of the many park pianos that have been placed across the city, where anyone can just walk up to it and start entertaining you!	
Jul 2 2009 	Great Location - Shame About The Hotel	The twin room was tiny, bathroom was extremely tiny and the shower unit !! - well I think swinging a cat comes to mind. I must highlight the fact that I did ask on 2 occasions that something be done about the noisey, wobbly bed. Neither my friend nor I got any sleep during our weekend break to London because of this. I did threaten to take the mattress off the bed and sleep on the floor but things were made worse when I saw the state of the heavily stained mattress. Decent breakfast but breakfast room (cafeteria) was very tired and shabby.	
Jun 28 2009 	Room not ready on arrival	Arrived at 2pm to be told that room was not ready and could not be given a time. As we had a flight booked on the London Eye and tickets for Oliver, we had to leave our luggage at the concierge desk with not chance of freshening up for our afternoon and evening out. We did not get to see the room until we arrived back at midnight. The only plus that we had as we had a room for 3 adults, at least we had 2 rooms but they were small. The bathroom was unbelievably small with a shower that did not have a nonslip floor (I felt very unsafe). There was a fan, thank goodness as the room was hot, no extractor fan in the bathroom and opening the windows was a non-starter (traffic noise), however to plug the fan in we had to move a unit and unplug the TV.The last trip down to lobby resulted in a 10-minute wait for a lift (on the 8th floor so did not fancy the stairs). The lifts were small and 6 people plus cases were enough to stop anyone else getting on.Pluses - a few. Central, breakfast OK but busy. Lazy Dog bar - excellentWould I use it again - extremely unlikely	
Jun 28 2009 	would never stay here again!	This hotel was in a very good location. It was reasonably clean. The breakfast was edible. Nothing got stolen. That's the good stuff! We arrived at 2.30pm with our two children for a theatre break. We had booked two rooms and were allocated one straight away, with a promise that a room next to that one would be available later. We left all our bags in the one room and went sight seeing. Arrived back at 5.30pm to be told that the nearest other room was three floors away!! My husband and I were going to share with one child each so they wouldn't be alone, but we wanted to be near to each other as a familly!! Have never ever had this problem before in any other hotel. Our second room was tiny and the shower head sprayed water all over the bathroom, soaking my clean clothes. The room key didn't work so I had to take my tired daughter back down to the reception to get them to re-set it. This took 20 minutes! I live next to a field full of sheep, so the outside traffic noise didn't bother me. What do you expect in a big city? However for the money that we paid, I would have liked a shower and key that worked. The theatre show we saw was Oliver and it was brilliant. Rowen Atkinson was fantastic. We met Jodie Prenger afterwards and she was so lovely!!	
Jun 26 2009 	Glad I wasn't paying!	I stayed for one night on business, so I had not booked the hotel myself.The lobby of the hotel is deceptive, giving a good impression to guests.I was shocked though when I arrived on my floor.When the lift doors finally open, something reminicent of my university halls of residence is revealed. A pink carpet which does not fit the floor properly in drab hallway.My room was a double, but i was glad I was staying alone as there would not be enough room for two women to get ready in a room of that size.The TV was so old that the symbols on the rubber buttons had all worn off, so it took some guess work to operate it. It was an old style tv with a big back, so when I opened the window I nearly whacked the tv onto the floor.The traffic is loud and the room is hot, so one or the other must be endured before sleep. The location of the hotel is excellent, so traffic noise can be expected, which is why proper air conditioning should also be expected by the traveller.For me though the real disappointment was the bathroom. I have a bit of a fear of nasty bathrooms. Small spaces, noisy pipes and poor lighting, leave me feeling very anxious, so I'm afraid I didn't manage a long shower at this hotel. The shower was built into a cubicle space in the bathroom, which meant that when the shower curtain was shut there was no light.Tired and old fashioned bathroom, and tired dated room. I have stayed in travelodges and etaps which were much cheaper and much nicer.	
Jun 13 2009 	Great location... everything you need for a city break.	Stayed at St Giles Hotel beginning June 2009. This hotel is huge 11 floors and I think it has 1000 bed rooms.The rooms are quite small and compact... but they are very clean. They deliver everything you could want for a weekend break. Although they do not provide irons in the rooms. But they have designated ironing rooms. The only downfall of this hotel is that at times we waited almost 5-10 minutes for the elevator. We were on the 9th floor, so facing the stairs was a challenge. There are four elevators for 1000 rooms, so atpeak times the elevators were really busy.Reception was large and all the staff we met were very efficient. However the whole lacks any personal touch, it's very impersonal and you can easily feel like a number.Breakfast takes on a buffet format, very much help yourself attire. Nice and simple.The location is great. Right next to Central Point. Tottenham Court Road Underground. Also right beside the 'We Will Rock You Theatre'. Just round the corner from Soho. The location was a great selling point.The hotel always semmed to be well staffed. Always a concierge on to help.The Bar attached to the hotel is very nice. We did not dine within the hotel - except breakfast - hence I cannot comment on the restaurants. Overall, simple, large - but nice.	
Jun 12 2009 	Basic central London accommodation	This place is in a great location a dew mins walk from Tottenham Court Road Tube and very close to main theatre areas. It is however basic, ie very small shower, no bath, small beds and rooms and decor wise is stuck in 1992! If you are looking for somewhere convenient and you are not bothered about the frills and luxuries such as flat screen tv etc, it's ok. Feels a bit like a youth hostel. They need to get better lifts though as itd fine going up but you seem to wait an age to go down. It's never more than £100 for a basic room though so for central London is Ok. You can get more for your £ though if you head out to somewhere like Bayswater.	
Jun 10 2009 	Overpriced Small Noisey rubbish do not go!	This hotel is so well located it is a shame its such a let down i paid £97.00 for a double room! which turned out to be a twin for me and my partner why would i want 2 single beds!????upon my arrival of the room it was a twin (2 single beds!) they couldnt change it for me  the room was tiny the shower was rubbush and the room was noisey and stuffywhatever you do do not stay there its like a hostel but triple the price and no way near as good!	
Jun 4 2009 	Short trip to London and back	Hotel was situated centrally.A nice place to stay in general for few days but standard dbl rooms do have very narrow beds and for 2 persons to stay in a room one has to insist for twin bed standard room. Other facilities like tea /coffee facility and breakfast choices etc were quite satisfactory.The concept of room service probably has never been given importance,eg just to get a glass bottle being opened nowhere a bottle opener is available even after contacting operator/housekeeping/restaurant.Such small handicaps do irritate patrons.Breakfast items were quite repetitive for all 7 dyas even in the choice of eggs.It is surprising to note that in a breakfast restaurant hot milk is nowhere available for a simple cup of tea.This is our true experience described during our stay.Management shud seriously consider improvisation on above irrregularites.	
May 26 2009 	Business with a bonus	Stayed at the St Giles recently and was really happy to see a great deal for breakfast and great service from the staff. Managed to get my room inc breakfast with HC (link below) who seem to have some kind of offer on here.The location is great and the staff are friendly and helpful, the hotel is a little old and worn but for this location at this price its certainly a good option for the £100 a night mark.http://www.hotelsclick.com/index.php?&amp;country=UNITED_KINGDOM&amp;city=LONDON&amp;hotel=ST._GILES&amp;hotel_id=4806&amp;distributor=Tripadvisor	
May 25 2009	Nice Enough Altho expensive	We were on the 9th floor, the room was tiny, but clean, and as we werent in it that much it wasnt a real problem. It was also quiet which I really like whilst away. The buffet breakfast I thoroughly enjoyed and thought was of a high standard. Didnt get info from desk staff re breakfast etc... But managed to find out own way easy enough. This hotel has easy access to lots of transport.	
May 24 2009 	dont be shocked!	Thats what the receptionist told us as we went to look at a single room! We thought we had booked 2 doubles. We were shocked!! Room was tiny on the corner of the building and very claustrophobic. Receptionist was very helpful and managed to move us to two twin rooms which were fine. Rooms were clean. No noise from the hotel but very noisy when window open but cant be helped in central London! Ideally situated for everything touristy. Breakfast was fine. Staff very helpful and friendly. Would use again for an overnight stay.	
May 22 2009 	Better than expected...	Booked this hotel months ago, for a two night midweek break, then read the reviews which made me worry a little. However had booked an executive double which was just as the pictures, with a lovely big modern shower room, marble walls and spotlessly clean. We were on the 9th floor at the back and were not bothered by noise at all. The rooms were warm but we had the benefit of air con which we spotted the second day! The room wasn't huge but just right, very comfortable and with a digital TV on the wall. When I looked on the map of our floor I could see how small some of the rooms were-literally half the size so I can see what people mean about room size. We didn't realise until we got to our room that we were entitled to an 'executive' breakfast. This turned out to be in the Japanese restaurant and was lovely, with a choice of hot breakfasts which were served to our table after we had helped ourselves to cereal, juice, croissants etc. There were only half a dozen people in at the most so very quiet. That was on the first morning. Second morning, arrived to find that due to technical problems there was no executive breakfast so we were directed to the main buffet breakfast which was ok because it wasn't that busy. I soon came to realise though that we had been spoiled the previous day as the food wasn't as good quality, I had cereal and the milk was sour, I pointed this out to a member of staff who told me where there was another milk machine but unfortunately this was also sour. My partner had the cooked breakfast which looked ok though and the coffee was alright.I must say though that other than this we had a good stay. Reception were polite and efficient, although queues were a little slow at busy times, concierge very helpful, lifts were always busy but we didn't have long to wait, the hotel is perfectly situated for the West End and compared to other hotels in central London that we priced up, I would say that this is great value for money. We also tried the hotel bar and found it to be cheaper than some of the bars we had been in in the surrounding area and had the benefit of waitress service.We would stay here again without doubt.	
May 20 2009	would definately recommend	I would definately recommend this hotel. I will be using it again. Stayed in the disabled room - was advised before booking that the room wasn't for people 100% reliant on their wheelchair - thankfully I'm not. The only thing we slightly stuggled with was that the door was only just big enough for a standard wheelchair - there was no way I could propel it myself. I cannot speak highly enough of the staff. The concierge and his staff were amazing. There are about 8 steps up to the reception so we had to use a wheeelchair lift which was always ready and waiting for us. They also brought and collected our luggage to and from the room and we left it with them after we'd checked out at 11am (we collected it at 6.30pm). Everytime we needed a taxi the concierge would take us to it and always help me into it. For breakfast we needed to use the service lift so had to ring for one of the staff to take us. They were very prompt. We went down to breakfast about 8.15am and had no problem finding a table. About 8.30 it got more busy with people having to wait but not for long. We stayed for 2 nights and found the room to be plenty big enough for what we needed - a place to rest and sleep.	
May 14 2009 	Choose another hotel if you have the option	I was booked into this hotel on a business trip, so did not voluntarily choose to stay here. Its location is right in the heart of the tourist zone: at the corner of Tottenham Court Road and Oxford Street, so all the theatres and China Town/Soho is on its doorstep. However, this optimum location for sight-seeing is not great if you are trying to get to sleep as the road outside is very noisy all night long (even with ear plugs) making it impossible to leave the window open. I suspect it would be stifling in the summer, as there is no air conditioning. The check-in was painfully slow and as the hotel has crammed in as many rooms as possible into its square footprint, this makes the lift service inadequate: be prepared to wait a long time or use the (hidden-away) stairs. I have stayed in hotels all over the globe but was deeply disappointed at my room given the price (£70+). I couldn't quite touch both walls of my room with my hands outstretched, but not far off. The single room was so tiny that it reminded me of a cabin on a ferry - especially the microscopic bathroom (opening the door of the bathroom would remove the knees of anybody sitting on the toilet!). In addition, the cistern of my toilet had a constant overflow into the shower unit, so the noise of this dribble did not aid my sleep. The quality of the food at breakfast was OK but it's a mad canteen service where you grab some food and try and find a space to sit next to other guests. The cleaner came to do my room at 8.20am and at 8.30am, somebody came to try and clean the inside window! At this point, I gave up and left. I did not sleep well here. I did not enjoy my stay and I was not in a good mood for my meeting. Sorry, but I can't recommend this hotel.	
May 7 2009 	Would not go back	I stayed in St Giles Hotel from 30th April to 2nd May, I work in a Hotel myself, so I know what to expect. Check in was slow-20mins-no information given by male receptionist re breakfast, directions to rooms, bar, facilities etc. Room was tiny, no room to &quot;Swing a Cat&quot;! It was clean but not worth 74GBP per night for a single room. Bar man and concierge were friendly, this was only redeeming feature. This hotel lacks class and friendliness. Only thing good about it was its' location. Poor value for money and poor rooms. I never write a review but felt compelled to this time.	
Apr 29 2009 	Not for me	Yes the St Giles is in a great location with easy access to the tube, but that is all the good news. We stayed one night and I found the room to be small, musty, and loud. The cupboards are not finished and the carpeting needs to be replaced. The hallway on the first floor has patches taken out with duct tape holding it down. Breakfast was plentiful but very busy.	
Apr 28 2009 	bad value for money	we stayed in the deluxe double room. what was deluxe about it? The bathroom was so small you could touch all for walls without moving. Housekeeping turned up at 8.15 to clean the room!!! There are building works going on around the corner which went on all night. The breakfast is ludicrously expensive.	
Apr 26 2009 	Wonderful Location	Hotel right in the heart of London just off Tottenham Court Road. Within walking distance of everything. Room, yes very small, but they have everything you need including Tea &amp; Coffee &amp; hairdryer. Shower was lovely, powerful &amp; hot. Rooms very clean &amp; bedlinen spotless, just how long do you spend in your room in a city!! Hotel bar - The Lazy Dog is a great place to meet and the service is first glass. Cannot comment on Breakfast, we ate out each morning, can highly recommend the Giraffe Cafe just in front of the Royal Festival Hall, wonderful food &amp; breakfasts are outstanding - 20 minutes walk from hotel.Hotel has 4 lifts, unfortunately not enough for the number of people staying in the hotel. Thankfully we were on the 2nd floor and used the stairs, expect a wait each time you need the lift. There is very little natural light in the rooms but for what we paid I would certainly stay again, I did not pay 4 star prices so did not expect a 4 star hotel, but I was really satisfied with this hotel.Can recommend the Comedy Store for a good night out, we booked on line and had a great night. Then Jersey Boys is also a must, great music and has that feel good factor.	
Apr 20 2009 	Good location very basic tiny rooms!	Stayed at this hotel for a 4 night stay. We booked a twin room. The rooms are tiny and only have a small window that opens slightly. Clean and basic. Very good location. The breakfast is lovely but at busy times, no place to sit! All in all, i would go back again as its in an excellent location. Just at the end of oxford street which is the main shopping area.	
Apr 17 2009 	excellent position	A london hotels go i would recommend this one as excellent value. The rooms are a little on the small side - but most people don't spend much time in their room when in london. Breakfast was included which was a bonus. Choice of cooked or cold but very busy so a bit of a fight for seats! Try coming back 5 minetes later as it could be half empty then! The position is ideal for the centre of london. Only a few minetes walk from tottenham court road tube and walking distance to oxford street. I would use this hotel again.	
Apr 12 2009 	Value for money	I stayed for one night with a friend when we went to see Phantom Of The Opera. We had a twin room that was ample enough in size for two of us for the duration of our trip. In all honesty, who stays in the hotel room when on a city break??Service was excellent from check in to check out. Extra pillows were supplied when requested. Rooms were all clean. We had a bath tub with a shower over which was lovely and warm. Yes there was noise, but the hotel is in the heart of the West End not in the country! Double glazing did its best to curb the street noise.This hotel is great for a short break, breakfast was ample and if you have a lay in like we did, we missed the rush and walked straight up to the buffet.Would stay here again if on a short break.	
Apr 9 2009 	Great for one nights stay - not so good for a holiday	I stayed at the St Giles Hotel on a recent business trip. For me it was exactly what I needed - a clean bed and a clean bathroom.BUT - I wouldn't want to stay here for more than one night. The rooms, although clean, are small. The rooms were a bit hot too - with only the window to use for ventilation.The bathroom was also compact (shower cubicle only - no bath). I could maybe manage two nights here if i was on holiday - any more and I would try and get somewhere that has a bit more room.Breakfast was actually quite good. Considering there are about 600 rooms (12 floors with about 50 rooms on each floor), the breakfast service needs to be quick (which it was). Yes, it is a self-service buffet, but it does contain all you need for a sensible breakfast.The location is great if you are a tourist (being on business the location doesn't bother me). The tube station is very close by. Oxford street (great for shopping) is on your doorstep, and the west end for all those theatre shows is around the corner too.	
Apr 1 2009 	Great Location - like a travelodge	Perfect location for Covent Garden etc.. rooms are small and clean but noisy from outside although its ideal for a one noght stay but don`t bother with the breakfast its crap and like a school canteen.Basically the hotel is like a Travelodge.	
Mar 31 2009 	Small 	I found the room to be a bit on the small side (no cat swinging room). If you suffer from claustraphobia this is NOT the place for you. Apart from that it is very handy for the Underground/buses &amp; West end Theatre. Rooms clean and tidy. Staff polite and courtious. Breakfast is very good, plenty of variety, food for the skinny freaks to eat along side the full English if you fancy that.I personally would not stay there again. I don't have a problem with the hotel but I like my room to be a bit bigger.	
Mar 29 2009 	Little Boxes	OMG, I did not realize that a building that has rooms this small could legally call itself a Hotel.However, If all you want is a bed for the night then this hotel is ideally located at the top of Tottenham Court Road. Oxford Street is 2 mins away and most of the West End Theaters are within walking distance.Could not fault the breakfast or the selection. You need to be an early riser however if you want to avoid the queuing.Overall, it suited our purpose, but I would not stay for a week!!	
Mar 26 2009 	perfect place for a short visit	St Giles is perfectly situated for visits to theatres, Covent garden central attractions and shopping trips. By London standards it is very good value. We travelled down by train from the Midlands into Euston Station. Travel mid week and mid day and get amazing deals from Rail Easy. The hotel was a short taxi ride away, another bonus. We checked in very quickly but it was mid afternoon. There were queues in the evenings. Our double room on the 6th floor was small but had everything we needed. If you are on the large side it might be a bit of a squeeze in the bathroom. The room was clean and the view was what you would expect from a central City hotel but at least it was quiet. The bed was a small double, we have different ideas to the Americans what a double is but again it was adequate for our 2 night stay. We had a show on the first night so decided to eat in the Hotel and the Italian Restaurant offered a reasonable menu and our choice was well cooked and presented and enjoyable. So good in fact that we ate again the following night. Was not impressed with the bar area. Did not try the Breakfasts which apparently only offered a fixed rate Buffet style. My Wife is only a small breakfast eater so we chose to take an early morning walk down to Covent garden, took about 15 minutes, and ate at the Ponti Restaurant which was excellent. We like to walk and found we could cover all the Theatre area, the Embankment, Westminster, London Eye, Trafalgar Sq, Piccidilly circus, Oxford St, Shaftesbury Av etc. For that reason alone I would recommend this hotel. Even if you dont care to walk there is a tube station within a few yards that will link you to all the underground system. Our final show was &quot;We will Rock You&quot; at the Dominion. Thats brilliant by the way.And that entailed our shortest walk as its only about 200 yards away, a real Bonus.	
Mar 26 2009 	Good value Hotel	Well situated for main attractions , Rooms small but adequate, clean, beds comfortable,Good selection of food for breakfast, Staff friendly enough, would use again	
Mar 22 2009	Good location but still a godless hell-hole.	The title may exaggerate a tad, but I definitely did not enjoy my stay. We stayed in the St. Giles hotel for three nights as part of a group tour we were taking. We had already been warned that it was a &quot;European Small&quot; hotel, which made me a little apprehensive, but I had stayed in European hotels before so I wasn't too worried. When we got there, it seemed okay. Nothing about the lobby offends your senses, and the staff seemed welcoming and friendly. We then tried to get to our rooms, which is where the nightmare began...The lifts were atrocious, it's a long wait to get on one and if you're only about 3 or 4 floors up then you just have to give up and take the stairs. They overload with so many people on them, so some have to be pushed out to wait for the next lift to come. I took the stairs almost every time. The rooms are extremely small. When luggage is laid on the floor, you might find yourself crawling over beds to get around. They were also way too hot, and the small prison-style window we were given had to be left open all day just to keep it cool enough for the night. It's still very difficult to sleep given how hot it is in the room, I had to do away with the blanket.It's dingy and depressing in the room. And even navigating the way to your room is harsh, because there are so many winding corridors and confusing signs. I got lost on many different occasions. As the day grew late while I was touring London, I found myself wondering if I should just pick a nice bench in a park somewhere to have a good sit instead of returning to my God-awful hotel room.In short, the St. Giles hotel is a place that I would only recommend to my worst enemy.	
Mar 19 2009 	Excellent Location But..	This is a late review, but my friend and I stayed at this hotel for one night last june for a shopping weekend.The location of this hotel is excellent!!! One minute walk from underground station, sainsbury's across the road aswel as a McDonalds.The rooms are very small, but are fine just for the one night. The shower room was VERY VERY small, and we found that it hadn't been cleaned properly from the previous people that stayed.Breakfast was included in the cost, but had a very good variety!! Small cereal boxes, aswel as bacon, pastries, beans etc.There is a swimming pool at the hotel, but is at an extra cost.We stayed on a Saturday night, and they had a special offer for a late check out (2pm) on the Sunday at a charge of £15 which we done and found was very useful!!	
Mar 17 2009	Heres the thing its not that bad!!	Stayed at St Giles on the night of the 14th March 09 with a group of friends for a 50th Birthday celebration. Having read loads of bad reviews I feared for the worst. When we arrived reception was a bit busy but the staff were very polite, warm natured and apologised that we couldnt check in until 2pm so we left our cases with a helpful concierge. Then we went to the see Priscilla Queen of the Desert which was a brilliant show very flamboyant and glam.On the return to the hotel, we were checked in quickly and found our room to be spacious, clean, tidy, big enough for two girls and all our clothes. The beds were firm and linen clean and crisp. There was plenty of tea and coffee and a tv that worked and was big enough for the room. The bathroom was fine, a bit old but clean and compact, plenty of hot water, mini toiletries, tissues etc and plenty of clean towels. The shower was hot and the heating in the room was a little warm so we turned it down.We went out for dinner and returned to the hotel bar in the early hours and got waiter service as we were staying at the hotel. Slept well and the next day had a good hearty hot breakfast, the dining room was very busy and manic but it was 10 a clock on a Sunday morning and I was starving so didnt care!! The food was good and tasty. Check out was quick. So all in all no grumbles apart from canteen style breakfast similar to eating at a Ikea cafe on a busy Saturday afternoon, would stay again and would recommend.	
Mar 16 2009	Great Location Good hotel	Was able to check in earlier than time stated on website, as room was ready. I was staying with my 15 yr old daughter and had a double room (567) (booked a double by mistake!) which was small but adequate for a 2 night stay. The room was clean &amp; tidy on our arrival and as we were only there for 2 nights, we didn't need the room cleaned again and made sure the maid didn't go to the trouble, though she offered us clean towels &amp; asked if we needed anything else. The room was quite cosy, but not stuffy in my opinion, though I do like a warm room!Bathroom, small but again adequate, good shower and enough toiletries for the stay.Had breakfast on the Saturday morning about 10 am, restaurant busy but all the breakfast items were replaced as soon as it was used up. Much the same on Sunday morning, maybe a bit busier but again the staff worked well providing breakfast and tidying up, very efficiently. Reception area looks impressive but the corridors (carpets, walls, paintwork etc) looked worn out.Didn't use the bar, restaurant or pool this time though stayed here last year and found the bar &amp; restaurant ok for a few drinks in the evening as a nightcap.Thought the hotel was very good value for money at less than £200 for 2 nights B&amp;B in the centre of London. It really is a very central hotel, 5 mins from Oxford St. for shopping, 5 mins from the nearest tube station, short walk or taxi ride to theatreland. I will definately use this hotel again and would recommend to anybody.	
Mar 15 2009	Had a pleasant stay	I stayed in this hotel for three nights. The room was clean and fresh, and not at all cramped.It was very warm on the first night, but the next two nights were fine.The breakfast was great, and yes, the dining room was very busy, but surely this is to be expected from a hotel in the heart of London? I was impressed by how quickly and efficiently the hotel delivered breakfast to so many people. The choice was wide and the food was fine.The hotel is what i would describe as basic and functional, but where it excels is in its location. It is great, really in the heart of everything.I did experience a small problem in that our towels and toilet paper weren't replaced on once occassion but I phoned reception and both were delivered very quickly.All in all I had a good stay.However one thing that did ruin my stay was the rip off taxi fare I was charged to take me to the train station from the hotel. The concierge summoned someone he knew with a people carrier to take some of my party to the train station. We were charged 3 times as much for the trip compared to others in my group who took exactly the same journey in a registered black cab, so be warned!	
Mar 15 2009 	central location	I have stayed in this hotel last year and had no prblem in booking it again.Yes the rooms are small but our room was clean and warm.It is close to the shops in Oxford street.It is a typical city centre hotel and if you want luxury you have to be prepared to pay extortionate prices for it.I would suggest that they look at the breakfast room No toast!!!and we felt a bit rushed and not able to relax.	
Mar 11 2009 	I wouldn't house my dog here!	PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE do not ruin your trip by staying at this hotel.I arrived after being on the go for 12 hours in a day. All I wanted was to relax for an hour or two and then maybe go out. I couldn't because I could hear drilling and banging. The room was dirty with bad lighting and there was a bad smell in the hallway. I had to escape and leave the hotel room and not come back until after 9pm because I was shattered and thought I might be able to just sleep and get the bad thoughts of the hotel out of mind.What a Joke that was... It was freezing cold in an uncomfortable bed.I managed to walk into the doorway of the bathroom twice during my one night stay such was the tight nature of the room... And I wasn't even drunk.The only way I would think about it would be if I needed somewhere to store my luggage close to Tottenham Court Road and Leicester Square.	
Mar 10 2009 	I've never checked into and then out of a hotel so fast before - never again!	I have never checked into and then out of a hotel before and I'm pretty tolerant of most small oversights but this hotel was truly awful. I had looked on line and selected a &quot;mini-suite&quot; - the rate was significantly reduced. On check in I confirmed that I had a double bed and a bath. On arrival in the room I found the room to be grubby, the sink didnt empty, and the toilet didnt flush. I called down to ask if I had been given the correct room.The reception told me that it was the correct room, denied that I'd been told that I'd have a bath or a double bed and that they had no other rooms with that air of helpless finality. Mini suite ? - more like a small room divided by a wall with a grubby chair and a desk between the bed and the bathroom (cracked tiles, tired shower and NO bath -arghhh)I rang a nearby hotel and went down to reception - checking out Sir? Yes please - my room is not acceptable - we have several other rooms for you to try - are any of them clean or have a bath? No Sir - we dont have baths in most of our rooms. I checked out and walked a short distance to another hotel. I dont know if they charged me at the St Giles - if they refund me the money I'm happy to dontate it to charity. I wouldnt stay there again or recommend it to anyone. urghhhh - nasty... nasty.... experience. Peter	
Mar 7 2009 	Good location. Mediocre hotel.	First, the positives: Good location--right around the corner from the Tottenham Court Rd tube station, a couple of blocks from the British Museum, walking distance to some OK restaurants and pubs, down the block from a grocery store and chemist. Affordably priced for central location. Access to big YMCA with excellent fitness facilities.Second, the negatives: Loaded with badly behaved tour groups. Room not ready for check in as arranged, leading to logistical problems for us. Miniscule, badly lighted bathroom with faucets that would not turn off. Mildew in the shower. Had to go get towels from the housekeeping cart several times because they weren't replaced. Small, cramped, not-too-clean room with bad lighting and no temperature control. Uncomfortable bed and old, lumpy pillows. School cafeteria style breakfast buffet was crowded any time of morning and not worth the hassle. Concierge desk gave downright incorrect directions several times. Not enough internet access for a hotel this size, with only two terminals available for hire in the lobby (hogged by unsupervised teenagers whenever we tried to check email). No designated smoking area outside, so we often walked through cloud of smoke on the pavement coming and going from the hotel. Long wait for elevators made getting to and from high floor an annoyance.If you only need a place to shower and sleep, and you don't mind the problems noted, the St. Giles might work for you. Otherwise, stay someplace else.	
Feb 24 2009 	This hotel is TRULY terrible	This was not really a hotel, it was a hostel. The rooms were tiny, decor was severely dated and the room was dirty. We stayed for two nights, they completely failed to clean the room on the second day. We had to phone to request clean towels etc. The breakfast resembled a school canteen arrangement and was probably the lowest budget meal I have ever eaten. Brilliant location, but just not worth it.	
Feb 21 2009 	Acceptable central London hotel	I was in London for a business meeting and wanted to combine it with a trip to the theatre - St Giles was ideally located and also close to one of my favourite restaurants. The room (double for single use, £84 without breakfast) was slightly small but well-equipped and clean, with a comfortable bed. The only problem was that the hotel was overheated with no way of reducing the temperature. Even after leaving my window open while out at the theatre I still needed to have it open at night - 5th floor, but still a lot of noise from deliveries etc. in the street throughout the night. If it wasn't for that I'd have given it four stars.	
Feb 21 2009 	Functional hotel very cheap and cheerful	Stayed in a twin room @ £95 per night, very reasonable considering its location right in the heart of London. If I were to go to a West End show with my partner I would definitely consider this place. The beds were almost comfortable but the rooms were big and clean, not fancy but a good place to stay the night.	
Feb 20 2009 	Location Location Location	We stayed for 3 nights and walked everywhere. This hotel is in a terrific location. The rooms are really small but very clean. The staff were friendly and helpful and there are very nice couches to sit and relax. The breakfast is good but very canteen style, long queues with tray and huge piles of food which you serve yourself. The coffee is good and ther eis a good variety of juices and cold meats and fruit.I would recommend this hotel because of it's location and value. I will certainly stay here any time I visit London.	
Feb 8 2009 	Much Better than Reviews led me to believe	We booked a theatre package last year for 'Oliver' which included a one night stay in the St Giles Hotel. It was very reasonable for such a centrally located hotel (only a ten minute walk to Drury Lane). We failed to look at the Reviews until the day before we went, and I am glad we didn't read them too early or we might have tried to alter the accommodation, and I think it would have been a shame. The reviews were terrible, so we were expecting the worst. When we arrived we were met at the curb and led to reception. We were an hour early for check-in but got our room on arrival and found the check-in staff friendly and efficient. The room was on the small side but clean and well presented. The bathroom was minute, but we were'nt planning on spending that much time in there. The one dissapointing thing was that despite requesting a 'non-smoking' room there was a distinct nicotine smell about the room. Still I can't blame the staff for the antics of visitors. The room was a little cool, but then it was sub-zero outside. During the night the room was reasonbly quiet for a hotel of this size.The breakfast was a good buffet breakfast with all you could want, and staff were very attentive. I would advise anyone going to get down to breakfast early. We made it down for 7.30 and had a leisurely breakfast, but by 8.00 the queues were just starting to develop.Having now stayed at this hotel I feel the previous reviews were unjustified. No its not the Savoy but then I wasn't paying Savoy prices. For the money I thought it was very good, especially considering its central location.	
Feb 4 2009 	Lovely hotelstaff friendly and the hotel was clean ..	Hotel staff very friendly and helpful,hotel was very clean..the room was ideal,quite small but ideal,the only problem i would say is the windows as they were quite thin,could hear noise from cars at night and as it was snowin was abit cold but i did find out on my last night how to put the heatin up which was on the side of the dressin table which made a difference .. theres also a few resturantes within walkin distance and china town is one stop off the tube,take quite abit of money because londons not cheap.. whole overall stay was good,just disappointed as our show was cancelled due to the snow,never mind will deffinatley be coming back !	
Feb 2 2009 	Stay Away.........	I am just back from a weekend in this hotel and it was so awful that I just had to write this to let warn others. this is not a hotel but more set up like a hostel, the staff are awful, the rooms are small, dirty and badly in need of a revamp. OK the location os good but that is the only good thing I can say about he St. Giles. If you are getting it for the same price as a hostel go for it, anything more than that is a rip off!	
Jan 29 2009 	avoid at all costs!	Where do i start!?The breakfast is a canteen where you have to elbow your way to food and tables.There are individual condoms taken from strips in the vending machines.The rooms have barely any light.The place is manky.Don't do it.	
Jan 25 2009	never again	We were on a coach outing to see 2 shows in London, the bedrooms were on the small side ok for one night. A meal prior to the evenings show had been booked, and it left a lot to be desired, there was no menu, so we had no idea what to expect, when it came it was just plonked down on the table in silence, some chicken, vegetables and small portion of potatoes. For the men in the party totally inadequate. The sweet was not a lot better, a fruit salad. The buffet breakfast the next day was marginally better.The two shows we saw &quot; Mamma Mia&quot; and &quot;Hairspray&quot; were excellent, highly recommended, made up for the poor hotel.	
Jan 25 2009 	Ok hotel centrally situated	I stayed here for 3 nights in the middle of January. The hotel has a great location at the corner of Oxford Street and Charing Cross Road. You are at a walking distance to many of the most famous sights in London. British Museum is only a five minute's walk away. Shaftsbury Avenue with all the theatres is also very close. So are Soho and Covent Garden. Tottenhan Court Road underground station is right outside the hotel, so for getting around in London, the hotel is a very convenient base. The hotel itself is big with 12 floors and 705 rooms and with only four lifts (one of them not working at the time) it could be a rather long wait sometimes. My room was small and so was the bathroom, but it it was clean and functional. Breakfast was OK and the staff was friendly and helpful. I paid £97 per night which is not bad for a centrally situated hotel in London. All in all everything was OK, but no luxury. I will probably stay here another time as well.	
Jan 19 2009 	very basic overpriced	We stayed here as family for 1 night as we could only get theatre tickets if we booked a hotel package. We had 1 double room and 1 twin room. The hotel rooms are clean and if you have to stay here i would advise booking the twin room rather than double as room was bigger. The decor was very dated and unappealing. We werent expecting luxury but it wasnt a treat to stay here. If you owned the tv in the room you would have thrown it out 10 years ago.The bathrooms look clean but smell strongly of urine. The hair dryers are weak and very old fashioned. The concierge are very helpful-the reception staff miserable and disinterested.If you walked into the canteen in the high street you would walk out -its way past its sell by date-ripped faded uninviting furniture.Again the staff were helpful but the food was at best mediocre but you would NOT choose to eat here-plenty of it but surroundings really dampen your appetite!We really wouldnt recommend staying here there are better hotels in London-the experience was fortunately overshadowed by having a great time in London as tourists-but its spoilt when you re not looking forward to coming back to the hotel.	
Jan 19 2009 	The truth about St Giles...............	Booked this Hotel before reading the reviews and have to say I may have made a mistake. I went with an open mind having read alot of negative comments about the Hotel. I will start with all the good things about the hotel. The reception area is very posh and the decor is very nice, gives a very good first impression of the Hotel. The bar that is joined onto the hotel is also very good and is modern and stylish, no wonder why it gets busy! The Gym that is not part of the hotel is very good and at a high standard. Thats as far as it goes for all the positive things and 2 out of the 3 things are not part of the hotel.The negative things:The room! Very basic and small, in need of a good modernised makeover. Although it was ok to stay in, it does need decorating big time. The bed was ok apart from the uncomfortable pillows. Nice and warm. We stayed on the 8th floor and the lifts were ok apart from checking in/out, could be waiting for up to half an hour for a lift. Majority of the hotel staff were efficient but not very pleasent. The first night we stayed we were woke up at 5am from hotel staff chiselling away at something which made a racket! Really annoying at that time and a few people from other rooms were telling them to stop! Left the towels in the shower as told to do so, so that they got changed but for some reason our room did not get done at all even though we put the sign on the door to &quot;service our room please&quot;, quite annoying really! What really takes the [--] is charging a pound for keeping your luggage before checking in and after checking out if needed. Unbelievable why they need to charge a pound and have never been to a hotel that does this and dont expect to either! Yes the Hotel has a gym joined onto it but guests do have to pay 4 quid to use the facilities so although the Hotel shows pictures of the pool it is not inclusive of what you have paid. An overall view of the hotel is that it is badly run. Thats the biggest problem. A big revamp is needed both decor and management, this would make the hotel very good. Alot of improvements needed though. I have stayed in the Bonnington Hotel and I would recommend anyone to stay there. God knows why I chose a different hotel, must of been the price! Get yourself to the Bonnington in future Kids. Hope this review has helped.	
Jan 13 2009 	Excellent location....not bad hotel for central London	Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights over the New Year. As per previous reviews the rooms are very small compared to other hotels we have stayed in but did the job for the 3 nights.Check in was quick for both ourselves and my parents. The lifts were quite slow and you could be waiting a while for one to come. However, the rooms were clean and modern along with the bathroom which also had a good shower and usual provisions. The room also had tea/coffee making faciities and a TV. The room was serviced every morning with the bed made and fresh towels provided.The location was excellent for the city centre with the tube station on the doorstep nearly! We all had good nights sleep to think we were in the middle of the city- the odd sirens could be heard, but you wouldn't expect anything else really.I would recommend the hotel for anyone who is looking for a short break and a good location for a good price.	
Jan 9 2009 	Good Location but a little else was good	We came to London in February half term of last year to see Phantom. We were initially really pleased with the location as it was east to reach and right by the tube station as well as being within easy walking distance of Soho and the West end. However, the room we checked in to (after queueing for about 25 minutes to check in) was small, dingy and hot. We were on the top floor and our room was adjecent to the lift so we heard that whirring every time anyone on any floor called it. The bathroom was clean and provided us with the needed hot shower when you've been walking all day! But was less impressive than your standard travellodge style bathroom. On the first morning we went for breakfast which was like a cattle market and felt like a school canteen, the food was ok but not really worth the money we paid. The whole place had a rather dated feel and didn't inspire us to want to make a return visit. If you want a good location for sightseeing and are not worried about where you crash at night then it's fine, but if you are looking for anything more, look elsewhere.	
Jan 9 2009 	Hotel ? NO. Its a HOSTEL	jan 2009. Spent only one night here which was one night too many. Was staying with a group of people so had the opportunity to view other peoples rooms so this is not a biased report- the hotel sure is consistant; consistantly shabby. The day of my return (today) I found out a very interesting fact that this hotel was previously a YMCA hostel .. that equals the standard it is at today and explains the broom cupboard size of the rooms. I am writing my review so soon on my return is because I would like to warn people off staying here. small threadbare bathroom towels (one had a stain on which I swapped)the so-called carpet had the look of a trampled doormatthe rooms are barely bigger than the bedsthe beds are on wheels so if you nudge the bed, or nudge the wall while on the bed it starts rollingdidnt feel comfortable in the bed at night. Although the sheets appeared to be clean the valance sheet was clearly not freshly changed because it had black marks around the bottom of itthere was no duvet or blankets over the sheet just a limp topcover with a faded pattern onunhygeinic bathroom, the sink and shower had mould around the edgesthe shower curtain looked old and grey the entrance to the shower was so small it was difficult to not touch the rotton curtaincondoms in the hall vending machinesI can't tell you about the breakfast because i didnt dare eat any except a bowl of cereal. I went to the canteen area and the croissants were hard and even if I believed the kitchen was clean the cooked food still did not look appetizing.	
Jan 3 2009 	Good hotel	This hotel was used when my sister and I went to go see Tutankahmun and the lion king in London; the hotel was the perfect base being just outside tottenham court road subway station.It was pretty warm inside the hotel but there was a fan in the cupboard; the bathroom was clean as was the room and the breakfast given was very tasty.Good hotel, good location no complaints	
Dec 30 2008 	Wont come again !!!!	Stayed here on Monday night the 29th December 2008 when we went to the theatre. On arrival we had to queue 3/4 hour to check in. The double room (if you could call it a double room) was so small that if you swung a cat around you would hit all the walls.The word i can use to describe the room is dingey. Breakfast was like being in a school canteen. I booked this break through Superbreak and i am very dissapointed. I paid a lot of money for this hotel and i won't be coming back.	
Dec 22 2008 	Great value for Money!	We stayed for 2nights at the beginning of December.The location of the hotel is excellent, literally 2 mins walk from the tube Station - Tottenham Court Road. A sainsbury within a 1minute walk, and all the main shopping streets all around us. Location, was key to our stay and the hotel from this perspective gets 5 out of 5.Check in was quick, and from time to time the hotel did experience problems with the lifts, however, this tended to be at key times, eg check in and breakfast.Rooms are small, but I feel you have to take into consideration costs. It had what we needed for 2nights stay, it was clean, tidy and had the facilities we needed. The rooms have showers, and are compact, but its managable for a couple of days. Water was hot, bathroom was clean, so was adequate for our needs. Decor is a dated, and flowery bedspreads are quite bright, this did not affect our stay, as we really just used the room to sleep in!The rooms were really warm, and we did have to open the window for some time. We did not experience any issues with noise.Breakfast does get busy, and they open up the restaurant tables in stages to manage the high number of people that come through the breakfast room. Due to the mixture of european nationalities staying at the hotel, tables were being put together, and there was a selection of both continental and hot breakfast available. All food was hot and plentiful. Hotel does offer 2 evening restaurants, would give these a miss, as they are not open at the times that they should be.I did not pay a 5* price to stay at the hotel, and feel that we did receive value for money. I would stay at the hotel again in the future.If you have any further questions, feel free to contact me.	
Dec 12 2008 	Zero Service	This is by far THE worst hotel I have stayed at in recent years and served as a reminder of similar experiences when staying in East Bloc country hotels during the communist era. Five nights without a single smile from the sour faced staff. Five nights in one of the smallest room one can imagine.Absolutely zero value for money with the so called breakfast being the ''highlight'' and worse than a school canteen. This is not a hotel but a sleep only factory for those willing to put up with zero service.	
Dec 11 2008 	Would stay again!!	I have just returned from a 2 night stay at this hotel, i was a little worried to what it was going to be like after reading some of the reviews on here but the hotel was not that bad and i would most likely stay again.Check in was fast and staff were friendly and helpfull.The rooms were fairly small but fine for the amount of time we spent in there but they were clean and cleaned everyday, the only thing was the bathroom which was very old and in need of a change and the hairdryer was terrible so i would recommend taking your own.The noise wasnt too bad and both me and my friend slept well but i suspose if your a light sleeper it could be bad.Breakfast was ok but there wasnt a great deal of choice, just a small selection of cereals, bread rolls, croissants, beans, scrambeld eggs, hash brown,sausage and bacon but it was all nice enough.The hotel was in a great location only a few mins walk to most places and the nearest tube was more or less just across the road.	
Dec 10 2008 	Great location not a bad hotel!	The St. Giles Hotel has a great location (2 minutes walking to Oxford Street, 5 minutes walking to the british Museum, 10 minutes walking to Covent Garden, 5 to 10 minutes walking to the Soho or Chinatown...) and it was not too expensive. that is why we decided to expend 3 nights there between 5 and 8 December 2008.The lobby was quite nice, and the check-in was fast the people at the reception really nice. For instance, we did not have to pay anything neither in advance upon the reservatrion through internet nor upon our arrival, but only at the end (it was something many other hotels in london asked us for, in some Corporate apartments they even asked us to pay 100% 4 weeks in advance!!).The rooms were small but comfy. However, no extra bed could have been fitted since there was very little place left. There was a table for working and a very small wardrobe (this is what I disliked the most, since it was a open wardrobe, more like selves actually, and I didn't like having my clothes there... Other thing was that the safety box didn'y work, so we had to carry always all our money with us). The bath was pretty small too.However, it was very clean, the room was cleaned daily, the towels were changed and the bathroom facilities replaced. Considering the short time you would be in the hotel in such an interesting place as London, having a small room is not a problem. Instead, having almost everything in London within walking distance is great!	
Dec 9 2008 	And we wonder why London has a bad reputation!	Many years ago, I spent a year staying in one hotel after another in London wondering how the city gets away with charging so much for so little. Tiny rooms, poor staff, expensive rates and quite often this is from major chains. If you have stayed in London you know what I mean.Eventually I found a handful of hotels that offered OK rooms for OK money and for the last 5 years, I have used these on a regular basis.But this visit saw the hotel being booked for me. Straight away, I remembered that I had once stayed there before many years ago and that it was not a good experience.So I arrived at the hotel and as the queue for check in got longer, the number of staff on the front desk got fewer. Eventually there were 20 people in the queue and 2 staff on the front desk.When it was my turn, the staff were friendly, efficient and welcoming so no complaints there.When I got to my room though, I remembered just what it was that was bad about this hotel.I had forgotten just how small London hotel rooms can be.On one side of the room was a single bed. This ran the entire length of the room. To give you an idea on just how small this room was, you would not have been able to it a 2nd single bed along side it without removing a wall.I have had single cabins on a cross channel ferry with more space. It was shabby, dark, and small. Even on the 5th floor, the noise from outside (this is right in the heart of London) was loud.There are better hotels in London for this kind on money with a rating here on Trip Advisor better than 571st!!!Please use this website to find them. They are out there and you will enjoy your stay plus you will not have to spend as much money.	
Dec 8 2008 	You get what you pay for!!!	A number of colleagues stayed at this hotel for (thankfully) one night, it was booked for us by a London based colleague who evidently didn't want us to enjoy ourselves!!Some of us were booked at different times which caused significant confusion whilst checking in. We were accused of not pre booking or having paid for the rooms (they were all paid for up front).It seems that due to my having read other reviews on Tripadvisor i got the best of a bad lot, i asked for a high room and got a little view and no noise as suggested by a previous reviewer. My room was also a twin which was the smallest twin i'd ever stayed in. My colleagues had single rooms which it seems were smaller again, with only one bed, no view as they were lower and significant noise from the roads around the Hotel.The bathrooms are so small that bending down leads to the serious possibility of cracking your head open on the sink!The shower cubicles are minute, you bang your elbows when trying to shower!!!We paid £60 per night at this Hotel, so, as i say, you get what you pay for, it is quite central for London and i doubt that you would get another Hotel as cheap, we didn't book breakfast i'm pleased to say, residents were queuing for ages to fit into the woefully inadequate dining room when we left.All in all, i wouldn't go near this dump again, but if you're going for a Stag/Hen night it is probably fit for purpose!!	
Dec 2 2008	Never Again!!	We have just returned from a girls shopping/birthday weekend which we were thoroughly looking forward to. This hotel was recommended to us but unfortunately we will not be recommending it to anyone else!! Although an ideal situation for plenty of shopping, this hotel doesn't have much else to offer. (Just the very good service of the concierge staff)On checking in we were told that a double room had been reserved instead of a Twin and that our other room booked would be opposite! Once the info was entered into the computer system we were then told there was a problem and someone else had a hold on our room and as the hotel was completey full we would not have rooms near to each other or twin beds and ended up on the same floor but in different parts of the hotel. Both rooms required attention and were very small. On returning to the hotel in the evening, we overheard a member of staff offering a room to another guest (for a very cheap rate), so how could the hotel be full??After a long day on Saturday we returned to the hotel early evening to find there had been some sort of sewerage pipe that had burst and unfortunate for us our room was flooded. Obviously not the hotel's fault, these things happen and two of the staff were very helpful in moving us to a higher floor. For this inconvenience we were offered a free breakfast the following mornirng. This was very poor, long time queing and luke warm food! The dining room was very much like a school canteen and very poorly maintained. On our day of departure we decided to hold on to one room in order to store our bags, we arranged this at reception to find on our return our key would not open the room. (no communication between the staff obviously! We asked to speak to the Manager on our departure who seemed to be hiding behind closed doors when she eventually appeared her attitude was very brash and no sympathy of our complaints was offered apart from a £20.00 per room discount or a special rate for our next stay, I DON'T THINK SO!!	
Dec 1 2008 	Worst ever hotel experience!	I regularly stay in hotels due to business and pleasure and have had good and bad experiences but never anything that I felt the need to have a rant about...until now!On arriving at the hotel the initial impression is 'nice'. The reception area seems a bit small but the fact that you are instantly faced with the concierge desk gives a kind of big hotel feel to the place. How wrong we were!This was a trip we had arranged for our first anniversary. We had tickets to the theatre booked along with a meal etc, etc.We arrived at the hotel with enough time to get ourselves ready and get ourselves to the theatre only to be delayed by the receptionist who, apart from being quite difficult to understand, took an absolute age to process our details although we had in fact pre-booked. When we eventually received the keys to our room there was a fire alarm which meant the lifts were off limits. We were told that there was a problem and that we could take the stairs. Being on the 6th floor carrying our own cases, needing to get ready to get to the theatre...I don't think so.We decided we would have to leave our cases with the concierge and go as we were. The alarm stopped so we decided we would go to our rooms to get changed.When we finally got to our room I was appalled. A little dinky twin room (we had requested a double) that would have looked more suited to a pay-by-the-hour motel you see in American films. And it didn't smell too clever either! It was totally unacceptable. Being as we didn't have time to complain before the show started we decided we would request a different room on our return. We arrived at the theatre late (dodgy directions from a receptionist led us over 1/2 mile up Oxford St before we asked a policeman. The theatre was no more than 200 yards from the hotel entrance!)On our return I spoke to the staff and voiced our concerns only to be met with blank stares which said &quot;What do you want me to do about it?&quot; I asked to see the duty manager. On his arrival he was quick to tell me that they were fully booked and had no other rooms. My argument was that we hadn't been given the correct room to begin with but he insisted there was nothing he could do. I asked him that if we wanted to book one of their expensive suites would there be one available. He went silent. He then offered us a free breakfast to compensate to which I replied a free breakfast will not stop our room form being crap! He then offered us a 10% discount on the room but point blank refused when I said that 50% would be more like it for the inconvenience.I then requested a full refund and advised we would go elsewhere. After arguing the toss for another 5 minutes (they were reluctant at first even saying they were not allowed to do that) we left. We then jumped into a cab where a wonderful taxi driver named George phoned around for us and organised a room at another hotel. God bless you George! He didn't even want to take any money fro m us but we felt we had to thank him somehow.I am amazed that the hotel has actually received good reviews from people but then you can't really rate customer service experiences unless you actually have a situation where you have to engage a customer service representative. I believe the hotel would fail miserably.I would not recommend this hotel to a single soul. I would rather stay in a cheap motorway hotel as at least you know exactly what you're getting for your money.It's really saying something when even the staff feel obliged to mention that the rooms are rubbish hey?	
Nov 27 2008 	Avoid this "hotel" at all costs	This has to be possibly the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. Filty small room , filthy shower ,cigarette burns on all the furniture. Slept with my clothes on as would not sleep in the room otherwise.Remember to bring a torch if you stay here as the lighting is so poor you cannot read a paper probably deliberate so you cannot see how bad the rooms are. Although booked for Bed and Breakfast rate did not bother to eat here if the rooms were anything to go by. My collegue reckons his room was even worse so those that have given good reviews must be the staff. £135 per night you would have expected more.Wipe you feet when you leave !!!	
Nov 26 2008 	Soulless but central	This hotel is completely soulless. The rooms are small, with paper thin walls. There are not enough lifts for all the guests, especially at busy periods, such as breakfast. The breakfast room itself was cold and the buffet food lukewarm. Its only redeeming feature being the central location near the Dominion theatre.	
Nov 22 2008 	Could do better	Excellent location for a short break to include shops and West End theatres. Very busy and popular with both business people and tourists. Room was small and the shower cublicle (no bath) minute. Breakfast food was ok and there was sufficient choice, but be prepared to queue with a tray (no waiter service) canteen-style like in a school dining room. Staff were friendly and helpful. For a short city break, (3 nights with Superbreaks) we managed, but there are better hotels around.	
Nov 18 2008 	Better than I expected!!!	Found staff friendly &amp; helpful. Room was clean with reasonable facilities - but I did ask for, and got, a room with a bath, after initially being allocated a room with a tiny shower room. Location was excellent - noise didn't keep either me or my wife awake. We ate in 'Il Grasso' - hotel's own restaurant - on first night and really enjoyed the experience.Didn't have to wait too long to register or check-out.Total cost for the two of us for two nights was £226 (room-only). Didn't have breakfast, so can't comment on value-for-money (£9.95 pp).	
Nov 15 2008 	Very Good Value For Money Hotel	Stayed in this hotel for three nights. I was very worried having read reviews but I had left booking to the last minute and wanted a central location. I am glad to say that everything went really well. The foyer was lovely. Marble finish floors, long wood polished reception desk, very smartly turned out staff. We checked in quickly, possibly because it was a Sunday afternoon. Our room was adaquate in size and perfectly comfortable and clean. ( I think the rooms vary a lot in size)Note- All rooms are now non smoking. There are no curtains and the room was noisy if the window was open, but this is central London. There is a very nice residents lounge on the mezzanine floor, with wireless access and paid internet access. This is expensive and you will get much better value by popping across the road to the Internet Cafe, which also has very good coffee, sandwiches and outside tables for those needing nicotine.The breakfast was a bit works canteen in terms of presentation , but a very good selection of food and plenty of it. The buffet choice included cereals, cold ham, cheese,bread rolls, croissants, and cooked English. We had no problem with getting tables.The attached pub was good value and had a local custom, always a good sign. Also outside seating for nicotine fiends. There is a Chinese restaurant as part of the hotel and we ate there the night we arrived. A very good meal.However, we went to the Japanese fusion restaurant attached to the hotel the following night and I was amazed at the high quality and value for money. This is really very good and the set menu is superb value. The food was as good as I have eaten in Japan. A friend who dined with us that night thought it the best value to be had in a Japanese Restaurant in London.We checked out on the Wed morning and the very helpful Porters desk took our luggage and assisted us with sorting out tubes back to Heathrow. Overall I liked the hotel .	
Nov 7 2008 	Never again...	On arrival, one of the hotel desk staff was having a laugh with the other staff about a &quot;demanding&quot; customer who had dared to ask for decaf coffee. The lifts weren't working (watch out if you're on the ninth floor) and the stairs are very narrow with pipes running across at head level you have to duck under. There are no signs (so I came across several lost people in the maze of stairs and doorways) and the stairwells are badly lit. The rooms have narrow doors to get in, much smaller than standard doors, with metal plates on the corners of the walls to stop the place from falling down presumably. The rooms are so tiny you can barely move round the bed. The bath had a hole in it and the water in the sink came out so murky you couldn't see the plug. The windows didn't fit the frames so the wind came in. The heating didn't work so the room was freezing. The top sheet on the bed was filthy and stinking of someone else's stale B.O. The carpet was filthy too. The tv didn't work. The hairdrier didn't work. There is no dead lock or chain on the room doors. There is a vending machine next to the lift in the corridor that sells a selection of condoms next to the chocolate bars. Breakfast was chaotic, not enough seats, terrible food. You can't even get toast. They tried to overcharge us each room by £40, and took an hour to resolve as the manager wouldn't help the girl trying to serve us, who was new and didn't know how to fix it. She kept asking for help and the manager didn't even look at her, ignoring her as she spoke.	
Nov 6 2008 	Large impersonal hotel in a very noisy location	The location is the clue - right on Tottenham Court Road and extremely close to Oxford Street, I was nervous that it would be noisy (but booked late so had very little choice) and I was right to be. The room appeared to be double glazed, but the noise was non-stop - even in the middle of the night due to night buses and lorries unloading at the shops across the road. The hotel also suffers from being overly large - there are 11 storeys and nowhere near enough lifts. At &quot;peak&quot; times you can wait a good five minutes. By contrast, the rooms are pretty small - and the bathrooms are extremely small. The staff and food were fine, but by no means made up for the extreme lack of sleep due to the noise. I will not be going back.	
Nov 5 2008 	Can't fault it...	When people complain that the bedrooms and bathrooms are small or that the hotel is noisy, I can't seem to think why...they are staying in a hotel in Central London on one of the busiest streets there is!! Yes, the rooms are small and the bathrooms are tiny, but you can't expect more from a central hotel. To be honest, if you are visiting London on a sightseeing trip then all you need a hotel for is a base; somewhere to wash and somewhere to sleep. If you want bigger rooms, then you will be paying more than double the price for a hotel just a few minutes down the street! And as for noise, it is obvious there will be noise because it is so central.I couldn't really fault the hotel. It was clean and central and that is all one needs when they are visiting a city. The only criticism I have is that check-in took longer than necessary because the staff seemed to be incompetent. But other than that, I would stay there again just because of the location.	
Nov 2 2008	Unbelievably noisy hotel	We were there for 2 weeks on Theatre tour from Canada. It was incredibly noisy, small rooms/bathrooms and the only thing going for it, was the location. I would rather pay more money and stay at a quieter, downtown location. We got moved to another room on the other side of the hotel and it didn't make any difference to the noise level and the condition of the room was more run down after the move. The elevators were incredibly slow, not an option to take the stairs on the 9th floor. Would only stay here if staying 1 or 2 nights and couldn't afford to upgrade to better hotel.	
Nov 2 2008 	Great location	A very central hotel, with simple but clean amenities.Friendly staff.	
Oct 26 2008 	Too big	We stayed here for 1 night on 24/10/08 as part of a theatre break to see The Jersey Boys at the Prince Edward Theatre.The Hotel was close to the theatre that being the reason we chose it.That is the only point in its favour.Basically the hotel is too big there are lots and lots of people staying there.You have to queue for the lifts bearing in mind that there 11 storeys most people would have to use them.The room was very small and the shower room was very very small.The surrounding streets are busy and noisy it is difficult to walk through the crowds to and from the theatres.Getting breakfast was a problem .The queue was long but the breakfast was OK when you served yourself with it.It did seem to quieten down around 10am but if you left it that late a big part of your day has gone.The problem with the Hotel is the number of people staying there the staff are good but cannot cope with the numbers.Sorry but I dont think I would stay there again even though the location is good.	
Oct 24 2008	Absolutely fine hotel!!!	Stayed here last night for one night. One of the few hotels with triple rooms and although the room was a little small it was fine for the night. The hotel is centrally located and our room was quiet for such a central place. The rates are extremely reasonable and the room was clean. You don't really need any more for a one night stay.	
Oct 23 2008 	Worth it if you're on the run	Just did a two-night stay at the St. Giles, sandwiched between staying with family outside of London. First, it's not all that close to Covent Garden as they claim. Not a huge deal...and my fault for not MapQuesting it.Got a great rate considering I booked it a week out. The hotel itself isn't pretty. They seem to be in a constant state of repair as when we arrived several baseboards were ripped off and some carpet was peeled back in the common areas when we arrived...but by the time we returned after our first day it was fixed. You could just tell it had seen it's share of travelers stomping in and out.That said, the room was VERY clean, including the bathroom. If you opened the window for air it was noisey...but if closed, silent. This is a perfect stay if you're going to London to see London. We were out early and home late (and the hotel bar is open late, which is a plus for a nightcap) and really had no need or want of any hotel services. I imagine, if you're looking for something more &quot;comforting&quot; this isn't it. But if you're just looking for a clean room to flop in after a day of museums, shopping and pubs, this is nice.	
Oct 20 2008 	Too big and too noisy	Too big hotel with too many people. We stayed in 12th floor in tiny room with the terrible view. The breakfast was the worst I have ever eaten. The breakfast room was in chaos, the staff was unfriedly. The leisure facilities we were able to use was o.k. but the members of the sport club were complaining to the club manager that the hotel quests were allowed to use their facilities. They did not like children swimming in their pool. Even we went in time which allowed people in all age to swim there. Never stay there again - good thing was the location. Near British Museum and Oxford Street but thats all. Next time we will find the smaller hotel in near by.	
Oct 18 2008 	Great location shame about the worn out old Hotel	The Hotel is in a fabulous location in the West End with a 3 minute walk to Tottenham Court Underground Station, this is sadly the only real benefit of this Hotel. Check in for my 2 nights was ok apart from the large groups waiting, (There seemed to be a large number of coach groups staying along with groups of school children who regularly blocked the entrance and foyer in the morning and evening). Waiting for one of the 6 lifts to your floor was a regular nightmare as the lifts were so slow and the lift well crowded no matter what time of day. It was faster to use the fire escape stairs up and down, luckily I was only on level 1 so wasn't too inconvenienced. My room smelt like a musty old bar with a stench of stale cigarettes, the reception assured me it was recently made non-smoking, the bed was relatively comfortable and the room clean. There was no air-con in my room so I opened the window for fresh air and slept with ear plugs to avoid the street noise and constant sirens. In the morning there was always hot water but a word of warning the hot water seems to run out in the evening so save your hot shower for the morning and expect a tepid shower at night. The English Buffet Breakfast was reasonable the only thing is you line up like sheep as there are so many guests and it's a bit of a fight in the line for trays, food and eventually tables. It is clear this place hasn't had a renovation for a very long time, surely they could afford one as it seems the place is doing good business.	
Oct 15 2008 	Location Price Excellent!!	I have just come back from a stay here and I would say that you get more than what you pay for considering the location and what you want a hotel room for in London.I stayed here for 1 night whilst going to the O2 to see Queen. The hotel was ideal as it was one change on the tube to O2 it takes 30 mins. Next morning you are in the heart of London.Breakfast was OK as much as you can eat and for two northern lads filled us all day. You can leave your bags for free but gave a tip anyway. They allowed us to use the lounge to rest later on as our train did not leave until 9:30pm.Would I recomend this hotel? YES! central London, buffet breakfast and only £100.00 per night. Yes it is a bit tired but heard very little noise due to thickness of windows. Bathroom was clean but tired. This hotel is all about value for money and location, location ,location. I will stay there again and have no problem taking my wife and 2 children.	
Oct 13 2008 	Disgusting	Location is the only thing going for this hotel. Our twin bedroom was tiny and extremely noisy at night. Beds and pillows were uncomfortable - springs have seen better days. The bathroom was also very small with leaking tap which was not fixed during our weeklong stay despite reporting it on three occasions. There was a foul smell permeating the lifts and worse on the 7th floor on one day of our stay. Breakfast was below average and staff generally unhelpful.Interestingly there was no feedback form in the information folder and was not provided following a request.	
Oct 11 2008 	Bagain but tired	A surprisingly large hotel which you wouldn't notice unless you looked up, then you'd wish you hadn't....This hotel gets 4 starts from me because of price. In the centre of London, this concrete monstrosity is home to tiny rooms, faded decor and small bathrooms, but I was charged £100 per night. For business travel, where you hardly see your hotel room, it's ideal.The staff were courteous, but they need to smile more - mostly foreign, they have assumed that to be in london you need to be grumpy.Below the hotel there is a huge &quot;londoners-after-work&quot; gym. It's functional, ie yuk, and very busy. But the 25m pool is a rarity in a city hotel.	
Oct 5 2008 	OK for Central London for one night only	Great Location for Central London, cheap, but you get what you pay for. Rooms small, but clean , they use blinds not curtains so the light wakes you up. Can be noisy. The lifts are very slow, we waited over five minutes for one on 9th floor. Breakfast OK for buffet style, again, cheap for Central London. Would not want to stay for more than one night.	
Sep 29 2008 	Decent sized clean and comfortable room fantastic location!!!!!!!!!!	After I had booked this hotel I read the reviews on here and was seriously considering cancelling my booking but I would have been a fool, please dont take the comments too seriously as this hotel is great. Ive already recommended to a friend and I would definately stay again, could not fault it. Everyone has different expectations and experiences but mine was a fantastic one and from what I saw this weekend I think you would be very unlucky to have a bad one.We got the tube from Kings Cross to Tottenham Court road and the hotel was literally 2 seconds walk, you could see it straight away, it saved a lot of time looking at maps and wandering around with luggage.Check in was at 2pm and we arrived at 20 past 1 and got checked in straight away with no problems, check in staff friendly and efficient. Was worried about what the room would be like but no problems at all was it was a decent size and clean and comfortable. Only thing would say was quite warm but it was a very warm day also.Because the hotel was centrally located it was noisey on a night but after a lovely meal in nearby china town (too many restaurants to choose from) and a few drinks from the nearby pubs we soon got to sleep.The next day we checked out early and left our luggage for the day so we could go shopping this cost just £1 per bag bargain!!I cant stress enough how good this hotel is, the location is fantastic and we could see the London Eye and Big Ben from our window!	
Sep 28 2008 	Adequate for short stays	St Giles is a large, impersonal hotel, probably built in the 1970s.Unsuited for business travelers, and those staying several days would probably find it substandard Bu for short, non-business stays, it isn't a bad option.Pros: * Friendly staff, efficient reception and checkout.* Surprisingly decent modern bar and Malaysian restaurant.* Clean rooms and baths. * Bloomsbury location: British Museum just down the street, theatre-land and Soho within 10 minutes walk. * Reasonable price. Cons: * shows some wear -- frayed carpets, scuffed walls. * My room was tiny; almost a cell (however, I could see from the &quot;fire maps&quot; that my class of room was the smallest in the hotel). * Tiny, fuzzy television, very limited selection of channels (no CNN or business channels). * No wireless Internet, except an expensive hotspot in lobby. * Very noisy if you are placed on the first five floors overlooking Tottenham Court Road.* Concierge really pushes a dodgy &quot;car service&quot; to Heathrow, overpriced and wholly unnecessary.I was there two nights, to attend a meeting Friday, have Saturday free, and fly home early Sunday. For that, the St. Giles was fine. Had I stayed longer, the room size and noise would have become a problem. Had I been there on business, I would have found it wholly unacceptable.	
Sep 23 2008	Fantastic value for money	Stayed at this hotel for 2 nights with my 2 sisters and my mother. I read a few reviews before i went and i was a bit apprehensive. Im glad to say i was pleasanty surprised.The staff in the hotel were friendly, efficient and helpful. We had 2 rooms on the 10th floor of average size. Both the room and bathroom were spotless. The only downside was there could be quite a wait for the lift as it is such a busy hotel. We went for breakfast at 8 o clock and avoided all queues. There was a great choice of food for breakfast. The location was excellent. This hotel was great value for money as it was so central. I would definately stay at this hotel again, and I would recommend it to anyone for a short stay in London.	
Sep 23 2008 	Great location but small noisy room	Good location, can walk to Leicester Square, Covent Garden and other Central locations. Right opposite Tottenham Court Road tube station.Superior Double Room was very small (maybe OK for a short weekend but I stayed for 6 nights) even if it was for single occupency. Bed comfy enough though chargeable Internet access and lack of wireless in rooms not great. Also small TV with poor signal.I was on the 2nd floor and my room overlooked Charing Cross Road. Even with window shut I could hear every single car that drove past, and the road wasn't shy of emergency service vehicles either (or early morning idiots with megaphones). The only thing I could do to drown out the noise was to put the air conditioning on which made a sound like a loud road drill and didn't seem to work.Overal: great location but rooms too small and noisy.	
Sep 15 2008 	Not Very Nice	My boyfriend and I stayed in this hotel at the end of August for one night. We chose the hotel because of it's location to the Dominion Theatre because we went to see 'We Will Rock You'. The hotel is not even a five minute walk to the Theatre and I would say that location is the only good thing about this hotel.We arrived at the hotel and the check-in queue was about half a mile long and it took ages to get seen to which was not a very good start. The staff were incredibly miserable, their faces were enough to make anyone feel depressed. None of them smiled and it was as if all the guests were a burden.We were given our room, which was small. I've stayed in small rooms before but this one really topped them all! The bed almost took up the entire room and the bathroom was tiny. Plus the window hardly opened so the room became really fusty when we got ready to go out that night because there was no air.We just got on with it because we were only there for one night and at the end of the day it was just a base but the breakfast the following morning just topped it all off. We got to the restaurant at about 9.30am and it was absolutely packed. There were no spare tables and people were just wandering around all over the place with trays of food looking for some where to sit. By this time, their food was going cold.The queues for the breakfast were really long so by the time we managed to get a table, I had to sit and wait while my boyfriend went to get his breakfast and vice versa. This meant that when I came back with mine, he had already finished so we didn't even eat together.In my opinion, the staff should give you a time for breakfast to make sure there are enough tables for everyone.The food was horrible and we both left it. I hate moaning but it was just like a cattle market.When we checked out, the staff were still really miserable and not even so much as a thank you was said. I don't expect royalty treatment but some customer service skills wouldn't go a miss.I really wouldn't recommend this hotel. There are plenty in this area and I would chose another the next time I go to London.	
Sep 15 2008 	Great location	We have just returned from a short 2 night theatre break to see Wicked at The Apollo. The hotel was ideally located for walking and for the tube. The rooms were smallish, but clean, and to be honest who's going to spend all day in a hotel room? You're only going to sleep there after all. The bed was very comfortable, and yes, there was a lot of noise from the street at night, but we were in central London, that's hardly the hotel's fault is it? Breakfast was adequate and you could have as much as you wanted but the coffee was ugh! and I would have liked to have seen fried eggs on the menu. The Concierge staff were brilliant. They couldn't have been more helpful and pleasant. On our last day, after we'd checked out, we were able to leave our bags for as long as we wanted which freed us up from dragging our luggage around all day. This only cost a small tip (optional). Would I stay there again? For location - yes, but I tend to try out different hotels each time I travel. Wicked was, well wicked, a real must see, awesome!	
Sep 12 2008 	Great Hotel - BRILLIANT location	i initially booked this hotel BEFORE reading the reviews on here and was extremely worried about going here after reading them!. We arrived at Tottenham Court Road tube station and made our way onto the busy street and were met by the dominion theatre which is showing we will rock you we continued to walk up the road and about 45 seconds later we arrived at the hotel. From the outside it looked lovely and the inside also didnt dissapoint. It was around 11:45 when we got to the hotel and we part checked in as official check in isnt until 2pm. We were allowed to leave our cases at the hotel and went out for the day. Arrived back around 3pm collected cases and were allocated our room. Reception explained everything to us regards to breakfast and using the leisure facilities. We had a room on the 3rd floor, 2 single beds, telly, view facing the front of the hotel with a view of the BT tower. Nice wardrobe and drawers for storage, a safe and a basic bathroom with a LOVELY shower. Next day we used the pool (around 06:45) £4.00 per person per stay so is worth doing. lovely pool staff very friendly and helpful. Went to breakfast after that. Around 8:15 and it was already VERY busy. Theres cold food and hot food. All very nice - we thoroughly enjoyed it. At the end of the stay :-( the checkout was just as easy - official time is 11am but we chose to do it @ 9am so we could go out for the day. Again we left our cases at the hotel and went back for them in the afternoon.All in all a really really lovely stay. There is only 1 plug socket in the room but we took a double plug with us so no problem. I will definitely use this room again and hope that it will be sooner rather than later!.	
Sep 11 2008 	Great Hotel for PRICE	6 of us stayed at this hotel ranging from 39 to 69Was going to change my booking after having read bad comments on hotel, glad we didnt.Went to London for my mums 60th and to go see Mamma Mia fantasic. Rooms were good ok a little small but big enough for what you need. I think i must of had a good room as i had a bath in mine separate seating area,the other rooms were good infact the same except no bath clean ad looked like they were recently done. Carnt coment on breakfast didnt have it, Bar down stairs good for a laugh very frindly staff and very busy. One bad comment lifts were slow i was ok on 2nd floor but mum was on 9th and had to wait a long time.	
Sep 9 2008 	Miserable small but clean.	Boy are the staff miserable, but I find that more so with hotels in London than outside the M25. The reception area is nice enough, the corner room was very very small, but as we went for one night to watch the &quot;We wil rock you&quot; production, the girlfriend and I was not planning on spending a lot of time in the room, so not a big issue. Restaurant food was very nice, asked if we could take glasses back to room had to leave a £5 deposit and pick up from reception in the morning when leaving glasses. Had a problem with reception as they refused to take glasses back and give deposit back as the restaurant is independent from the hotel. Argued the toss saying they only need to do a bit of basic communication, became a point of principal, after 10 minutes and a huge sigh from the guy in reception, I got my deposit back. Food, really enjoyed, breakfast was really nice, definitely filled up on the way home. Location, could not have been more perfect, a few minutes to get from the room to the theatre and the same with the underground. Was a great base to do some shopping during the first day. I wouldn't look to come here again, but if I saw a promotion I would definitely consider coming back, my gripes are trivial and nothing major. The show was great by the way, if you like rock or Queen go and see it, you'll love it, we are actually thinking of going to see it for a second time.	
Sep 8 2008 	Worst hotel ever!	From the moment we entered the room until we left was awful.The room was so small, it smelt, when we tried to open the window it was stuck. The sheets had holes in them, only two towels. The bathroom was even worse, a dripping tap, cracked sink, the flush was loose and the shower so small and coved in mould. After spending our first night in the hard and small bed we were woken early when the alarm on the TV went off which could not be switched off. Later when we wanted to watch a film the TV turned it's self off every two minuets. As for breakfast I have never stayed in an hotel where you have to collect your breakfast on a tray like in a works canteen! Had a glass of juice (not real juice) and left. What a dump do not go there!	
Sep 5 2008 	Stay Clear!	Just returned from a business trip in London, booked St Giles through Hotels.com at £117 per night - Advise to pay a little more and stay somewhere else- yes it has a great location in the centre of the West End but .. bad service from reception, they lost my reservation and I had to pay again or &quot;find somewhere else&quot;!! tiniest bedroom on 7th floor very tired - Ive stayed in better B&amp;B'sNo hot water or pressure from the shower and on resporting to reception they said nothing to be done about itOverall very poor service and not what I expected for £117 per night	
Sep 4 2008 	Brilliant Location - Hotel OK	The St. Giles Hotel is a brilliantly located hotel if you are looking for somewhere to stay just for a couple of nights whilst you visit London. It is a good hotel if you are just looking for somewhere to put your head down for the night. The hotel is literally two minutes away from the tube station so you can easily get around London from there. Although, we didn't find that we needed to use the tube a lot because the location is brilliant. The hotel is just off Oxford Street so is in walking distance of most main attractions.The hotel is clean but could do with being refurbished. Certain areas are starting to look a bit shoddy. The rooms are fairly small but adequate for a few nights. We had a brilliant view right over London from our window. The only problem was the window didn't open very far which meant that the room got very hot, especially with being on the 9th floor. If you want to spend a lot of time in the hotel be prepared to be about boiled to death. The water is also boiling hot and we couldn't find a way to turn the temperature of the water down in the shower!The breakfast was a bit manic and you must be prepared to queue for at least 20 minutes if you want a full hot breakfast. We didn't - we just stuck to cereal, croissants and fruit juice. The Italian restaurant at the hotel is brilliant. There is a brilliant menu to suit all food requirements and the drinks menu is also fairly extensive. The food is good but be prepared to pay a little extra that average for this food. (Also, if you want chips make sure you order them separate because you just get what you order, i.e. Lasagne and that's it - no salad, garlic bread or chips!)The staff at the hotel were all very friendly and the staff at the Concierge Desk were extremely helpful, made you feel welcome and couldn't of been better. Everywhere you went in the hotel, if you met a member of staff the politely smiled and said hello - some asked where we'd been and if we were having a good time. So, I couldn't really fault the staff.All in all, a good hotel if you are visiting London for a few days and plan on just getting out to see a few sights or shows. Not bad value for money, a fairly inexpensive no thrills hotel but brilliantly located.	
Sep 4 2008	box room	St Giles is to be honest in a prefect location, however the rooms were so unbelievably small and the beds were tiny!!! My husband and I spent 3 days there and declined to eat the breakfast as it was rather like a holiday camp. To be totally fair the staff were pleasant, rooms clean and hotel clean, but never ever again will we return. We asked if we could pay for an upgrade and told we could, however there were no smoking rooms at all in the upgraded rooms. I would say if you dont mind a room which you only use to sleep in, i.e. you leave the room at 7.00am and return at 9.00pm then the hotel is prefect for you!!!	
Sep 2 2008 	Absolutely fine	My boyfriend booked a theatre package for us through superbreak and got this hotel for a good price. I was intially worried about the choice as I know of a very nice b&amp;b just up the road but when we arrived it was fine. Long queue at check in but it is a huge hotel that is very easy to find so we expected it. No difficulties with getting our room key and the room was better than I thought it might be. Quite clean, everything in working order, no noise from the road and bed plenty large enough. Breakfast in the morning had plenty of choice but also very busy so good idea to get there early or at the end of service if you are in a large group so that you can get a table.P.S cocktails in the bar are very yummy should you want to wind down after a night at the theatre.	
Aug 29 2008 	Shock horror I've stepped inside the Tardis!	Well I think I managed to hit the jackpot this time in the St Giles, I've had the largest room I've ever seen; I sat in bed, stretched out and couldn't touch the sides.I think the closer you are to the center of the towers, the bigger the room. Last time I stayed I had the room at the end of the tower, this time the centre.I stayed here again, only due to location, which is superb, otherwise the hotel is let down by constantly busy reception, queues for lifts and the worse breakfast known to man.As Phil and Kirsty would say, Location, Location, Location...	
Aug 29 2008 	Theatre Break	We stayed for a one night theatre break on the 12th July.My wife and I met up with three other couples for our friends 40th birthday and went to see &quot; We Will Rock You &quot; at the Dominion Theatre.The ST Giles could not be better placed, literally just round the corner from the theatre. The lobby was quite nice with a fast check in as they had plenty of staff on duty. The room was clean and tidy but very small. The room gave you the feeling of being in a small cabin on a ship, with the bed which was just about a double, taking up all of the floor space.The bathroom which again was clean was also very small with a shower, toilet and sink crammed in - no room for a bath.The hotel bar was quite smart and minimalsitic but was very pricey even for London standards. After the show and a meal at a local restaurant we returned to the hotel in the early hours to find the hotel bar still going strong with a good crowd in which was nice to finish the night off.Breakfast was a bit of a nightmare, very much canteen style self service for absolutely everything. We were queing at various machines for coffe and tea and another for juice. After grabbing what you need on a tray you then had to fight your way through the crowds to get back to your table. It really reminded me of the college refectory. No waitresses as such just general staff clearing, stacking, crashing and banging!!We checked out with no problems and the concierge desk has a very good set up so that you can safely leave your bags and wander around for the morning without hauling your luggage.Overall if your going to the Dominion then the hotel is okay at a good price, just don't expect the Ritz.	
Aug 29 2008 	Great staff - shame about the room and breakfast.	A party of eight of us - ranging from 14 to early 50's stayed at this hotel and all in all found it a mixed experience. The staff made a good impression on us as they were so friendly and helpful. There endeth the comlpiments! The rooms were accessed by an exceedingly small and slow lift service. Once inside the rooms, our hearts sank! Despite all having booked under one name, we had two rooms on the 8th floor and 2 on the 12th. Where's the logic in that? We examined all four rooms and found that they all had their faults and virtues.Good points:1) One of the rooms had a good view of London - Big Ben and Westmisnter Abbey could be seen.2) Sheets and pillowcases were crisp and white.3) Each room had an ensuite bathroom.4) The location of the hotel - close to Covent Garden and British Museum.5) The concierge staff - friendly and helpful.Bad points:1) The excessive heat. It was like being in a sauna. It was so stiflingly hot that even breathing was an effort. 2) The smell - our room stank. It transpired that the ensuite rooms didn't have an extractor fan and so the damp air simply circulated around the room and bathroom.3) The size of the shower - I have NEVER seen such a small shower cubicle.4) The duvets - synthetic covers which didn't smell or feel clean.5) The view from our window - a wall and a filthy dirty little balcony area.6) Curtains which did not hand properly.7) Only one chair per room - so the other occupant could only sit or lie on the bead. (Hence, I feel, the unclean feel to the duvets).8) A fan which was meant to cool the room could only be plugged into the single plug that existed and was too noisy and ineffecient to do more than shift the hot air around a little.9) The breakfast - only just about edible. The bread rolls weren't. Queues were massive. More like an ineffecient school canteen than anything else.I think that however cheap a hotel may be, ( and it wasn't THAT cheap!) it is fair to expect sweet-smelling and comfortable conditions. If I was a hotel inspector, I would close it down as I feel it is not fit for its purpose. I couldn't sleep or make myself comfortable in the room - thank goodness I only had a night to suffer! My daughter said that her room was better (the one with the view) and that it wasn't too hot either. Neither did it smell - so I suppose you could be luckier than I was!!	
Aug 24 2008 	fantasic hotel	after reading some of the reviews my wife and i were very close to changing hotels,but we never and we were glad we didnt.we stayed 21st august for 2 nights and had no bother, the lifts were very slow but we were up on the 8th floor and slept well our room was very clean and tidy.sure it was a bit slow in the morning times for breakfast but we coulnt fault it at all , it was a buffet style food great .it is very central to everything and good value all round. we arrived at the hotel at 1pm and got our room right away. i would recomend it to anyone it isnt expensive and great value for money! you wont be dissapointed for sure.	
Aug 24 2008 	Great value - have paid double for half as decent in the capital	I booked 2 twin rooms to visit London for some Christmas shopping last year. The friends I was travelling with were not familiar with London, so I chose St Giles as it was close to the tube and the main shopping/tourist areas. I did not expect grandeur for the price but was more than pleasantly surprised with the stay. We arrived quite late in the evening, around 10.30pm and were pleased to find that the &quot;close to the tube&quot; claim was actually correct, unlike many others. Just a minute away, even with luggage to carry. Our rooms were clean and tidy, with prefectly adequate facilities for a short break. We went downstairs and took a drink in the bar, which had an excellent range of international and domestic beers, wines and spirits. A point to note, although some other reviewers have complained that the rooms were old-fashioned (because you want to spend loads of time in your room when you are slap-bang in the middle of a capital city?!), the bar was cosmopolitan in decor, with soft and modern lighting and design. Although we did not have time to use the fitness centre, it was good to have such a facility included in the building. Breakfast was pleasant, a good selection on the cold buffet, nice to have the option of hot chocolate as well as tea or coffeee, and although not cooked to order, the hot items were hot and edible which is not always the case with buffets. We ate in the Italian restaurant on our last night, the food was not incredible but filled a hole. Service was fine throughout our stay and although there were sometimes queues for the lift, we found an ingenious way of avoiding this - taking the stairs.If you want to spend most of your time in the room, then perhaps book somewhere larger and more expensive. The St Giles is more than adequate for short business trips/tourists/shoppers/concert/theatregoers. If you consider that the average London hotel charges £150 - £250 a night and we paid £70, if I was visiting London again for a similar trip, I would certainly prefer to book the St Giles and spend the other £100+ a day on fine dining, shopping, entertainment etc. If you take a look at my other reviews you will note that I do not give praise lightly, but as the manager of a 5 star hotel I do understand what does and doesn't represent value for money and what should be expected for a certain price/star grading.	
Aug 23 2008 	Great location good value for money.	I read the reviews before I went and was a little concerned. When we arrived we were given rooms which smelled very strongly of smoke. As a non smoker and with two teenagers I decided to ask reception to move us. They could not have been more helpful and and the alternative rooms were fine. The view wasnt great but I wasnt there for a view....I was shopping and seeing a show. The location for those things was perfect. I would only say that there are some small things the hotel could do to improve things massively...first reseal the shower to get rid of mould, secondly add a curtain as the blinds dont keep the light out in the morning. We were impressed by the breakfast and we thought we got good value for money from the hotel. Would I stay there again? Absolutely...its a perfect spot for the theatres (walking distance) and the shops. I agree with the reviewer who mentioned the racket with London cabs....ask first an approximate price. One took us all round the back streets and charged us far more than we had paid on the way out for the same journey. They blame roadworks but its an excuse to rip people off by trying to lose then round the back streets. Back to the St Giles....you get what you pay for and the staff are nice....they stored our luggage all day after we checked out.	
Aug 21 2008 	Dreadful place - hated everything about it!	Don't book this place! Don't go there! And definitely avoid it if you have any claustrophobic tendencies!!This was the tiniest, grottiest hotel room I have ever had the misfortune to stay in - and I've stayed in plenty all over the world - none before have ever been so small and so depressing! Not only was the bedroom extremely cramped, the ensuite was too small even to house a bath, i.e. there wasn't one! I'm sure the bed was smaller than a standard double - my husband and I slept terribly. Not only was it very small, but it creaked noisily every time either of us moved (we spent the whole night waking each other up) and it was really lumpy and uncomfortable.This hotel is extremely ugly - a 1960s/70s concrete block - a total eyesore. And once inside, it doesn't get much better - the ambiance and decor is like something out of the 80s - it seriously needs updating and I would suggest they either knock the whole place down and start again or knock every 2 rooms into 1 to give the poor guests some breathing space.Breakfast was totally below parr - really tasteless, poor quality food. We were advised in the hotel information folder to get to the breakfast room before 8.30 &quot;to avoid queuing&quot; so we were there by 7.45 and the place was absolutely heaving. The atmosphere was like that of a factory canteen. The orange juice was not real juice, there wasn't any toast, and the scrambled eggs were clearly made from a powdered substitute and had the consistency of blancmange. Revolting.This hotel made me feel ashamed to be british. If people visiting London from abroad stay at the St Giles hotel and experience what my husband and I did, what on earth must they think of our country, our food standards and our taste in interior decor??! It is appalling - just plain embarrasing.How this hotel can call itself a 3 star establishment I just don't know. It's more like a hostel.The St Giles Hotel makes Travelodges (which we use quite regularly for short stays) seem like 5 star luxury!	
Aug 20 2008 	Perfect as a Central London base.	After a very long journey we did not have to queue to book in and were served by a lovely young lady, who was a trainee. (Tammi??) We were given a room on the 4th floor facing the front of the hotel. (4 lifts accessing all floors). The room was extremely hot and there was no air conditioning, but on further inspection there was a large fan stored in the bottom of the wardrobe! Being on the first floor the window did not open fully and was quite small, but we managed. The bathroom was very small, but clean, and i just hoped that i didn't drop the soap on the shower!!!!The bedding was immaculate, very comfy beds and spare pillows if we needed them.A lack of plugs though, one for the tv and one next to the dressing table - fan, hair straighteners, mobile phone charger??? Hmmmm.Breakfast was self service, which obviously meant you could have as much or as little as you liked with a lot of variety from European to good British breakfast. My only complaint here is that there was no toast. How can you have breakfast without toast????!!!!Very, very central. 3 mins walk to Tottenham Court tube and the same amount of time to Oxford Street. Brilliant location. We would definitely stay here again, good value for money, good food and nice friendly staff.	
Aug 19 2008 	what some people exdect	I booked this hotel for 3 nights,15th aug,afterwards i read some awful reviews and felt worried about going,even thought about changing hotel,and i'm glad i didn't.Ok the rooms are a bit small and when we went to our room it had a view of a concrete block,so i asked at the desk could they give us a better room ,the youbg man at the desk was so helpful and very happily change the room for us,we were able to see tottenham court road,we were very pleased,ok the rooms could do with a bit of work,and there was some damp in the shower but what the hect jour sheets were changed twice towels were fresh each day just check out the cost of other hotels.far more expencive.This hotel is only a few minutes to the underground and the same for Oxford street you can walk to Covent Garden also you could walk to see shows we went to see Dirty dancing it was fab.Each morning we went to have breakfast,there was so many choices and if you like a cooked breakfast you won't be dissapointed,also you could have as much as you like.We have stayed in some very nice hotels and some bad far worse than st giles,the big plus is location its perfect.One tip is always get the price up front for a cab journey my husband knows London very well so when we got a cab we wanted to go to Hyde Park we noticed he was going the long way around and should of been less than a ten minute journey and pointed this out,to which he replied that there was lots of water works being done and that the roads had been cut off our fare should have been about £7.00 he charge us £17.00 so after that we always asked the price before using a cab,asking a rough idea giving £1 here or there and that always did the trick,	
Aug 19 2008 	Good value for money 	We were prepared for our visit to the St Giles as we had read up on the reviews however we were pleasantly surprised. Arrived at approximately 7.45pm on Friday 15th August &amp; was greeted by a friendly receptionist. He asked us if we required a smoking or non smoking room (I was under the impression you couldnt smoke in a public place anymore) ?? Anyway he then went on to say that he only had 2 smoking rooms left of which he offered one of them to us &amp; said that it wouldnt smell of smoke &amp; it was the nicer of the 2 rooms he also went on to say that if we unhappy with the room in any way we were to go back to see him &amp; he would sort out another room for us. The room did not smell of smoke &amp; it was a reasonable size (not a shoe box) room 211 for reference..the bathroom was small but adequate &amp; was clean &amp; tidy. The bedroom again was clean &amp; tidy with nice crisp clean sheets. I did not find the room too warm &amp; if you keep your window closed the noise is minimal in my opinion. Breakfast was a bit of a free for all, it was very busy in the mornings but we always managed to get a table straight away. You then proceed to get a tray &amp; follow the other sheep in the queue until you have your required breakfast on the 2nd day of stay the queue was quite long &amp; I suppose by the time we sat back down with our breakfast we had been queing for approximately 7 to 10 mins. Selection of food was good eveything from cereal, yougurt, cheese, ham, rolls etc &amp; the good english breakfast of bacon scrambled egg,beans, sausage..unfotunately was was missing for me was toast...they only served rolls. I have to praise the concierge guys they were very helpul at directing us around London &amp; giving hints &amp; tips. I would stay at this hotel again as the location could not be faulted &amp; the fact that you can leave your luggage at the hotel until you are going home.	
Aug 18 2008 	Smelly small rooms	Rooms and corridors were smelly, rooms very small with windows that would not open and very uncomfortable beds. Flushing toilet resulted in raw sewage smell entering the bathroom. The resturant was like a school canteen, long lines of people waiting in line to collect their food. They missed our morning call at 5am and could not book taxis for our party. Avoid this hotel unless you like sleepless nights in smelly rooms.	
Aug 17 2008 	A perfect location	I have stayed at St Giles several times, and I also did during my stay in April 2008. Why do I like to stay here? It's not because of the hotel itself, but because of the perfect location near Tottenhan Court Road, Oxford Steet, British Museum and Covent Gardern. The hotel is not bad, rather average, but prices are OK when you think of the location. On St Giles you get what you pay for. I'm therefore a bit surprised by many of the reviews here; do people really think they can have a 4 or 5 star hotel stay, when they pay for a 3 star? If you want a better hotel, well; just choose a more expensive one! On the breakfast issue: yes, it's a lot of people at 8-9 o'clock in the morning, but this can be solved by turing up just before 8. Simple as that! Why do people expect to be almost alone in such a big hotel as St Giles? Get up 15 minutes earlier, and you'll have a good breakfast! And what about the traffic issue? Yes, it's a lot of cars outside, but again; why do people expect something else, like the quiet of the country side? This is central London! I don't think the traffic is any problem.All in all; I recommend St Giles.	
Aug 16 2008 	Location a saving grace	I spent 3 nights at the St Giles from 1st-4th August 2008. Check in was quick and I was given an upper floor room as requested. When I arrived at my room on the 9th floor I was amazed at how hot it was (it had not been a paricularly hot day). The room and bathroom had a general grottyness about them. The bedspread had a hole (possibly cigarette burn) in it, I had to sort through the towels to find the ones without marks on them, the window didn't open properly because the TV was in the way and I was unable to deadbolt my door. After a long day of travel I ventured down to the hotel restaurant (the Italian one) it was average, but just couldn't bring myself to go any further away. Thought I might relax and watch an inhouse movie after dinner and was confronted by girl on girl porn which had no warning or security controls on it, which I felt was completely inappropriate.The lifts were inadequately small during busy check in and check out times (I walked up to the 3rd floor to catch the lift one day so I didn't have to wait in the huge queue in the lobby).Only one power plug in the room which is incredibly annoying as I was unable to charge my phone and have the fan on (which despite the mild temperature was absolutely necessary at all times) at the same time. The room was small, which wasn't a surprise, but I was quite glad that my friend decided not to stay with me as 2 would have been a squeeze.Basically the only thing this hotel has going for it is the location (and I guess that is why they stay in business).	
Aug 14 2008 	Great Location	Stayed at St Giles with my 15 year old daughter for 3 nights - paid £152 each B+B + budget theatre ticket to see 'Joseph'. The hotel was in a great central location - junction of Tottenham Court Road and Oxford Street. We felt we got value for money at this hotel. The hotel room had clean white sheets which were changed after two nights. Towels were changed every day. Only recommendation I would make is that the hotel undergoes a 'deep clean' e.g. dust visible on many surfaces (skirting, lampshades, kettle shelf, bottom of wardrobes). There was black mould on some of the shower tiles - the shower needing regrouting in places. Also splashes of blue mouthwash on bathroom tiles.The hotel also provides a file on information about the hotel and its facilities which was out of date on some pages and was very uninteresting to read e.g. no colour, image portrayal, design etc.Overall we had a fantastic time in London. We would certainly use St Giles Hotel again if we required an average budget break away.	
Aug 14 2008 	Small sticky claustrophobic!	I thought this was a horrible place to stay, although the lobby was quite nice, the room was so small and hot and sticky (no temperature control...only a fan!). The decor was dated, I bearly had enough room to put my case down because the space around the bed is so limited (my case was small). Repeating what someone else said, the shower was tiny and quite claustrophobic!Never thought I would champion all the generic Travelodge/ Ibis/ Express Inn's but I would always choose these over th St Giles if I had to choose again! I left feeling quite stressed!	
Aug 12 2008 	Bed in a Box	This was our second stay at the St Giles, the previous time was in 2003. So I knew the room was going to be small but had forgotten how claustrophobic and noisy it was. This time we were staying for six nights. It's in a fabulous location just around the corner from Oxford St. close to buses, underground, theatres, and any other attraction you're heading for in London...but..... it's basically a bed in a box. The receptionist took a while to find our booking and kept asking me if I was such and such a person even though she had all my details written in front of her. I'd made an early bird booking through Expedia.co.uk. (at least 30 days in advance) It stated that early bird bookings means run of the house rooms which are allocated at time of arrival. I did think from reading that, that we may have the chance of a bigger room than last time, how wrong was I? The room was stifling, the A/C was so noisy that we had to turn it off and open the window which made us feel like we were sleeping on the street with the amount of noise that came in. I was sharing the room with my husband and we soon agreed that if one of us was trying to move around the room the other had to stay on the bed as there was no room to move about at the same time without bumping into each other. The duvet was not particularly clean and smelled of 'someone else' although the bed sheets and pillows seemed fine. There was a very handy safe in the room albeit in a very awkward position near the window so you had to move the large standard lamp out of the way before you could get to it. There is internet access downstairs near reception which costs one sterling pound per 10 minutes - a rip off... but I needed it urgently so put in my pound - nothing happened, stupidly I put in another pound again nothing. I told the concierge who informed me that it was not the hotel's responsibility and I couldn't have a refund. I would have to take up my complaint with the internet company. I told him he was having a laugh and he pointed me in the direction of the Guest manager who after hearing what had happened immediately refunded my money without question. Thank you Mr Concierge.On one of our days there my husband was feeling unwell so I put the &quot;Do not disturb&quot; sign on the door before I left so he could get some sleep. He had four phone calls within an hour asking him when he would be vacating the room for the cleaners. He explained the situation but they seemed not to listen and he was constantly pestered until he refrained from answering the phone.If you are only staying in London for a couple of nights and not planning on spending any length of time in your room then St Giles standard room is fine particularly if you're on a budget. However our room was particularly dingy and depressing and I would have to be pretty desperate to go back again. I forgave it the first time because of it's brilliant location but ....twice bitten so to speak. Next time I'll make sure I go to the Jury's Inn in Islington instead.	
Aug 11 2008	Great location - But has a few problems	We stayed here as part of a large group of girls on a hen weekend. Having struggled to find a hotel which would accomodate 23 of us, the St Giles was really our only option.Anyway, I must say, I was abit wary after reading some of the reviews. The room is a bit small, and the bathroom is quite possibly the smallest I have ever encountered, but it does have one major thing going for it... the location! The hotel is just off Tottenham Court Road, and about a stones throw away from Tottenham Court Road tube station. The British Museum is about 5 minutes away, too! As I said, the room is a bit on the small side, but unless you're paying loads, you're not going to get much bigger in London. We were on the 12th floor, and it was hot! We checked in at 2pm (Standing in a queue for 20-30mins), and as soon as we walked in we opened the window. When we returned to our room at 12.30am, it was still baking hot! There is a small fan, but I would hated to have been staying in this hotel if it had been really hot. Noise is a bit of an issue, but my advice with any city centre hotel... take earplugs! Cleanliness wise, it wasn't bad. Looking a bit tired, but ok. Could do with more sockets in the room. We had one, which when you are trying to straighten hair, whilst the fan is on isn't possible!	
Aug 11 2008 	Location is the saving grace!	First impression was absolutely awful which didn't help, as it was late arriving and people were all drunk in London seemingly!! Certain noises were very very off putting and our first night really made us question where we had arrived at all!! While originally I really thought it was poor and shabby, I realised after the first day in London just how great it was to be so centrally located. We could drop back to leave bags and change so easily. It was very handy for getting taxi's, getting to the underground stop (1min walk) so overall, I think I probably would stay again. I just won't be expecting what the hotel website describes it as - they must be looking through rose tinted glasses!! It's relatively cheap - so on my budget - it's just fine!No breakfast was included so can't comment on food. Was kind of happy to wander about for something though!	
Aug 7 2008 	Offers good value for money	Stayed in St Giles for two nights. The best thing about this hotel is its excellent location, the hotel is very central and within walking distance to lots of attractions. The rooms are very clean, but although basic they are fine for tourists who are out and about most of the day. I did find that queues for reception could be very long at times. Also get down to breakfast early e.g before 8.45am as very long queues tend to build. Overall this hotel offers good value for money for people looking for no frills accomodation in the heart of London.	
Jul 31 2008 	clean friendly and great location	whats all the moaning about... i really dont know what people expect for their money.St Giles is clean, friendly and is in a fantastic location.Especially if you want to go to 'we will rock you' at dominion theatre (5 mins walk away) and use the tube as tottenham court rd tube station is 5 mins away too.Near all the shops and resteraunts, sainsburys directly across street. cinema accross road.The only two negative things i can say are :-its hot, no air con -its very noisy, even from the 12th floor .. but then again if you want to be in the middle of where everything is, then it is going to be noisy!We found the whole place to be very clean and staff very helpful and friendly.. has luggage room and staff can offer advice on tubes / attractions and directions.Room was clean, maid service every day with fresh towels.It is small but for us it was only somewhere to shower and sleep so that was all we needed.Breakfast was 6.30 - 10.30 and consisted of cereals, fruit, yoghurts, breads, bacon /sausage /egg / hash brown/ beans, juices/ tea/coffee.Lovely bar with leather settees but drinks on the expensive side.Also nice pub just up the road but last orders are at 11pm.we did 'the original tour' (open top bus) which cost us £22 pp for 24hr , as traffic moves slow and you have to pay to get in many of the attractions you see, i would advise getting a 1 day tube pass instead as this only costs £5.30pp , lasts longer and gets you around much quicker, we did this the day after.unless your VERY fussy then this is a good base for a theatre break or just a London break.	
Jul 29 2008 	"Don't Go - Awful"	This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. I booked a superior double and it was like a rabbit hutch and the bathroom was so small, you had to stand in the shower to shut the door!! The bed was not even the size of a double bed. The noise from the road is a constant 24hrs a day. There is no air conditioning in the room, just a fan in the wall that circulates the hot air around. You can not keep the window open, as you would never get to sleep. It was the hottest day of the year while we were there and the room was unbearable. You couldn't come back to your room during the day to relax, so my husband and I who had come away for a relaxing weekend without our children, just stayed out all day and only went back to get showered and changed. To make matters even worse, which they didn't tell me when I booked the room with the hotel direct, there is a building site that is next door and they were unloading scaffolding trucks all day. The wardrobe held about 5 items of clothing and had no door on it and the table lamp shades were all covered in water stains.The restaurant is like a school canteen, where you all line up with a tray and pick from burnt bacon, cheap sausages and sloppy scrambled eggs. You have to get your tea and coffee from a machine as well. The breakfast was so bad, even though we had pre paid for breakfast we didn't go down again and I am not fussy at all. If this hotel had been cheap, I wouldn't have minded so much, but it isn't. The fire alarms went off at 3am in the morning while we were there also. Which wasn't an issue. We rushed downstairs and guests were just opening their bedroom doors and shutting them and going back to bed. When we got to reception, there was no muster point, no staff on hand to inform you what was happening and the fact the hotel has 560 rooms and was full, there was only about 20 guests who had bothered to get up. We waited outside for 20 minutes and still no-one came out to see us and let us know what was happening. After 30 minutes and then finally having to ask the guy at the reception desk what was going on, he said it was a false alarm, but up until then no-one knew any news and all those guests were still in bed. It was frightening and dangerous. We went back to bed and it went off again at 3.50am, I rang reception and asked if it was a false alarm and they said we will ring you back!! When they rang back to confirm it was a false alarm we couldn't get back to sleep, as you were not confident that it was. If I have had our children with us, we would have left and gone somewhere else. I could go on forever about this dire hotel. Just if you have booked cancel and if you haven't don't even think about it!!!!!	
Jul 25 2008 	Good base	We only stayed at the St Giles for one night , we used it as a base for a short stay in London , as some of the other posters have said the room was small but clean tidy and comfy, the room had a double bed , TV , tea &amp; coffee making , a small bathroom with a sink, WC &amp; shower , no air con but their was a fan we could use in the wardrobe.The staff seemed friendly enough and check in was quick &amp; uncomplicated , breakfast was a buffet which was plentiful and a good selection , the hotel is situated close to Tottenham Cort road tube ( 5 Min's walk ) ideal when you want to be out &amp; about, we would use this hotel again , 5* it aint but its a clean and comfy place to rest your head while you do the sights .	
Jul 25 2008 	Slummy hotel with delusions of grandeur	When I arrived, I thought the hotel looked quite promising. Fairly impressive reception area, and concierge. But the room! I could not believe it. I've stayed at more appealing youth hostels. The room was miniscule, the beds uncomfortable, way past their best and too narrow for anyone other than a child. The small TV was propped on a scabby MDF unit that looked like it had been chucked together. The carpet was sticky! With what, I dread to think, but it was deeply unpleasant, whatever it was. The hotel is on one of the noisiest streets in London so I got hardly any sleep whatsoever. Breakfast was like a war zone, with a buffet style help-yourself set-up, but the quality of the food was poor so we decided to give it a miss. We were booked in for three nights but only stayed for one as it was so vile. I'd rather have slept in a bus station! The final insult was that we both were itching like mad for a few days afterwards. Fleas? Bedbugs? Whatever it was, I don't really care to think about it! Avoid this hotel at all costs. It's a disgrace.	
Jul 19 2008 	Basic accommodation	I booked this hotel before discovering this site and so was apprehensive and rightly so. Accordingly, I emailed the hotel to check something about a month before my stay and never received a reply. Suspicions confirmed.Upon arrival, I was informed by a very young, uninterested and unhelpful receptionist that my credit card had been rejected and that she couldn't help me. She very grudgingly said that she would hold the booking while I traipsed about the high street looking for an ATM. Not a good start. Especially given that I used my card everyday for the next fortnight in three different countries and there was absolutely no problem with it at all...The room was small, dirty, no fridge, no microwave, and threadbare grey towels. The street noise was very loud until 5am every night with a brief lull from 5am-5.45am when it started again.It's obvious that they don't care about customer service in this hotel, the location ensures that they are full to overflowing. Indeed, I've never stayed in such a busy hotel.By Australian standards, this was not a cheap hotel -- and it was small, dirty and the service was terrible -- stay somewhere else...PP	
Jul 15 2008 	Not the best place I have stayed in	We stayed at the St Giles more out of convenience since it was in central london. I had read various reviews about the hotel so was very aprehensive about staying here but for the price £99 a night in central london you can not complain really.Yes, it was noisy, yes the room was so tiny you cant move, yes it got warm and yes the room was not very clean. ( I had read the reviews mentioning bed bugs and I have to admit I did check my mattress!) But to be honest if you want to stay in london, cheap, and very central, St Giles is fine. I can imagine staying more than one night may grate on your nerves as you wont get a good nights sleep because of the noise but YOU ARE IN CENTRAL LONDON!! The city that never sleeps!!We will not stay here again because we have found a nicer hotel nearby for an extra £20 a night. For the sake of an extra £10 a night each I would rather stay in more luxury.	
Jul 14 2008 	centre of attraction	a perfectly adequate hotel right in the heart of all the action, theatres ,shops, restaurants etc although it was a bit noisy at night but you cant have it all ways. The room was cosy enough and clean , our hot water was only tepid but we notified front desk on our way out to theatre and when we came back it was sorted. No fuss. Breakfast was ample , self service buffet but loads to choose from , my hubi had a bit of everything....greedy thing....we will definately go back and we even had a choice of smoking or non ! Ive not stayed in many london hotels but this one is certainly good value. We had show tickets, hotel london eye and train fare all for less than 100 pound each !!	
Jul 7 2008 	Well located budget hotel	I stayed at St. Giles hotel for one night as part of a hen party visiting London on a theatre break.I felt that for the excellent room rate for a cetral London hotel, the room was a decent size with basic but clean facilities and privded us with a comfortable night's stay. I shared with my sister and our room offered two single beds with space between, a dressing table area with plug sockets and independantly down-lit mirror and the bathroom had a shower rather than a bath, which suited us fine for our short trip. Toiletries were supplied and there was an average speed hairdryer in the bathroom.I realised that I had forgotten to print out some information for the hen night and the concierge staff were extremely helpful, allowing me to access my email on their PC and to print out the information I needed. I noticed that they also allowed some other guests to print out ticket information. as the public internet access does not have printing facilities.We arrived back to the hotel at approximately 1230 on Saturday evening after our night out and proceeded to the bar for a night cap. We were happily ensconced here for a good few hours and on the receiving end of some very helpful advice from the staff about new and interesting drinks to try, which ended our evening nicely.The breakfast was plentiful and vaired with choices from fresh fruit, cerals, yoghurts, cold meats and cheese to full English fry up. We also found the staff to be helpful and attentive in the dining room.We left our luggage on checking out so that we could spend some more time in the City and the concierge again exceeded our expectations by taking some of the hen night paraphenalia to store for when our hen returned to collect her bags. We were advised on the best routes and transport methods and generally, these guys were most helpful.Location-wise the hotel is a short walk from shopping areas, one tube-stop from Leicester Square and a good base for most of the main attractions.Overall a good stay in a hotel that offers excellent value for money.	
Jul 1 2008 	great location good value	I had some fear about booking this hotel, due to some of the recent reviews. However, the location looked excellent and we would not be spending a lot of time in the hotel anyway. We were not booked in for breakfast, so i can not comment on the quality or service of this.The service of the staff was generally very helpful and good.The rooms are small, but they are clean and the beds are comfortable. They are hot, so a fan is needed. It would be great if they could get some air con for the hotel.The lifts are slow too, and often very full.However, this hotel is a practical and reasonably priced one for central London.	
Jun 29 2008 	Okay for a short stay	Arrived on a Friday afternoon and chck-in took around 30 minutes. Allocated a room on the 3rd floor, a reasonable size for London but very basic furnishings. The room was very warm during the night, opened the window and was woken up at 7am by lots of banging and crashing coming from over the road. The bar was nice good, and the restaurant looked okay although did not eat there. Overall, reasonablevalue for money but would not like to stay for more than 1 - 2 days.	
Jun 25 2008 	cant beat its location !	I was bringing my daughter to London as an 18th birthday present and booked into St Giles for 2 days as according to maps it was in close proximity to the shops. I was pleasantly surprised when coming out of Tottenham Court tube i could see the hotel signs and how close it was. Like all places you cant check in til the afternoon but we were able to leave our luggage all day whilst we shopped and again on our last day once checked out - left our luggage secure all day til we were ready to catch train home.We never had breakfast but that was only due to us wanting to eat out. The hotel is perfectly placed for all the shops and sights if you fancy a stroll. 2 mins away from closest tube station for further afield places to visit.you cannot beat it for location in london. yes, rooms are fairly small but we had a twin and it was perfect for a couple of nights. We had large industrial fans below outside our window and yet were able to sleep with window open all night. Good shower, clean towels, everything worked in the room. to be honest i used to work in a top London hotel and am very critical of my surroundings now but was pleased with St Giles and will deffinately stay there again. Infact we are back down in about a week and am booking a room now - hence why i remembered to do this review!	
Jun 23 2008 	simple cheap honest perfect location - everything I want	I had heard positive things about this hotel and then in November I stayed there (work conference) - I was very pleased with the place and booked again for a weekend trip in May for a shopping trip with a friend.This hotel is perfect for my needs. I like things simple, yet clean, a place you can trust and reasonably priced. Cheap (in London) normally means dingy and far from the west-end. This hotel is perfect. Just off of Oxford street - walking distance to theatres, attractions and shopping - or you can just hop on a bus/tube to whereever.The hotel in itself is an old YMCA that has been refurbished - so that gives you an idea of what to expect. The entrance hall is very grand and that in itself can give the wrong impression - the rooms are a let down in comparison yet I still think they are well worth the money. Checking in can go smoothly but if you are unlucky you can be waiting a while in the queue. The staff are pleasant, mostly foreign, English their second language - but goodwill and patience is a virtue. My room in November was on the second floor and in May it was on the third - both times they were a corner room. Maybe we were lucky there. We could use the stairs - when there were queues for the lifts, but beware the second floor is not really the second floor. The rooms where a pleasant temperature (I like it cold at night) - I turned down the heating on arrival and opened the window while we were out. I did hear of a few people complaining that the rooms were too hot - I don´t know if their thermostat was broken. Yes, the rooms are small and the bathrooms are as small as they could be - but my friend and I didn´t need more - we slept and showered. .. and then we shoppedThe evenings where quiet - but the walls on all sides up and down are thin - so you can hear some noises. Mornings are noisy - so if you are a light sleeper and want to sleep in I recommend ear plugs for the early hours. The hotel leaves a welcome letter which advises what time to go to breakfast. If you do go at the wrong time then expect a bit of waiting. The breakfast is fine if included in the room fee - you can eat light or eat for the day. It is not strictly an english breakfast and not continental either - they seem to have tried to cater for most (european) tastes - maybe a bit pricey if you pay extra (I think it was about 7 pounds) - but seven pounds is not bad for London. Starbucks is not far away and a brilliant tiny tiny shop over the road that sells wonderful coffee and fairtrade chocolate.Problems: We booked both times direct with the hotel, first time a group booking over the phone, second time using their website. The first booking they had seemed to have lost my booking (but not the rest of our group) - the hotel was full yet they were very helpful and found us a room (don´t know who they had to kick out) - everything took a bit a time but all was well. The second booking, through the internet, went better. I received a booking nr but no e mail confirmation. I rang the hotel to confirm my booking and I was booked in and everything was fine- so the internet system worked but email confirmation failed. Both times I booked about 3 months ahead and paid about 98 pounds a night - excellent for London, for the location and for the quality. I am familiar to the area and wanted to stay in the Bloomsbury area for my weekend. St Giles is the place for me now whenever I return -especially with a friend or my husband. I would probably not take my kids there - if i took my kids to London I would probably stay Hamstead Health way or Holland park (more residential).	
Jun 15 2008 	Sadly in keeping with other reviews	We wanted somewhere central but after booking saw all these other reviews so was obviously quite worried. Sadly the hotel was in keeping with what other people have said. Yes it is brilliantly located and yes you can eat a big breakfast but it does get very busy. I had requested a quiet room but with the room we got it would have been impossible to have slept with the windows open. The shower room was ridiculously small and generally the room was too small to be comfortable in. I think though it would serve as a one night place if you needed somewhere to sleep and were not fussy. I think the saddest thing was the lack of smiles from any of the staff.	
Jun 12 2008 	rooms very warm small and noisey	We were on 11th floor, room was very warm and could only open window slightly, blinds dont shut completely to keep the light out in the mornings. The shower only trickled and no particular temperature setting. noise from outside all night and morning, with building work close by starting at 7:30 am.fire alarm kept going off one morning, we were told later it was a test but wasnt warned before hand .	
Jun 11 2008 	us a travel lodge insted	Small room very tatty, noisy room , bathroom old and very tired, no hot water, lifts very slow, room far to hot, tv picture awful.go stay in a travel lodge the standard is far far higher.	
Jun 8 2008 	Great Location...not the best night's sleep	We were a bit concerned having read some of the other reviews, but also aware that people have different standards and expectations of hotels. You could not have got a much better location for the price, we came out of Tottenham Court Tube station and could see the sign straight away. We checked in with no problems and went to our room on the 7th floor. The room was very small but it is the centre of London so to some extent we weren't suprised. The bathroom was extremely small with barely enough room to turn around. One of the main problems was the heat. The room was baking hot, with no air con but we did have a fan which we had to have on every night (and it isn't even proper summer yet!) The bed was small as was the tv, but we didn't spend a lot of time in our room so it wasn't a major issue. We had a drink in the bar downstairs, The Lazy Dog, and other than London prices it was a nice bar. We didn't have breakfast at the hotel even thought it was included, nor did we eat there but that was just because we were in London and wanted to go out.We found it useful to get 3 day tube tickets, and couldn't believe it when on the fourth day we had to pay nearly the same amount for a day on the three day ticket just for a single trip to Kings Cross.Overall not a bad hotel but definitely not the best or the biggest!	
Jun 8 2008 	Great location but....	Booked hotel as part of theatre/hotel package as a birthday surprise for my husband.Great location, but the double room, although clean, was very tiny and in need of an up-date! No curtain at the window, only blinds which did not keep the early morning light out of the room.The bathroom was in dire need of a make-over, very small shower, tiles looked very old and dated. The toilet seat did not match the rest of the sanitary-ware. The hair-dryer looked like something out of the the 1930's!!!Although our room overlooked side street, the traffic noise from Tottenham Court Road all night was awful - could have done with some sound proofing. The only air-con was a large noisy fan!!!!TV had dreadful reception.On the plus side, apart from location, was that the check-in staff were polite and helpful. The full English breakfast was very good.The brilliance of 'The Jersey Boys' more than made up for the hotel room.However, glad we were only staying one night. I felt I did not get value for money as we have stayed in fairly standard hotels in USA which have far more and far better facilities.	
Jun 6 2008 	Good location - very small room	We stayed at the St Giles hotel for one night last week. We chose it for its location, which is ideal, literally seconds away from Oxford Street...However, its location is the only good point I can really think of. The room was small and in need of updating... The bathroom was okay and had recently been redone, but the bedroom was old, dated and tiny!The staff at reception were polite and helpful, and so was the staff at the bar.However, the big deception was breakfast. The breakfast room is like a canteen. You have to pick up a tray and help yourself to food. The food quality and choice wasn't that great and the staff walking around looked really miserable and not one person said hello...Again, good location, but I don't think I will stay there again...	
Jun 4 2008 	glad we didnt listen to bad reviews.	we stayed for 2 nights at end of may 2008. there were 3 couples in our party and we all agreed that we would stay in the st giles again when we next visit london. it was so central and easy to get to. we went to the theatre when we were in london and were able to walk back to the hotel. the rooms were small but had everything we needed. we were very pleased with how pleasant the staff were. the breakfast was wonderful. glad we didnt listen to the bad reviews.	
May 28 2008 	Anywhere is better than this	just returned today from St giles. Had read the reviews but was open-minded - It was just for 1 night afterall. Having read about the size of the rooms, we booked 2 mini-suites - they had to be bigger. My god -what a dreadful place. The suite was tiny, a settee in the room looked as if it had come from a hostel, absolutely no space round the bed, no drawers to put your clothes - just some open shelving. Little did we realise the best was yet to come. Breakfast - After queueing outside for 15 minutes we entered the breakfast room to be met by a canteen atmosphere. There were no proper seating arrangements, the tables were absolutely filthy and the whole experience was one of a cattle market. There was one huge line of people, approximately a 15 minute wait, to get to the five trays of warm cooked food. The 3 bowls of fruit offered to go with cereal were more fitting to that used in pie filling. It was sub-standard. Though St Giles is a cheap hotel I would say this to people. Either spend a little more for a better hotel or choose a Travel-lodge. Don`t go here!!!!	
May 24 2008 	Ideal Location In Need Of Updating	I stayed at this hotel for one night with my friend which was fine. The staff was friendly, breakfast plentiful and great atmosphere. I do agree that for the money, the quality of the rooms are poor. Rooms are very small (and noisy if you open the window due to the position of the hotel on a busy road). I booked a twin room but only received one set of towels. Bathroom was clean and the shower hot. For an overnighter I think this hotel is adequate. Maybe slightly pricey for the accomodation you get, but nicely situated in the heart of the city.	
May 24 2008 	Stayed for 3 weeks an have survived!	My work paid for this hotel, maybe they don't like me!I think the best points have been raised along with the bad all I can add is that having stayed on the 11th floor - Hot water never seemed to reach the bathroom shower and what is it about the ghost lift in the night!, the 4th floor - so noisy I think it may have been quiter to sleep in the lift!My favourite floor so far is the 7th - room 714 its small for a double but spacious for a single bod, the shower worked perfectly and it was a clean room. The telly is up high so no chance of turning the telly on and off with your feet I'm afraid. There is also a vending machine in the lift area on this floor, chocolate,crisps soft drinks and lager. The lager could help for those who wish to sleep! People have mentioned the chinese at the hotel, I never tried it because if you turn right up Tottenham Court Road then cross the road, take the 2nd left there starts a whole array of restaurants and all quite resonable. If you head up to Googe street there are several Italian restaurants some not just pizza and pasta! The Rising Sun and the Jack Horner Pubs also serve resonable food and real ale.I have another 2 weeks at this hotel - so lets see what other floors I can get to.! I've stopped waiting for the lifts in the morning its quicker by the stairs. The breakfasts are just as described but the coffee is good and there is no restriction on how many times you go up to the small hot buffet or the cold selections! I wuld however suggest you either get down before 8am or after 9am as it always appeared busy between these times.	
May 23 2008 	Appalling - Avoid at all costs	Ok so this hotel has a good location but there are many hotels in London which are reasonably priced and do not treat their customers like this. Check-in was confusing and drawn out, room was tiny, in disrepair and unclean. There was no heating or aircon so room was cold and smelly, shower did not work, blinds did not close, safe did not work and reception did not answer my phonecall. Also average wait on a lift was about 10 minutes.Breakfast was, as noted by other customers, canteen-style buffet so you have to queue and someone else decides how much food you can receive. Even the dining room was filthy. I intended to complain but the queue at reception was so big I didn't want to arrive at my business meeting late (in addition to not being properly clean or rested). I will be putting this in writing to the hotel. This experience is wholly and completely unacceptable and could so easily be avoided with a little care and attention.	
May 16 2008 	Terrible Terrible hotel	Stayed at the St Giles for one night in May 2008 - 'double' room was tiny - could touch the walls with my arms outstretched. Bathroom was small and unclean.I had no air-con so had to open the window - big mistake - is on a very major road - got less than 3hrs kip (not good prep for a meeting the next morning).But worst of all was the reception - a new start was working her first shift and the manager (or more senior person), Mark, kept shouting at her and putting her down in front of guests as she made a few errors (really small things) - felt really sorry for her.Food was ok - ate in the Chinese restaurant.My company paid £99 for this hole - but hey it's London so they can get away with it - any other city in the UK they would be out of business in a month. Tip to anyone thinking of going from overseas- get on a train to York/Manchester/Leeds/Newcastle/Durham and stay in a proper nice hotel in a nice part of the world.	
May 12 2008 	A Tomb With a View Revisited	As soon as we arrived at the St. Giles, we were informed that all thatwas available &quot;is a blah blah blah... would you like to upgrade?&quot;We upgraded.First impression: a previous guest must have had a very bad night. The entry door had been worked over by a heavy and sharp implement of destruction.I wondered if &quot;The Shining&quot; had been filmed in my very own hotel room.We had elected to upgrade to a &quot;suite&quot; from god-only-knows-what. The bedroom (the one with the alleged &quot;double&quot; bed) was so small that Icould stand on the bed and touch opposing walls with my fingertips.I could (and did) change the TV channel with my feet.Room number 2 of the &quot;suite&quot; would be better described as a crypt, and the single bed was a gurney. There was a small table in this room as well as a wooden stool. The hotel was nice enough to leave stationary and a pen on the table. A previous guest had apparently written a heavy-handed note on the stack of stationary, and although the original letter was no longer there, the impression of the despondent writer's last words remained on the remaining leaves. In short, the poor man was NOT a happy camper either. One can only hope that he was granted his final requests. My wife checked the closet for a body but GUESS WHAT! The &quot;closet&quot; wouldn't hold a body, much less our clothing and/or suitcases.The &quot;bathroom&quot;? It was so small that the bathroom door had a cut-out in it so that it could swing inwardly and bypass the sink. I wished that the wall opposite the toilet had similar accommodations for my knees. I have been on small airplanes whose lavatories were luxurious by comparison. Let's put it this way: it would have been easy to mistake the shower curtain for toilet paper. (Okay, maybe not, but the shower curtain was much easier to reach than the toilet paper).The shower? That must have been where that nozzle projected from the wall above the toilet. An overhead bidet perhaps? 'Splain it to me, Lucy. No. Wait. Don't tell me. I don't want to know how...So much for the bright side. On to the bad news.If you live in the UK and EVER have the urge to visit Rio, during Carnival, stifle it. You can save a ton of money by staying not in Rio but in London's own St. Giles Hotel. Why wait for Carnival? You can do it 24/7/365 at St. Giles! (Whether you like it or not).At night, the street below has it all: freaks, goons, street performers of all sorts and stripe, public debauchery, and NOISE. Virgin Records stages promotions which attracts gaily-clad lads and lasses sporting brand new dermagraphics on various parts of their bodies. And oh, you'll be moved to tears--- literally--- by the morose, multiply- pierced-dressed-in-mourning Goths. Somebody PLEASE safely store all sharp and pointed objects!The concierges? Well, let's just say that they understand only one thing. I never did determine what that one thing is, but it's probably a word spoken in a language unknown to the live-bearing world.And the pizzeria right in the hotel! Hey, it would have been nice to have had some cheese on my cardboard hubcap. And why did the &quot;bottled&quot; water have a disturbing sunny look to it? And why wasn't it opened at the table? And why didn't the restaurant have another, UNOPENED bottle of water for us when we asked for one?Breakfast will be an experience of a lifetime (provided, of course,that you survive your overnight stay). The fare was interesting. Breakfast came in various shades of yellow, brown, and gray, and it had much of the taste and texture of food. It was a correctional-facility buffet-style breakfast without all the frills like forks, spoons, napkins, and elbow room.The lifts: by the time I arrived at the fourth floor, I felt that I had aged considerably.The front desk help: see concierge. Concierge: See front desk. Where the h*ll did everyone go?All for now. Ta ta!Bloo Dog	
May 1 2008 	Mixed feelings about the St. Giles Hotel	The good  location (near Oxford St) and rich buffet breakfast, clean rooms, moderate pricingThe bad  Shabby, worn out hotel. Small rooms, lousy beds (mattresses are probably from the Queen Victoria era), noisy &amp; busy, bad internet (non-inroom,Ill elaborate: The hotel is located near the east end of Oxford St, nearby Tottenham Court Road and its associated tube station, within a 3 minute walk. From Heathrow take the tube (underground) Piccadilly line and change at Leicester Sq for the Northern line going north for one station. The hotel itself holds hundreds (600?) of rooms which makes it quite a busy hive during peak seasons. This is well noticed during breakfast, check-in, check-out, storing luggage or any elevator ride. The moderate condition lobby conceals the worn out condition of its guest rooms. The rooms are small and clean but the furniture condition is quite in bad shape. The beds, for example, are inconvenient to sleep in probably due to mattresses which have been manufactured during the late 80s (19th Century). The room has some basic equipment like a safe, hair drier, electric kettle (with coffee and tea supplies).The rooms may become noisy both due to the location of the hotel and also the room density (narrow corridors and number of rooms per wing per floor). I myself had some trouble sleeping (not only due to the mattresses).The hotel supplies a good breakfast, buffet style  items include: cereal variety, eggs, ham, sausages, cheese, European coffee machines, juices etc. We managed to book this hotel for about 100 GBP per night for a couple including breakfast. Ive stayed in other hotels (even worse) which charged me double.The business facilities of this hotel are unnoticeable. For example - first obstacle for getting a fax was finding the hotel fax number which the main one goes to the concierge which is typically busy handling other stuff. Internet  none in the rooms yet the lobby has 2 options  a coin internet machine and WiFi through daily/weekly subscription. The wireless option is unreliable, not stable and bottom line not usable. Refunds were out of the question.So whats the bottom line? This depends if this stay is for business or pleasure and if you value location and breakfast over busy and noise.I personally wont stay again at this hotel.	
Apr 29 2008	Nice Hotel	I thought i would come onto this website to review St Giles as some reviews almost made me cancel and book another hotel but was really not necessary!I stayed here for my hen do with a group of friends, the hotel staff were nice and helpful. The breakfast was really nice and a good choice. The rooms were small but adequate. I booked through an events company which was the only problem i had as i booked 4 twin rooms and one triple. When i arrived the rooms were not ready so i left our luggage in the one room that was and hit the shops. By the time i returned to check in they had run out of twin rooms and only had one left - this could be a problem for others but was not for me. The doubles they gave us were Deluxe so much nicer anyway. I believe the only problem with this hotel is the companies that make the bookings for them, they book more rooms than they have available.That aside the hotel is a great location and comfprtable and clean. you get what you pay for!!	
Apr 26 2008 	Pleasantly Surprised	Recently stayed here for two nights on business.Was slightly worried by some of the very negative reviews but in reality my stay was very pleasant.Staff were VERY helpful and polite, the room was clean and comfortable (I was on the second floor) and even with the window open I didn't experience it as &quot;unacceptably noisy&quot; as some reviewers suggest.Vending machines for snacks and drinks and an Ice dispenser on the ground floor were useful additional facilities.Breakfast was a bit &quot;hectic&quot; but after all this is a busy hotel right in the heart of the City and you would have to go considerably further &quot;up market&quot; to get a genteel breakfast experience!Overall a pleasant surprise compared to many similarly priced city centre venues.I would use this hotel again for both business and leisure.Thanks to all the staff!	
Apr 24 2008	Very good Location	After reading some of the reviews i was very worried about going to this hotel. We had planned a 4 night stay.When we arrived at the hotel it looked HUGH and very fancy reception. We arrived at 11, check in is not till 2 but there was no problem they checked us in straight away. we were in room 307. Myself and my fiance were a bit taken back by the room. It was small just enough room both sides of the bed. But just for sleeping in, its fine. The bathroom was a bit on the small side but it was grand. WARNING the room is very very stuffy did not sleep the first night the window only opens a little. the next moring i asked concerge for a fan and it was brought up straight away, it was the best idea kept it for the rest of the nights.The hotel is in a perfect location got the tube to everywhere. The lazy dog bar is nice and comfy, we did not eat in the chinese but it smelled nice :)Overall this hotel was nice but only if you are using it just to sleep in(dont forget to ask for the fan) oh and go see mama Mia it FABHope this helps:)	
Apr 19 2008 	Excellent Location	Booked this hotel as we were going to the theatre and we wanted somewhere pretty central..but diddnt want to pay too muchWe paid about 80 pounds a night which is quite reasonable as the hotel is located just off oxford street and about half a minute walk from tottenham court tube stationThe room was clean and it had everything we needed i.e tv, tea and coffee making facilitiesThe breakfast was excellent and you can just help yourself to whatever you wanted eggs,bacon,sausages ectWe had a drink in the bar which is located in the hotel and the prices were not bad (for london prices)We also had a meal in the chinese restaurant (also located in hotel) it wasnt bad and reasonably pricedThe concierge also looked after our bags (no extra cost)for the afternoon as we did not leave till eveningThe doorman was very pleasant too and could not do enough to help us with directions ectoverall we enjoyed our stay and i would stay here again	
Apr 14 2008	Ignore the poor comments........	My wife and I just spent a most enjoyable night in the St. Giles. We also were a little worried about some previous comments that were negative, but thought we would take a chance.......... I am glad that we were not put off, we had a De luxe Double, en-suite and were delighted with everything. We were able to check in just after 11.30 a.m. and found the rooms clean tidy and quite o.k. for a London theatre break.Staff friendly and the late night bar not too expensive compared to the pubs around the area.Well done St. Giles..... we would recomend to friends and also use again.	
Apr 10 2008	great hotel	my husband and i have just returned from a short break in london we booked through a travel agent to see joseph( which was fantastic) they recomended st giles at a good price so we took it. when i got home i checked the reviews and started to panic as they were not to good but we were pleasently surprised when we arrived ok the rooms are not overly spacious but hey you only need somewhere to sleep! they are very clean and the staff are very helpful we also had a meal in the hotel before the show which was delicous and very well priced. all in all our stay at the hotel was great, the location was fantastic everything in walking distance we would definately use this hotel again and would highly recomend it to all our friends!	
Apr 9 2008	Great stay great location	Only stayed one night at the St Giles, and it was great. The location is excellent, very central we were visiting the British Museum which was 5 minutes walk away.The reception/ Lobby was very impressive plenty of staff on hand to help, check in was very quick and efficient.we stayed on the 7th floor at the back, very quiet room was lovely, clean and comfy clean bed with crisp white sheets. The rooms and hotel were lovely and warm on an icy cold weekend in London. Tea and coffee making available. The bathroom was small but perfectly adequate, plenty of toiletries.Went in the Lazy dog bar for a nightcap after a walk round Covent Garden ( 15 mins walkaway, ) not bad for london prices, £2.50 for a small beer.Breakfast room was nice, but somewhat canteen looking, plenty of food available and a nice cup of tea/coffee. Plenty of food available hot and cold buffet, bacon egg, sausage etc juice cereal croissants, also continental ham and cheese, and plenty of fruit. My only complaints were the food was a bit on the warm side, not piping hot. Also no toast available ( petty I know but we Brits love a bit of toast with our breckie ) Also no teaspoons for coffee, and no small plates for croissants. This was not a major catastrophe LOL but little details make a difference.I would certainly stay here again and recommend it to all, we paid about £80 per night, ( though Newmarket Holidays, visiting for Terracotta Warriors and King Tutankhamun exhibitions ) which I thought fantastic value. I wish we could have stayed longer.	
Apr 7 2008 	dont be put off	My friend and i stayed here on 28/3/08,after reading the reviewson trip advisor,we thought oh well its only for one night.we were very pleasantly surprised,the staff were friendly,even on a busy friday night.The room,we were at the back on the first floor,was very nice,plenty of room,clean,not too noisy,except at 6am when the dustbin men came round.breakfast was fine and plenty of it .The location couldnt be better,when we got off the tubewe couldnt see it,because we were there already.We would definately stay there again.	
Apr 4 2008 	So glad I ignored the right ups before I left	I stayed at the hotel for 5 days with my wife. I wanted a hotel that was centrally located so that I could get around and have access to the YMCA pool facilities. The room was what I expected small clean and had it's own bathroom. I new from previous vacations to Europe the hotels are not fancy (not even the five stars) so was expecting the worse and hoping for the best. The staff was excellent, the breakfast was very good. I think the people who wrote the negative review were expecting way to much for under $200.00. Would use the hotel again.	
Apr 1 2008 	A Great Weekend	Well, Im just glad I didn't read these reviews like our friends did. They were dreading it..The Hotel in itself was very nice to arrive at. Bright clean and friendly. The room was clean, smelt nice and had just been decorated. Nice wood efect furniture. Athough slightly smaller than expected, it was cozy. Bathroom was ok although could of been slightly wider. The hot water was constant and never ran out. Tea and coffer in the room was good after a day out in the town. The Italian Restaurant served good food and very reasonable for London.. Breakfast was a good choice of both full Englich and Continental. You could have both if you wanted to and fresh fruit avaliable as well. We realy thought it was good for the price and location, So have a good time and stay there for your trip	
Mar 30 2008 	dont go there	as a central hotel it was ideal, within a short distance to good restaurants and the theatres,the hotel bar in the evening was lively and the bar staff were very helpful and friendly. As for the hotel , I wouldnt stay there again. The room was adequate for a 3* hotel but very small, the linen was clean but the room and bathroom was poky. A mistake was made ( by the hotel)with the booking for my daughter and her belongings were packed up and moved to the housekeeping department which was very embarrassing for my daughter, the minimum apology was given. I booked the hotel for the parking below the hotel,only to find after my stay to find my car with the window smashed.	
Mar 27 2008 	Not a Favorite	I was on the 12th floor and the elevator only went to the 11th. The lobby was nice and the concierge wonderful in helping book West End seats, but the breakfast was a bit cold and they continually ran out of room, the floors were stained, wet, and had an odor, my room had no heat and only 1 available outlet, and there was thumping club music playing at night all night long. I thought the windows were open, it was so loud and cold. There were leaks in the ceiling and buckets underneath and open electrical panels all over. Wouldn't return (but thanks to the concierge!).	
Mar 24 2008	better than expected	I was very surprised at what a good hotel this was. Others thought so as it was packed. The staff were friendly and efficient and there was lots of them. Best of all was a desk where they gave out maps and told you how to get anywhere. They were very patient. For a tourist from Canada this hotel fit the bill. It was close to the subway which is extremely easy to use,and a cab from St Pancreas only cost 8 pounds which is cheaper than the subway when there are 3 of you.We were there to go to the theatre and there was at least a dozen within easy walking distance.Although the room was a little small it was adequate. This is a large hotel but the lifts were well marked so you could not get lost.Breakfast was busy and we found going from 9.00 to 9.30 avoided long lines. Lots of food,If I do theatre again I would stay there given the location and the helpful and friendly staff.	
Mar 23 2008 	Location Location Location!	My husband recently surprised me with a trip to London for my 30th birthday. I was all excited until I logged on to tripadvisor to check out the St Giles Hotel which he had booked for our 2 night stay. Almost all of the reviews of this hotel were really negative &amp; I feared the worst. So just wanted to let people know our experience of the St Giles was mostly positive. Yes the room (&amp; the bed) were smaller than what we were used to and the bathroom was tinchy - but ITS RIGHT IN THE MIDDLE OF LONDON! What do you expect? Our room was small but perfectly formed &amp; had everything we needed as a base for our stay. It was perfectly clean too. The hotel is slap bang wallop in the middle of London city, all shops, restaurants, bars are at your door. Ten minute walk to the West End (we sawPhantom - outstanding). Somehow, our room was not noisy at night, in fact we had to leave the window open the first night as the room was too warm &amp; the noise from the street was perectly bearable. A lot of reviews complained of the breakfast set up which is &quot;canteen-like&quot; but it was grand. We estimated 300 people were eating breakfast at the same time as us. Its a buffet style breakfast room and we did have to queue a litte while but its well set up, well stocked &amp; there was a huge choice of food to cater to all nationalities. We went for the English breakfast route &amp; it was yum. there is also a nice bar attached to the hotel &amp; 2 restaurants, an Italian &amp; a Chinese, we didn't eat there but they looked good. On the negative, the pool was out of order when we were staying &amp; a lot of other reviewers complained of that too so it must be closed frequently. We prob wouldn't have gotten around to using it to be honest. And my main complaint would be the staff, perfectly efficient and plentiful but unfriendly, unwelcoming &amp; rude. Mind you, we found that with almost all Londoners we encounterd so its probably the same in all hotels. All in all, though its not the perfect hotel, we found it pretty perfect for an ideal location as a base in a busy city where really all you want is somewhere to store your shopping, get a good sleep, hot shower &amp; full belly before heading out again for more of the city's attractions.	
Mar 23 2008 	Fine - if you know what to expect	There are some shocking reviews of this hotel... but if you read-up beforehand, and know what to expect, its really just fine.We just wanted somewhere to sleep when exploring London during the Easter weekend.I found a rate on their website for £80... not bad when travellodge were quoting £120.The location is excellent, and the biggest strength. Literally 1 minute's walk to the permanently busy Tottenham Court Road tube.Check in was speedy and reasonably friendly - although it was about 9pm.The reception looks very nice, in marble, but the corridors could really use a re-fit. Creased carpets, scuffed walls and sofas in hallways that look quite scruffy.Bedrooms are adequitely sized... we had no problems with lack of space. They're not big by any means, but I've stayed in smaller rooms in central london before.The design of most guest rooms means there is only a very small window in the corner... feels a little gloomy, but the hotel can't really do much about the design.Cleanliness was OK - although there was dust in some corners, some nasty mould on the cieling above the window, and some traces in the shower. I could easily ignore it for a single night however.We ate in the chinese restaurant on-site... it looked quite new, and was nicely decorated. The food was great, and the hosts very polite and pleasant. A nice little bar immediately next to it, where we enjoyed a drink.Beds were cumfortable and we slept well. Was quite hot though, even thought it was snowing outside!Last time I stayed, breakfast was crowded and unpleasant - they just don't have the space to accommodate everyone. So - I took my friend to Tavistock square, about 5 mins walk away, where there's a wonderful cafe on the green itself. We had eggs and hot chocolate, and watched the squirrels jump around outside. Very pleasant, and also cheaper than the hotel! Nice old buildings around, like BMA house. Check out was speedy and efficient. The concierge stored our bags for free while we explored London more before travelling home.Myself and my friend quite enjoyed it - quite good value in a non-pretentious hotel, in a great location... just overlook some shortcomings and you'll be fine!	
Mar 21 2008 	Loved it	My partner and I were going to White City to the BBC TV Studios to watch a programme recording. I wanted overnight accommodation, that was cheap and near to the Central Line tube. This was the best I could find. £58 a night with breakfast - booked via Superbreak.Double room with shower. The room could have been bigger, had we stayed more than one night it might have been hard, but the room was adequate. Bathroom was small, but the shower worked and the selection of foods offered for breakfast, catered for every taste. There was cheese and ham, bacon and egg. Didn't see anywhere to make toast (visions of the queues for the toast machine in hotels abroad - always got Brits in the queues there), but there were rolls, croissants and cereals. Thought it was really good value and will be booking there again, via Superbreak. Our train fare from Swindon was £33 each return (part of the deal) as compared with £38.50 using my railcared.	
Mar 19 2008 	stayed 4 nights it was fine...	Myself and my husband decided to take a few days away in London. Booked the hotel on line for 4 nights Friday - Tuesday.The hotel was very central, close to the underground station. Check in was quick and easy, not much information given though, had to ask for basic information. We were dissappointed that breakfeast was not included in our rate, it was 9pounds per person extra for breakfeast, we found a pub about a 5-10 min walk away, The Camebridge, breakfeast worked out less than 10pounds for both of us and was lovely! so didn't bother with the hotel one. our room had a good view considering. The room was quite cold come evening time and noise was obvious, though it is city centre so can't help some noise. We were jaded each evening by the time we got back to the hotel so decided to get the pay per view as they had some movies we hadn't seen and not much on the TV, pay per view wouldn't work, rang reception and was told it would be checked and he would ring me back, no call to let me know either way. Same again the next night so we rang reception again, pay per view was fixed within minutes, payed for it to find that none of the movies that were advertised were on, the movies that were on were like very bad pirate videos from the 80's, sound etc was diabolical the only movies that came in clear was Porn! typical! The room was small but fine for what we needed, bathroom was tiny, cheap shower gel/shampoo - so bring your own! behind the bathroom door didn't seem to be cleaned behind properly, ledges in room were dusty but other than that rooms were clean enough, no tea spoons though!?. The porters were more than helpful, they were the only ones we had good contact with and were always very welcoming. We left our bags with them on our last morning and came back and collected them that afternoon which was very handy. had a drink and a snack in the chineese restaurant before leaving, the waiter seemed to be agitated that we hadn't ordered a 3 course meal! The prices were quite high in comparison to the rest of the area. check out was fine, male receptionist was quite nice, made good eye contact etc but obviously the lack of customer interaction lies with there standards of operation or the lack of.... it wasn't bad but not hotel standards considering our check in and check out were both at very quiet times with no other guests waiting. There was a YMCA leisure club with easy access from the lifts but didn't even get down to have a look around I'm afraid!	
Mar 19 2008	Poor Guest Service	Hotel is in a fantastic location and has great potential, i have been to this hotel about 3 times, every year in November as part of a group. It looks good when you first go in, the rooms are very small but what you would expect in a city centre hotel, they are clean and acceptable.Breakfast is just dreadful, its mass buffet style and of poor quaility, bacon is dry and fatty, its like a very bad motorway style, the breakfast staff all look so missrible and as if they dont want to be there, the staff i encountered were on the whole unhelpful, evasive and sometimes even rude. A word of advice would be to go to Macdonalds just over the road for breakfast, even though i generally hate Macdonalds, its much better. I will be going back again this year so its not that bad, its just a shame that a hotel with such potential is managed in such a way. Needs some Northern TLC and some staff that want to there, to many forign staff with little knoledge of English, communicating is difficult to say the least.	
Mar 19 2008 	In need of refurbishment	The hotel holds a great location just next to an underground station. Unfortunately the hotel standard is really bad even compared to London standard... The rooms were dirty, had cracked tiling in the bathroom and the room had a strange smell etc. We had booked a triple room (3 guys) and imagine our faces when we saw 2 beds (1 of the sixe 120 cm and the other was an extra bed of 90 cm). The hotel just said that this is the standard and they do not have any rooms with larger beds. After complaining for quite a while they finally found a room with a king size bed and a 90 cm bed (day 2 so the first night we had to share :-).The breakfast was ok (UK wise) and the staff is friendly.The hotels problem is not the &quot;software&quot; but it is the &quot;hardware&quot; that really needs an &quot;upgrade&quot;...	
Mar 10 2008	Don't bother	Booked over the internet several weeks ago, confirmation said non smoking room. On arrival waited ages to be booked in, went to room and straight away noticed stale smoke smell, although we thought someone had been smoking, when they shouldn't have. On leaving next morning noticed the &quot;Designated Smoking Room&quot; signs on all doors on the second floor. Asked at Reception and apparently even with the smoking ban they can designate rooms for smokers as long as they smoke in the bedrooms only. If I wanted a room that smelt like a dirty ashtray i would have asked for one.Queued 15 minutes to get into breakfast room and then had to chase staff for trays and cutlery, although the breakfast was quite adequate.Please ensure that if you go to this hotel and you are a non-smoker don't get a room on the second floor.	
Mar 10 2008 	Ok for a night	We stayed at the St Giles for one night for a trip to the theatre and after reading the reviews on here, I was worried!!We checked in with no problems, reception guy was polite and swift, no more no less. The lobby looks quite nice. We got the lift to our 6th floor room. The hallways are a bit tired but hey its only a hallway!The room was tiny. Just enough room each side of the bed to get in and out of the bed. If you had a suitcase or two, there would be no room to move at all. It was quite noisy, but not as bad as reviews have mentioned before, you are in central london!The bathroom was very very small. Just a square with a loo, a basin and a shower with a gap to get in it with a shower curtain that stuck to you when you showered - uugghh!Everything was clean, but it was a bit old and tired and smelled a bit fousty.It was ok for one night, no more!!!Breakfast was ok, nothing fantastic. Croissants, cerials, bread rolls, cheese, ham and a few cooked items. Juices, teas and coffees.The location was excellent for the Dominion Theatre for our show, and good for Oxford street etc.This hotel was just ok. But more like a hostel/cheap B&amp;B than a hotel.I wouldnt want to stay more than a night.	
Mar 10 2008 	Good Location But Everything No More Than Average	We stayed at the St Giles just for one night, and the location of the hotel is very good, so close to theatres, museums and shops. The room was disapointing, very tired, smelt smokey, and noisey at night, with what sounded like air conditioning units coming from on top of other buildings nearby. Breakfast was more like a canteen, tea &amp; coffee self service, and minimal cooked breakfast, not including mushrooms, fried bread, tomatoes or even fried eggs.  The carpark below the hotel was quite scary. Very narrow approach, lift out of order, and stairs dirty and smelly, with people actually sleeping on the stairs. Worth noting the hotel adjusts parking ticket to half price if you ask which is a help. We were glad we were not staying any longer.Note: Most drinks in the bar are served with loads of ice unless you state otherwise. This means the actual drink in glass is minimal!!We had a lovely meal at the Pizza Express in Coptic Street which is very near the hotel.	
Mar 9 2008 	Value for money	This hotel is quite basic, with rather small rooms. Good size bathroom though. I would surely recommend it to people who visit London and use their hotel only as a place to sleep and have breakfast in. The location is great: you are in central London, at the corner of Oxford Street and at a 10 minutes walk from Piccadilly Circus and Leicester Square. Underground station Tottenham Court Road (Central and Northeren Line) at a one minute walk. I think this hotel is great value for money.	
Mar 4 2008 	great location BUT	Arrived at a busy time for check in but plenty of check in staff on duty so it did not take too long. Concierge staff very helpful and brought our luggage to the room for us very quickly, BUT, thats as good as it gets. The room was very basic and the bathroom too. The whole place needs upgrading with the emphasis on the soundproofing of the bedroom windows. I know the hotel is situated just off the junction of Tottenham Court road/ Charing Cross road/ Oxford street and is very busy, BUT, the noise carried on during the night. Neither my wife nor i had a lot of sleep. Because we booked online breakfast was not included, i thought for the price we paid we would have got breakfast. We therefore checked out early and the concierge staff took our luggage until we came back later in the day to continue our journey.Overall ,quite disappointed with the standard of the hotel and i'm afraid we will be looking elsewhere for our next stay in London.	
Mar 2 2008	Great Value Great Location	I stayed at the St. Giles for seven nights in April of 2007 and although the room was very small, it was clean and the service was outstanding. Staff were polite and quick to attend to my needs. Concierge service was wonderful and the location cannot be better. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone who wants clean rooms, great location and friendly service.	
Feb 29 2008 	St. Giles was not so bad	Before going on my trip, I read some pretty bad reviews on the internet and prepared myself for the worst. My experience at St. Giles was not as bad as some of the reviews said. I stayed there for 3 nights in one room and then came back to London a few days later and stayed 1 night in a different room. It is true that one side of the hotel is nosier than another. The bathrooms were fine and the shower is relatively small, but I've been to hotels with smaller showers than that. The room was perfectly acceptable and was comfortable. Breakfast was pretty good, with hot food and a selection of cereals and fruit. I would stay there again. My only advice is, when you check in, you might have to tell them that you want a non-smoking room.	
Feb 29 2008 	Absolutely awful - less than YMCA standards! Noisy tiny lumpy beds - horrible!	Give this hotel a wide berth! What an absolute nightmare! Double bed pathetic size! Two average sized adults could not lie down straight! The triple &quot;bed&quot; was a 2' 6&quot; pull-out thing which my skinney 12 yr old son could hang his feet. The emergency vehicles fly past (full sirens) all night long......and couple with a fire alarm at 5am, we managed about 2 hours sleep which wrecked our time in London! Following a room change request, we got changed to another room which you could not &quot;swing a cat&quot; in!!! Breakfast was a 20 minute queue for a &quot;bun fight&quot; in what i can only describe as a canteen!!! No way was this deserving a 3* status.... an absolute joke for £125 per night. Please pay a little extra and manage some sleep!Ally	
Feb 28 2008	DONT GO THERE	Stayed at this hotel for a two night break. First room stank of stale smoke sheets stained and with pubic hairs on. We moved rooms but not much better. I have never been in a room so small. No main overhead light, only cheap ikea bedside lamps.Bathroom dirty and mould growing in shower, disgusting.Extractor fan did not work so everything steamed up.This hotel was not cheap, but to be honest I would not stay again even if the rooms were free.	
Feb 28 2008	birthday theatre break for daughter	It seems hard to believe some of the reviews i have just read about this hotel. My daughter and i stayed here for 2 nights 17th &amp; 18th February. the hotel was clean, and the staff very helpful. Room and bathroom not over large but perfectly adequate, considering the super location and price. Breakfast was fine cereals or [ cooked breakfast could have been better,] juice, mugs tea or coffee. Would have been nice to have some toast but the croissants made a nice change. As we weren't getting to breakfast until 9.30 so encountered no queues. Tables could have done with a wipe over. This is the second time i have stayed at this hotel and would stay and recomend it again. Very easy to get about very central almost on top of Leicester Square. Also has a swimming pool but we have never had time to try it out.	
Feb 27 2008 	avoid it if you are claustrophobic	Picked this hotel because it was reasonably cheap and close to Oxford Street. We were given a very tiny double room facing Tottenham Court Road and since we stayed over a weekend it was very noisy. The bathroom was so small it couldn't even accomodate 2 people at the same time. There was no wardrobe, but a few shelves over the headboard. A crib for my baby was put in the room, but we had to fold it to be able to move around.It was like a cubicle.breakfast was at the extra charge of £7 per person. We had it only once and it wasn't worth it.The hotel is huge and there are always loads of guests.I liked the gym and the swimming pool, but didn't have time to take advantage of them	
Feb 25 2008 	Disapointing	I decided to stay at the St Giles Hotel in London due to its fantastic location, however this was all that was fantastic about the hotel. When i first arrived i felt like i have just walked into a youth hostel due to the shere amout of teenagers staying at the hotel. this wouldnt usually bother me when staying at a hotel but the reason i was in London was for a University interview therefore i needed a good night sleep, which i just could not manage was the kids felt the need to press the lift button what seemed like all night long. once i have finally got through the night, i decided to have a shower in the 1 by 2 metre bathroom. As i needed to be at my interview for 10am i really needed everything to run smoothly, but the water in the shower didnt have hot water running untill i had left it running for 25mins.Then once i had had a shower i needed to dry my hair only to find that the hair dryer in the room didnt work and they didnt even think to provide a new one. (Something that i thought should automaticly me done when something like that isnt working, as i used to was as a cleaner in a hotel, this was somthing i had to check every day) NOT IMPRESSED! luckily my parents came with me so i could borrow the hair dryer in their room which was working thankfully. When i have finallt managed to get ready, i went down to breakfast, to find a massive queue to breackfast which was nothing more than just a canteen. the food wasnt bad but i must say i did expect better.If that wasnt enought, the next night i was there, the fire alarm went off 3 times during the night, the first time at 2am however it only lasted for about 2 mins so no one even left their room as there was no information given to any of the guests by any of the staff. then again at 6.30am the alarm went off for 45 mins. only then did people think to leave thier rooms and head down the fire escapes. Once i had got to the fire assembly point outside the building, all the alrms had stopped. my dad then went to reception to find out if it was safe for us to go back into the building but the staff just looked at him as if he had 2 heads. i this point things had just got beyond a joke and none of the gues knew what to do. at 7.30 i finally got back to my room and back to sleep only to be woken up again by the alarm at 8.00. As we had been told nothing previously not one guest took the alarm seriously, which could have been extreemly dangerous if there was a fire.overall i just couldnt wait to leave, the only good thing i have to say about the hotel would be that the concerge couldnt have been more helpful. he was actually the only member of staff that gave any of the customer the time of day.DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL!!	
Feb 24 2008 	Never again...	I was booked into this hotel for a meeting so I had no prior knowledge of what to expect.Due to flight delays I booked in during the early hours of the morning. I had phoned ahead twice to warn them of my late arrival however they had no knowledge of this when I arrived. I was booked in quickly however on arriving in my room it was tiny, very cold and stank of stale smoke. I phoned reception to ask to be moved but was informed that there were no other rooms as I had arrived too late to be accomodated elsewhere.Even at 2am the noise from outside was terrible. Groups of young people shouting and screaming at each other that carried on until after 4am, sirens and general noise from the streets that made it impossible to sleep well. The room was so cold that I had to sleep fully clothed with towels and spare sheets on top of the bed covers.As I had a meeting the following morning at 10 I went for breakfast at 08.30. Queue' s werent too bad when I arrived with about a 10 minute wait for a table however the dining room itself was reminiscent of a school dinner hall, total chaos. Breakfast consisted of tinned fruit and lukewarm, poor quality items. On leaving the queue was very long, approx 50-60 people so go as early as you can.A colleague also in the same hotel had the misfortune of having to use the underground car park. Only access to the hotel was by several flights of stairs which is not easy with a suitcase. These stairwells also served as a gathering place for groups of teenagers who refused to move and were generally intimidating, not a safe place for a lone female traveller at all.Even if its only for 1 night I would seriously recommend you go elsewhere.	
Feb 23 2008 	Give it a miss!	For the price it's alright. As far as location goes - fab - but that's all this place really has going for it. I'm sure there are other centrally located hotels that are nicer!Rooms are small and cramped, just enough room in the bathroom to step in and out, poor lighting in the shower and the taps on the sink in our room had a mind of their own with it taking a few minutes jiggling to turn them off!Lifts to the rooms very temperamental, on more than one occassion only 1/4 working. Staff helpful but disinterested. Unable to get snack in the bar, it seems you can only have proper meals.Best bit though is breakfast. I have never seen such a queue for breakfast anywhere, ever! There were around 50-60 people waiting in front of us and a good 20 minutes later when you see the dining area it's like a school canteen! It's not so much individual tables as benches really, then you have to queue again for hot food which consisted of bacon, sausage, scrambled egg, beans and hash brown - no toast even! After all that effort it's really not worth it! If you are staying for location - eat out!!Only stayed 1 night so not too bad, but if I was staying in the city longer would have been very disappointed.	
Feb 22 2008	Convenient and practical	The St Giles Hotel is convenient for theatre land, the sights, the tube and is off Tottenham Court Road. We have just stayed two nights there and found the hotel perfectly acceptable. After reading reviews on this site I was expecting a very small room, but ours was fine with space to move around. The bathroom was spacious and had a good shower. The room &amp; bathroom were both clean and well presented. The window did only open about 4 inches (for safety reasons I presume as we were on the 7th floor), but we had a good view down Tottenham Court Road and could just make out Big Ben and the London Eye which we liked. The road was noisy because it is in the centre of London!Stangely the room was quite dark with only lamps either side of the bed and on the 'dressing table' area; no central light. Our check in was quick and checkout quicker! There were queues for the lifts at peak times, but we used the stairs if we didn't want to wait.We didn't eat breakfast in the hotel as there are so many nice coffee shops/cafes in the area to try! One morning we had cake and coffee in Covent Garden which was lovely.An added bonus was the Gym/Swimming Pool. This is under the hotel and owned by the YMCA. Hotel guests can use the facilities for a small fee - we swam both mornings - a refreshing way to start the day!I don't like to recommend things to other people as we all have different ideas of what is good/suitable. All I can say is that we would stay there again. It had all we wanted and was good value for money.	
Feb 21 2008	Noisy small rooms no temperature control hotelling on a mass scale	Was sent here on a business trip, so had no idea what to expect.Positives:- Location - right by the junction of Tottenham Court Rd &amp; Oxford St - great- My view - included the Houses of Parliament and the London Eye. That's a pretty good view.Negatives:- Rooms were small - a bit like student halls of residence if you've ever been in one of them- Everything in the room pretty basic and worn- Noisy - everyone walking along the corridor can be heard very clearly, and the rooms are cheek-by-jowl- Temperature - my room had neither air conditioning nor heating control, and as a result was much too hot during the night- Breakfast - as other reviewers note, this is chaos. School canteen is a good analogy. Crazy madness, particularly if you're not primed. To be avoided and not paid for if you can do that.- Lifts - not all in action, and this is a BIG hotel. Loads of floors, loads of rooms = long waits and full lifts.Mostly, one isn't in London to mooch about the hotel, and the location is great. At the right price (and with ear plugs and appropriate clothing) it could be alright. I couldn't recommend it though.	
Feb 20 2008	Bad Choice	I booked this hotel for a weekend get away for me and my boyfriend, we were both disgusted with the service and state of the hotel!! We were fooled into thinking it would be a nice hotel by the marble reception area, do not let this trick you! We then stood in the que for about 15 minutes, once we entered our room we found it hard to move 2 of us and 2 suitcases was just too much! We then took a shower to find the shower head was broken along with the toilet seat!! We complained and were told it was to be fixed when we returned from our night out...it wasnt, so then we complained again and got upgraded (apparently) this room was suppoesed to be supierior to the once previous only it was smaller and stunk of smoke we then complained again just to be moved to another average size room, the staff were rude and not interested in helping. The only good point i would have to say is there is a good selection at breakfast and the location is good!! **I would NOT reccomend this hotel to anyone!!!**	
Feb 18 2008 	Great location	The location makes this hotel unique choice for those who want to be within walking distance of downtown London. We booked through the hotel website a &quot;deluxe double&quot; room meaning a double room with an additional seating area, which was in fact an extra room with a desk, small wardrobe, couch and space to leave the luggage. I highly recommend booking this type of room, as the price (~20 pounds) is well worth the upgrade. The room was clean and airy, although the lobby and corridors, especially downstairs, had an unpleasant smell. The four lifts are not adequate during busy hours as the hotel has some 700 rooms. We never had breakfast there, as there are plenty of excellent choices all around, from Sainsbury's opposite to Pret a Manger and Soho's Fernandez &amp; Wells and thousands others. Within 5 minutes you can be practically anywhere in central London.	
Feb 18 2008	Hated It	where do I start? My sister &amp; I were sent away for a relaxing weekend &amp; this hotel was hell on earth. We were told we could check in at 2pm, yet when we got there the rude man on reception said we couldn't check in yet &amp; he didn't know when we would be able to, so we were sent away! Now I wish we'd never been able to check it ever, because it went downhill from there. We returned at 8:30pm &amp; were allowed in our room. It was filthy. There was thick mould along the shower grouting, the extractor no longer worked as the dust within it was so thick. There was goodness knows what splattered up the bedroom walls, dead bugs that had been squashed and left. The window was tiny &amp; the room therefore very stuffy and the noise at night was terrible. the following morning we went down to breakfast at 9am. The queue was so long, I have never seen anything like it! There were between 40-50 people in front of us &amp; when we did get to the dining area is was a huge disappointment. Chaos is the best way to describe it. It was like a school canteen in design &amp; staff seemed to be dashing about everywhere trying to keep up with everything. Drinks were all out of machines, so no fresh juice or tea/coffee. Also we had to have squash in a mug because there were no glasses left. Fruit was all tinned and there was no toast or cereal. I could go on for hours, but will leave this review before I get too angry.	
Feb 15 2008 	Absolutely fine!!	Booked this hotel through Superbreaks combined with a theatre trip. When checking trip advisor after booking the hotel wondered if I had made a mistake as the reviews were not good. When we arrived the hotel was close to all amenities and the entrance very nice. Had to wait a while to check in, obviously managed to hit the busiest time of day and they maybe could have done with a few more staff on. Room was clean, reasonable size with a window. Breakfast was clean and plenty of it, there was a queue for a table but this went down very quickly. Overall was very pleased with my visit and would gladly have stayed longer, would definitely consider booking if I visit London again.	
Feb 15 2008 	avoid this hotel	I booked this hotel for a two night stay to celebrate my husbands birthday. I booked through airmiles.The hotel is a cheap budget hotel in an excellent location. We were lucky when we checked in as there were only two reception staff and I only waited 5 minutes. The queue that formed after us was very long.We were given a room on the 11th floor- having read reviews on here, i thought this would be less noisy . The room was very small- the bed was 4ft- not a double. The bathroom was very small but all was clean and well equipped. There was a safety deposit box in the room.I have two main issues with this hotel.The breakfast which was included in the price was awful. we queued to get in then we queued to get our breakfast. It was like a revolting canteen. The tables were dirty and it was chaos. I have never been to prison- but I think this was what I would expect. No toast/pastries/cakes/fresh fruit. Soggy croisants/frozen stale rolls. The bacon was covered in disgusting white deposits and the egg had seen better days. But the worse thing was the queues- 15minutes to get to the food.Then a good hunt for a table We couldnt face it the next day.The second issue was building work and the staff's attitude.If work needs to be done thats fair enough but customers need to be housed away from it and warnd- there was none.We didnt go to spend much time in the hotel- just as well. When we returned with one hour to change and dress for an early night out we were greeted to the most dreadful noise from building directly above our room. No human could have stood the noise. Reception took 5 minutes to answer and just said we could move rooms- not very helpful when you are on a mission to get ready and go out!!If I had known there was building work I could have stayed elsewhere and there is no way anyone should have been put in those rooms- sheer exploitation. They have agreed to refund some of my money and I have spoken to Airmiles to advise them of this experience.The size of the rooms was not a problem and the location was great but the customer service and breakfast were awful-the worst we have ever encountered. There are plenty of similarly priced hotels nearby.	
Feb 10 2008	a weekend break	stayed for one night in a triple room at st giles. great room, fab location, good value for money. can't fault the room - free safe, hair dryer, tea/coffee facilities, hot water in adequate shower room. breakfast (went down at 10.30am) good, got a table easily and good choice of food. lazy dog bar adjoining hotel was lively and a great finish to a good day sightseeing and visiting the theatre. would i stay here again? absolutely!	
Feb 8 2008 	Discusting service..........the worst hotel I have ever stayed at!	I stayed in this hotel for three nights whilst on a business trip in the city in February 2008 and would advise anyone to avoid this hotel at all costs. I arrived at the hotel to check in at 6:00pm only to be faced with about 10-15 marble steps to be able to get to the lobby area. At 6 months pregnant and armed with a heavy suitcase this was not ideal. I went across to the concierge desk which is located next to the stairs and requested a member of staff to help me carry my case upstairs. He looked at me like I was making a completely unrealistic request and expected a tip for the privaledge. He didn't speak a word to me and literally chucked my case at me when I reached the top. I was then faced with the biggest queue to check in that I have ever seen. I queued for over 30 minutes which was very uncomfortable only to reach the reception and be told that my reservation had been cancelled. I assured them that it had not and they told me that I needed to speak to reservations which was not located within the hotel. I had no choice but to leave the reception area whilst it was sorted out. I then had to wait a further 45 minutes whilst my work telephoned the reservations desk (which was constantly engaged). During this time the only seating area was up another load of stairs and the toilets up a further set. I was heavily pregnant, thirsty, exhausted and needed the toilet. I asked the desk if there was a lift to take me to the seating area as I had nowhere to leave my case and I was told no, I would have to take the stairs. As i couldn't lift my back, I then had to stand in the crowded lobby area for the 45 minutes which eventually resulted in me collapsing on the marble floor. Instead of the staff checking to see if I was OK they just stepped over me. I made a complaint when I paid and the man gave me a very pathetic apology and laughed the whole way through it, I was discusted and was offered no form of compensation for putting both the health of me and my baby at risk.My room was finally sorted out and I went up only to find that although I had booked a double room with a bath I was given a very pokey small twin room with a shower. The beds were on wheels and everytime I rolled over in the night the bed rolled away. I spent the whole night afraid that I was going to fall out. The bathroom was so small there was barely room to turn around. I must have had about an inch between my bump and the shower entrance, which was very uncomfortable. The room was also like a sauna when I walked in and the heating was turned off. I opened the window but as it only opened a small amount the room remained constantly hot, which in February was very strange and uncomfortable.The breakfast was absolutely discusting and if your offered the choice, I would go out and eat. If you try to go between 8 and 9 the queue is huge and you have to wait until there is a free table. The resteraunt is set out like a greasy spoon cafe, and the cooked breakfast consists of sausages, bacon, scrambled eggs, hash browns and baked beans. It's lukewarm and tastes like plastic. The eggs weren't cooked properly, the bacon was covered in fat and the sausages were tiny, you'd need to look really carefully to see the meat. The fruit was all tinned and they had no toast available, it was all self service including the tea served in mugs and the juice from a machine. I had apple juice which claimed was pure juice, only to find that it had been watered down...YUK, I actually felt physically sick after eating here.When I returned home I realised that the hotel had taken two payments from my card, in the region of hundreds of punds, one which was for payment of my room and another which I had no idea about. The two amounts were different and I did not authorise it or sign for it. I telephoned the hotel as soon as I noticed the error and was told that only one payment was made and that I would have to wait until the Monday morning, (two days) before they could look into it. This is still being looked into, but if you want to stay at a hotel which has absolutely no customer service, horrible rooms, discusting food and who steals money from you then this is defiantly the place to be.I will defiantly not be staying here again.	
Feb 6 2008 	Great location but wouldn't class as a 3*	We stayed at the St Giles for one night and kept telling ourselves just that, it's only for one night but really I wish we'd booked somewhere else and payed extra.The location was great almost next door to the underground station. Unfortunately this is where the greatness ended.The room was quite possibly the smallest hotel room we have ever seen!! The bed was also extremely small - meant to be a double but was more like a biggish single! It was very uncomfortable too. When we got into the room there was a large radiator turned on full blast, we went to open the window only to find it only opened approx 4 inches. There was alot of noise from outside as we were at the front of the hotel, but even so the room stayed very warm and stuffy so we had to sleep (well try) with the window open. Breakfast was just (only just) edible. The bacon was thick with fat, sausages were vile and thats the only thing I could face so we checked out and went for food elsewhere.My advice book elsewhere because even if your only using it as a place to lay your head you'll be very disappointed.	
Feb 6 2008 	Great location!!!	This is Londons biggest hotel and it has a great location, just some steps away from Oxford Street. We stayed in this hotel four nights in June 2005. The Hotel had som problems...-The room was small, and also the bathroom. -It wasn't so clean, the bathroom was dirty in some places. -And it smelled very unfresh in the room and it was a big fan outside our window that was making noise in the night - It sounded like a big truck ...!-That's not all, the room had no Air Condition, so we had the window open because it was too warm. When we had the window open we heard the large fan all the night, it did that we didn't sleep so good in the nights...The good things were: -The Breakfast, it was a lot to choose from and it was tasty!-Great Location, at Oxford Street.-Not to expensive!!!Despite the negative things I would stay at this hotel again, but only for the great location and the breakfast.	
Feb 6 2008 	Great Location	This hotel is in a brilliant location. We paid £90 for a double room which was a special offer -I probably wouldnt have been happy with the quality of the room if Id paid any more as it was fairly basic but for what we wanted -proximity to Oxford Street, theatres etc it was perfect.The reception staff seemed very nice and we were able to check into our room when we arrived at 10am which was brilliant.Great option for budget travel in London.	
Feb 1 2008 	OK hotel to a OK price	I know it's almost a year ago, and things could have changed since then (or we were very lucky), but I thought I should write the review anyway.When I first saw this site, which was today, I thought I should search up the hotels I've stayed in. The first thing that shocked me, was all the negative comments and rewives on this hotel and I thought this cant be the same hotel I lived in... (Well, I just saw some pictures from the worlds worst hotels, and compared to them this is a luxoury hotel...haha)For the price it's an ok hotel, you get almost what you pay for, there are some minor problems, like the breakfast.We got a warm welcome when I walked in, the stab was smileing and offerd to take our bags up the stairs and etc. The Lady behind the counter was nice (and spoke perfect english, as the others we talked to working there)and the man in the information/tourist counter was really nice and helpful too.The service was great.(We were 3 friends, sharing one dubble room with an extra bed)The room was ok, not modern, but not the 50's motel-room look eighter. Smelled cleand and nice, it looked nice and clean aswell. (Which is REALLY important to me)The size was ok, it was plenty of room for ourself and our stuff. The bathroom was also clean and nice, but could been a little bit bigger, though.If you have problems with your back or have problems sleeping, you should be prepared.. because the bed's are quite hard, the dubble bed could also been a bit bigger, but I wasn't a huge problem.However ther's one thing I really disliked, out side the rooms in the hallways, there were some places you were aloud to smoke, inside...! Which is terrible for the guests and the staff who works there. I don't know if that's changed, but I hope so...The breakfast was also terrible, not any avalibale seats at the begining, it was over crowded and a chaos with people in the breakfast area. The food wasn't any good, but I have to mention that I don't like any hotel foods (And I've been to alot of hotels..)The location was GREAT we could walk to everything: the shooping streets, both expencive and cheap, museums,theatres, guided tours etc. A really central location!But I have to say it was hard to find any decent place to eat, if you wanted to eat in a resturant and not a pizza or burger place, you had to look for a while...I have a friend who recently stayed on this hotel (november or december 2007), and they thought it was ok, too.If you aren't planing to stay in your hotel room all day and want a cheap hotel in a good location, then this hotel is ok.	
Jan 30 2008 	Excellent Surprise	After reading reviews on trip advisor i was dreading arriving at the St Giles Hotel. Upon arrival we were pleasantly surprised. The reception staff were very helpful. The rooms we were allocated were clean, smelt clean and regardless of what others have said about the size of the rooms, all of our rooms were of adequate size/roomy.The overall stay we were completely happy with. We booked our room and breakfast was included. The dining area was a very large area to cater for the number of rooms and was what you would expect for a three star hotel of it's kind, if not better!The location of the hotel was ideal for the theatres. In fact it is a stone throw away from the nearest tube station so getting anywhere in London would not really be an issue.	
Jan 29 2008	Surprised by the negativity	I must say I'm surprised that someone has complained about the size of the shower cubicle. I weigh 16.5 stones and it accommodated me perfectly well.Location couldn't be bettered. Yes noisy, especially the Astoria but what do you expect on a Friday night on the fringe of the West End?Check-in was a breeze despite lengthy queues when we first arrived.I take the comment about the size of the bed, although my partner and I slept pretty well and didn't keep bumping into each other. Pillows could have done with being a bit bigger, mind.Maids were conspicuous by their absence from our room, which we left at 8.30 for a perfectly adequate breakfast. Only had to queue for 5 minutes( the advice is to get down no later than 8.30, if you read the info sheets in the room ) Could have really pigged out on a plentiful supply of cereals, fresh meat, cheeses, fresh fruit and the customary Full English.I would certainly stay there again but would perhaps prefer a room at the back of the hotel, which looked appreciably less noisy.	
Jan 25 2008	There's better out there!	This is quite simply the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. Okay, so it's central and the price is reasonable, that doesn't mean they can get it away with mouldy showers, smelly bathrooms, cold rooms, tiny beds and decoration that was unfashionable in the Eighties...! Even the bar, which on the surface looks quite hip, was a disappointment - I have never seen so many laminated cards telling you what you can do, what you can't do, beautifully finished off by the tatty, blu-tacked beer advert - the only decoration I could see... On top of that, the street noise and that from other guests was unbearable. Best avoided.	
Jan 22 2008	Better than expected	After reading some very varied reviews we were pleasantly surprised. As most reviewers agree the central location of this hotel is excellent; we were able to walk to all the locations we wanted to visit. Staff were polite and helpful and accommodation was clean and tidy. Yes there was some traffic noise but that is inevitable. A good selection of food was available for breakfast in a capacious but basic cafeteria style room. We would certainly use this hotel again and consider it good value for what we paid on an indirect internet booking.	
Jan 19 2008 	Worse Than Terrible *AVOID*	It was with some aprehension that I booked a 1 night stay in a triple room at the St Giles. I always check out the reviews on trip adviosr prior to commiting to a booking.The St Giles had mixed reviews, but due to it;s excellant location I took a chance....... Big Mistake!Check in was ok, given the key to our room at 1.30 and on first inspection the room seemed ok. The triple room consisted of thesmallest double bed I have ever seen (a large single is a more acurate description) and a single pull down (hide away) bed. In all seriousness if you are larger than small build, the double bed would NOT be wide enough for 2 people.There was a charming view from our room of the london eye and a building site with huge (noisy) crane, of course this is'nt the hotels fault.The bathroom is a subitable size for a hobbit.!... the shower cubical is so small that the shower curtain sticks to you throughout your shower, regardeless of the position you stand in.Upon returning from our evening out, i realised that the &quot;Pull down&quot; bed did'nt have any pillows, I rang reception and was assured pillows would be bought up immediatly..... 40 mins later my pillows arrived.There is more road noise (Tottenham Court Rd) than I had expected, however sellted into a resfull nights sleep..... Only to be abruplty woken at 8.00 by the miad entering our room. I attempted to go back to sleep only for her to return 20 mins later and enter the room again. I can only assume that she expected us to be up, dressed, packed and ready to leave in 20 minutes. I attempted to address this with the maid, who spoke vertualy no English howver mutted something about the &quot; Do NoT DisTurB&quot; sign. There was NO sign in the room.I promptly got dressed, and headed down to reception to complain. The Receptionist who spoke in very broken and only basic english explained that it's a compnay policy to enter rooms if a Do nOT Disturb sign is not dispalyed??? I clarified that the compnay train housekeeping staff to enter customers rooms 3 hours prior to checkout out time, if the sign is not displayed. This was comfirmed by the receptionist!To add insult to injury, after being woken an hour earlier than we planned for our relaxing weekend away, we haeded down to breaksfst. We waited 20 mins in a que outside the resturant to be seated at a dirty table (we cleared the dishes ourselfs) and stood for a futher 10 mins in a que for the breakfast hot plate!The breakfast is possibly the WORST i have ever tasted, luke warm and basic to say the least. I picked up a Crossiant as i pused the hot breakfast aside, howveer this was rock solid and 100% stale.We left the St giles immediatly after breakfast and returned our cases to the NCP car park located under the hotel. We discoveerd that 2 vehicles parked next to ours had been broken into, with the drivers window smashed and completly ransacked. Our car was undamaged but this is NOT a secure car park. we were also advised by the hotel thet our parking cost would be £15. We infact paid £27.The customer service at this hotel is TERRIBLE. all the poor reviews are justified, i can unfortunaly vouch for this.If you are in two minds and thinking you will take a chance on this hotel as the location is good DON'T. Book into The Bonnington (5 mins away on foot) Much nicer, better service and decent breakfast.The St Giles is in desperate need of renovation, All Staff need retraining and policys need to be reviwed.AVIOD THIS HOTEL... Staying here is likely to spoil your stay in our wonderful capital city.	
Jan 18 2008 	Great location great value	LOCATION- Great location just off oxford street and 2mins walk to tottenham court road tube station. we would stay here again due to locationROOM- we booked a standard double got a room on 7th floor all fixturres &amp; fittings were v.modern, the room itself i think was a triple room as there was a tiny room just big enough for the bed then like an annexe which had a fold away bed, dressingtable and wardrobe we used this as a dressing area and kept our luggage here so we had plenty of space. there was a hairdyer, kettle tea hot chocolate etc and plenty of little toiletries shower cap in bathroom the only bad things were i think the bed was not a full double it seemed to be like one of those single and a half bed like in between a single and a double as me and myboyfriend are slim and we were squashed up a bit. But i suppose yu are not in your bed for long in London! Also it was just a shower room not a bath and it was teeny like showering in a cupboard but all fistures and fittings were v modern like nice silver showerhead with chest height and overhead attachments.BREAKFAST- we gor full english included in the price so was great value you have to take a tray and queue up in morning but great selection ie yoghurt, fruit,kellogs cereals, bacon ,eggs, croissants tea juices so cant comlplain here at all. :-]CONCIERGE- they were very helpful with directions luggage staorage etc. CHECK IN - we arrived at 10am expecting to have to store our luggage until check in time at 2pm but were pleasantly surprised thAT our room was ready so we could go up ,store our luggage and freshen up before sightseeing.the bar and restaraunt are nice and overall the hotel is busy, modern and well staffed and very clean. Ok the rooms/bathrooms are small but the whole package is great value if you include the breakfast and location. 4 out of 5.	
Jan 17 2008	Not Very Friendly At All..	We arrived at the hotel. Everything looked lovely on arrival until we got to the reception desk. they were not in the least friendly.They asked for payment in full for the duration of our stay even though we had not yet got to our rooms or had a chance to check out the facilities. We had already secured the booking with our credit cards so they had that. The Rooms were so small and as for the bathrooms they were tiny.. The Food was the best part of all. They had 4 lifts to the bedrooms but they were constantly breaking down so we had to use the stairs alot and that was not appropriate as we were on the 8th floor.. We booked a late check out on the Sunday morning and payed extra for doing so which was fine but when we went to check out they had no record of our payment. They put our credit card through for the full amount of the room for the weekend without our permission after us telling them four times we were only securing the booking with the card and paying cash on check out. We had a luvly time in London but this hassle really upset us. We would not recommend this hotel to anyone after all this trouble.	
Jan 16 2008 	Beware of using internet booking for this hotel	Location is the best thing about this hotel. Very convenient for the tube &amp; bus network.BUT - beware... I booked on the internet and presented a prepaid hotel voucher at check-in only to find that the hotel had no record of my booking (made some 10 days previously).A room was found for me (had the hotel been full I don't much fancy the prospect of wandering around central london late at night seeking an alternative, so I guess I was lucky), but the hotel required me to leave in imprint of my credit card in case they were unable to recover my payment from the agent. I object to this since the hotel was passing the entire risk from themselves to me, despite the fact that it is the hotel that sets up arrangements with internet booking agents and has information that I do not have access to about how these agencies have performed in the past.Subsequently (and very quickly the next morning) the agency I booked through was in touch to let me know the &quot;problem &quot; had been sorted out... and to lay the blame firmly with the hotel. The agent also told me he had complained to the hotel in writing and would send me a copy of any response... so far there has been none. I left my mobile no. with the hotel staff and asked that the manager phone me to explain the situation. I also asked for the manager's email address and sent an email immediately on reaching my room setting out my concerns and asking for an explanation.So far I have not received an explanation from the hotel, or an apology... I was given an incorrect email address for the manager by the night manager, and did not receive a follow-up phone call from the manager either. On my return home I telephoned the hotel, spoke to the manager and discovered the problem with the email address. She is now &quot;looking into my concerns&quot; and assured me she would phone or email me within 24 hours.My major concern is that the night manager revealed that my experience (showing up with pre-paid voucher that the hotel cannot find any record of) is a frequent occurence - even that it happens daily... she was unphased when she told me this, saying that it is to be expected in a 700 room hotel. I asked whether the hotel had considered ceasing to deal with agencies that they see as responsible for causing both the hotel and guests these problems. I was told this was not her responsibility, although she claimed she did pass on information on the problems to her superiors. Clearly, if the hotel is correct that the problems are caused by booking agents, the hotel has an informational advantage on which agents are trustworthy and which should be avoided. If the agent is telling the truth, the hotel is certainly at fault.If the hotel is telling the truth then the hotel is still at the very least being negligent in not assisting guests by warning them off unreliable agents (or dumping these agents).Either way - my advice is to avoid this hotel. If you still want to risk it, minimise your risks by booking through the hotel's web site rather than any third party.The hotel itself is ok... rooms are small, bed linen is clean... the sink was cracked in my room and the carpets could do with a deep clean. The sound proofing was pretty poor (several people in ajoining rooms were making a racket at 1am). The cost, relative to many better hotels in London, reflects this... but cannot compensate for the hassle I experienced. I certainly won't be returning.	
Jan 14 2008	Very helpful	I was dreading my stay at the St Giles hotel after reading some of the other reviews posted but on arrival I was pleasently surprised. The hotel was very clean although there was a slight smell coming from the swimming pool. All the staff I spoke to were very helpful. We booked a double room, it was very small but this wasnt a problem ,as we didnt spend much time in it. The only problem that we encountered was breakfast - it wasnt very organized. The food was ok, there was lots of choice, but you had to fight for a table, there just wasnt enough of them to go around. The location of the hotel was ideal, its only a 5 minute walk to theatres, soho, chinatown. Oxford St was just across the road. We would stay here again, it was good value for money.	
Jan 11 2008 	Good location	The positives:The location is perfect: near the British Museum, and very near a tube stop. I paid £255 for three nights. The room has tea and coffee making facilities which is essential for dehydrated travellers.The negatives:There were four lifts to take me from reception to my room on the third floor. In general, only one was working. The card-key I was given as my room key was in very bad condition: it was split and buckled. The bed sheets smelled clean, but had some stains. On the last night I found an insect was sharing the bed with me. I made a collect call, for which they charged me £1.50Despite these adverse facts, I would stay there again, as it was good value for a hotel in such a good location.	
Jan 10 2008 	nice hotel	nice hotel,very clean,good breakfast,good location for shopping,shows etc.staff helpful.	
Jan 6 2008 	Hideous!	My company booked me into the St. Giles for one night as I had a couple of days in London (including a Christmas do!!). At short notice we could only get a Exec twin including breakfast for £130.When I checked in at 3.30pm there was huge queue at check in which was made up of what appeared to be affluent tourists, young couples and a lot of eldery people.When I entually got to my room it was really hot. There was no AC just a radiator and a window. I switched off the radiator and opened the window which resulted in a stench of chinese cooking coming into the room - so I closed it and quickly got ready to go out.It is not possible to have an iron and board sent up to your room instead you have to use the communal ironing room.The room itself was small but lookingon the fire plans on the wall I had one of the bigger rooms and you couldn't swing a mouse in there let alone a cat!The beds were old, saggy and had blankets rather than quilts.The TV was a 14&quot; portable on the wall with a remote control that didn't work.The bathroom was tiny, brown and whilst clean had a horrible feel to it.Breakfast - More like a school canteen affair with food layed out all over the place with no organisation, hard tables and chairs, lino flooring and a dimly lit series of rooms. People just grabbed trays and then bundled in to get what they wanted there was organisation or structure to the layout. The quality of the food was very poor and bland tasting. Again the area was very wam.Upon leaving the breakfast aea as quickly as I could I then went and queued again to check out.My over riding thoughts of this hotel were summed up as I was at breakfast. I felt embarased to be english in an english hotel that tourists and pensioners had saved up to visit a great city at Christmas and then end up in a disgusting rip off of a hotel.One of if not the worst I have ever stayed in!	
Jan 3 2008 	Good value	Very easy to find the hotel, right next to the tube station, great location for exploring London. Lobby is very big, looks very fancy, 24 hour concierge were very helpful, went out of their way to help us as much as they could. The restaurant downstairs is very nice also, was not very busy and the food was very good and reasonably priced, i reccomend the lemon/vodka ice cream for dessert.The room was nice also, great view of the bt tower, comfortable bed, plenty of storage space, bathroom was nothing out of the ordinary, nothing to write home about but nothing to complain about either.If you don't want to eat in the hotel, there are loads of restaurants nearby, there's even a subway, a burger king and a sainsburys right across the road if you don't fancy spending loads of money on a meal.The only problems i would have with this hotel are as follows :The gym/pool is charged extra to the room and was a bit crowded.The guy who checked us in was a trainee and didn't seem to know anything about the hotel or the surrounding area.The restaurants around have good food but are very expensive.	
Jan 3 2008 	new year in london	Hotel room basic little clothes space , rooms could do with updating. our bedside cabinet was on a major lean.Staff were quick to deal with problems though, when we found an english speaking one. Breakfast very poor on new years day only scrambled egg sausage and bacon not even any toast. Bit like being in a noisy canteen. Struggled to find clean empty tables. Its a good job its included in price, you wouldn't pay for it. On a positive note the hotel is very central and great for underground. Plenty of shops outside so can pick up essentials.	
Dec 29 2007 	Room so bad checked straight back out	Smallest room I have ever seen, The whole hotel has a very clostrophobic feel. All the coridors and rooms had a funny smell. I was meant to be staying there for a special birthday. We paid £130 for the night but decided not to stay and to go home. Worst Hotel I have everl seen anywhere.	
Dec 27 2007 	OK but dont ask for anything at the reception/concierge	I stayed at the St. Giles for a week, sunday to friday included, checking out Sat early morning. First 5 nights booked via a travel agent used by my company (it was a business trip) last night, due to flight cancelled, reserved at the front desk. Well actually they do not tell you whether there are rooms available at the reception, they direct you to a white phone 5 meters away, you need to call reservation, they will book a room for you, then you go back to reception.Hotel is basic, I stayed in a twin room, nothing too fancy but OK, TV with standard channels and then PAY-TV. Bathroom ok, in first room the sink had difficulties to drain the water.Staff at front desk was OK althought the last night I asked for a wake up call at 5am for my early flight i was never called, fortunately I had my mobile alarm set. Considering how important that wake up call was I consider this a big fault on their side, I even saw the front desk guide write down my request in a regstration book, the same guy who did the night shift and was supposed to wake me up.Concierge organized a car to bring me to Heathrow, said it was 40 pounds, at destination it turned out to be 50, even if I asked before there were not many options at that hour of the day. What buggers me is the price change...cannot recall the name of the concierge guy.	
Dec 17 2007	Basic but OK	We stayed on the 12 Dec for 2 nights on a B&amp;B basis . The hotel location is perfect for the West End/Tottenham Court Road Tube/Dominion Theatre and Piccadilly Circus was a 10 minute walk. There is a Sainsburys and Boots across the road and numerous eateries and Pubs so you won't starve. Hotel does have a bar and restuarants which did not use.Hotel appearance was modern with a wide and well presented reception area. Free tea &amp; coffee available on the mezzanine flooring just above reception. Check-In was efficient at 1530 and I even managed to get the receptionist to smile. We did notice there were check in queues at 1700-1800 as the business folk arrived. We were allocated on the 3rd floor at the back of the hotel. Lifts had minds of their own and sometimes never came when called. Not too far to walk down fire escape stairs for us, but could have been a real pain if you are on the 11th floor.Our room was small, clean and cozy. There is no AC so that could be problem in summer. You do get tea &amp; coffee facilities,hairdryer, TV plus pay per view movies (didn't use) and a free digital safe. Bathrooms are small and only useable by one person at a time, the shower was always hot and powerful even at 0830. Towels were rather threadbare, but I guess that stops people stealing them. Our room was located next door to the cleaners cupboard and we did get the odd whiff of cigarette smoke as the maids had a break. As we were at the back of the hotel noise was not too bad (from Bedford Avenue) but we could here the Cops whizzing up and down Tottenham Court Road. The bed was firm but comfortable and the maid service was efficient on both days with all towels/tea/coffee/milk replenished. There is NO fridge or mini-bars in the standard double rooms but there are vending machines in our corridor selling sweets and beer (£2 a can). We bought carry outs from Sainsburys for when we returned from our long days out! In the room info pack there is a letter from the Manager advising you not to go to Breakfast at 0830 as there is usually a 20 minute wait to be seated. We went for breakfast at 0830 on both days and there were plenty of free tables thanks to the Managers letter,nice one! Maybe that is more for summer time?Breakfast was a self service affair with either bacon, sausages, scrambled egg, hash browns and beans or you could have cereals or the Continental Breakafast selection. Tea was Twinnings and served in mugs just like being at School again. I did find that the tea tasted medicinal and I think that was due to the water boiler needing cleaning. Coffee was good however so I stuck with that. The restuarant/canteen staff were very efficient and cleaned up tables straight away.We checked out at 0930 and there were no queues either and again a smile from the Receptionists when I wished her a Merry Christmas.Overall, we were happy with our stay at the St Giles. It's a 2/3 Star, so don't expect the Dorchester!	
Dec 17 2007 	Pleasantly surprised!	Having read previous reviews we were slightly nervous of staying here but have to admit to being pleasantly surprised. We booked a twin room direct through the hotel at a charge of £87 for one night. We arrived at check-in at 12:30 expecting to be told to come back at 2pm but our room was available and we were unpacked and out into London by 1pm. Our room was more than adequate for an overnight stay in London, beds were comfy, we had a separate dressing area with dressing table/mirror and our bathroom was clean with a bath/shower and plenty of hot water. We had room 565 if that helps! The location for two ladies on their own couldnt have been better, the hotel is located two steps away from the entrance to Tottenham Court Road tube station and within a 2 min walk we were in the hustle and bustle of Oxford Street. The icing on the cake for us was seeing Mamma Mia, would recommend to anyone. We laughed, sang and danced all night. Overall we would use the St Giles Hotel again for a short break to London.	
Dec 16 2007	Hotels from hell fame awaits St Giles!!!!!!!	From the moment we arrived till the time we left this hotel sucked in a big way!! Recieved nothing but attitude on check in, double room was smaller than a B&amp;B single room, no pressure or hot water from the shower in 3 days (morning, noon &amp; night), loads of outside noise even on weeknights, clening maids knocking on your door at 7.45am and shouting down the corridors to thier cleaning buddies all morning.no satallite tv as stated and the 10&quot; tv perched ontop of the wardrobe (about 7 feet high!) and as we booked through a website were denied breakfast even though was clearly stated on our paperwork!With so many problems reception would not do anything exept tell us they were fully booked and it was take it or leave it, communicated in the ugly, rude and obnoxious manner we came to expect for the staff at st giles!we were not the only ones to be treated this way as there was a line of people waiting to complain about a number of things.We understand hotels in London ecember and did not expect top class, personal service. But being polite and making a little effort is not much to ask when paying £100 a night.Our advice is spend the extra £15 and stay in a real 4 star hotel or save £50 and stay in the Travelodge which has better rooms and staff have at least a handful of manners!Other than that the location is great!!!! x x x	
Dec 7 2007 	Hated the St Giles	A lot of the reviews for this hotel have a high rating mostly due it's ideal location. If you're headed to the west end then yes, the hotel is right in the middle of it all. However, that's all it has going for it and what I realised very quickly is that it doesn't really matter where you stay because the tubes are great for getting about and you can get to the tourist attractions very quickly and easily. In other words... pick another hotel and you'll still have everything you're looking for close to hand. We were greeted by a young lady at reception (one of an endless row of trainees) who couldn't even manage to crack a smile, a facial expression many staff seemed not to possess. The hotel corridors smell funny and the rooms are beyond basic. The concierge had pittiful knowledge of the main tourist attractions which seemed to be one of his main roles. The bathrooms are in need of more than a quick once over that they get each day, I was nervous stepping into the shower. The breakfast room looks like a small school canteen and after seeing what was on offer we opted to eat out each morning. We had a great time in London but the icing on the cake could have been the hotel had we stayed somewhere else. Do yourselve a favour and pay a few quid extra a night for better service, cleanliness and cuisine.	
Dec 6 2007 	Good location	Swift check in, request for quiet room accomodated (room on 12th floor), lift only goes to 11th floor! Small room with feature black mold around window. Appeared clean, bed and pillows comfortable. Wardrobe with 5 coathangers, approx 1.5m tall. TV with channels 1 - 5, pay TV for a selection of movies which I had never heard of. Bathroom very compact, mold around tiles, shower only. Hot water took 20 minutes from turning on tap/shower to come through. Complained and was offered the facility to shower in another room on a lower floor but didn't feel that appropriate. Small, thin towels. Breakfast, shambolice organisation, basic choice, not high standard (fruit juice was like squash, tinned fruit, urn for tea/coffee). On the plus side the hotel is in a great location a couple of minutes from Tottenham Court Road tube.	
Dec 1 2007 	Never to return	Arrived after a 20 hour flight to rude and lazy reception. The room smelt of BO which I suppose was dampness. Medium size accomodation for our 3 nights stay, outdated and very noisy if put on the Tottenham Road side. Breakfast was like being in a school canteen, food average. Apart from the location which is central to everthing there is not much else appealing about this hotel.	
Nov 29 2007 	Rooms clean	location excellent. Rooms small but clean. Haven't found a decent size room in london yet! Reception staff a bit rude but extremely busy. Key cards for rooms kept de-activating so up &amp; down 8 floors to reception to sort. On check out staff had charged room to credit card even though we told them the cost would be shared between the guests &amp; paid by cash.	
Nov 28 2007 	Very shabby and dated	Booked using Superbreaks. Chose this hotel due to location just right for theatre and easy link to Waterloo and Eurostar.The Hotel was cheap, excellent location and the public rooms fine. The lift was slow and on the 5th floor took it's time.Our room was about as far from the lift as possible and through several fire doors. I guess we were in the budget rooms as the room was tiny and the bathroom very worn with a loose toilet seat. The window faced a nearby air con unit which was very noisy and as there was no air con in our room, we had to sleep with the window closed. The room looked out on Tottenham Court Road and that was noisy all night due to nearby Hospital and Ambulances. Toiletries very cheap. Overwhelming impression was the shabby state and worn decor and not least the problematical door locking mechanism.We had to leave early and took away a packed breakfast ... which was very nice.Overall . shabby, cheap, good location ... OK for one night in town.	
Nov 27 2007 	Great	Second visit to this hotel this year. This time upgraded to one of the executive rooms as it was a special occasion. Again was not dissapointed, room spotless and without a doubt will use this hotel again. For the locasion and price you cannot fault.	
Nov 27 2007 	Rip off!	I stayed for 2 nights, the room was tiny, clean but dated. The whole hotel had a very dated look to it. The reception staff seemed annoyed that I'd interrupted their conversation when I asked for info on local bars/clubs and were generally impolite. On the first night I visited the bar downstairs, but wasn't stupid enough to go again the second night. The prices were incredibly unreasonable, even for London, I found drinks in another bar on the second night for almost half the price. I was in the bar until late and am pretty sure the prices increased after the till closed (no receipts, no proof). I definitely paid £4 per bottle at 1.30 whereas I paid £3 earlier in the evening. If I'd been smarter I'd have walked out after being ripped off for the first bottle.	
Nov 24 2007 	Don't Go	This has to be the worst hotel I have stayed in. This was a business trip and hotel was only used as a last resort because it was National Travel week and all other hotels fully booked. I am glad I wasn't paying for it. Nothing was right. Hotel shabby but certainly not chic. No smiles from the Reception Staff, Bill incorrect. Service poor in the Chinese restaurant attached to hotel and again problems with the bill. If you like having breakfast in the equivalent of a transport cafe/greasy spoon then you will love this place. The only thing this hotel has going for it is the location only 50 m from Oxford Street.	
Nov 23 2007	Basic hotel. good location good restaurant	I've stayed here a few times. It is a fairly basic hotel, with reasonable but uninspiring rooms. Check-in was a bit chaotic last time: I was initially allocated a room that was already occupied. Breakfasts aren't bad but have a cafeteria feel to them. I did eat at their Italian restaurant (they also have a Chinese/Malaysian one), and it was excellent value for central London with generous portions. The hotel is also very well situated for Oxford Street and the West End. But if you want something a bit classier, try Jury's on the next street down!	
Nov 21 2007 	Perfect Location in central london	I've recently stayed at this hotel on 14th November and I have to say it is an excellent location for getting around central london. The rooms are very compact but there is plenty of storage space, rooms were also spotlessly clean. I did'nt find the breakfast great, would recommend going to a nearbuy cafe (which there are plenty). We ate in the restaurant on our nights stay as we didn't hve time to find a nice restaurant, have to say food was good for dinner.Conceirge staff were excellent, had no problem in holding our bags for us next day while we shoped etc.Also excellent location from tube station (Tottenham Court Road), only a 3/4 min walk. I'd definetly stay here again......	
Nov 19 2007 	St Giles London	I have just returned from 3 nights at this hotel, i was very worried about the hotel after reading some of the reviews so I upgraded our room to an executive room for about £25.00 extra a night but it was well worth it. The room was very clean, with all you need i.e. bath, Plasma TV, etc. The staff in the hotel were very helpful with information and directions. The tube is just 3mins walk away. One thing I noticed was the amount of people waiting for breakfast so we just went to a cafe up the road very cheap &amp; cheerful. I will return to London next year and stay here again. The bar downstairs has a nice atmosphere a great place to meet up. Location is great.	
Nov 18 2007 	Staying in the St Giles Hotel London	We've stayed here 3 years on the run, it's clean, compact and reasonably priced. You can't get closer to the centre of London, it's walking pace from major shopping sights and just minutes from Tottenham Court Road tube station.Rooms are a bit on the small side, but it's only a base for sleeping, showering, shaving, etc. Rooms are very clean and plenty of storage, can be noisy of a night time if you have the window open.Breakfast is fairly good, but there can be queues to get a seat, better if there is 2 or more as you can get a table and then one go for food whilst the other waits.I'm certainly planning our 2008 stay in the same place.	
Nov 17 2007 	More basic than a travelodge yet not as nice	I stayed here for a single night while in London on business. Our usual hotels were all booked, and St Giles was the only available option. Check-in was reasonably quick - I arrived just before a japanese coach party which would have slowed things down. The desk staff were, however, more interested in their conversations than in informing me about any of the hotel facilities. In hindsight, this was probably because there weren't many!My room on the 11th floor (1130) was a twin, of average size. The bathroom was very small; the shower was very under powered. Overall the room had a rather dated and tired feeling. This matched the hotel in general. I would have preferred to stay in a Travelodge, at least you know what to expect!I will be asking my office not to book this hotel for me again!	
Nov 12 2007 	Guite OK!	St. Giles has a great location! Our room was tiny but clean. So, I'd say a good value for your money. There are some hidious hotels in London....I'd definetly stay in this hotel again. Although I wouldn't waste my money on the breakfast anymore. The breakfast area is far too small and there were huge lines. So, we ended up having our breakfast somewhere else.	
Nov 12 2007 	Small rooms great location!	We stayed two nights, 7th&amp;8th November. We booked through Superbreak which included Dirty Dancing at the Aldwych. The rooms at St Giles are very small, but they have everything you need, tea and coffee making facilities, hair dryer, satellite TV and the room was very clean and smelled fresh. It had only a shower though because of the size. Towells were changed daily. We were not in the room very much and this was good because I think we would have been tripping over each other all the time. The location however, is perfect, Tottenham Court Road Tube station is a two min walk which means you can catch the tube and be anywhere in minutes. The hotel has 11 floors, so obvioulsy hundreds of rooms which means a lot of hotel guests which meant breakfast was like a conveyor belt. The first morning, we went down for breakfast at 9ish thinking that it may have calmed down, but there was a long queue for food and I had to sit at the table whilst my husband went and got his so we could save our seats as most of them were taken. The second morning though, we left it until after 9.30am and it was a lot quieter. The food was good and all the staff very pleasant and helpful. The hotel bar had a nice and friendly feel about it as well, I would definately go there again.	
Nov 10 2007 	great location	we stayed at st giles hotel .very nice hotel.breakfast was good.we ate at 8am which was,nt busy after 8.30 there was queue,s.check in was no problem.room was small but its only for sleeping cause your too busy shopping or sight seeing.fresh towels every day cleaned the room daily.stocked up on teas/coffee daily.checkout was good as our flight was,nt till 6pm and they kept our lugage for £2.would recomend this hotel.we would go back.walking distance to the theatres, shops.we used the hop on hop off buses found these very good and east to use.	
Nov 8 2007	basic but excellent location.	the location is brilliant...on one end of oxford st.right beside the underground station.very handy for traveling around london on the underground.the rooms are very small and very basic.the reception are is quite comfortable and modern.the rooms do not meet the receptions standards.the bar is quite modern and generally busy.the breakfast was only average.very large crowds gather for breakfast.there is casino right next door to the hotel.this hotel has a brilliant location but the downside is the size of the rooms and the average breakfast.	
Nov 4 2007	Simple Clean 	Pleasant staff. Good location. Very small rooms but clean and with everything you need for a short break. Would use again because of location, price and decent breakfast.	
Nov 4 2007 	fantastic stay	after reading reviews before we stayed we were a bit worried but we found the hotel to be in an excellent location check in staff friendly and rooms clean &amp; tidy the only thing we would say is the italian restaurant was over priced for a not very exciting meal with staff that were more concerned with clearing the tables ready for breakfast than taking our money. we would stay again &amp; recommend to friends just not use restaurant	
Nov 3 2007 	Great for shopping!	I stayed in the St Giles Hotel for four nights and was looking for somewhere central for shopping and theatre. The room I had was quite small but clean and for a short stay perfectly acceptable. It is situated very close to Oxford Street so was ideal for dropping off shopping bags etc. The staff were very friendly but as we stayed room only I can't comment on the food. The bar appeared to be quite lively in the evening and I would definitely recommend the location.	
Oct 28 2007 	Fab Location Fab Hotel!	I stayed at the St Giles for 1 night, with 7 friends to see a matinee performance of Dirty Dancing. I found the hotel clean,with an easy check in/out process and the staff were all very pleasant and helpful. The hotel is perfectly located for shopping on Oxford Street and close to the theatres. The rooms are small but all were well equipped with tea, coffee etc. The bathrooms were also quite small but we did have a bath with a shower over it, where as the others in our party just had a shower cubicle. The breakfast was fab but would definitely recommend going before 9am as the queue was very long after that. Also, at breakfast/check out time you can wait quite a while for the lifts. Would definitely return to this hotel for our next theatre trip to London.	
Oct 27 2007 	great location - full stop	There is not much to say about the St. Giles beyond that it has a great location in London (central and near the tube stop) and the price is quite reasonable. You dont stay here for a great london hotel experience as the rooms are quite small, TV selections are very limited, breakfast is bland beyond belief (run to Starbucks for a coffee and muffin), the internet connection in the room is still a dial-up, and you can grow old waiting at the elevators. But again - if you want something centrally located and affordable dont hesitate to stay at the St. Giles.	
Oct 26 2007 	Fantastic	We stayed for 3 nights in October. The hotel was fantastic, clean and friendly. The staff were very helpful and nothing was too much trouble. The breakfast was excellent and there was plenty of everything. Location was brilliant, walking distance of most places. A pleasure from start to finish and would definitely stay again when on London.	
Oct 26 2007	Fab Location for We Will Rock You!	Have just returned from a nights stay at this hotel. For location to the Dominion Theatre and Tottenham Court Road tube station it has to score 5/5 as it is literally next door! The room was on the small side, as was the bathroom, but then you don't go to London to sit in your room all day, do you?!All the areas in the hotel were perfectly clean, and the staff friendly and helpful. Check in and Out was efficient, and considering how many bedrooms this hotel has, it was very quiet.For what this hotel charges compared to others in the same area it represents extremely good value for money in London.	
Oct 26 2007	Not that clean - room very small	Stayed in St Giles for 2 nights in Oct. I found the room really small and Claustrophobic. The location was brilliant and the breakfast was good. Be aware -It took 30 mins to queue and pay for our swimming pool tickets. I thought the hotel had it's own pool and gym rather than been affiliated to a public one....My main complaint was the smell of the quilt. On Friday night I went to pull the quilt cover over me and got an awful smell of BO. I phoned reception the following morning asking them to replace it. On my return to the room the following night, the room looked lovely and tidy with an extra blanket on the bed, but the same quilt cover over the sheets (it was never replaced). The smell was so bad that the manager stepped back after smelling it. I actually put a little mark on the inside of the quilt cover so that I would know if they replaced the quilt or just sprayed it with freshener. The toilet paper was also very sarce, you would not want to have had an Indian the night before!!!	
Oct 21 2007 	Fantastic!!	On arriving and entering hotel there was a very clean and lavish reseption area. Checked in very smooth and fast and four lifts to rooms. Room was very clean and bright with tv and kettle and tea, milk etc. Situated across road from tube station and round the corner from Oxford street, couldn't ask for better location. Our room was on the front of the hotel and had views of Big Ben in the distance.Already looking to go back next time I'm in London and would definetley recommend.	
Oct 21 2007	location location location!	Stayed here for 4 days to see Terracotta Warriors exhibition at British Museum. Ideally placed being less than 5 minutes from hotel to museum. Walking distance of theatres and shops. Excellent value for money considering the proximity to the attractions. Hotel was clean and welcoming. Staff efficient and polite. Breakfast room busy at times, surely a good indication of the food on offer? We intend tostay here on our next visit.	
Oct 19 2007	brilliant hotel	we stayed at the st giles sept 3rd and 4th 2007. We were a party of 15 ladies and half of them were visually impaired. I cannot fault this hotel for location, helpful staff, excellent breakfast and good rooms. we have been to London the last three years for theatre visits and this is the best hotel we have been to. Would recommend it to anyone.	
Oct 15 2007 	Great Location	Just back from a 2 night stay in the St. Giles. Hotel Location is fantastic, just around the corner from Oxford Street. We arrived at about 11am and were told that our room was ready which was great. Booked a triple room - Small double bed and then a single bed in the wardrobe which you pull down. The room and bathroom were quite small for 3 adults sharing but honestly we were not in the room for long. Breakfast in the morning was lovely. Loads of choice. Fruit, hot food,cereal etc. Had a drink in the Lazy dog pub and prices were quite reasonable. Looked at the menu but never ordered any food. Smellt good. Staff very friendly and nothing seemed like a hassle for them. We went to see Dirty Dancing the show when we were over there and i would really reccomend it. Best night we had in London. I would definitly have no hesitation recommending the St. Giles and am due to stay there again in November.	
Oct 10 2007 	Bad service great location	I stayed in the St Giles Hotel in July visting London for two days going to a musical. Upon check-in the staff were very unhelpful, they couldn't find my reservation and this whole scenario took around one hour to sort out upon which we had to rush to make our meal and show that night. These things happen, I made my views known but this is a huge hotel in a very good location, don't expect great customer service but its worth it if you need to be in this area. We had time to shop for few hours the next morning before we had to check out because of its proximity. Also my brother stayed here before and had warned me the rooms are small, so I booked a renovated Executive room which wasn't big at all (average size of any standard room in my opinion but maybe London is different) so I would recommend booking this if your claustrophic as I can't imagine what the standard rooms are like!	
Sep 30 2007 	Highly recommended	We chose this hotel after searching the internet. It turned out to be an excellent location, close to tube, easy to get to. Staff were very helpful. Rooms are small and there is no air conditioning, but they did supply a fan. We kept the fan on all the time even when we were not there, or it got too hot to sleep. I would stay here again for the locations and friendly staff.	
Sep 29 2007 	Great location!!	I don't know why people are so fussy about the room size, european hotels have small rooms, get used to that!! and who wants to stay in the room anyway. This hotel is great, I've stayed there 3 times and would recommend it to anyone, you can walk everywhere, go to all the shows and come back late at night without any problem and you don't need to have breakfast at the hotel when you have all these nice places near by where you can eat. If you book through the internet you can find some good offers, I stayed there for 5 nights and I payed 453 GBP for a twin room. So, I definitely recommend it and I'll stay there on my next trip to London.	
Sep 29 2007 	Broom cupboard sized rooms!	Do not be fooled by the plush lobby! As we walked further away from reception, the carpet, walls and furniture got worse... we stayed in the pokiest corner room you could imagine (room 185). It was right next to a generator of some type as the noise was like a Boeing 747. The bed was not a double - as a double wouldn't have fit - the bathroom was tiny and the tv was on top of a unit, so you'd get neck ache watching it!Ok, the location is good, but the rooms are just too claustrophobic.	
Sep 28 2007	small rooms	My husband and I stayed for 3 nights here. It was centrally located for covent garden, Oxford Street, British Museum. The Rooms were very small and there was only a shower. After a long day exploring London i needed to soak my feet. Staff were very friendly and couldnt do enough for you. As its a large hotel there were queues alot. Otherwise enjoyed my stay.	
Sep 27 2007	Exellent hotell small rooms	St Giles Hotel London is known to be Europe's Largest Independent Hotel within it's category. Situated just off Oxford Street, 1 minute walk from Tottenham Court Tube and close to Euston Station, with easy access to Waterloo International, Kings Cross, Victoria and Liverpool Street Stations.	
Sep 26 2007 	Central Hotel - good location	This Hotel is very central for all the London Shows and the Tube station is not very far away giving you easy access to all over London...Plenty of Taxis parked outside the Hotel and very busy location.We were put up in this hotel by a company so we did not actually pay for out stay, but the rates are very reasonable £124 for Bed/breakfast. The reception area is spacious and very clean also has a nice feel about it and a rather grand enterance. The rate on this hotel is 3 star, the rooms we have to agree with other reviews are very tiny but adequate and clean - no air conditioning and the shower head had seen better days in our room on the first floor - clean beds/bedding. No fridge which we could have done with.Lifts a nightmare not big enough and a lot of waiting around - don't neogotiate the stairs as what a hike and we were only located on the first floor................we mean a lot of stairs. The breakfast well...............like dried up bacon and no fried eggs just a scrambled mess..........stick to the ham/cheese/fruit you won't go wrong there believe me tea/coffee fine. After 8.30am at weekend you will have to wait at leat 3/4 hour for a table and gawd is it basic ..there is a good breakfast bar around the corner for your information.This hotel is a 3 star and provides the needs for a traveller, 1/2 nights stay maximum small rooms but you could live with that and the plus side is it is centrally located and a good tube service. My advice to you is eat out, its part of the fun anyway. The staff were very friendly and went out of their way to help - late checkout Sunday until 6pm extra £15 - we thought that was fantastic gives you a bit more time in London without having to trail bags around.There is use of a lesiure complex and its very good to go for a swim to help take those extra pounds off after eating out....This hotel is good value for the price paid but just eat out otherwise enjoy your stay................There is a super Hotel on Great Russell Street which knocks spots of this one and the location is just the same for you information it is the Jurys Doyle Hotel Chain if we had been paying that is were we would have stayed...................	
Sep 24 2007 	Fantastic location	This is arguably the most central hotel in London. We stayed for a long weekend and it is on the corner of Tottenham Court Road and Oxford Street. It is next to Leicester Square and all the Theatres. It is on a bed and breakfast basis and the breakfast were from 7.30am to 11am. Every thing you could image was on offer. Full English, Continental, fruits, buns etc. The room was small but compact with TV and ensuite. No complaints would recommend to anyone.	
Sep 23 2007 	Worst Hotel Ever!	If you were to judge St Giles Hotel from their website, you would be forgiven for thinking that it was quite a nice place to stay. The only positive I can say about the place was the location...nothing else. We encountered problems immediately on our arrival. The reception queue was never-ending, and three of the previous night's guests were arguing with a front-desk attendent over discrepancies with their bill. When we finally got to the desk, they had no record of our booking, even though we had the internet confirmation with us! When that was eventually sorted, I made my way to my room - once again, the queue for the lifts was incredible, and frustrations among fellow guests was pretty high. However, I was prepared to forget all the problems once I saw my room. But what a shambles! I could hardly get in the door, it was so tiny. The room was horrible - the carpet was dirty and stained, the bathroom smelt of damp and there was mold in the grouting. The heat was stifling even though the window was open (you had to close this at night because it was just too loud outside). The only relief was a little electric fan - no air con. My friend was also having the same problems, but she also had to put up with a couple arguing loudly next door, and having very noisy sex the night after! She asked if she could book one of the films being shown, and was told that her room wasn't enabled for pay-per-view, even though the menu sat on top of her TV. I could go on...there were so many things over the three days that we nicknamed the place 'faulty towers', and began to laugh at everything instead of moaning. But never again - my next trip to London will be more thoroughly planned and will not involve St Giles. Beware!	
Sep 20 2007 	Great location	Great location - 25 meters from Oxford Street and Tottenham Court Road Tube-station + Sainsbury's (food &amp; liquor), Burger King, Virgin Megastore.A huge hotel with impersonal service (and only 1 tiny window in each room) - but I don't mind that.The rooms are nice, but VERY small!!! The double rooms are not for two people - they should be called single rooms. So be aware! Two people in a double room with two suitcases? Forget it!!!But it's clean, w/TV, hairdryer and ice vendingmachine on the ground floor and swimmingpool/workout-center in the baysment (for a small fee). So if the price is right - I will stay there again.	
Sep 19 2007 	Appalling!!!!!	My colleague and I stayed in the St.Giles last night whilst on business in London. Our expectations were not particularly high as we often stay in London and rooms are often smaller than average, however nothing prepared us for the size or the general standard of the rooms we were given in the St.Giles.I racked my brains as I was sure in my lifetime I must have stayed in worse accommodation; but so far I am yet to recall anywhere ... I guess it may still come to me! The bathroom, although convenient if you wished to shower, use the loo and wash your hands simultaneously, was the smallest I have ever seen, I would warn more generously proportioned guests that they should consider using the shower at their peril as I fear if they make it in, they may not make it our without sufficient lather!!!! The decor was tired and generally grimy and I did not risk a peak at the mattress in case it kept me awake; after viwing a spare one in the corridor the next morning, I'm so glad I didn't otherwise I would never have slept.I twice asked for a blanket as the bed only had a sheet and a top cover; regrettably it failed to materialise so I slepy with a coat over to top of the bedspread.My colleague reported that her TV ( a small portable circa 1986) was not working as was promised a repair; once again no luck so no TV!The communal areas on the1st floor were also fairly grim, although the reception lulls you in to a false sense of security as this area was perfectly acceptable.The only positive I can take from this experience was that chap on the desk was very pleasant!	
Sep 3 2007 	great location reasonably priced!	this was the third time i have stayed at the st. giles hotel, and its a great location for discovering london. the hotel is right at the top of oxford street, and is 100m from tottenham court road tube station, which is on the central and northern lines, which can take you to many of the tourist attrations. the hotel itself is clean, but the rooms are quite small. the hotel has a nice bar, and the concierge will keep your bags after checkout for £1 per bag until your departure. their is a small sainsburys supermarket across the road, which has anything extra you might need. st giles do a great breakfast that is included in the price of your room, its a buffet that has english and continental breakfasts. the only downside to this hotel is that there are no views out of the windows, and it can sometimes be noisy outside, with it being on a main road, and it can make it difficult to sleep. overall, i would definitly recommend the st giles to anyone visiting london, especially a newcomer to the city, as it is very centrally located.	
Aug 31 2007 	Good hotel Great location	The St Giles hotel is situated in an excellent location just off Tottenham Court Road. It is so close to the main shopping district in London (Oxford Street) that you can see it from the Tottenham Court Road Underground station stairs.The rooms were quite small but very clean, the bathroom was very adequate and clean too.There was no noise from other guests or from outside of the hotel too. Breakfast was excellent, You get a wide choice of tinned fruits and a hot breakfast as well.I would reccommend the Hotel St Giles and I will definitely be staying there again on my next trip to London.	
Aug 30 2007 	Perfect location	We stayed at the St Giles for a couple of nights to see two West End shows, one of which was 'We will rock you', and we found it to be good value for money, and a perferct location, as the Dominion theatre was just a stones throw away from the hotel (best show I've seen, by the way). The hotel is probably 2/2.5 star rating and not a 3, though for £70 a night including a decent breakfast, we couldn't really complain. I would warn people,however, that the noises outside from the roads/people/building work is pretty loud and because we finally had some good summer weather, the room was very warm with no AC. We had to suffer the heat at night as it was too noisy outside to leave the window open, so don't expect a peaceful nights sleep. Overall we enjoyed the short break, loved the 2 shows, and the hotel certainly didn't spoil the experience, just don't expect too much.	
Aug 30 2007 	Very pleased	Great location - right near Oxford Street for all the shops and close to the theatres. Also 2 mins walk to Tottenham Court Tube Station so you can get anywhere really easily.Rooms - ok they're small but have everything you need and are clean. Plenty of tea/coffee making things. Bathroom nice.Breakfast - served until 10.30 which is great for those wanting a bit of a lie in - great selection. We were advised to wait till after 9 cause apparently its really busy before with all the people going to work.Friendly check in and lovely conceirge man who let us leave our cases (securely) for as long as we needed.We paid £70 for a double - cheap for city centre London and everything you need - i'd stay here again.	
Aug 30 2007 	very pleasant staff	I booked a single online so breakfast was not included. I was given a very nice room albeit very small but everything worked just fine and it was clean. I found the staff excellent; e.g. desk clerk, concierge and cleaning staff. After I arrived, the lady in charge of cleaning visited to make sure everything was ok. I later returned with a friend who also booked a single. Her room was even larger than mine but she couldn't get the safe in her room to work. The hotel responded quickly and fixed her problem. This hotel mainly has European clients. There are 6 elevators and about 700 rooms so waiting time for the elevator can be a few minutes. The year before I had the breakfast and found it unappetizing but there's a huge Saintsbury's across the road and also a nice internet store. The location is just fantastic being a block from Tottenham Court Rd underground. Walking distance to Covent Garden, Chinatown, bookstores, theatre district. One item I would have liked would be a small refrigerator, but iron and board and fan are included. The nights were cool so air cond unnecessary anyway. Street repairs were done late at night so there was a noise factor but not the hotel's fault. I was able to get my suitcases and myself on a little elevator run by the concierge to reach the desk clerk lobby so anyone who can't climb the stairs can use this also.	
Aug 29 2007 	Great Location	This is the third time I have stayed here.I chose it because the location of the hotel is great and it is value for money. totenham Court tube station is two minutes away.You are within walking distacne of soho, restaurants, theatres and shops. Perfect if you want to see We Will Rock You, it's almost next door.The hotel and the rooms do need some refurbishment in places, so do not expect to get luxury. The rooms are small but clean.The main areas are nice and clean. Tried the Chinese restaurant in the hotel and found it very good. They have moved the breakfast area since I last visited and didn't like it too much. Too busy and too small. However the food was hot and plentiful.For about £80 per night in central London, it was good value and a great base to go walk about.If you want more luxury, pay more and go somewhere else.	
Aug 25 2007	Better than expected	I stayed in the hotel with a friend for three nights last week. We had been planning a trip to see Grease in Picadilly Theatre and this hotel was listed as being very near the theatre. I had read the reviews on this site and I have to say I was very worried about what the hotel wouold be like. I can now say that I need not have worried at all. When we arrived, the check-in was speedy and we were in our room within ten minutes. We stayed in a deluxe twin room, which was small yet spotless. The staff were extremely friendly and did everything they could to help us and make our stay enjoyable. Breakfast was lovely and you could have as much as you wanted of a variety of foods. We had dinner in the hotel restaraunt on the last night of our stay and it was delicious and very reasonably priced. Even though we were near to the road the room was very quiet and we had no trouble sleeping. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a central base which is near to all amenities.	
Aug 19 2007 	Phew	I was given a weekend in London as a gift which included staying at this hotel. The day before leaving I looked it up on this site and found so many critical comments that I was concerned.The booking-in and key systems seemed to defeat the receptionist who took a long time - at the end of which I was told that our room was in the Tower - the West Tower.Our room was larger than we have had at other hotels. Everything about it was clean - the welcome tray, sheets, ledges, carpets, shelves, bathroom with freebies and towels. We had no complaints about the standard at all. The concierge staff,( who cheerfully delivered extra milk to our room late at night ) dining room and bar staff and receptionists were friendly and exceedingly helpful.Noise - the only noise that irritated was that from outside the building which was settled by closing the window!Breakfast - This was excellent in quality and quantity. The tables were clean and were cleared and cleaned in a friendly and professional way. I would have no hesitation in staying here again While I accept that every establishment can have its off day our experience is one of satisfaction at St Giles	
Aug 17 2007 	Ideal Location	We stayed at this hotel with 2 other couples on a weekend trip in August. Upon arrival the service of the reception was very speedy and we were in our rooms within 10 minutes although it is like a maze of corridors and doors.The rooms are clean and big enough for a weekend but wouldnt like to think i was spending a week there.The bathroom is small but clean.If you are thinking of going to this hotel to end it all and throw yourself out of window dont bother you cant even get your head through gap!!LOL!!It lacks air-conditioning, and trust us to go on the only weekend where the sun came out in 2007 it was absolutely red hot in hotel. Fans were supplied so i suppose that was better than nothing.Breakfast!! what a chaos trying to get your food, it is so badly organised, everyone milling about like ants as everything is here there and everywhere. Food was ok. A tip try and wait till after 9 as they queue out of door.Ideal location for Chinatown,Soho,Covent Garden and Theatres and most of all The Shops!!Would use hotel again for locationStuart Little made an appearance and staff didnt seem too bothered but we only saw him once near the lift when we came back on our 1st night.	
Aug 14 2007 	dreadful!!!!!!	The reception was unhelpful on arrival, rooms were very small, basic and in need of decorating.Breakfast time was chaotic and the food was of poor quality and cold! Even though we complained at the time there was little interest in attempting to resolve the issue. On our return we wrote a letter of complaint and the response was of any problems or issues.This hotel is an embarrassment to the British hotel trade.	
Aug 14 2007	Hostel-like accommodations at Hotel prices	Not a bad place to stay... as long as you know what you're going to be getting. The location is at the Northern tip of Soho, downtown - very central and 1 minute from the closest underground station (Tottenham Court).The service was fine, and the hotel lobby was actually quite clean and nice.The rooms, however, are extremely, extremely small, non air-conditioned - and not what you would expect based on the appearance of the lobby. Although the rooms appeared to be clean, the furnishings are very old. The best way to describe it would be an old college dormroom, or a typical average hostel room. The carpets are old and stained. The bathrooms are generally clean, but clean freaks won't want to step barefoot on the floor or leave toiletries on the sink. The sheets, although appearing clean, have dried colored stains on them (don't ask). One wouldn't want to sleep without pajamas in these beds.All that being said, if you are fine with dorm-type accommodation, and location is a high priority, then this place will probably meet your expectations if you manage to get a good price for it (I booked mine through otel.com). If you want any level of luxury that you might associate with a mid-range hotel or above, I would not choose this place. Will post pictures soon.	
Aug 8 2007	Great Hotel and Location	It really amazes me how some people can slate this Hotel, myself and my wife along with another couple stopped here for two nights, the reception/lobby was spotlessley clean and we checked in within 10mins, once upto our room it was adequate for our needs, at the end of the day your not living in it only sleeping, it was clean and well presented. The bathroom was also very well presented and the shower was a real treat after a hard days shopping with my wife!! The Breakfast area was well presented but, could do with being slightly bigger as it was a little cramped when it seemed like the whole guests had decided to eat at the same time. If your looking for good Hotel at probably the best location in London for anything and everything you wish to visit, then this the one for you. Extremely close to the Tube, the theatres are approx 10minutes away, and for all you shoppers Oxford street is 5 Minutes aghhh i still have the blisters to prove it!!	
Aug 7 2007 	great base average hotel....	Hello.Stayed her for three days in a suite (believe me the extra room just fits a sofa in it) and cost just over £300. This price is not bad for London and great for the location the hotels in. We went for a few days break and found the hotel ok. Its not grand by any stretch of the imagination but serves its purpose for been a great base for London. I cant comment on the food as we were always out and about but the rooms were clean and they did provide an ironing room. There were also vending machines around some floors which were a great help. One thing I will comment on was the smell on the corridor, it was vile a bit like open sewers but only on a certain part of the corridor. Also watch out for holes in the corridor floors, it wasnt dangerous but you could feel the carpet supporting your weight, it felt like the service duct covers had been removed and not replaced! i think St Giles could be better but for the money its still a great base, Thanks	
Aug 1 2007	suana included no A/C also not much english	hotel web site rips you offI paid $150 USDmy friend thru a travel agent $89not worth $50	
Jul 30 2007	Staff don't have a clue!	When checking in at the front desk the staff told me that i didn't have a room booked under my name! Having already paid i had to ring my friends who were all also staying there (we were on a hen weekend) who told me that my room was 136 and the key was put aside with my name on. Finally i got the correct room key, went upstairs, about to get in the shower and a couple walked into my room! You can imagine my horror at the fact that i was completely naked and the hotel had double booked my room and that they had just walked in with their key cards! I don't know who was more embarrased!I ended up having to ring the manager who explained that it was a computer fault. She then spent half an hour trying to work out what had happened and what room i was suppose to be in.I stayed in the room which was a double, very warm, but i used the fan. The bathroom was small and i wouldn't say that clean. Hairs were left in the sink and the plughole didn't work that well. The location is near tottenham court road and is very central, the road its on is very busy so take some ear plugs!	
Jul 29 2007 	It's okay spend your money on fun and stay here!	Don't be put off by reviews. The rooms are not spacious but this is a capital city and you are smack bang where the action is!! There is a fantatstic gym and swimming pool underneath the hotel, and the rooms are clean and well kept. The TV reception was awful, but if you plan this as a base to explore London and then just get your head down at night this is the place for you. Food OK too.	
Jul 21 2007 	cupboard like room.	Excellent location, for the West End, shopping and sightseeing. The room was incredibly small and the bathroom was miniscule. Our room was situated in the East wing, I suspect directly above the kitchen, the noise and smells from the extractors was horrendous; No air conditioning left us with a choice of not sleeping because of heat suffocation or being kept awake by noise and cooking fumes. Breakfast was plentiful but not particularly good. All in all not a good choice, we would definitely not stay there again.	
Jul 13 2007 	Perfect location	Just returned from a stay in the St Giles. Can't understand the bad reviews. A great hotel right in the heart of London. Staff very friendly and helpful. Single room small but twin /doubles room fine. Very clean , tea ,coffee ,hairdryer free in room safe. A little noisy if you need to keep the window open. Room warm in summer but ask for a fan. Breakfast great , usual fruit, ham cheese, cereal + bacon eggs etc. Swimming pool and gym also available for just £4 per stay. Would definitely stay here again just steps from the shops and attractions . Great value for city centre.	
Jul 9 2007 	Nice hotel with great location	I chose this hotel based on recomandtions from a colleague and I was not disappionted. The room was clean and nice and not at all as small as some has mentioned. It was fairly cheap by London standard, but the best thing was the location. Everything is within walking distance. We stayed in London for 4 days and did not take a taxi or the subway once.	
Jul 3 2007 	Great Location	After reading many reviews on this hotel, it was fair to say I was a bit apprehensive prior to travelling.Firstly, the location of this hotel is excellent. Staff are very friendly, and helpful.Impressed with the choice at breakfast, good selection for either a continental breakfast or full English. Very nice.Ok so the rooms are a bit small but everything was clean, the shower was excellent and clean. The bar and staff were good. Open till 1am on a Sunday which was good.To me this hotel had everything you would require for a night or two in London. I would definately visit this hotel again.	
Jun 26 2007 	Not great	The Hotel was to be fair a dissapointment, the rooms were tiny and the bathroom did not seem clean and some of the staff need to be taught how to smile.Luckily though the hotel is in a great location and for that reason I may consider staying there again if I had too.	
Jun 26 2007 	ok for 2-3 nights	The room (single) was very small.The bed seemed to be clean and the bathroom too.The breakfast had limited options, but anyone could survive for 3-4 days.My room was at the 6-th floor and during friday night the noise was terrible, I couldn't sleep.The employees were nice and helpful if asked.It was OK for 3 nights, but if I'll come back, I'll choose another hotel.	
Jun 15 2007 	A suprisingly good hotel at reasonable rates	I travel a lot with work around the world, and am always disapointed with London hotels in comparison to the rest of the world.Being a work trip, I try to keep to a reasonable budget, so for the £95, wasnt expecting a great deal from the St Giles hotel. From the point of entering reception which was pleasant enough but really busy made me feel like I was going to get the same tired old rooms and service I have come to expect from reasonable priced hotels in London.Once in the rooms though, I was really pleasantly suprised. (Although tiny - as you expect in London) it was clean and really modernly furnished. A plasma screen on the wall, and some really nice touches that just make it seem nicer than your average budget hotel - nice water glasses etc and free bottled water in the rooms.The bathroom was modern and immaculately clean again. A great hotel location, just off Tottenham Court road, and relatively quiet throughout the night. All in all, a really excellent attempt at a budget London hotel and I think would be great for business or leisure as long as you weren;t planning on spending a lot of time in the room.	
Jun 14 2007 	It was OK	After reading previous reviews I was worried! I found that the Hotel was of a good general standard but maintenance is poor in some areas.The rooms are compact but I found them OK. The comments about breakfast put me off so I went out to a coffee shop around the corner. For the price you pay in this area of London I think the hotel is OK and I will be staying there again.	
Jun 11 2007 	Really good stay	I did read a couple of reviews on here and must admit I was expecting the worse after what I had read about the rooms and the lifts.I stayed in London for 3 nights. We checked into the hotel very quickly and did not wait long for a lift at all. Our room was on the 6th floor but did not have to wait for more than 2 mins the whole time we were there.I have stayed in bigger rooms, but when your in London (for leisure) I guess you are not planning to stay in your room that long. The bathroom was small but adequate and the rooms where clean. I found my bed very comfy (could have done with one more pillow maybe). Yes, it was noisy, but what do you expect - its just off Oxford Street in the middle of London, and after very long days of sightseeing and shows we were too tired to notice.We only had breakfast on one of the mornings. It had everything you would expect and there was nothing wrong with the food at all. It was set out rather like a canteen but that would be my only criticism.I found the staff very helpful, and the concierge told us everything we asked of them, and stood on the street with us to hail a taxi when it came for us to leave.The hotel itself is right next to Tottenham Court Road Tube which is only 3 stops from Euston so getting there was very easy. One stop to Leicester Square but easy walking distance to anywhere. The location just made the whole stay that bit more enjoyable.For the price and locatation I would absolutly reccommend this hotel for anyone on a leisure break in the city.	
Jun 11 2007	Great location crap service	I have stayed here a total three times. Yes the location is great but it is noisey. I can get over that also as you are in the west end but they have these blinds in the rooms that don't keep out the light. The rooms are very small but then again you are very centrally located.The last time we booked a mini suite and they firstly could not find our booking. Then when we got to our room there was work being done on the floor above us and they did not tell us about this. The drilling was unbeleivable. We rang to complain and ask to be moved and they did not see the problem eventually the next day we were moved. The customer service was appalling we had to ask for a deduction as we moved back to an ordinary room. But we will not be returning to this hotel.	
Jun 11 2007	Terrible hotel - BED BUGS !!	This hotel is very busy but does not seem to spend any money on upgrading itself. The rooms were very small and not very comfortable. One of my party was badly bitten on her back by bed bugs and it turned my stomach to stay there.There are so many better hotels in London that there is surely no need to stay in this old, cramped and dirty place.	
Jun 7 2007 	Appaling Customer Service - Wont be returning	This hotel really does eptimise the shocking customer services. After booking and paying on line we waited 20 minutes to check in after a member of staff could not find us. We were told 6th floor, no times for breafast or anything. After queing for a lift space we found our room (small would be being complimentary) although the room was clean and tidy shame we could not say the same for the bathroom. The tv was no programmed correctly so many channels coudl not be watched. After repeatedly trying to book a film and calling a manager to complain we were told they did not have a credit card to secure the room thus we were not allowed to watch - we wernt asked for a card at check in!! The 2 nights we stayed at the St Giles were probably the 2 worst nights of my life, a rock hard bed, pancake pillows and so much noise with the window open it was a joke. Why dont london hotels have air conditioning? Didnt even bother with brekfast decided to use the high street for something decent. Reception were at most - useless and conceirge a waste of time. Duty Managers couldnt be bothered to help when my wallet was stolen and the GM didnt even return my calls to complain. Steer clear and use the Jurys Inn round the corner is my best advice.	
Jun 4 2007 	Fine Hotel for Us!	I'm not sure what people expect for London but we were completely satisfied with this hotel for 89 pounds including breakfast. The location is perfect and very close to the tube and walking distance to many sights. Yes, the rooms are small but we had just come from Rome and stayed in a much smaller room. If you want big rooms with all the bells and whistles, be prepared to pay double this rate. The room was very clean and the breakfast was perfect for families. We used the pool next door at the YMCA and the kids had a great time. Save your pounds for food/drink in London because that's where the big bucks seem to fly out of the wallet!	
May 26 2007 	The Smallest Room Ever!!	The location of this hotel is what attracted me to it, and it is indeed in the centre of London. Oxford Street across the road and a few minutes walk to theatre land.The down side is that the rooms are tiny, hot and not particularly clean. No room to place suitcases and tiny, tiny wardrobe space.We were in town for shopping and to see a show so the time we spent in the room was minimal and probably just about adequate for a two night stay - I would not have liked to stay longer.The Breakfast is a bit of a survival of the fittest as it is very chaotic but given the volume that they are producing it was acceptable.The best place to be in the hotel is either the bar, which has a great atmosphere, or the restaurant which adjoins it which serves a very nice meal.My travel is usually for business so I looked at this trip in a slightly different light as it was for leisure. I would not have beenat all happy staying here on a business trip, no space to work and street noise are issues for business travellers who need a good night's sleep.	
May 21 2007 	Noisy and in need of upgrade	Perfect location right next to Tottenham Court Road subway station. A large hotel with acceptable prices. We paid 129 pounds per night for a double room upgraded to a suite. Well, the upgrade was a extra room with a sofa and an extra telly. Bathroom was with a shower, but should have been renovated. We spent three nights in St. Giles London. We have been at St. Giles 4 times before.Extremely slow elevators, so we spent quite a lot of time in queues... Hotel offer swimming pool and more, but we did not try it this time.The breakfast is way much better (and cheaper) in one of the many cafés in the area (Nero, Starbucks, Pret-a-Manger, Grab-a-bite etc.). You'll find Oxford Street just around the corner.There were a lot of noise from the street, so it was almost impossible to keep the window open. It is a few shops across the street, with deliveries and garbage pickup causing a lot of noise. Seems like something happens every minute of the night.... it was like this every night. And early in the morning, like 7, construcion workers started working with the hotels top floor. The hotel could have warned us about all massive construcion work, since it was impossible to stay in during this work.Next time we'll choose another hotel for sure, even if we need to pay more. Rooms need an upgrade, especially the bathrooms.	
May 21 2007 	Dont waste your money	We stayed at St. Giles from 16 - 20 may, and had booked a superior double room for 2, so we expected a standard above average, but no no no......When we arrived, the check-in was quick.Getting out of the lift on second floor, there was an odd smell and the air was warm and a bit moist, it only got worse the longer down the hallway we came.Opening the door to our room we found the smallest room we have ever stayed in, having to go sideways trough the door with our suitcases. At least the air wasnt smelly but it was very warm, so we opened the window, but it couldnt open more than 8-10 inches.At first look the room seemed clean, but at a closer look we fond dirtmarks on the walls, small cracks in the tiling on the bathroom, and dust in the corners.Also there where no ashtray in the room, but we had speceficaly booked at smoking room, it first arrived after 2 complaints to reception over an 9 hour period.Getting up the day after to shower we found out that the air-vent / fan in the bathroom wasnt working, so all the moist and condensation from two people showering got out in the room, not very pleasant. We contacted reception and was promised that it would be fixed, but nothing happened.The bed was very small and uneven, if you sat in one end you would go down 10-15 inches but in the other end onle 3-5 inches. Also it is very short, so if you are taller than 175 cm. you cant lie stretched out.The tv in the room is badly tuned and a third of the channels listed in the guest directory, wasnt working.The hotel has only 4 lifts for 700 rooms so we often waited a couple of minutes before it arrived.The only good things at this hotel is its location, close to the tube and shopping / attractions, and its concierge who is very helpfull.The last morning of our stay, there was no warm water, so we had to leave without being able to shower.The only reason that we didnt left and found another hotel, is that we didnt spend more time there than to sleep and shower.We dont expect luxurious executive rooms to this price, but having booked a superior room (above standard) we at least expect the basic things to be in order. Having stayed in London hotels many times we know that London standard is often a bit below averege, but the St. Giles is simply at the bottom of the scale.We will never stay there again....	
May 21 2007 	Stay away	This was without doubt the worst hotel I have stayed in. The interior was poor (no pictures on the walls and paintwork in need of repair). The lifts were also poorly decorated and slow - you often had to wait 10 minutes for one to arrive. The rooms were very small and the bathroom couldnt fit 2 people in (wasnt big enough for a bath either). The rooms were also too hot so who knows what the atmosphere would be like in the summer. There was even a queue for 30 mins for breakfast in the morning - once there it was like a cattle market and you had to share tables. If you like hotels cheap and tacky this is the one for you. If you have money to burn just send it to me - you will feel better that giving money to this franchise. Good luck - you'll need it.	
May 14 2007	A nice basic hotel	I stayed at the St. Giles from May 9-13, 2007. I won't deny that I was very concerned when I read the reviews about this hotel , in fact I started looking for other hotels in the same area. But in my opinion, the St. Giles is quite good (definitely not a luxury hotel, but it's acceptable).It's location is definitely it's best asset. The hotel is right in the center of the West end. There is a grocery and internet cafe across the street. There are also several theaters in the surrounding area. The British Museum is like a 3-minute walk away. Trafalgar square, Piccadilly circus, Pall Mall, Buckingham Palace, National Gallery and Westminster Abbey are like 10-20 minutes away by foot. The hotel rooms are small but clean. In the summer, the room may get real warm because there is no AC.The hotel also has some negative aspects. The hallway leading to my room smelled funky, but the room smelled nice (Thank God). I had full English breakfast included in my room rate. The breakfast was served buffet style and it was plentiful. The main drawback is that they served the same thing everyday. But overall I enjoyed my stay and I plan to stay there again whenever I go back to London.	
May 13 2007 	Okay certainly not impressed	I was here for one night on business, and did not find it a particularly pleasant experience.Check-in was horrendously slow (the business traveller will recognise this bugbear), both in the queue and at the desk, none of the receptionists seemed to have a clue what they were doing and it took about 30 minutes from entering the lobby to getting into the room. Check-out was almost as bad.The rooms were okay if small, bed was pretty small and uncomfortable. Bathroom also small.The location was okay - have been in both better and worse, guess it depends where you are going - 5 minute walk from Tottenham Ct Road tube.On the plus side, a nice bar was attached to the hotel. In summary, if travelling for leisure and you get a good deal on this hotel, you should take it, but if it's not cheap, go elsewhere. If you're on business I would suggest that you go elsewhere.	
May 8 2007 	Great hotel very central to all	We stayed here for 3 nights to see We will Rock You which is next to the hotel a huge bonus for us The concierge staff were very helpful with transport, maps, various timetables. Rooms small but adequate great shower and breakfast very good and staff very quick to clear tables in a busy dinning room the hotel is really central for Shopping, Theatres,Eating out and we would certainly stay again and tell our friends	
May 8 2007 	good value	As a family of four (2 kids 14,12) we booked two doubles. The hotel is quite big and located near Tottenham Court TUbe station and various buslines. Also only minutes walking from Covent Garden and less than 15 minutes to Soho(Leicester Sq. and Pic. Circus) Rooms are not too big (they are nowhere in this price category, most of them are smaller).Very clean, good beds, good English/Continental breakfast.No noiseBest value so far for London.	
May 7 2007 	Great Hotel 	my Wife and I stayed at the St Giles hotel during the May Bank holiday week end.The first point to make about this hotel is the location. Just off of tottenham court road at the bottom of oxford st. minutes from all the major london attractions.If you decide to drive to london the there is a secure car park in the depths of the hotel which is ideal. If staying at the hotel you get a discounted rate of £15 for 24 hours.The hotel itself is great the room we had was a double superior. It was quite small but very clean and comfortable. You had all the usual amenitees in the room including en suite shower room , tv , tea and coffee making facilities etc.There is a hotel bar and resturant which are very nice and all the staff make you feel very welcome.The conceirge are very helpful and can give you all the advice you need for a great stay in london.All in all a great hotel. its highly recomended and we will no doubt be staying here again.	
May 5 2007	Good Base	Had my 4th stay at the St Giles Hotel on Tottenham Court Rd. Again it was great, I always feel comfortable there, rooms are small but adequate &amp; always nice &amp; clean. Breakfast is buffet style. Hotel staff always courteous &amp; friendly. And it's in a great location, especially for Oxford St shopping. The underground is just up the road, as are the buses. And it's convenient for west end, Covent garden, Leicester Square. It is reasonably priced, not luxurious, but definitely good value. I shall most definitely return! Oh, just to add, my mum &amp; I travelled back to hotel from the theatre by RICKSHAW!!! It was hilarious, a fun trip &amp; only a fiver!	
May 5 2007 	Best in London for the price	I have been using St Giles Hotel for about 10 years and have absolutely no complaints whatsoever. You get what you pay for and in the case of St Giles, you get a whole lot more than at other hotels I have paid double the amount. The rooms are small, no question about it and it can be very hot and noisy during the summer as there is no air con in most of the rooms and if you open a window, the sound of the streets is overwhelming. That's because it's in the best location in town, right slap bang in the West End. I have stayed at some of the world's best hotels but for the money, St Giles beats them all - I just returned from a 2-day stay at £88 per night, upgraded to one of the hotels few executive rooms which included full buffet hot and cold breakfast in the rate (HotelsRus.com). I notice that some of the rooms are now being offered with flat screen TVs, aircon and full amenities, but obviously will be priced accordingly. Check the rate anyway as it's still going to work out cheaper than some of the fleapits masquarading as hotels in Central London. Rooms are always clean and well stocked, beds are comfortable and there are tea and coffee making facilities in every room. I wonder sometimes what some people expect for less than £100 P.N. in London?	
May 5 2007 	GREAT HOTEL- Highly Reccomendable!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	We've stayed in this hotel loads of times- Great Service, Very Clean, Got Upgraded for free once to a lovely little suite, EXCELLENT location, I can't believe some of the other negative comments that people have put....It just shows that there are so many awkward guests out there that are usually IMPOSSIBLE to please!!!!	
May 1 2007 	good central accomodation	hiWe found this hotel to be clean and suitable for our needs. Check in was quick and easy and our room was suitable for our needs which was as a base whilst we were in London for 3 days. The breakfast was a reasonably priced buffet with a selection of just about anything juice, cereal, croissant, bacon, sausages, hash browns, and eggs anyway you like them as long as it scrambled. The bed was comfortable and the shower was okay never really hot but suitable. The lifts took a long time in the morning and it was a long walk down the stairs, from our room anyway. The true appeal of this hotel would have to be the location. We were able to walk to the open air tour bus stop from the hotel which just happened to be next to the British Museum. We had to stop at this amazing art shop Cornellissen on the way and make a few purchases. We were able to easily walk to the theatre that showed les miserables and yes We Will Rock You is 2 doors down from the hotel. There is a Boots and Sainsburys on the same street, as well as a lovely japanese restaurant around the corner.(cant remember name sorry). Probably a 10 to 15 minute walk from Covent Gardens. I am sure all hotels do this but these guys held on to our luggage after checkout until we came back that night about 8 pm and would not give it to us without the ticket which i think is a good thing even though it took us ages to find it. What more do you need.	
Apr 28 2007 	Perfect Downtown Location	We were extremely pleased with this hotel. The room was very clean and quite comfortable. The location was the best part of the stay. We were able to walk to nightspots and clubs and not have to worry about not being able to find a late night taxi or getting back before the tubes stopped running. The breakfast was also quite good. We have stayed at this hotel on several occasions and plan to return very soon.	
Apr 27 2007 	Don't bother unless you have a bottle of bleach!	I stay in London normally 2 or 3 nights per week , on business however on this occasion my usual hotel was fully booked. The only room available under £250 was at the St Giles. I should have taken this as a clue!The check-in was very slow and reception was ugly and gaudy. However when I finally got checked in I was really pleased when the receptionist explained that he had upgraded me free of charge to a suite. When I stepped out of the lift there was a musty smell as I got closer to the room the mustiness was replaced by the stench of drains, which increased as I got closer to the room. On opening the door it was absolutely clear that the smell was eminating from the toilet in the room. The entire bathroom was filthy, I immeadiately called reception who advised this was the only room left in the hotel, that housekeeping were not available and that as such they couldn't even provide me with cleaning products to clean the room myself.The &quot;suite&quot; consisted of two rooms the first was marginally bigger than the double bed housed in the room, the second had a small sofa which if you sat on your knees were touching the other wall.Having called round a number of hotels and finding no availability I was left with no choice but to stay, in order to do so I used an entire bottle of perfume trying to mask the stink.Suffice to say I wasn't brave enough to risk breakfast the next day assuming that the clenliness of the kitchen was probably questionable if the rooms were anything to go by!Seriously this place is a hovel, whilst it may be £10 cheaper than some hotels in the city, you'll spend more than that on cleaning products so its a false economy.	
Apr 26 2007 	ideal location for short city trip basic amenities	It has all been said in other reviews: situation of the hotel is right in the centre, so you can walk easily to soho, chinatown, trafalgar square, british museum,... A 3-store bookshop nearby closes at 23.00h: perfect for my 14 yr old son who didn't want to go to bed too early but is still too young to go clubbing... And the breakfast is more than &quot;continental&quot;. Downside: the rooms are not too spacious, there is no a/c, no bath (only shower), the lifts are indeed very slow (we took the stairs). But if you are not intent on staying in your hotel too long (and who does in London?), the location makes up for all this.	
Apr 24 2007 	Great!!	After reading the reviews on TripAdvisor I thought the Hotel was going to be terrible but when I got there I was amazed! Its right near Oxford Street great for shoppers!! Walking distance to all the tourist places and walking distance to great pubs and clubs!!! The hotel room was a twin and wasn't small or smelly it was very clean, the window was a bit small so during the summer months i can imagine the room be very stuffy! The only problem we had was a bit of noise on the Monday morning from some construction work but other than thati enjoyed my stay and will return soon!	
Apr 23 2007 	Not what it was	I booked the St Giles because it was convenient for where I was going and I'd stayed there before several years ago. On arrival, it took ages to check in because there were only three staff on the desk and a crowd of about 25 wanting to check in. They didn't seem to have the people or systems to process guests quickly. I'd provided all my details (name, address and credit card) on the website when booking, but I still had to complete a manual form. They still take prints of your card and don't have chip &amp; pin equipment for cards. Checking out was also slow.They claim to be the biggest tourist hotel in London, and they have four very slow lifts. When I was there, it seemed like only one or two were working, which is poor for a high-rise hotel. I stood in the lift lobby on floor 5 and, having seen one lift go up from 5, had to wait for the same lift to come down again. I'd use the stairs, but not with my luggage.The single room was tiny, which is fine, but warm and stuffy. You can open the window (there's no air con), but the traffic and street noise is loud, until after midnight. Fortunately, they had provided a desk fan, which I left running all night.This hotel was fine when they were charging GBP79 per night, but it is now overpriced for what it offers in terms of comfort and service.	
Apr 14 2007 	worst rooms ever !!	worst rooms have ever stayed in,small is an understatement,dirty,cold shower and noisy!	
Apr 10 2007 	Okay for a short stay!	The hotel on the whole was good, very clean and comfortable. The twin room was small but ideal for an overnight stop. Plenty of wardrobe space but no bath. After spending the day sight-seeing and walking the streets of London I'd have loved a soak in the bath but alas a shower only! The big disappointment was the breakfast room. I was surprised to find the eating area not large enough to accommodate the size of the hotel. We had to queue to enter the breakfast room then it was a struggle to find a clean table. Fried breakfast was as option but scrambled eggs only. There was no toast available although there were plenty of cereals and bread rolls. Overall the hotel was acceptable and I'd recommend it.	
Apr 9 2007	A Mixed Bag	My my my - isn't London a big place? Yes, of course it is. So you will be pleased to hear that you can stay right in the very center (well almost) of it at a reasonable price. Provided you choose the St Giles.The hotel is located on Bedford Avenue (between Holborn and Camden Town), the intersection of Tottenham Court Road and Oxford Street is a mere 100 meters away. You have access to the Tube via Tottenham Court Road Station (Central and Northern Lines). Oxford Street, Soho, the British Museum, Leicester Square, and even Piccadilly Circus are within a comfortable walking range.There is a variety of restaurants and snack bars in the vicinity, athough for a REALLY good meal I recommend the Marsala Zone, which is a bit further down Oxford St (on Marshall St, off Oxford Circus) and serves an amazing range of Indian specialties at a competitive price.Staff at the St Giles are generally helpful and the concierge service is above par. Breakfast is served buffet-style in a large breakfast room not unlike a company cafeteria or college dining hall. A good choice of hot and cold breakfast options, cereals, hot and cold drinks.So why have I not given the St Giles an &quot;above average&quot; rating? Simply, in one word: the ROOMS. Now, if you've read any of my other reviews, you will know that I'm not the kind of person who pays for budget accomodation and expects the Ritz. I also basically need my room for sleeping or napping, but not for much more.However, I do take offense when I check into a room and find the previous occupant's humongous TURD swimming in the toilet bowl. Ok, water pressure can be a bit low in London but this just tells me that room service did not bother to have a look (and probably didn't do a very good cleaning job in the first place). However, during the rest of the stay room service was ok. Maintenance staff also went out of their way to fix the door of our in-room safe and were very quick about it, too.Sheets were clean but there was a slightly musty smell in the corners of the room. Which leads me to something else: The room felt stifling hot (and this in April). I can't bear imagining what it must be like in August as there is no a/c and the windows do not open all the way.Wrapping it all up I do believe that the St Giles is a very good deal if you want to be in central London and are not willing to spend too much money. Just bring a fan and some air freshener and you'll be right as rain.	
Apr 6 2007 	Ideal for weekend	Mar 31st -April 2ndWe stayed in the St Giles Hotel for 2 nights mainly to see We Will Rock You at the Dominion Theatre which is a stones throw away.We found it to be very clean with good service from staff, the location is excellent for central London and we were able to see many sights easily on foot.We had arrived at the hotel with a good deal of trepidation having seen dreadful reviews on several websites claiming the hotel was dirty with bad service, these could not have been more wrong.The only things if we were being picky were noise at night especially Saturday from passing revellers which you expect in central London and breakfast a little chaotic on Sunday morning, (it was better on Monday) but quite adequate with a good selection of choices.B Rose Sittingbourne Kent	
Apr 5 2007 	Very central and good value for money in rip-off London	I found the hotel to be very good and the only real complaint was that the pool was closed for maintenance, which was very annoying as this was one reason for booking the hotel. Our room was spacious and practical and had everything you could want. Reception staff were courteous and helpful and soon arranged for a blocked sink to be repaired promptly. This is a very big and very busy hotel, so breakfast was very busy, but there was a good range of food and staff worked efficiently to keep the dining area clear and clean. Because the hotel was so central we walked everywhere but were rather stunned that on the one occasion we did use the tube( when arriving from the station) it cost us £4 each, £4 being the minimum fare. Needless to say we walked back to the station!!! I know that a travel card costs just over £5, but we didn't need one. Cannot echo any of the criticisms contained in previous reviews. This visit confirmed for us that London truly is one of the most expensive cities in the world, but the St Giles is good value.	
