	Did not meet expectations	I chose this hotel as the Hilton in Canary Wharf is ranked so highly in the tripadvisor reviews. However, I was quite disappointed. On the other hand, upon arrival at midday we were informed that there were rooms available, which seemed like a great start to our stay. I had made a request as it was my anniversary but clearly it was completely ignored which I was a little angry at. For a standard room it was quite large with a lovely bathroom. It was very clean but I immediately noticed that the bed was quite small and low. In other Hiltons around London, the beds are very big but this was notably much smaller than the others which I was disappointed about. Another problem was that the fan kept switching itself on no matter how many times we would switch it off so throughout the night, it was very cold. Usually at breakfast, after being seated a waiter/waitress immediately offers either tea or coffee and introduces the buffet selection, however this was not the case as we waited for a while until getting fed up and eventually asked if we could have some tea. The breakfast had lots of choice of fruit/pastries/ cereals etc. however the hot food did not look very appetising. The dirty plates were not removed from our table either which meant we had very limited space. So overall the breakfast service was not up to standard.Overall, I think there are much better hotels that deserve to be ranked above this particular Hilton and I don't think I would recommend it and probably won't return.	
	Great Hotel...	Stayed here for 1 night in late November and found the hotel to be of very high quality. We arrived quite late, but were checked in extremely fast and also given a free upgrade to an executive room, which was a great surprise. The room itself was lovely. Very spacious, with a large tv, ample storage space and a spotless, well equipped bathroom (with an excellent shower). The view wasn't the most scienic, with a lot of construction work going on, but I can't fault the hotel for that, nor was any noise heard because of it. We decided to go for the dinner and breakfast package, which we felt worked out as good value for money, at £50 extra. The dinner in the Cinnamon restaurant downstairs was delightful, delicious and came with excellent service. And the breakfast was a really excellent buffet, with something to suit all needs (the breakfast costs £20 each if not prebooked). The staff were extremely helpful, especially the concierge, who can provide you with plently of transport maps, cinema times, tour intineraries and general know how. As for location, the hotel is very well served by transport links. South Quay DLR station is about a 1 minute walk from the hotel, where you can get to almost anywhere in the docklands area. Or you can walk for no more than 5 minutes to Canary Wharf tube station, from where you can get a tube directly into the city center, or if going to the o2, which is only one stop in the opposite direction. Canary Wharf is mainly a business district, but does also have many good places to shop, eat and entertain. About 5 minutes away form the hotel, is the Canada Square shopping center, which boasts many high end and budget shops and also a large Waitrose (grocery store). They also have an ice rink outside, which is great fun and costs £9pp. A further 5 minutes away is Jamie's Italian (Jamie Oliver), a fantastic restaurant, at a really modest price (Main, side, drink = approx £15 pp), but be aware that the restaurant does not take reservations, so a wait can be common, but worth it!All in all, we had a wonderful time at the Hilton Canary Wharf. If we were returning to that area of London, we would absolutely return to this hotel. Beautifully furbished rooms, excellent and helpful staff, delicious food and convenient location made our stay a memorable one.	
	Quality Hotel	We stayed here in order to catch an early flight out of City Airport. The Hilton is really well located in Canary Wharf. Right next to the shopping areas and all the restaurants.The rooms are well appointed with a comfy bed and a decent high pressure shower.The restaurant is doubtless a good one but you can go for something much more modest in the surrounding area if you prefer.The hotel was very quiet which was great as my partner is a light sleeper.The one moan I have about this hotel is the breakfast we ordered room service didn't turn up in time - we had a v.early flight and I wanted my coffee at 5.30am. They don't even begin until 6am. However I doubt this would matter to most visitors.A good example of a Hilton doing what they do best for business travellers.	
Nov 20 2009	Loved the ambience	Very good location with great view. I booked a twin bedroom for 125 pounds and was woth the money. The breakfast was equivalently tasty. Will definitely choose this hotel for my next visit	
Nov 16 2009 	Superb London Hotel	My wife and I stayed at the Hilton on Canary Wharf for one night recently. It was brilliant.Firstly the location is great for the O2 and for Greenwich, one of the best sights in the whole of London. South Quay DLR is opposite the hotel and the Jubilee line tube is a short walk from the rear of the hotel. Also, the buildings of Canary Wharf are worth a visit just on their own.The room we had was a superior double on the 9th floor. It was huge and very well equipped and spotlessly clean. We booked the room through an online agency and got a very good deal with full breakfast included - and the breakfast was good with excellent service.All staff were polite and helpful and the Concierge service was very useful.We parked our car in the underground car park. This was secure and clean but cost £20 for a 24hr period. We thought it was worth it as our room deal had been so good.We will return to this hotel again as soon as we can.	
Nov 15 2009 	Gorgeous roomlovely staff but confusion with the booking.	I stayed at the Hilton canary wharf in London for 1 night for my partners birthday.When we first arrived staff welcomed us nicely and were very friendly.WARNING: you have to pay £50 when you check in just incase you use room service but it is refunded!!I had booked an executive room with adv purchase for £159.85 and printed the confirmationWhen the lady looked on her system it showed that i booked a double room(why).I showed the confirmation again and she said it was a fault on hotels.com website!!Anyway i still got the room that i payed for on the 14th floor(executive).When i booked i didnt include the 15.00 extra for the English breakfast because continental breakfast is included already but then front of house said that English and continental is free,i was happy........when you book executive don't pay 15.00 extra for English because you get it free anyway in the buffet.Room: Gorgeous,spacious,clean, lovely decor,widescreen tv (picture not great but good enough) but the view was lousy (looking at office blocks and a car showroom) we could handle that because the room was VERY NICE,exactly the same as the website.Room service is expensive and we didn't touch it,they even charge an extra £3.50 that you have to pay to bring the food on the tray.Our room included going to the Executive lounge so food and drink was included which was great.Breakfast: Big selection,breads,rolls,cakes,bacon,hash browns,egg,salmon,ham,different juices etc which is buffet style and open between 7 and 11 am.Light lunch is light: Some sandwiches,sushi and nachos,hot and cold drinks(they could have done with more selection) served between 3 and 5.30Dinner: wide choice of alcohol and soft drinks,some lovely samosas,nachos and sushi.served between 6.30 and 9.Lounge was clean,modern and nice....internet access,staff friendlyGym: A nice clean mini gym e.g two of each machine,open 24hours which was great.Sauna and steam room was nice and cosed at 11pm.Whilst we were booked there we travelled to the 02 which is nearby on the tube.Had a very pleasent stay and would go back.	
Oct 18 2009 	lovely	Although we live only 20 mins from London we wondered what it would be like to be tourists for a few days. On arrival at the hotel we were very impressed at the courteous service, when we got to the room we were amazed, massive bed, plasma TV, bottles of water and fresh flowers. The room was air conditioned and also appeared to be sound proofed as we could not hear a thing on a busy day at Canary Wharf. Breakfast was wonderful , you could eat as much as you wanted.Only down side is that drinks in the bar are extortionate prices, do they really have to be so overpriced?All in all we loved our stay at the Hilton, sheer luxury!	
Oct 16 2009 	Look nowhere else	Great hotel. The reviews are spot on. Cant wait to stay again when in London.Right beside transport links, close to the city.	
Oct 14 2009 	Excellent Hotel right next to the Tube - Perfect!	My fiancee and i went on a 2 night, 3 day trip to london and stayed at the Hilton Canary Wharf for both nights on a Bed and Breakfast Rate. The check in when we arrived was super fast, literally took 20 seconds to get our key cards and sign a form.We then got straight in the enormous super fast lifts to our 9th floor room which was overlooking the Thames and the Bridge.The room was absolutely massive, with double bed, comfortable chair, desk incorporating a hair dryer, mini bar (items at cost), tea and coffee making facilities with biscuits, television, alarm clock with radio, an array of lamps and lighting and a good sized wardrobe with an iron and ironing board and a safe.The bathroom again was a lovely size, shower was brilliant and plenty of fresh clean towels, they also supplied us with lovely Crabtree and Evelyn shower gel and shampoo etc.The breakfast was fantastic again, seated straight away and offered tea and/or coffee and orange juice at the table, after that it is just a help yourself buffet with a great variety of hot and cold foods and different juices. They also offer pancakes, belgian waffles and porridge at your request, we had the pancakes both days and they were lovely and came to us within 3 minutes.All in all the hotel is perfect, not only that but the location to the Canary Wharf Tube is only a 5-10 minute stroll, and if your going quickly it only takes 3 minutes as we found out.The shopping centre is also connected to the tube station and this itself would take a whole day to get around.Bus stops are also outside the tube station which is only across the footbridge.	
Oct 12 2009 	Great Stay close to the Action	We have a great time staying at this hotel. Was right outside of the DLR and took us into town on a short ride. Room was large and very modern. Super clean. The one negative was that they charge for Internet. 15 pounds a day! I paid for one day but eventually found that cafes and restaurant nearby have free wi-fi.	
Oct 4 2009 	Great Hotel great location	I stayed in Hilton LOndon Canary Wharf with my boyfriend for his birthday..great convenience to central london. The room was very large and clean with great bathroom and the hotel staff were most helpful. The only thing i could possibly say is that it wasnt entirely suitable for a romantic getaway. The decor is very modern and cold and not really suited to a romantic weekend but really, i would be grasping at straws. Would be perfect for a business trip as there is a desk and internet access in room. Like i said, everything else was perfect and i struggle to think of anything negative to say.	
Sep 30 2009 	Location..location	Excellent service, parking on site..good access to Canary wharf, O2 and the West End.Clean, modern and spacious rooms. Good concierge.Did not need to eat in as many restaurants in the area..including a new Jamie Oliver.	
Sep 24 2009 	Very high levels of service - excellent location	We normally stay in other parts of London but because we arrived rather late in the afternoon on City Airport we decided to stay near Canary Wharf. Being HHonors gold we considered the Hilton Canary Wharf and the Hilton Docklands. Although the latter having a pool, we opted fot this one - being more conveniently located and must admit: we were not at all disappointed.It took us only 20 minutes from bagage claim to check-in of the hotel. We were invited to check - in upstairs, since we got upgraded from standard guestroom to an executive room. The room had everything we would expect from a decent hotel room with a very good bed on the positive side but no possibility to open the window and an uninspiring view of a highrise under construction on the down side. Very surprisingly the hotel does not offer WiFi in your room, only cable connections ad GBP 15 p/day.I would like to stress though, that we were very positively surprised about the consistent very high levels of service we encountered. All members of staff we met went out of their ways to accomodate our requests concerning pE later check-outs or special requests for housekeeping. After a stressfull day, this cannot be valued enough.Location of the property is good. DLR South Quay is in front of the hotel and Canary Wharf tube station is a 5min walk via the footbridge. The nearby mall (Canada sq) has a decent amount of shops and restaurants and if you intend to self-cater there is a 24h ASDA Supermarket 8mins or 1 DLR station away.We used breakfast in the lounge - it was a standard Hilton-breakfast, good quality and a decent choice. At the end of the morning some more attention could be given to stocking up items which already ran out. Once we had tea in the lounge, which was excellent. Very abundant choice of sandwhiches and sweets/cakes were available.All in all I would definately recommend this hotel for business travellers and tourists who not necessarily want to be in central London all time. Considering the rate we had - it was definately value for money.	
Sep 22 2009 	Liked it!	Having never stayed in here before, I had my reservations, but the reception staff were most welcoming and the food on offer - although the bog standard Hilton menu, was well cooked. For london hotel I thought it was quite resonably priced, in summary I would stay here again.	
Sep 14 2009 	Bland	I was hoping for better things. We stayed in a Queen deluxe room. Much bigger, but lacking in warmth or a quality feel. Bed mattress had seen better days - creaky and lumpy. Complimentary (but very small) bottles of mineral water included in rate. Whoopee. You could help yourself to a larger bottle but you'll be charged £4 as soon as you break the bottle seal. Ouch. Don't think about opening the mini bar. &quot;Kerching&quot; on the bill otherwise. Public areas not bad, though the corridor on our floor stank of cigarette smoke. Car Park is £20 for 24hrs (not £15 as quoted by Booking.com). VAT is not included despite the agents claim that it was. A Taxi to the West End will cost you between £25 and £35 each way) Wired internet is £15 for 24hrs PLUS VAT.Location wise, very quiet, and as other reviewers have said, its very near the DLR station, and a short walk from the Thames Clipper service.Its probably OK for business execs during the week. I would not stay again though.In fact I might avoid Hilton's altogether. The price quoted is NOT the price you'll end up paying. Won't be long before you are charged to use the aircon or the TV in the rooms.	
Sep 12 2009 	One of the most pleasant hotels stays ever because of the great staff!	After a long overnight journey across the Atlantic and a long trip from Heathrow to the hotel, we were pleasantly checked in at the hotel. I had brought medicine with me that needed to be refrigerated and the conceirge had a refrigerator I could leave it in. Our room was very nicely decorated and there was a double bed and a comfotable chair. There was a minibar for those who wanted to use it, coffee and tea maker and a HDT flat screened tv. The bathroom was good sized with a big tub and a full assortment of shampoos.We knew that we were going to get breakfast with the room but were very surprised to find that it was a full buffet breakfast. The buffet had everything one could possibly want including someone who made omlets to order, all types of cereals, pancakes, french toast, fruits, lox, assortments of juices, even sparkling water. It was better than one could find on a cruise. The rate we got for all this was excellent since Hilton had a special, stay one night, get one night free. I must commend the conceirge staff. They were incredibly helpful, answering any questions and making reservations as needed always pleasantly. The staff made the stay excellent.Only thing to watch out for are extra charges. The internet is expensive as is use of the minibar. Make sure you don't store anything in the minibar, since I put a little yogurt in it and they charged 9.5 pounds additional, but later removed the charge. They do have a free gym though but one must pay to use the business center.The location at Canary Wharf is a little out of the way of Central London, but there is an underground station very near by and the area contains many stores and restaurants. Also, there is an area of the wharf which seems to be popular with sophisticated young singles. It is a nice area to walk around, along a canal.	
Sep 5 2009 	Really nice hotel great for business and leisure	Stayed for three nights for a sight-seeing trip to London.Great rooms- modern with all you could needGood location - right near jubilee lineFantastic breakfast- if a bit crowded at timeBar and room service was very expensiveWould consider executive next time to have the use of the bar and free drinks	
Aug 18 2009	First class in every respect	I was with a group and we appeared to get an excellent deal. The hotel is excellent, modern and spotless with very friendly, helpful staff.Fabulous rooms with HUGE beds. Great choice at buffet breakfast.An excellentstay, would definitely go again	
Aug 18 2009 	Excellent!	I loved this hotel! We were greeted late night with a very friendly and helpfull staff. We stayed at the &quot;double guestroom.&quot; It was a loot more than we expected or have ever seen (we're used to normal turist-hotel). We had a great view!The breakfast was also amazing. There were various kinds of food - I had to taste it all!All in all, a very lovely hotel - I would definitly come back and recommend this to everyone going to London! The DLR is right outside the hotel (without being noicy for Hilton-guests), and the Jubilee line is not far away either. The skyscrapers in Canary Wharf are so amazing, and the atmosphere is very relaxed tough it is a buisiness-area.	
Aug 17 2009 	rather lovely but not cheap	Spent two nights at this hotel having booked through a buy one night get one free offer with Expedia. We stayed in an executive King room which also gave us access to the executive lounge.The room itself was lovely with a view of the London Eye and Tower Bridge, the bed was huge, and the bathroom was also huge.We checked in through the executive lounge and the staff could not have been nicer, the complementary drinks and canapes were a lovely touch.My only slightly negative comments would be the price of drinks at the bar, and the queue for breakfast, breakfast itself was a vast selection to suit the international clientele - although avoid the vegestarian sausages - I don't know what they are made of, but they are nasty.Overall we would return, but only if a similar offer was available.	
Aug 17 2009 	All you can ask for (if you're not a Diva)	Stay Time: 3 nightsPackage: Stay (one bedroom, double bed)+BreakfastSince opinions are a very subjective matter and are based on our own very intimate experiences and expectations, I will try to accompany every opinion with an example, so that it will be the user who finally comes to a conclusion. I hope you will find this useful.Reception: Check in was fast (less than 5 minutes). Staff was high standard: multilingual personnel, always smiling and asking if any more help was needed.Hotel appearance: To me it looked very &quot;business&quot; stile: typical hotel like from the 80s decorations, nothing peculiar. Elevators are relatively big and fast: there are 3, always working. Lobby is wide; floor is polished and all is very clean.Floor status: Carpet all over the corridors, clean. No peculiar decorations. Smell a little to old wood.Room: Big enough for me, but I do understand that standards can vary. Bed was double size, with 2 side tables and enough space to move around it. Big mirrors, and writing desk included. Big windows (half the wall) with long double curtains, all the way down to the floor. Bathroom not too big, but with bathtub, toilet, shower, etc. Towels were always clean. Products are provided every day. They seem good quality ones to me. Environment: notes about caring for the environment can be found in the room, which I thought was nice... even if it would be nicer if we paid attention to them and tried to really care for environment.Breakfast: Served on time. Staff is awesome and nice. They will accompany the customer to the table, and provide them with coffee, tea and orange juice. The rest is buffet style. Food quality was more than fine to me. Negative spot: milk is served cold, which will make your coffee cold quickly. You can have hot milk, but you will have to request it. Continental and full English breakfast are offered (for now, check for availability when you book): you can have all that you want. Room Service: I asked for room service twice. The first was Greek salad, burger, salmon wrap, prawn cocktail. Everything was nice. Negative Spot: the Greek salad came with lots of onion and peppers. So, 2 things: it did NOT say those ingredients in the menu and Greek salad traditional recipe does not come with such ingredients. Second time, club sandwich, Caesar salad, salmon side dish, &quot;antipasta&quot;. So, they write &quot;antipasta&quot; instead of &quot;antipasto&quot; in the menu. Caesar salad was very bad: lettuce was not well opened, sot the leaves came attached all together with one another in the plate. Dressing was strange: I'm not sure how to describe it, maybe it had too much garlic, but the problem was the lettuce, it was bitter, hard and way too cold, almost uneatable. I did not turned it back, because I know it can be a one-day-incident. Staff: really, staff was awesome, from reception, to room service, to restaurant, all of them: if life has been good to you be kind to them as they are with us customers, they are doing a job not being slaves. It's really upsetting when I see someone treating bad a waiter: the fact that they are at your service does not mean they're your servants. Overall: Good stay, nice experience.	
Aug 17 2009 	Couldn't fault it	We were travelling with our dog Barney. I had phoned ahead to check that he would be welcome. The staff were absolutely fantastic with him (he is the cutest dog in the world!) Our room was really big and very well designed. Breakfast was very good and well organised. All the staff were very friendly and efficient. We had a great stay.	
Aug 15 2009 	Excellent	Had an excellent 2 night stay at this hotel after booking a last minute 2 for 1 deal. Great location, less than 5 min walk from underground and train stations and plenty of bars and shops on the door step. Will definitely return here.	
Aug 12 2009 	Wonderful experience	Our friends came for a visit and we wanted to take them to London. The decision to stay in Hilton was because of the high rating and reviews on tripadvisor on the one hand and because of the price on the other hand. The hotel is very nice.We stayed overnight so our room was a double, our friends stayed for 3 nights in a junior suit, which was lovely. The every day compliments from the hotel, nice breakfast and helpful staff made our trip wonderful.Unfortunately on the weekend the Jubilee line did not run due to works, but we used DRL that was also quite convenient.Overall the Hilton Canary Wharf is very good value for money.P.S. Internet in the rooms is very expensive!	
Aug 8 2009 	Very Nice Hotel	I've stayed at the Hilton Docklands several times and have always loved it. It's by far the best hotel experience I've had in the London area. It's quiet--I've never heard anything from another room, never heard doors slamming, etc. Lovely staff. As a Hilton Honors member I've been given an upgrade to a lovely room each time I've stayed here. Great executive lounge. It's easy to get into London on the tube. Highly recommended!	
Aug 5 2009 	nice hotel	nice hotel . near by the center of london , near the under ground and boat is possible to take. Locaton by the thems, very nice :)	
Aug 4 2009 	All Hiltons should be this good!!!	Our stay for 2 nights in the Hilton Canary Wharf was perfect. We both love this place.We upgraded to an executive room for £10 extra per room per night and it was worth every penny. The executive lounge is brilliant; free food, free drinks and free internet access all day! Free soft drinks during the day and free alcoholic drinks aswell after 6pm. Theres no 'manned' bar in the executive lounge, you simply help yourself to all the food and drink you want!Breakfast in the main resturant was lovely and faultless. In other 4 / 5 star hotels we've stayed at in London, you have to queue for your food and go back to the cooked buffet breakfast bar again because there were no sausages or hash browns left for example. Not here, plenty of food for everyone!Upgrading to the executive room and lounge for me was the icing on the cake staying at this hotel. It is modern, clean, the staff were all very helpfull and plesent with us. What more can you ask for! Cant wait to go back!	
Aug 4 2009 	Great hotel - great value	The Hilton really is a gem. Brand new and very spacious. The rooms are clean, modern and well equipped. To get the space of their standard room in a central London hotel, you'd need to book a suite! Location is fine - yes, you are 20 mins on the tube (right outside the door) to central London but to me that was no big deal. To be staying in a new, quiet and comfortable hotel far outweighed that. And remember there is plenty of shopping and great restaurants in Docklands too. Everything ran very smoothly and the staff were friendly and efficient. I only ate breakfast there and that was fine - the ususal buffet but with a decent selection.	
Aug 3 2009 	Fantastic Hotel!	I have nothing negative to say about the Hilton at Canary Wharf. From the moment we got there, the staff were helpful and friendly; they couldn't do enough for you. We were booked into an executive room and it was stunning, spacious, clean and luxurious. The bath robes and slippers were lovely and the bathroom stunning, with a separate bath and shower. We had lovely views across London from our room. The Executive Lounge was amazing; with free drinks and food from early in the morning to late at night. Breakfast had a massive choice of both traditional English breakfast and Continental breakfast. There was a fabulous Indian restaurant nextdoor to the hotel which was beautiful; the food was great and obviously a perfect location for a meal and then return to the Executive Lounge for free drinks! I will definitely stay there again and would highly recommend this brilliant hotel to everyone.	
Aug 3 2009 	good hotel but internet access charges are ludicrous	Finding a reasonably affordable and quiet business hotel in London with decent sized rooms can be difficult. The Hilton delivered on all aspects of accommodation and the previous reviews do it full justice. However traveling on business Internet access just like running hot and cold water is essential to me. And here the Hilton fails miserably. They try to nickel and dime you with a GBP 15 charge for Internet access via one of those third-party operated in room connections. Nowadays one can get a full monthly subscription from a 3G broadband provider for the same price. I ended up using my 3G mobile connection instead. Even with roaming charges this was still cheaper to check a couple of e-mails this way.	
Aug 3 2009 	Excellent service from clearly well trained staff lovely room.	My eleven year old daughter and I stayed here and we loved every minute of it. Staff remembered my daughter's name and nothing was too much trouble for them. Executive lounge facilities were great - my daughter surfed the net while I had a couple of glasses of wine - all complimentary. Toiletries replenished daily. I guess if you stay in hotels like this all the time the novelty wears off but for us this was a special treat and we were not disappointed. South Quay station on the DLR is literally up the steps from the hotel so we tried to plan our trips round coming back to that station so that we were not walking around on our own at night, although Canary Wharf seemed like a good enough area to be in. Staff clearly well trained in customer service and it was disappointing to hear some of my fellow guests being quite rude eg complaining about type of wine on offer despite not having to pay for it!! Would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 22 2009 	I'm a hotel snob and I loved this place!	My husband, two year old son, and I stayed at the Canary Wharf Hilton last week for a total of 6 nights. I haven't been a big fan of Hilton Hotels in the past, but had Hilton points and wanted to use some of them on this trip. I researched all of the Hilton properties at Trip Advisor, and decided on this particular one. It's situated in the new financial district, and is not close to the main tourist areas, but you can catch the underground just outside of the hotel, and get anywhere you need go. My husband has gold status, and they upgraded our room without even having to be asked to do so. The staff was very helpful, and always pleasant. The room was twice the size of a standard hotel room in London, and it was well appointed. I have a new found respect for Hilton hotels, and hope they model some of their other properties on this one.	
Jul 14 2009 	What a let down	Situated in the middle of a building site with lovely views of construction workers and dustbins. Somehow in the middle of summer they managed to make the room so cold you needed a coat on indoors. No local amenities, unless you count the train out of there.Don't let the room rate fool you (£120 per person per day isn't cheap to start with, although we got a 'free' day on offer) - *everything* is extra. Parking £20 per day. Breakfast £20 per person per day... and that's just the basic cost to bring this hotel up to the level of its competitors. Forget the bar - a small glass of coke costs £3.50, and if you want any of the advertised amenities, well the internet access is another £15 a day. I don't even want to imagine what the gym costs.For £20 you'd think the breakfast would be something special.. think again. Undercooked scrambled egg, sausage so salty it needs a health warning... There's a reason the restaurant was almost empty every time I saw it.Hilton used to be a name you could rely on. No longer.. now it's just an excuse to nickel and dime you to death for below average service.	
Jul 7 2009 	smooth from start to finish - fantastic hotel	My friend and myself arrived earlier than check-in time expecting to just leave our bags but instead were greeted and able to check in straight away, we were even given an upgrade to an executive room (which was very nice-thank you) check-in was very smooth. We were in room 1221 which was lovely and very well equipped. The hotel has a lot of facilities such as gym, spa etc but as we only had an overnight stay we only made use of the gym. This hotel has the perfect location for the O2 arena which is where our destination was for the saturday night. Arriving late back at the hotel we ordered room service which was beautifully prepared and was delivered to the door in the 20 mins they said it would take! Following an undisturbed sleep we enjoyed a wonderful buffet breakfast which would satisfy all dietary needs. A fantastic hotel and would definitely hurry back!	
Jun 20 2009 	Lovely Hilton but beware the Jubilee Line!	Went to see Britney Spears.What should have been one stop on the Jubilee line turned into a massive trek through London because of a tube strike. I hope each and every one of them lose their jobs.As for the hotel, practically built on top of the DLR (South Quay station is at front door).Very nice and still looking new inside. Staff all very professional and helpful, particularly the duty concierge on June 6 (night shift), helping out with a takeaway. There isn't much of the way in shops/restaurants here later on, except the hotel itself.The room is typical of a Hilton, although ours was incredibly long for some reason. Everything as it should be, albeit a touch bland. Be warned there is a construction site around the back, we were lucky our stay was a Saturday night.The breakfast was an excellent selection and the cooked selection was delicious, unlike most chain hotel breakfasts. Also, waiting staff in attendance to assist was good.All in all, the hotel was a very pleasureable stay but perhaps a touch isolated for tourists.	
Jun 16 2009 	Absolutely brilliant	This was our third stay here and it retains its extremely high standards. We had an Executive room, allowing us access to the Executive Lounge, which is excellent. Perfect service every time and highly recommended. My only adverse comment would be the £20 car park charge. However,all cars are securely parked underground, with gate access controlled by the front desk staff.	
Jun 16 2009 	Absolutely Fantastic	Stayed here over a weekend while visiting london for the Britney Spears concert, and what a fantastic hotel, serivce was faultless, check was qucik and easy, we arrived at hotel at 10am and were allowed to check in that early as rooms were avail. Stayed in a standard room, which we got in the january sale, at around £70, room was fab, spacious, modern,. confortable, free toiletries, free water bottles on arrival, location was also brilliant right next to the DLR, tip- get off at south quay it is much closer to hotel than getting off at canary wharf stop, we made this mistake and was a slight trek to hotel, tube line was down during our stay, but this didnt affect us, was still easy enough to get around on the DLR and was cheap, through 2 dasy of using this, think we spent around £6 and we travelled alot!! , breakfast the next morning was out of this world, so much choice, everything was fresh and tasty, we had the hotel receptionist order us a taxi, and upon arrival of taxi, we were chuffered out of hotel and car doors opened/closed for us, felt like royalty. Overall beautiful hotel, top notch rooms, service and food, and would return in a heart beat.Thoroughly Impressed, good job guys!	
Jun 15 2009 	Perfect!	The hotel is really close to the South Quay DLR and underground stops, and so is a very convenient location for the O2 arena and central London,. The receptionist was very friendly when we arrived, and she gave us a free upgrade to a mini suite. The room was very spacious with a separate lounge area and a massive bed. There was a separate bath and shower in the bathroom, with plenty of towels and toiletries. The TV was a decent sized flat screen with the usual freeview channels. Breakfast was a buffet with a good selection of cooked items, cereals, fruit, pastries and cold meats. All the staff were very friendly and helpful. All in all, a perfect stay.	
Jun 12 2009 	Faultless!	My sister and I stayed at the Hilton Canary Wharf recently while in London for the Britney Spears concert. We both loved everything about the hotel and could not complain about anything!We had a twin executive room on the 13th floor, this meant we had an express check in and had free access to the internet and printer etc. We also had breakfast in the executive lounge which was really nice, quiet and relaxing.Our room was fantastic - exceptionally clean, spacious and fab contemporary decor. The bathroom was large, modern and sparkling clean. There was a great selection of toiletries etc and it was one of the few hotels I have been to where every single item we used was actually replenished the next day - it is so annoying when you use cotton wool pads to remove make up and the next day there are no new ones. Bathrobes and slippers were provided, complimentary mineral water and choccies on the pillows.The location is great for both the underground and DLR stations - unfortunately the Jubilee line was closed when we were there but if everything is working it is an absolutely fantastic place to stay if you are going to the O2 arena and the Jubilee Place shopping centre is a stone's throw away with French Connection, Reiss, Karen Millen - we were in heaven!Service from the staff was great and it was nice to use the sauna/steam room - the only way this hotel could be improved would be to have a swimming pool but that is honestly the only thing I could complain about!Loved it!!!!	
Jun 10 2009 	Will stay again	Stayed here June on Sun 7th June for concert at o2. I love the modern feel of the hotel,everything is new and clean. Breakfast is great. I would even stay here if not seeing anything at the o2. The best way to travel here is by thames clipper I think, it is a great trip up river and then about a 25min walk to the hotel (which is the only drawback if you are not a good walker). Will stay again.	
Jun 8 2009 	Wonderful staff	I booked into the Hilton London Canary Wharf as I was meant to attend a concert at the O2 Arena on the Saturday night (which was unfortunately cancelled). My concert tickets were posted direclt to the hotel in January, in error, and I was so impressed that the hotel put them aside for me without me asking and without even knowing the exact date I was staying at the hotel. When I checked in to the hotel, they went and got them and handed them to me immediately.The room was bright, clean, roomy and comfortable. There was a separate shower &amp; bath. Had a very nice breakfast in the hotel the next morning, with a good range of food.The staff were incredibly polite &amp; helpful the whole time. Concierge went out of their way to help us with choosing DLR &amp; metro routes around London.I would definitely consider staying at this hotel again, even if I wasn't attending a concert.	
Jun 6 2009 	It's Hilton! The 'Name' says it all!	Located at a walking distance from the Canary Wharf, its the best place to stay if your office of interest is in Canary Wharf.The view of the three financial giants at the Cabot Square is breathtaking.At the afternoons, you will find all the office going birds, humming together at the various joints.The DLR station is very near to the hotel and tube station as well, so if you are a tourist, you will never find a hard time reaching anywhere.The front office guys are very humble and helpful. You can feel the glitter as soon as you enter the main entrance.The rooms are very spacious and extremely comfortable.Room service is also very efficient.Overall an Excellent experience!	
Jun 4 2009 	One of the most friendly hotel I ever stayed in	&quot;We stayed 6 nights in this hotel in May with a break in between for a trip to the USA. The service was really good from the moment we stepped into the hotel to our checkout. The twin rooms, we occupied were a standard for our first stay and an executive for the return trip. Both types of rooms were good and spacious. The beds were comfortable but the mattresses were thinner than some of the other Hilton hotels we stayed in the USA. The bathroom in the standard room had a glass door in place of a shower curtain and one had to push out the glass door in order to step in or out of the tub. It appeared a bit tricky initially to whether to push the glass door in or out of the tub and how to support oneself after a shower. However, once we got over the first shower, it was alright. In the executive room, there was a separate shower and a bathtub.Just an observation though not a problem for us ( we sleep late at night), was one evening we heard footsteps coming from above our executive room on the 13th floor. On checking we found that our room was below some private rooms in the corridor next to the 14th floor executive lounge. If you are a light sleeper, avoid being assigned those few rooms.The staff we encountered from the people manning the concierge desk, reception, executive lounge and ground floor restaurant were not only helpful, friendly and warm toward us but were also perceived to be &quot;nice and helpful&quot; to each other. People could be professional and go about doing their jobs but the staff here appeared to be really working as a team. At the reception area one evening, I saw a guest who had just arrived being greeted warmly by a staff member from the concierge desk. However, the guest was really rude and ignored the staff member, who just smiled and went back to the desk. I thought that encounter was handled very well by the staff member, who probably did not take it personally.There was a good spread for breakfast and lots of fruits during our stay. There was access to the Executive Lounge throughout the day until 11 pm with snacks, drinks and free internet access when we stayed in the executive room.The DLR South Quay is situated next to the hotel and is convenient for trips to the Docklands area. The Tube is about 5 to 7 minutes walk away... a short walk from the hotel, over a footbridge and into Jubilee Place and across the road to the station to take the Jubilee Line. The short walk was more enjoyable on days when it was not so windy. On windy days, we took the DLR from South Quay to Heron Quays just one stop away and changed to the Tube or vice versa on coming back to the hotel. This was because we used the Oyster cards which allowed us to make unlimited trips, capped at a certain amount daily. The DLR stations are not manned and one must not forget and just get on the train without tapping the card at the &quot;Touch In/Out&quot; buttons. We were also told to place the card over the &quot;Touch in/out&quot; button at the DLR stations for at least 2 seconds for it to register, when one of our cards did not validate at the South Quay DLR station.The location of the hotel is quiet, away from noise and crowd of Central London. It is a fairly long ride by Dot2Dot to and from Heathrow Airport but we enjoyed the sightseeing along the way.&quot;	
Jun 2 2009 	#1 choice to stay on our next visit to London	My husband and I traveled for two weeks on vacation in Europe. In London we stayed for 3 days in this hotel and then 3 days in the Hilton Waldorf in the West End. Must say this hotel is the one we would definitely return to. My husband is a HHonors Diamond member and we were upgraded to an Executive Suite. The room was immaculately clean, modern, and had a nice view of the area. The location is superb as the hotel is located a stones throw away from the DLR &amp; and the Tube. We didn't mind at all taking the metro to go to the main tourist areas. We ate at the restaurant which is okay and somewhat bland; nothing to call home about. Comparing both of the Hilton properties we stayed in during our trip to London we will our choice for all return visits is the London Canary Wharf.	
Jun 1 2009 	Great location for the 02	Checked in at 1pm,great value for money (half price!) no noise from the DLR.Great location for the 02 even though Depeche Mode had cancelled!!Rooms were nice and clean with all amenities as you would come to expect at the Hilton.Lovely breakfast would return for the next concert.	
May 31 2009 	Good Price and Good Service	Stayed here for our visit to the 02 Arena. The gig was cancelled so we didnt end up going to the 02 but had a great 2 nights stay. Clean, modern and excellent breakfast and picked it up for £ 75 a night. Would stay again. Within walking distance to the bars in Canary Wharf and the DLR is right outside.	
May 26 2009 	Good Modern Hilton	A modern high-rise Hilton next to the bustling Canary Wharf area, no complaints on any item since everything went very smoothly. Out of all Hiltons in London this is likely in the Top 3. Still not quite 5 stars as such since in my books those are reserved for those Über Luxury pampering hotels such as Peninsula or Four Seasons. IMHO a bit too far away to really compete with central London hotels as such, but this one is far superior to Hilton Docklands nearby. Review is based on one night stay in May’09 (background of spending 80+ nights per year in different hotels around the globe) Location:Personally I would say this is a little bit too far from the “normal” sights of central London such as Oxford Street, British Museum etc. Also Heathrow is quite a long way from here. If the intention is to use the City Airport (maybe 15min DLR light railway ride away) and spend time in o2 Arena or Greenwich then of course the location is really ideal. Nearby is Canary Wharf mall, a couple of pubs and restaurants. Room:As HHonors Diamond member I was upgraded to an Executive Floor room in 13th floor which was OK size (globally speaking, big in London standards), very modern and spotlessly clean (as was the rest of the hotel). Welcome package included two bottles of water and a small selection of sweets. Bathroom was quite large with separate sections for bath and shower. Some noise from the DLR train even in 13th floor since the DLR track is basically hugging the hotel wall, apart from that there was very little noise. Service: The Executive Lounge was quite big and had a relatively good offering, including warm “light evening buffet” with rather large assortment of different complimentary alcohol beverages (between 6pm and 9pm). Lounge offers some nice views from the 14th floor towards Thames and central London sights such as London Eye. A special honorable mention must be given to the lounge for serving also the wonderful London Pride in addition to the normal tasteless bulk lager beers, first time ever in any Hilton Lounge! Check-in and check-out handled in the lounge. Etc: Breakfast in the lounge was quite OK, better and more extensive selection than in many other lounges encountered so far. Obviously downstairs in the “real breakfast” there likely would be more selection but for me this one did its job just fine.  Didn’t try restaurant or gym so cannot comment them. Value for money was very good since I ended paying for Executive Floor room incl. breakfast less than 100£Would I return there?Yes sure if I’m ever in the Canary Wharf area again.	
May 21 2009 	Excellent hotel with all that you need	I stayed at this hotel with my partner as we were on holiday and wanted to spend some time in London sightseeing. We booked a double room as they were offering a 'spring offer' which included breakfast. We arrived at the hotel 30 minutes before we were due to check in and they had a room available so we could check in early. Be prepared to pay a deposit for your room when staying at this hotel, this is for extras you may have or damage. There is no mention of having to pay a deposit when you book online so it was a bit of a shock to have to pay this although it is refunded within 7-14 days after your stay. Our room was on the 9th floor (room 912) and was quite big although we didn't have the best of views. The bathroom was really clean and had a bath with shower, washbasin, toilet and Crabtree &amp; Evelyn toiletries. The main area had the double bed which was really comfortable, a desk, a lounge chair and a flatscreen tv as well as two double wardrobes and ironing facilities. There were the usual tea and coffee making facilities as well as a minibar which we didn't use as it was quite expensive. Be warned that the minibar is computerized and if you move or take out an item you are automatically charged for it. I made this mistake but went and told the lady on reception who was very understanding and said she would remove the charge for us (I don't think I am the only person who has done this!) The location of the hotel is really close to Canary Wharf and it restaurants and bars although the hotel also has its own bar and restaurant which we didn't use only to have our breakfast. The breakfast is fantastic with a huge variety of food on offer including a full english, toast, cereals, yoghurts, fruit, the list goes on! I was really impressed that the food was colour coded so that you could see what was high in fat, low in carbs etc. Overall our experience at this hotel was super, the staff were very friendly and helpful and the rooms were fantastic. I would say that if you want to be nearer to the sights then you would probably be better off staying in the centre of london as this hotel is nearer for the O2 than say the London eye having said this, there are very good transport links to the centre of london and all its attractions. I would definitely use this hotel if I was staying in London.	
May 18 2009 	Great Place to Stay for O2.	Stayed here as we were visiting the O2, it was just one stop on the underground away. The room was very spacious a nice and light. The bed was really comfortable, the staff were very pleasant and helpful, check in was possibly the quickest I have ever had. The breakfast was excellent with a great choice of cooked and continental.I would definitely stay here again.	
May 16 2009 	Comfortable Clean and Spacious	Stayed here in April as part of my birthday treat, the room was a queen deluxe room booked at a good deal 50% off at the time they were offering, the room was really great very spacious and had good facilities including nice toiletries by crabtree evelyn large bathroom with robes, not sure whether we would have got a room just as good if we didnt go for deluxe but it was truly luxurious. Breakfast was buffet offering continental and english breakfast hot and cold basically whatever you fancied it was there and enough of it too. Would defos stay there again especially at the deal we got, it was easy to get too as well stop at canary wharf underground station a short walk through the shopping centre quite posh one with all the fancy labels and restaurants.	
May 15 2009 	A relaxing stay in an excellent location	This hotel is literally a stones throw from a DLR stop and a one minute walk from the Canary Wharf Tube station. The room was airy and spacious and well appointed. Lots of little details like La Source toiletries, a proper hairdryer and a seperate radio alarm clock helped make it a really comfortable stay. The bathroom was a generous size and the beds were extremely comfortable. All the staff were friendly and helpful, going out of their way to make our stay as effortless as possible. We arrived very early (11am) but checking in at that time wasn't a problem. We didn't eat in the hotel so i can't comment on the food. I would definitely stay here again.	
May 13 2009 	Very Nice Hilton/Good If You Like Business Type Hotel	This hotel was very nice. I have no complaints about the hotel itself. Staff were top notch. The complimentary breakfast was great (they even had vegetarian sausages!). The rooms were beautiful. The hotel is located on the rail line. Great hotel.I was dissapointed that I felt as though I was staying the middle of a large city's downtown area. There was little charm in this area. It felt just like downtown Seattle. I was in London to see the historical sites. If you are looking for London's charm....look elsewhere. You will feel as though you are in the middle of the business district. I stayed earlier in the week at cheaper hotel right next to St. Paul's Cathedral and was thrilled. You had the historical pubs, the historical sites and the charm! You may be dissapointed in the location of the Hilton if you are looking for &quot;old&quot; London. I have not complaints about this hotel, but I would have preferred a different location. It was my mistake for not doing my research.	
May 13 2009 	Modern clean high quality rooms	I have stayed in this hotel a number of times.This is a pretty new hotel in one of Londons financial districts Canary Wharf. Hotel is lovely, very modern and high quality finishes throughtout. Service was good in each of my stays although there were only for 1 night each time.This hotel is ideal for the 02 arena - it is only 1 stop on the jubilee line form Canary Wharf station.You can access the hotel via the jubilee line to canary wharf underground which is a few mins walk from the hotel. The DLR also stops just behind the hotel.If you are returning late at night and wish something to eat, there is a fantstic indian restaurant (the only place that will be open) directly across from the hotel entrance round the other side of the building. This restaurant also does takeaway, is much cheaper than ordering room service.	
May 10 2009	Hilton Canary Wharf London	My husband and I booked 2 rooms for to take my daughter and a friend to the O2 arena to see Pink. The hotel was easy to find (right next to south quay docklands light railway station) and was in an ideal position to stay for the O2. Unfortunately the jubilee line was down which made access to the arena harder but the hotel very kindly sorted out a taxi for us. We found reception staff very friendly and helpful. Both of our rooms were very spacious, clean, quiet and comfortable. In the morning we received a complementary newspaper which was a nice touch. Breakfast choice was the best we have had for ages in a hotel chain. It was lovely and hot, fresh and the staff yet again friendly and curtious. We will definately use this hotel again in the future. It was easy to connect to the undergound stations from the south quay station and on the Sunday we were in the centre of London within minutes. We have used devere and marriott hotels recently and found this hotel far superior in customer relations, cleanliness and value for money.	
May 10 2009 	Brilliant	Great hotel - massive rooms compared to the cupboards in the west endvey close to dlr, shops, restaurants, 02, and tubeideal for the 02 and the west endvery good breakfast, rooms and servicemy choice for our next stay in londonloved it	
May 2 2009 	NOT SO BAD BUT COULD BE BETTER	Wonderful position far from the chaos. No essential needs near but only one shopping center and the subway of canary wharf. Great personnel and kindness.	
May 1 2009 	Lives up to the Hilton Name	We stayed for 1 night to celebrate our anniversary in Jan 2009. Were looking for a hotel with good ambience and service, nice decor and cleanliness being top of the list! Its not easy to find such a package in UK at a reasonable price! hahaWe chanced upon the Hilton deal at £79 including breakfast and decided to try it out. It was the best decision ever. The DLR was a good transport mode linking to central london in 15min and the hotel was at the doorstep of the South Bank DLR station. Its also on the waterfront and has lovely cafes and shops just round the corner. Overall, the location was fantastic and very idyllic, relaxing. Canary Wharf DLR station (1 stop away, about 10min walk) also has Tesco and all the shopping, food u want.At check-in, we were upgraded with compliments when they knew it was our anniversary. The executive room was fantastic, you can't hear the DLR as we were on the 12th Floor. It was truly service with a smile and they addressed as by our names, a nice personal touch!Room had all you need, nice toiletries and bath robes (maybe its executive?).Breakfast was fantastic, service prompt and requests met with smiles. Night/ early Morning view of the harbour was beautiful, very surreal..In all, it truly made our day! Wished we had 1 more night there! Definitely coming back!Good job, Hilton Canary Wharf!	
Apr 23 2009 	GREAT STAY!	I booked this hotel through Hilton's website January sale and the prices were a complete bargain. we paid £60 each for three twin rooms for our party. When I later needed to add extra beds to two of the rooms as our group had extended to eight people, there was no problem and no extra charge for the extra children.we arrived at the hotel at about 1p.m. to find our rooms ready ( no lengthy wait at reception to check in) Also one of the rooms had been upgraded to an executive double which was an added bonus.All the rooms were large, comfortable, quiet and very well equipped. (good range of toileteries, complimentary still &amp; sparkling water etc)We had planned an evening at the theatre so we didn't eat at the hotel restaurant, but breakfast was good, fresh with an excellent choice of dishes. there was also no wait for tables, considering the hotel was busy that weekend.Both the reception staff and the concierge desk were friendly and helpful and nothing was too much trouble.The location is right next to South Quays station on the DLR. It is about five minutes pleasant walk to the Canary Wharf shopping complex and about 15 minutes walk to the River Stop for the Thames Clippers. (Incidentally, this is a great way to see London and get around - discounts off the River Roamer tickets if you hold a London Transport Travelcard. I think it worked out at about £5.75 for an adult unlimited travel ticket &amp; £3.75 for a child ticket)All in all - a great hotel, good location - particularly if you are visiting the O2 or London Docklands,	
Apr 19 2009 	Very nice!!	My stay at the Hilton Canary Wharf could not be better. Nice, cean and big room. Very professional and polite staff. Super reate GBP109 including a very nice breakfast.	
Apr 11 2009 	Hilton Sale Did Good-Shame there is Prohibition in The Executive Lounge	This is a bit of a long one, I'll try and let you know everything you need to know before going there.Price...Hilton were having a half price sale so we treated ourselves, it was 99 GBP per night, not per person.This price was for an Executive room over a weekend for 2 people.(One tip is check at lastminute.com they tend to have the best prices despite Hilton itself saying its full). Location...The Hilton it does say its situated at Canary Wharf but...if you are getting the DLR (Docklands Light Railway -its free to use with an underground pass) get the DLR to South Quay. The DLR South Quay railway is right next door to this hotel. It takes about 8 minutes to get to Greenwich or in the other direction about 15 minutes to get to Covent Garden/London Kings Cross.The Check InWe went to the desk downstairs at midday despite check in not being until 3pm. Thankfully our room was ready and we signed some documents downstairs and we sent upstairs to the executive lounge for priority check in. At the executive lounge, floor 14, we were shown around and had our lounge privlages explained to us (in broken English). *room deposit warning&lt;One thing I do need to point out is, they need to take a 100GBP deposit for the room for if you have room service or take anything out of the mini bar. We don't have a credit card so this money was taken off our debit card. We were on a tight budget so that 100 was earmarked for our spending in London so in effect we were 100 GBP down. We were told it would be credited to our bank account when we checked out, however it took over 48 hours to reach our account&gt;Our roomWe were in room 1308. It was a twin room, it had small lcd tv, reading lamps, main lights, comfortable seating, office area and also a view to the docklands and river to the left. There was a mini bar, tea and coffee making facilities (with a teapot!). In the bathroom there was a sink,bath and seperate shower, lots of Crabtree and Evelyn toilteries. White towels were provided aswell as waffle dressing gowns and slippers.Every evening our beds were turned down, new dressing gowns placed on the bed along side the slippers on the floor and chocolates on the pillow. There was also sparkling and still water complimentary also. Very comfortable beds, pillows a bit soft for me. From our room we did not hear any sound from the nearby DLR.(When compared with a bedroom downstairs, a double the double was only slighly larger and had a better view of the docklands river. The bed also had scatter cushions on it 1217.)Room Service&lt;price 3.50 GBP per room service&gt;We decided to order room service, an anti-pasta and a Chinese/Thai soup. My husband wanted an egg stired into his soup and the kitchen team were fine with that. Unfortunately our order arrived but we recieved penne pasta not the anti-pasta. We called down and explained. The head chef called us back to apologise, he gave us a free glass of white wine to make up for it and the new anti-pasta plate was there within 10 minutes. I would have prefered more bread with the anti-pasta but I like my bread. The food that was served was delicious and the catering team very accomodating of our requests. The waiting staff was very professional also in coming into our room &lt;and didn't look agast at the state it was-we're very messy!&gt;Executive loungeOur room included breakfast at this lounge or in the Cinnamon restaurant downstairs. We took it downstairs. The executive lounge has free computers and wifi. Aswell as comfortable chairs and dining areas. During the day soft drinks and tea/coffee with biscuits are available. 3-5pm afternoon tea is put out- one or two to different sandwiches and 2 different cakes aswell as dried fruit and nuts. No scones however. Again soft drinks and tea/coffee/ hot chocolate.Between 6-9pm alcoholic drinks are available free of charge (at no other times are they available) crisps, olives, nuts, dried fruit are set out also.I would have preferred alcholic drinks to be available the majority of the day as in other executive lounges I have been to. Also possibly more comfortable seating areas just four sofas for the whole room.The executive lounge team were very accomodating when we brought two guests in for a late afternoon meeting. They throughly looked after us all, clearing our tables and topping up the teapots! BreakfastOur breakfast was included with price we ate downstairs for it. When we arrived for breakfast we were shown to a table and brought tea and coffee as well as orange juice. There was a vast buffet... sausage,black pudding, haggis, scrambled egg, fried egg, bacon, beans, tomatoes, waffles. cold meats, smoked salmon or smoked makeral, smoothies, three different yogurt types, meusli and granola breads, croissants, danish pastries, muffins, fresh fruit of mango, pawpaw, melon, oranges, fruit compote, strawberries. Five different cereals and five different fruit juices. I think the Hilton claims they have 150 items on their breakfast buffet, I didn't count but there was more than enough to satisfy the majority of appetites be it business, leisure, low fat, children or special occasion.There was also a menu you could order from if you wanted something cooked to order this included kippers, porridge, poached eggs, waffles and eggy bread.We went at 8am both mornings and we didn't feel rushed and there were only about 10-20 guests there. Although on a Sunday the hotel advises you to go down early as its at its busiest between 8.30 and 10am. The GymWe did not use the gym/sauna or steam room. If you want to use these, tell reception when you check in so your key can be activated. Business CentreThe hotel does have a business centre with computers/fax machine available this is avaible on floor 1.Close ByWithin a 5-10 minute walk is a fantastic dim sum/chinese restaurant called The Lotus Floating Chinese Restaurant (just google), they have a set lunch Mon-Fri for 11 GBP which includes a platter of various starters, main course and dessert.There are also other eateries including Cafe Rouge and Wagamamas close by. With the DLR being on the doorstep you can get to any area of London quickly and easily although obviously don't go during rush hour if you can. A day pass on the DLR and tube is about 5 GBP for zones 1 and 2 which is great value if you are exploring London on a budget.If you have some spare time over your visit and you're a foodie, go to Borough Market open Thurs,Fri, Sat -London Bridge Station tube. Fantastic for organic and specilist foodsIt was a very good stay and the concierge was very informative on the local area. The location was very good as it was away from the fast pase of the city. The only things which made me mark the hotel down were the 100 GBP deposit and the alcholic drinks only available at certain times in the lounge and the very poor selection of food in the executive lounge.If the Hilton sale was back on, I'd definately book at this hotel or indeed any of the Hilton hotels.	
Apr 10 2009 	A Fine Hotel	Stayed here for a long weekend, feel-good factor there from beginning to end. Welcome and service very good. Great breakfast, special needs no problem, most helpful. Sorry to leave really!It would be wrong to comment on value, special rate in place.Location bit out of the way, but closeby DLR provided very frequent transport.	
Apr 8 2009 	Great Choice!	Stayed in late March/early April. We received Executive Floor accomodations &amp; Lounge privileges as Hilton Honors Gold members. Service here is extraordinary; we were even greeted by name as we entered the lounge each day. The hotel is located outside of the busy London center, a very easy commute by the Jubilee Line Underground. The DLR (light rail) is right outside, handy for an easy trip to Greenwich. It is a pleasure to return here after a busy day. Lots of shopping across the footbridge in the underground malls. Special thanks to Mr. Emerson, Manager, for his hospitality and caring nature.Concierge is most helpful; if you need assistance, ask Robin for suggestions; he's terrific!!	
Apr 2 2009 	Best hotel in London: executive room is the best tip ever!	We are just back from our romantic getaway weekend at this London hotel. I booked it with the 50% discount in january, but even with the normal rates this hotel is worth every penny!We were upgraded free of charge to a deluxe room and then we paid 30 GBP per night to upgrade ourselves to an executive room. Not only do these have a bot more room and bigger bathrooms, but also you get acces to the executive lounge, which was a real gem!ROOM: our room was extremely spacious for London standards! Cosy king size bed, free coffee and tea making facilities, slippers and robes, minibar, room service menu, free newspaper en free bottle of water every day. Also turn down service some nights.LOUNGE: thi is the real plus side: in this lounge they serve breakfast but also snacks and drinks for free! Well worth the upgrade fee! During the day they had biscuits and cookies out, fruit and you could make coffe or tea of just grab from the fridge with sodas. Around 3pm, they made for High Tea with sanwiches and cakes. After 6 pm they put out hot snacks, cold snacks, cheese and crackers, potatoe chips, fruit and nuts. AND in the evening also alcoholic beverages could be picked, for example Corona, other beers, wines, liqours. Apart from the free drinks and bites, we loved spending time in the lounge because of the coziness, quietness and the awesome view over London, especially nice in the evenings.Now, for people who spend every minute out and about, this lounge might not be worht it for you (closes pretty early on weekends, 9 pm) But if you are like us, and like to spend some time in the hotel, just relaxing and lounging, this is a must!LOCATION: Canary Wharf is up and coming. Sure, it is a 15 - 20 minute DLR ride from Bank to South Quay, or you can go via the underground, but it is a nice area in itself too. Not only for the O2, but also the area itself is nice. Visit the malls near the hotel, the terraces on South India Quays, stroll alongside the water, wtach the hustle and bustle of financial London. A great Indian restaurant is just alongside the hotel. Lots of nice restaurants in the neighborhood. But: if you are a great clubber maybe you should consider being more centrally located.The hotel is really no further than 5 mins walking from the underground, if you ask the porter/concierge, they will tell you how to walk easily. And if you want, the DLR station is NEXT to the hotel, so even closer. STAFF: that was also a real 5 star experience! The staff of this hotel is very friendly and extremely helpfull. The concierge guy downstairs always was happy to help, give tips, draw maps of where to go, arrange taxis etc. The lounge itself has also a staff member which went out of their way for us. FURTHERMORE: the breakfast was by far the most elaborate I have had. And you could even order more stuff, so we did order pancakes and they were nice and freshly made for us. A convenient system was in place for people to pick healthy of low sodium, or low cholestorol options etc. The fitness and business facilities we have not used, but looked good. Overall the hotel was spotless and nice, airy and roomy.I really can not find anything wrong with this hotel, but keep in mind that we are not big party people and we did not mind some public transport to get to and fro the city. For any questions, feel free to mail me.	
Mar 29 2009 	Nice hotel probably more suited to business than pleasure	Stayed for 1 night whilst attending a concert at The O2. Booked the hotel via lastminute and got a good rate. Upon arrival, we were informed that the Hilton carpark was full, and we'd need to park down the road at another hotel. This other car park was less than 5min walk, but charges £21 for an overnight stay! Check in was smooth, and we were advised that breakfast was included, which was strange considering we hadn't paid for it and the confirmation email mentioned nothing about it. Upon trying to get breakfast the next day, we were advised that breakfast wasn't included, and no one could explain why we'd been told it was. Needless to say, we weren't willing to shell out £20 for some bacon &amp; eggs! Location is near Canary Wharf, which during the week might be ok, but on weekend's it's dead around there. If you happen to be a banker then you might like it, but for a weekend away or holiday in London I would look more central.	
Mar 27 2009 	Great Hotel	Me and my family stayed here for one night to coincide with a trip to the infamous Ivy Restaurant. The hotel looks very new and is trendy, luxurious, clean and practical. It is only a 20 minute taxi ride from Central London but also in a nice quite location. It is only a minutes’ walk from all the great amenities that the Canary Warf area has i.e.: bars, restaurants and shops. Check in was great, it was completed within two minutes. The rooms were up to the usual Hilton great standard. The bar is also very good, even though it’s pricey (what do you expect it's a Hilton in London’s Business district) the drinks are of fine quality and the staff are well trained and friendly. The Breakfast is also very good with everything you would want from continental and English Breakfasts. In conclusion a very good hotel situated just outside of central London which can cater well for Business people and people seeking visiting central London.	
Mar 25 2009 	Boringly average - very expensive	We stayed for five nights in early March 09. My travel agent quoted 159pounds and when I checked in it was 249 pounds which I chased up and she had quoted me Hilton Dockland which is at Canary Wharf but accidently booked The Hilton Canary Wharf - I wasn't happy. We stayed in the exec floor and the lounge was good (Anand was amazing on the desk) but I think having the lounge means you drink more than normal and you force yourself to get value and come back to the hotel every night rather than exploring. The wireless is very expensive in the rooms but its free on the lounge so I think people could go to the lounge level and sit on the chair outside the lounge and download their emails for free! I found the rooms very 'vanilla' boring - normal four star wih no soul. If you want a safe plain four star hotel this is fine but I would try Hilton Docklands next time.	
Mar 22 2009 	Modern spacious and very comfortable in London's business district Canary Wharf.	Hotel: Modern comfortable business skyscraper hotel in the heart of Canary Wharf area. Mid-size lobby that expands back into the hotel restaurant area. Overall, a great top quality modern hotel for comfortable stays when visiting London. Particularly great if you get a great rate during non-business dates and prefer comfort and space over the &quot;history and charm&quot; of some of London's older, more British, hotel options. (which can be great, in their own different way)Room: Spacious, modern and very comfortable. Sitting area in each room and top quality linens, interiors and bathrooms. Big plate-glass windows overlooking the Thames (and rather industrial/business neighborhood).Location: As Canary Wharf is a business area, this neighborhood can be quite deserted during non-business hours. My stay, over Easter weekend 2008, found the neighborhood empty and the hotel only partly full. However, this didn't detract from the stay, as transportation throughout London was easy using the DLR rail, Tube, taxi or even the nighbus from the lively neighborhoods of Central London.Breakfast: Wonderful, large breakfast including all staples of a British breakfast (beans, ham, hard-boiled eggs, etc), an American breakfast (scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, etc), the pastries of a French breakfast or the fruits and juices and grain breads of a health-conscious breakfast.Staff: Professional, friendly and outgoing.Transportation: Very easy, with the DLR rail stop directly outside whisking you into the popular neighborhoods of central London in 10-20min. Nightbus back from bars of SoHo was easy, cheap and fast, dropping off just a few hundred meters from the hotel. Taxis were easy, as well.	
Mar 20 2009 	Boringly Average	Given the location of this property I would have expected them to excel as I wouldnt imagine that they receive a huge amount of passing trade over a weekend. We stayed on a Saturday night and had a large table booked in the restaurant. We were the only table in the larger section of the restaurant and I can honestly say the food and service was nothing special. The service was incredibly slow and when our order arrived they came without any side dishes of potatoes or vegetables and which the waiters never offered us. They could have easily mentioned something. I really dont mind spending good money on quality food and service but its was neither of these. Our bill was in excess of £400 with drinks so maybe you see my point! The bedrooms and remainder of facilities are typically Hilton which are average. Its in a good location - directly outside the tube station and the reception staff were fairly friendly and helpful.	
Mar 11 2009 	Nice quiet location in London	I stayed at the Hilton Canary Wharf on Valentines Day with my girlfriend. We got the Underground to Canary Wharf which was ok. There was some maintenance work being done on some of the Underground lines which meant it was a bit tricky. We had to get on the Northern line which took a while for us to grasp but once we got our bearings we were fine. This would have been easy on the metropolitan line if it were not for the maintenance work.You walk through a shopping precinct at the Canary Wharf underground stop to get to the hotel; there is an exit for the hotel by paper chase. You cross a bridge over the Thames and the hotel is there on your left. The entrance is very modern and clean. We arrived at the hotel at around 1, as check-in was 4 we were apprehensive of if we were ok to check-in. The reception said our room was ready and we got our card and headed to the eighth floor. The room was very spacious and had a nice bathroom. It took us a while to figure it out but if you turn the tap right the bath works and if you turn it left the shower comes on. We went shopping in the precinct after checking in and had some dinner at one of the café’s there are plenty of shops as you go through for all your needs. There is also a Krispy Kreme donut shop which is well worth a trip especially for the apple and cinnamon flavour. We had booked to see the Lion King that evening and once we were changed we headed back to the underground and after about 15 minutes we arrived at our stop and it was very painless.There is a flat screen TV in the room which is handy when you’re waiting for your girlfriend to get ready. There is also a writing desk and chair so you can relax. The hotel also included breakfast which had a full fry up, cereals, fruit and tea, coffee etc. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants easy access to central London without staying in the hustle and bustle of the city centre. You can also see the O2 arena from the hotel so is in a good location for any events there.I will be staying at this hotel the next time we go to see a show or event at the O2 and would recommend it to anyone.	
Mar 10 2009 	Perfect for the O2!!!	I stayed at the Hilton Canary Wharf recently as i was going to the Il Divo concert at the O2. I arrived a bit before my check in time but so the room wasn't ready yet but i was able to check in anyway and i left my bag with the concierge while i went in to central london to do some sight seeing. The room itself was very comfortable, there was no wireless internet though and i didn't have my computer with me to use the wired connection but this would have been quite pricy to use. I didn't have room service or eat at the hotel while i was there so i can't comment on that but i did go to the bar which was quite nice if a bit quiet. The breakfast as usual for a Hilton hotel was really good and very filling also in fact i didn't feel hungry again until later on that day. The only slightly negative thing that happened happened after breakfast when i went back to the room my key card wouldn't work so i went down to reception to get it looked at the lady at reception looked at my card for moment before asking me if i had any ID on me which was annoying and slightly amusing at the same time as everything i had was in my hotel room which i wasn't able to get to but she fixed the card and i was able to get back into the room. All in all it was a great stay and the location is just about perfect for anyone wanting to go to a concert at the O2.	
Mar 7 2009 	Nice Modern Hilton	Stayed here overnight whilst attending concert at the O2 - The hotel's a couple of minutes walk from Canary Wharf Tube station and the O2's only one stop away on the Underground.The Hotel is nice and modern and all staff were pleasant and helpful.One downside is the lack of parking (they only have 20 something spaces for which they charge £15 per night) which if full they advise you to park on the street opposite (which we did luckily finding a space which was free) or use the International Hotel about 5 minutes walk along the street which is £20 per night.If you can get an Executive Room which gets you access to the lounge from which you can get drinks and light snacks in the evening until 11pm and a great breakfast selection (better than some hotels restaurants) in the morning.	
Mar 4 2009 	Fantastic Hotel - Great Rooms Great location!	I stayed at Hilton Canary Wharf for a night at the beginning of MArch and can quite simply say that this is one of the, if not the best hotel that I have stayed in within the UK. I paid approximately £80 for the room whcih was amongst one of the cheapest in London. I was initially concerned about the fact that the hotel was a little out of the way, but having travelled thee it was no more than 15 minutes away from London Waterloo by Jubilee line.The area surrounding the hotel reminded me alot of the La Defense area of Paris. The buildings are stunning, especially when lit up at night and the river runs through the middle. There is a large plush shopping centre adjacent to Canary Wahrf station and many restaurants, pizzerias and bars within the immediate vicinity.Upon arrival at the hotel, we were seen immediately by reception staff who were pleasant, hepful and courteous throughout. We were given the keycards to our room on the third floor and made our way up in one of the three lifts. Adjacent to the reception area was a restaurant which was modern, spacious and looked extremely nice!The room itself was airy, bright, clean and modern. Upon entering, the bathroom was on the left complete with complimentary towels, shower accessories and even some scales!! The bedroom itself was brilliant, better than in any of the photos on the site! There was a widescreen freeview tv, free tea, coffees and water as well as the option of room service and breakfast the following day.Both myself and my girlfriend were extremely impressed with the hotel and both agreed it was of very high quality. I would recommend this hotel to people of all ages due to its fantastic location and top quality rooms.One little tip is that if you are in the area, then take a short trip to North Greenwich and visit The O2 before catching the Thames Clipper boat back to Central London - a fantastic way to see the sights on the river for a bargain price!!	
Mar 1 2009 	A very solid four star hotel	What a difference compared to Hilton Olympia!I got a really nice, spacious room with little extra perks that the Olympia did not have -- like a free newspaper in the morning and complimentary water bottles in the room. Nothing huge, but these little extra touches go a long way.My only complaint might be that the area is very businessy for tourists (Kensington despite not being overly touristy is at least very pretty/classy with nice shops) but the tube and DLR are not very far so it is easy to get into the city. And there is a mall nearby, which is a nice bonus -- easy to do breakfast there before then hopping on the tube.Would definitely stay again!	
Feb 22 2009 	Excellent hotel no complaints	This was one of the better Hilton's I have stayed at. The room was wonderful and the staff very helpful. I loved the Executive lounge. The ladies were friendly and the breakfast and evening snacks were perfect. The Dockland Light Rail is right next to the hotel which gives ready access to the tube system. I will definitely be back when I am coming through London via London City Airport as was on this trip.	
Feb 16 2009 	the best hotel ive stayed at!!!	OK, before i start i will say i stay at this hotel quite a lot ( 8 times in 2008), the reason why is because it the nearest to &quot;perfection&quot; you can get for the price, the staff are friendly and professional, also the concierge bend over backwards to help ( must mention &quot;Ben&quot;, who always seems to be on duty, truly nice bloke and extremely professional!)the weekend of Jan 31st i decided to take my girlfriend to London for her birthday, as it was a special occasion i tried to book a &quot; junior suite&quot; with executive lounge access of which i got for an amazing £96 via expidia.com, COULDNT BELEVE MY LUCK , so on the Saturday we arrived parked car in secure underground car-park ( £15) and proceeded to check -in where we were whisked to the top floor to a private check -in for Hilton honours guests.... shown to our suite of which was great, huge bed, nice decor and spotlessly clean and we arrived at 10am so no trouble waiting until 3pm check in time, ( love this!).Went to west end for lunch but back in time for afternoon tea in lounge, which was niceafter a good workout and sauna in the gym ( again great facilities), we retired to the lounge again for beer and snacks, i really liked this not just because it was free but the view of London at night from here is great and they treated us like royalty.after a walk along the quayside we retired to bed, this was very comfy and we both slept well.i was up early so i could get an hour in the gym before breakfast, she layed in with coffee and the newspaper ( of which was delivered very early and hooked on the outside of our door).we had breakfast at 10am and did have to wait a wile for a table but as always it was worth the wait and was fantastic!!!, endless supply and choice!check out was swift and quick. if i was being picky i would say the sauna and steam room could have been a bit hotter but this was the only thing i could find, we had yet another great and memorable weekend at the Hilton, will be back soon!,	
Feb 15 2009 	top class hotel!	my partner and i stayed hear for valentines day night in a executive room. the room was large and spotless with all the mod cons you would want including a separate walk in shower. there were also nice touches like free slippers, mineral water,chocolates and a large amount of toiletries. what made the stay extra special was the executive lounge, during the day there was free soft drinks and sandwiches &amp; cake then in the evening a free bar and hot snacks! well worth the money when you think how much a hotel in London charges for drinks usually! also breakfast can be taken in the lounge witch means you can avoid the crowds if you want! we will definitely be back!the location is perfect for the o2 or anyone wanting to be near city airport or canary wharf. if you want central London you may want to look else where althow the DLR station is right outside the hotel and will take you into the city	
Feb 15 2009 	Great hotel	We stayed at this hotel after a concert at the 02 and were very impressed. Reception were welcoming and efficient. Our room was great, large and nicely decorated with a good view over Canary Wharf.Location wise the hotel is right next door to the DLR which is handy for getting into London and the 02.The only slight grumble we had was at breakfast when we had to wait a while to be seated and the choice of vegetarian hot food was limited. Overall I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Feb 14 2009 	One of the best hotels in London for Quality and Price	My Boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel on Friday the 13th Of February. Easy to find (building next to the DLR South Quays or Canery Wharf, just go over the bridge).We stayed in a Junior Suite which we got at a 50% off bargain with expedia. It cost £98 inc Breakfast + Executive lounge Access, Spa &amp; Gym.When we got to our room we were pleasantly surprised. This was room 606 and it was very spacious, with a small living area and huge King Bed. Nice big bathroom with seperate bath and shower. Everything you could want inc Slippers and robes. Up on the 14th Floor is the Executive Lounge with stunning views of Canary Wharf etc. Here you have free use of the internet and light snacks and refreshments etc buffet style all for free! I cannot fault the hotel or location, so easy to get into central london because of the tube and DLR access. Not to mention that all shops and restaurants are on your doorstep at Canary Wharf.Breakfast is from 7-11am buffet style full English plus everything else wasn't too fond of my fried eggs and seriously this is the only slight thing I wasnt ecstatic about and thats not really a complaint either, I just like my fried eggs medium well done or whatever.Staff are lovely and helpful cheerful and friendly. We had someone check on us on Friday evening to see if we needed refreshment replenished or new towel etc, free newspaper hanging outside our door in the morning all the tea/coffee making facilities etc. A total bargain infact I felt a bit guilty that I probably should have paid more!! When does anyone ever fell like that????I will definately come here again, Junior suite or above as long as they're still at these bargain prices!	
Feb 9 2009 	Lovely hotel	My husband and I stayed here overnight as we were going to the O2 on the Saturday evening. We booked the hotel when there was a 50% deal on and got a good bargain we feel. De Luxe room for 2 and breakfast for £70. Not bad going!We drove up from Sussex, but by the time we arrived the Hilton car park was full, so had to park at the Britannia hotel next door (just a few minutes walk). This was £21 for 24 hours....but still worked out cheaper than coming up by train.The room was fine, good size, comfy bed, good sized bathroom with toiletries, numerous towels and even face cloths.Loved having an iron and ironing board in the room. We had breakfast at the hotel which was brilliant. A really wide choice suitable for all tastes. Looking at the mini bar prices we decided not to indulge. Be warned - the fridge is automatic and if you opened it and even moved something, it would register on your bill! Could turn out to be more expensive than you had thought!However, all in all I would say this was a really good place to stay, particularly for O2, but even to get into London which was very close. A great deal at the price we paid, but would hesitate to pay full price - not because the hotel is bad in any way but purely because paying that sort of price for one night seems a bit much! If you can get a good deal, I would recommend staying here. Staff were friendly and everything was very comfortable.	
Feb 9 2009 	Great Hotel	This is the best Hilton I’ve stayed in - including the 5* options available...What makes the difference in this hotel is the staff, everyone we came across was helpful and friendly.We had an executive room on the 14th floor, which was well appointed and having access to the lounge was an added bonus. I was a little worried about the docklands light railway noise as it was noticeable when we were in the room, it could have been that extra glass of wine - but we both slept soundly!!!The buffet breakfast was one of the better one's I had and service was good.The only fault I can find was the water pressure was very poor, it took 20 minutes to run a bath, other than that we had a great time.	
Jan 27 2009 	Beautiful Hotel	We loved our stay at Hilton Canary Wharf. Our room was very up to date/modern. The hotel is in a great location with the tube station nearby. Dinner in the hotel was of a high standard and the staff were very friendly and attentive. Drinks as usual in all the Hilton Hotels were very expensive but this is their norm so we expected this. Breakfast was very nice and kept us going all day until dinner again in the evening.I would definately stay at this hotel again however as there are so many other hotels to choose from in London I may not return again in a hurry.	
Jan 26 2009 	Faultless	We stayed at the Hilton Canary Wharf for one night in January '09, and had a wonderful stay there. The hotel is clean, modern and well finished. The staff were very friendly, and check-in took no more than 2 minutes. Hotel location is perfect, with Canary Wharf tube station about 2 mins walk away.Our room (414) was a standard room, but was huge! Large double bed, LCD TV, dark wood furnishings, and spotless. The bathroom was also an excellent size and very clean. Considering some other hotels we have stayed in in London, we cannot fault this Hilton. Immaculate hotel, spacious rooms, and all for £75 INCLUDING breakfast. Without question we will return to this hotel on our next visit to London.	
Jan 25 2009 	Good Hotel	Hi,We stayed on a fantastic half price rate of £60 including breakfast for a Friday night - we were also able to secure the same room rate for the Saturday night. Our first room was on the 14th floor (top floor of the hotel) which is also the executive floor (my husband is a gold card holder) and we were pleasantly surprised to be 'upgraded' given the half price room rate we paid.If you are coming on the DLR the best stop to get off at is South Quay you can see the hotel from the station although Canary Wharf station is literally a 5 minute walk from the hotel.Our room was very clean and modern with a great view however once tucked up in bed we soon heard the sound of the DLR trains which do run frequently! I hate to think of the noise on the lower floors we asked the next morning if we could move rooms which was done without fuss and the second room was much quieter. As a tip I would recommend asking for a 'odd' numbered room which faced away from the DLR station (our first room was 1414).All the staff were very pleasant and helpful and the executive lounge offered a good selection of snacks and drinks. Breakfast was good with a huge selection and once again very attentive waiting staff.We would return in a flash (especially with the half price room rates!) and would not hestiate to recommend this hotel to our friends and family.	
Jan 20 2009 	A comfortable hotel	Arrival by tube: Exit Canary Wharf underground (Bank St) - go through Jubilee Place (foyer of underground shopping mall) and then over footbridge - turn left, then first right - the hotel entrance is just on the left. Generally no complaints at all - contemporary furnishings - we had a large room on 7th Floor - very clean - really comfortable bed and pillows - attentive staff. Plenty of choice at breakfast - had to queue for a table for 5/10 mins on Sunday morning but it was at peak time. Would definitely stay here again - a good base for Excel/O2.	
Jan 19 2009 	Faultless and a bargain....	Hilton were doing a half price promotion at the same time my football team were playing Arsenal in the FA cup. I booked on line and got a twin room for £60 - and that included breakfast!!We set off from Devon at dark o'clock and got to the hotel at 1015. Although we knew we couldn't check in till 1500 - I wanted to ensure my mates car was parked in their underground car park. I had already e-mailed them my plan and their prompt reply was that car parking was at a premium at the hotel, £15 per night and it was on a first come first served basis. We thought we would get there early, nab a space, drop the bags off and return after the game to check in. The receptionist confirmed that there was a parking space for the car - brilliant, phew, worry over, then they said would we like to check in? Yes please!! I checked in, we put the car in the safe underground car park and was in our room with our feet up watching a popular football programme by 1030 - brilliant! The room was clean and modern and we had views onto the Thames. I didn't get the chance to sample the fitness suite or the sauna as I had to drown my sorrow's after the game as the mighty greens lost 3- 1 and I didn't feel in the mood for any physical activity. The couple next door woke me at 0200 as they were clearly into physical activity - or she was feining - either way, they were noisy.Breakfast was excellent - cereals, fresh fruit, pastries and the full english hangover cure for me.The couple next door had room service.	
Dec 22 2008 	Great place to stay after an evening at the O2	We stayed at the Hilton Canary Wharf after going to a gig at the O2 arena, to save a long schlep home afterwards. It couldn't have been better for the purpose. A single stop on the tube from North Greenwich to Canary Wharf, and then a short walk to the hotel (don't try to walk round by the road - turn left from Canary Wharf tube station, then walk ahead and straight through the foyer of the building now in front of you. Then over the footbridge, turn left, and you'll soon see the hotel entrance, off to your right)I'm pretty sure we were upgraded to a higher standard of room than we booked, as we appeared to have been given a deluxe room, when I only booked a standard double. I got a good rate, by paying in advance at time of booking, so this was an added bonus.Staff were helpful, appeared genuinely friendly and enthusiastic. The room was spacious and new-looking, with a very comfortable bed. The en-suite was spotless and the shower good.Breakfast, in particular, was excellent. A vast array of food on the buffet, with a good choice of both hot and cold items and plenty of extra little bits like seeds to sprinkle in your muesli, a bowl of yoghurt with the fruit, etc.All in all, we had an excellent night's stay and I would wholeheartedly recommend this place to anyone else looking for somewhere to stay close to the O2.	
Dec 9 2008 	Give it a try.You will not be disappointed.	The closeness to the O2 Arena was the main criteria for choosing the Hilton Canary Wharf as the base for our weekend visit to London but it ticked all the boxes for us. It is a short walk to the modern Underground Station through a shopping mall containing top end retail outlets. Central London is only 10 to 15 minutes away.Our room which was an Executive Double was large by British standards with bath,shower,flat screen T.V.and a big,very comfortable bed.We dined in the the hotel and the experience was extremely positive with good food and wine .All members of staff were smart,welcoming and efficient and a credit to the Hilton Group.Try this hotel.You will not be disappointed.	
Nov 23 2008 	Very comfortable well situated hotel	We (a couple) just stayed at this hotel for 3 nights holiday, and found it very comfortable. We had booked a standard Guest room, but on arrival got upgraded to an Executive room on the 13th floor. The room was immaculately clean and very spacious, having views over the Isle of Dogs towards the Thames. The huge bed was very comfortable, and the bathroom one of the largest I have seen in a hotel room.Each evening we came back to find the room cleaned, made up, with little touches like soft lights on, background music playing, and chocolates left. We had breakfast included in our room deal, and the choice covered just about anything you could want – 2 self-service buffets of either cooked English style (bacon, sausages, eggs, mushrooms …) or Continental style (cold meats, fruit salads, croissants, cheeses…). There was also a good choice of cereals and breads. The bar is average price for a city hotel and had a good choice of cocktails and snacks. We didn’t use the restaurant (some nearby places were cheaper) but the menu looked good. The bar area is open plan and minimalist, with big comfy sofas – very pleasant.As for location, this hotel is not in the centre of London, but out to the east in the modern financial district. It is a few mins walk from the tube station (Jubilee line – takes about 15 mins to South Bank), and about 15 mins walk from the river taxi (which is an excellent method for getting to London Embankment or across to Greenwich). There is a seemingly endless amount of shops, fast food outlets, and cafes in the nearby (underground) shopping mall, where weekdays you can mix with London’s financial whizz kids from the Canary Wharf buildings. Not to be overlooked for eating out is the small array of restaurants along the water’s edge at Westferry Circus (where the river taxi stop is) – especially nice at night when you can see the lights of the City buildings reflected in the water. The whole area feels incredibly safe at night as it is quiet and constantly patrolled by private security staff.If there is anything negative to say about the hotel it is that it is located right beside the Docklands Light Railway (DLR) station (South Quay) – a real boon when you don’t want to walk anywhere, but slightly annoying for noise when the trains start up in the early morning – I imagine this could be more of a problem if your room is on a low floor facing the elevated line, but for us it wasn’t really noticeable.Staff couldn’t be more helpful, right from the check-in desk to the room cleaners. Whenever we encountered a member of staff they smiled and offered to provide assistance (in contrast to some hotels I’ve stayed in for business).I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to visit London in comfort, but also wanting to be slightly out of the city (for noise and safety).	
Nov 3 2008 	Superb Hotel Location 	We stayed in an Executive room (1201) which had lovely views of the Thames &amp; some of London's famous buildings including Tower Bridge &amp; the London Eye. The room itself was very spacious &amp; very quiet &amp; the large bed extremely comfortable.We had access to the Executive lounge which allowed us complimentary drink &amp; food including tea, coffee, cakes, alcohol &amp; hot &amp; cold nibbles.The hotel is only a 5 minute walk from the tube stations of Canary Wharf (Jubilee Line &amp; DLR) &amp; a 20 minute trip into central London. We actually travelled into central London along the Thames via the clipper which cost £10 for the 2 of us &amp; is located about 10 minutes walk from the hotel &amp; drops you off at the Embankment &amp; close to all of the tourist attractions.As part of our package we had dinner included on the first night &amp; had plenty of choice from the A La Carte menu. The food was of restaurant standard &amp; as it was our 20th wedding anniversary the hotel included a complimentary bottle of wine with the meal(just as well as the cheapest bottle is about £25 normally).The staff were very efficient &amp; we were made to feel most welcome &amp; the management team made sure that we were particularly well looked after.We would certainly return to this hotel on our next visit to London.	
Oct 25 2008 	Excellent Hotel made all the better by the staff	Stayed at this hotel for 4 nights. As a diamond Hhonors member, was upgraded to the Executive Floor. Asked if I could upgrade further to a Junior Suite and was offered this for a further £20 + tax per night. However, as the room was not ready when we checked in at 4pm, they offered to waive this charge for the full 4 nights without even being asked!The Junior Suite is very spacious, has a seperate bath and shower and complimentary mineral water refreshed daily. The Executive Lounge was superb with a full free bar open from 6pm to 10pm daily. The breakfast is also very good with a selection of hot and cold dishes.The thing that stands out about the hotel is the staff. They addressed me by name and there were always smiles and offers of help. I will not hesitate in returning to this hotel in the future.	
Oct 20 2008 	Absolutely the most ideal location in Canary wharf	Stayed at the Hilton for one night. Upon check-in was instantly upgraded to exec room, thanks Hilton Honors Gold Card! Room was extremely well presented and furnised with wonderful views from 14th floor. Free water and chocolates were a nice touch. Bathroom very spacious with shower cubicle and bath. Fresh oriental lillies were a nice touch! The exe lounge was nothing special but had nice views and extremely good service. Breakfast was rather basic probably better to take in the main restaurant. The hotel is within walking distance to the malls of Canary Wharf 5 mins walk over the footbridge. Definately staying here again!	
Oct 12 2008	Great hotel very friendly and attentive staff	This Hilton hotel has great rooms, very clean and spacious. The staff is very friendly and makes you feel very welcome. The breakfast is one of the best I ever got, a very large buffet and a cook who is willing to make whatever you want. The only disadvantage of this hotel is its location: if you need to be at the Docklands for business it is great. If you are visiting as a tourist consider taking another hotel because this area is very quiet at night. (however, with the Jubilee line you are in 20 min at Covent Garden)	
Oct 2 2008 	Still a good bet!	We enjoyed a good week-end at the Hilton London Canary Wharf and it is still a good bet! The rooms are spacious and modern, the Executive Lounge is good with free internet, free drinks and canapes in the evening and there is a modern feel throughout with a good bar area which serves appetising food. It is a little way out from the centre but nothing that should put you off. The staff are unfailingly pleasant and overall, this is great value for London and I am looking forward to returning in November for a week-end stay. It is easier to use the Jubilee Line into London than the DLR trains and a day travel pass gets you everywhere. Overall, a great hotel that is consistently praised by Tripadvisor posters, justifiably so.	
Sep 11 2008 	A fantastic Hilton to be highly recommended!	This hotel immediately responded very forthcoming and assist full (thanks Stephanie!) to my e-mail with questions about a rate, so I knew from the beginning this would be a hotel with the true Hilton spirit of guest friendliness. And it was even better than my expectations; we had a true fantastic weekend break in this Hilton Canary Wharf. From Heathrow airport we took the metro, first the Picadilly line and on Green Bank we switched to the Jubilee line. It takes in all about one hour and 15-20 minutes and it goes not totally underground. On the Canary Wharf station go up with the high elevators, outside turn left, walk trough the glass (Jubilee) building, pass a pedestrian bridge and you will see the Hilton slightly on your left. It is just a 5-minute walk.Inside everything is very modern and there were many people lounging in the Cinnamon Bar and Café on this late Friday afternoon, giving it all a relaxing atmosphere. We were directed to the 14th floor with the executive lounge for my Diamond Hilton status. We received a warm welcome and check-in went smooth. Before we went to our room we had an excellent cup of coffee together with some snacks. Every afternoon they serve cakes, pastries and sandwiches and it all looked and tasted very good.Our room was very comfortable, with a high quality King bed, an easy chair with ottoman and a working desk with chair. There was plenty of wardrobe space, coffee/tea facilities and two complimentary bottles of water. With check-in we were asked which newspaper we would prefer and to our surprise we already found an issue in our room. (These are the small details that make this hotel more than excellent.) The bathroom was spacious and clean with separate bath and shower.We went back to the executive lounge for the happy hour (from 6:00 till 8:00 p.m.), with all kinds of alcoholic drinks for free. The quality of the food presented with it was surprisingly good, with a variety of cold and hot items. There were even healthy snacks, grilled vegetables on a stick. In the lounge are two computers available for free Internet.We had an arrangement with breakfast and dinner. For the dinner they offer a 3-course meal and we could make a choice of about six for each course. The food was absolutely delicious and also service here was great. On both evenings Geerjanneke from the Netherlands and Hoon from South Korea served us, two enthusiastic young persons with the proper skills and dignity. There is a good wine selection, the first evening we had a bottle or red wine, the second we made our choice by the glass. It was expensive, but not extremely and the quality was very good. Only the tables are rather small in the restaurant. On return we found our bed prepared, two bathrobes and slippers and some chocolates. Breakfast was outstanding as well; we had it in the Cinnamon restaurant with our arrangement. What we saw in the executive lounge was also good.Going to Greenwich with the Maritime Museum and Royal Observatory is very easy; the station for the DLR (sort of light rail) is next to the hotel. Also going to the center of London is no problem, with the Jubilee line it is only about 12 minutes to Westminster station (Big Ben, Changing of the Horse Guards etc.). As I mentioned before we had a superb weekend and would choose this hotel whenever we would be in London again. Also rates are very reasonable during weekends, the DBB rate is very attractive.	
Aug 31 2008 	Excellent - surprisingly spacious	Stayed here for a meeting and was pleasantly surprised. Although right outside the steps for the South Quay DLR station, I didn't use this as it's only about five minute's walk to the Jubilee line station at Canary Wharf.The staff were friendly and very attentive, the food excellent. What did surprise me was the size of the rooms. I had a 'standard' room, but compared to other London rooms it was massive, well appointed and comfortable.Good business facilities, and would definitely stay here again and recommend colleagues to do so. Being one stop from North Greenwich for the O2, it would be a good place to stay for people attending a concert or something.	
Aug 31 2008 	Consistently great	Professional check -in. Very efficient and polite staff. Had stayed here alone on a business trip a few months previously, so this time brought my spouse for a combination business and leisure trip, and I had built his hopes up in a big way about the breakfast. We were not disappointed- first class selection, quality and freshness along with a pot of fresh coffee replaced every time you need it. Rooms- great. A/C great. Am planning a return again soon. Canary wharf is a great base for sight-seeing in London.Only cons- gym small.	
Aug 18 2008 	Fantastic hotel	Just arrived back from a weekend stay at this hotel - it is super. Very nice rooms, breakfast excellent, very friendly staff and most of all very clean. I would stay here again when I have another weekend in London. Excellent value for money.	
Aug 12 2008 	Lovely modern Hilton Hotel	We stayed in this hotel for one night only on a special deal that included dinner, bed and breakfast. I must say that at weekends this is excellent value for money. The rooms was very spacious 21 square metres, nice, clean, modern, discreetly luxurious, it had a safe, Internet access, climate control, ironing board and iron, bath robes, Crabtree Evelyn Toiltetries, shampoo, conditioner, body wash, body lotion, soap. If one needed anything extra all it took was a simple phone call to housekeeping. There is a well equip fitness centre on side. The dinner menu was really nice and of very high quality, customer service very friendly. Breakfast was of high quality, they serve one orange juice, and tea/coffee (any type one requires, decaf expresso, regular expreso, regular coffee, a selection of speciality teas, the rest is self service, on the extras side they have kippers, haddock and poached eggs. A fantastic fresh fruit selection including passion fruit, kiwi, pineapple,mango among others. A delicious bread selection there were several types of speciality breads. Cold meats, smoked trout, smoked salmon and smoked mackerel, olives. Anything one could possibly want. The executive lounge looked very nice, it is on the 14th floor with nice views of Canary Wharf and the docks. The only minor problem was lukewarm water in the shower.	
Aug 4 2008 	Another fantastic stay at the Hilton Canary Wharf	I have just got back from my second stay at the Hilton Canary Wharf, and have to agree with most of the other reviews here that it is a superb hotel. The rooms are large and comfortable, and a nice touch is that bottled water is waiting in the room when you arrive, and replenished on our second day. The price of the bottled water in the hotel has been commented on elsewhere, but if you ask the restaurant staff for &quot;tap water&quot; they will happily oblige. We loved the buffet dinner which was included as part of our room deal for the first night - possibly the best buffet I've ever seen with a wonderful selection of starters, main courses and desserts. Having just returned from a holiday in the States where healthy eating was not high on the agenda, it was great to be able to help myself to a variety of fresh vegetables and fruit. It was also nice to help myself to two desserts! The service at the restaurant was good. We were so impressed with the dinner buffet, we opted to dine in the hotel again on our second night.The breakfasts have been commented on in other reviews, and I have to agree they are great. A great selection of cereals, full cooked breakfast and a large choice of fruit and continental-style breakfasts, and loads of cakes and pastries. Absolutely fantastic. We had a couple of problems during our stay, but these were dealt with in such a professional and courteous manner, it would be harsh to even mention them. A few of the other reviews have raised points I'd like to cover... The hotel, in my opinion, is not difficult to find. It is right next to South Quay DLR station, and just a short stroll from Canary Wharf tube station. I didn't have my stopwatch with me, but I find it hard to believe it was even a 5-minute walk, it is literally just round over a footbridge and then through a building's foyer. There is certainly no need to get a taxi from the hotel to the station, as one reviewer said! The restaurant is not like a café. I found it to be a stylish place to eat, wih fantastic food and excellent staff.There is a safe in the bedroom, and whenever I was around the hotel entrance there were at least two members of staff on duty, so I don't know why security should be an issue. The only time we were aware of the DLR noise was when drinking in the bar on the ground floor. We didn't hear anything from our bedroom, and weren't even aware of it in the restaurant although I guess you probably can hear it from there if you listen out for it. I find it quite funny that two constant themes seem to crop up in reviews for this hotel - firstly, that it is not conveniently located and is a walk to the Jubilee line station, and then secondly that it is too noisy because it is situated next to a DLR station. I used to live in the docklands area, and loved using the DLR. Jubilee line might be quicker, but the DLR is so much nicer as the trains run mostly above ground. Just check for any engineering work when travelling at weekends.	
Jul 28 2008 	Very disappointed	My husband and I stayed at this hotel last weekend mainly to attended a concert at the O2 arena. Hotel was extremely difficult find - not signposted at all and to complicate matters further the hotel appears to be in the middle of a building site! However, Check-in was friendly &amp; efficient.Rooms clean.Restaurant appears to more like a cafe - Food average. Staff friendly but in my opinion appear to be a little clueless.One word of advice, please ensure you take your valuables with you when you go out , as they will probably have disappeared on your return, hence we will never stay here again!	
Jul 9 2008 	Brilliant	Stayed in a family room here in June with a 3 month old baby. Best hotel stay in the UK ever - nothing too much trouble and staff attitude fantastic. Some public areas of hotel are a bit jaded but are in the process of being renovated. Even room service was good! Definitely recommended and because of it's location mainly for business travellers so the family rooms are ace! Get one overlooking the thames if you can....	
Jul 3 2008	Great Place for O2 visitors	Fantastic Hotel Easy Access to the DLR and Tube servicesStaff were very freindly and professional and this was our second stay. We will definitly stay again. If your going to any shows etc at the O2 this is the place to stay Fantastic Steve &amp; Sharon	
Jun 10 2008 	Great for the O2 Arena.	We stayed for one night as a stopover for the UFC 85 at the O2 Arena. The first thing we done was register for the car park, for £15.00 the concierge told us we could come and go as we liked for 24 hours. For us this was a godsend, the security, piece of mind and flexibilty this afforded us was worth £15.00 without any doubt. The checkin was effortless and the reception staff were polite and professional. The room on the 9th floor was very modern,spacious and clean. We did not experience any noise issues from the nearby DLR, this may have been down to the fact that our room was on the opposite side of the hotel, probably a worthwhile request as when we were walking through the hotel we did hear the trains passing. A good nights sleep was had in a comfortable bed and breakfast/checkout was spot on. In summary, we will be back for the next UFC and wouldnt change a thing. Thanks Hilton.	
Jun 8 2008	Fantastic Hotel and Service.	I have just returned from a 2 night stay at the Hilton. My reason for styaing here was were were attending an event in the O2 (UFC). The Hotel is within 5 mins walk from Canary Whar Station.It is a little tricky to find, just ask someone like we did and once you find it your sorted for the rest of your stay.The Hotel itself is beautiful inside, very modern and clean and the staff are very friendly. We had a twin room on the 7th floor which was very nice, the beds very comfortable.My only gripe with my stay is that I am a Hilton Honours Member and on booking I was told we may have an upgrade but would definitely have access to the exec lounge. When we got there this was not case, we were refused the Exec lounge.Overall, I would definitely stay here again!!!!	
Jun 7 2008 	Great hotel	Booked direct with hilton and found a fantastic rate which included dinner and breakfast for £95 each night for the room ( 2 people )Having stayed in 2 other Hiltons and various other London hotels this was the best by far. Spotless, great decor, fantastic food ( service at dinner was a little slow )The location we found to be fine ok its not centeral London but a few stops on the tube and your in the centre. We went to Grenwich for the day and tourist sights for the second day.No problems with this hotel and we WILL be staying for another weekend in the summer ( if we can get booked )	
Jun 2 2008 	Another excellent stay.....	My husband and I stayed here for two nights at the end of May 2008. We got a fantastic deal from the Hilton website for dinner, bed and breakfast for two nights. As we fly in from abroad to London City Airport, this hotel is excellently positioned for us. We also find it easy to get into the city centre from Canary Wharf and indeed timed a tube journey to Covent Garden as being 20mins door to door.The dinner that we had included in our package was amazing quality and value. We had expected a buffet dinner whereas we actuallly received a three course a la carte menu. I would eat in the restaurant at my own expenses after the positive experience.Every member of staff that we encountered was helpful and friendly - breakfast was well organised, the business centre was great, reception was efficient.The rooms at this hotel are particularly big by London standards and, for the price, very good value.Overall, I think that this is a perfect hotel for a London weekend.	
May 13 2008	Perfectly Acceptable for Business in Canary Wharf	I've stayed here twice for work March 2007 &amp; Feb 2008. My experience was identical both times. Hotel is fine - I find the bed &amp; room to be very comfortable and a decent size, but I can't say the same about the bathroom which is very small and has poor water pressure. Both times I started the week with breakfast in the hotel - and after seeing what it costs, I decided to pick up breakfast in one of the shops in the underground shopping center that runs under the office buildings. I do have to say that the hotel was extremely generous with an ultra-late check out (5pm-ish) for a very minimal charge. This made a huge difference as it allowed me to relax, workout, shower, etc. in the comfort of my private room before departing on the very long haul back to Australia (and work would not have paid for an additional night for this purpose). I would request this hotel again for this reason if I went back to Canary Wharf for work and this is the reason why I'm giving it an above average. Note to London tourists - Canary Wharf is not where you want to be. It is a long tube ride to most of the places you want to visit and it is very dull at night unless you like dining at restaurants that cater to a business crowd.	
May 13 2008 	Best Hilton I have stayed in!	I have stayed in many different Hiltons over the years but this was without doubt the best I have stayed in. I have stayed in Hiltons with 5 star and 4 star plus ratings but Canary Wharf was better than any of them.We only had a standard room but it was large, modern and clean. Breakfast was excellent with a wider range of fruit, pastries, and hot options than any other Hilton I have come across. There were always plenty of staff on hand in the bar, restaurant, and reception.The location of the hotel was fine. If you want to get into the centre of London then take a 5 minute walk into Reuters Plaza and pick up the Jubilee Line there. It is quicker than using the DLR.	
May 2 2008	Thank you	Booked this hotel for its proximity to the start of the London marathon the night before the race. On arrival we were unexpectedly upgraded, at no extra cost, to an executive suite and directed to the executive check-in on the 14th floor, where we were greeted with extreme courtesy and complimentary drinks. Everything was wonderful, beyond expectations. Staff were helpful, polite and friendly; accomodation luxurious. Food was perfect, particularly the breakfast which was served early and had been thoughtfully prepared with the requirements of marathon runners in mind. Can't recommend this hotel too highly - pity about the building site all around, but that's not their fault and presumably won't go on for ever ...	
Apr 20 2008 	Excellent can't wait to go back!	As a birthday treat I booked an all in deal with VIP tickets to the Tutankamun exhibition at the o2. The hotel room was so lovely that we were tempted not to go to the exhibition but glad that we did. The o2 was so easy to get to from the hotel, just one stop. The staff were fantastic, the concierge were incredibly helpful when we wanted information on where to buy sandwiches from locally, they gave accurate information with no pressure to use the hotel restaurant. The carpark was a great bonus particularly in this part of London, we were happy to pay for the security and convenience. Breakfast was brilliant and when we asked for more coffee at 11am when service was due to finish there was no hint of rushing us out. A slight inconvenience was the roadworks directly outside the hotel that meant we were unable to drive directly to the hotel. All in all a great experience and I can't wait to return to the Hilton.	
Apr 3 2008 	Fabulous Hotel	We booked our stay through the Hilton website and got a very good deal for bed and breakfast. from the minute we stepped through the door, the staff could not have been more pleasant and helpful. As Diamond Hilton Honours, we were upgraded to the executive floor and were given a beautiful spacious room. The beds were very comfortable. The room was immaculate. The separate shower in the bathroom is great.We arrived at 9.30 am and were able to check in which was great as we were only there for the week-end.The executive lounge is very good and had a very nice breakfast selection. There was a wider selection in the restaurant. Canapes and drinks are available in the lounge from 6-9pm and there is a good selection of drinks.The hotel is a bit further out but the DLR is next to the hotel and the tube station is about 5 mins walk.We had a great stay and would have no hestation in returning.	
Mar 31 2008 	So Happy with the Hilton	What a pleasant surprise to find that such a capacious and immaculate room had been reserved for us as part of our weekend deal. The room was non smoking and high up, as requested - and had every convenience that you could possibly want - including bathroom scales, which - incidentally I did not dare try - after a week-end of breakfasts which were so delicious and included hot and cold choices and everything from fresh raspberries to cashew nuts.The Friday evening buffet style dinner also came as part of an excellent value - pay in advance package - with a great variety of starters mains and puds. As usual the bottled water was way over priced,but as the rest of the food and service was so good this seems a minor moan to be expected in all city hotels unfortunately. A previous reviewer is right in that the area all around Canary Wharf is a building site at the moment -but the rooms are so comfortable to sleep in with good size TV and generous beverage tray - and most people who visit London do not stay around the hotel all day looking out of the window. The DLR station is right opposite the hotel and all the lines were working fine when we were visiting. You can be in the greenery at Greenwich within a few stops or to the Tower of London in 10 to 15 minutes - just be careful which train you get on - the instructions are a little confusing but this is not the fault of the Hilton.  The station is not manned so an oyster card would save a lot of confusion with tickets if you are there for a few days.The Hilton staff are young, smiling and efficient. However, I will be contacting the hotel to suggest that they add more local maps and knowledge to their information base - nobody could give us information as to where our friends holiday townhouse was - just two or three blocks away -and we had to go ask a local estate agent!These are just small niggles which did not spoil our stay - the towels and bathrobes were replaced each day - I dropped the shower head - the taxi we ordered arrived in 3 minutes flat - a brand new estate .Just a note if you are driving to the hotel - they have garaging but due to the one ways and constuction work around there seems absolutely no parking elsewhere and and our cab from Kings Cross could not find it - so you will need good directions too. All in all a really good hotel - better than some 5* and most importantly one that makes you feel that they are really pleased to have you there. Well done Happy Hilton.	
Mar 29 2008	excellent	really nice hotel, nice roomsexcellent customer service!	
Mar 27 2008 	Beware the DLR!	I booked the Hilton as part of a birthday weekend seeing The Eagles at the O2. They were brilliant!The hotel is very convenient for the O2 being one stop on the DLR from South Quay to Canary Wharf, then one stop on the Jubilee line to North Greenwich.We upgraded to a Junior Suite with Executive Lounge check in and access.Check in was fine even though is only one chair at the check in. At weekends it is mostly couples so who gets the seat?The junior suite was on the 12th floor with far reaching views to the south. The best views are from the other wing to the west and you can see the Eye and most of central London.The west wing is also away from the DLR tracks and so will be much less noisy. Even though we were on the 12th floor we could hear the sound of the trains every 3 or 4 minutes - virtually right through the night!We had afternoon tea in the lounge but because we had to leave the hotel at 6 pm we could not take advantage of the open bar and hot snacks. A real waste of money. Suggest they open this at 5 pm to give weekend guests the chance of a pre show drink and snack.Breakfast in the lounge was good. Plenty of choice and nice and quiet.We would stay here again if visiting the O2 but it is hopeless for central London.	
Mar 24 2008 	Perfect	Very clean, Very friendly and helpful staff, Decent breakfast, comfy bed cant fault this hotel and I am quite picky	
Mar 5 2008 	Brilliant	Great hotel lovely rooms, king size bed, polite helpfull staff. We found a good deal by booking in advance and although the Hilton is not in the centre of London it is within a few minutes using the Jubilee Line (forget the DLR which at weekends is undergoing perpetual maintenance work ). There are some good restaurants nearby; the hotel restaurant was popular but a little beyond our budget. The hotel is also in easy reach of the O2 dome and Greenwich with its Maritime Museum.I would definitely use this hotel again, if you can get a good advance deal the rates are similiar to some much lower quality hotels in the centre of London.	
Mar 3 2008 	Internal treasure external nightmare.	I can't fault the hotel once you're actually IN IT.My problem is with the photograph they used to advertise it, because what you really have at the moment is half a building site next to it, with my view being a wall of tatty plastic sheets blowing in the wind.	
Feb 27 2008	Excellent	THE HILTON CANARY WHARF is a brilliant hotel in every respect .The bedrooms are clean comfortable and spacious. Breakfast was great with a massive variety of food.The staff were superb ,nothing was too much trouble especially the two concierges.Our weekend was faultless, this is definitely the best hotel we have stayed in. This hotel is easy to access and in very nice surroundings which is another bonus.	
Feb 21 2008 	beautiful hotel	Great hotel but a little out of the way. Other reviews said it was 15 minutes to walk to the tube, but it felt like forever when you are in a rush to see London so we took a taxi to the station the rest of the time there. That got a little expensive (5 pounds - $10 - one way). But again it was a beautiful hotel. The only learning experience we took away from our trip was that a glass of water is expensive - the first day we were there we had a quick lunch in the lounge and wanted to stay hydrated and save money so we both ordered water. We landed up paying $20 for water. Didn't do that again! Staff was nice and room was too. Probably would stay closer in town next time though.	
Feb 15 2008 	Smart Stay at the Hilton	I stayed here one night and can't complain. I flew in from Zurich and was leaving for Washington the next morning. My incoming flight landed at London City Airport which is very convenient to the Hilton; just take the DLR from LCY and it drops you in front of the hotel; after making a change of trains. The front desk staff was warm and welcoming and noting the elevated tracks of the DLR are just feet from the hotel, I specifically asked for a room that was on the other side of the hotel so I wouldn't hear the platform/train noise. They were happy to give me a quiet room on a high floor - and it was quiet. The rooms are smartly decorated though the reading chair in the room is more for the eye and less for the back. I didn't stay in the hotel much - just to sleep - but after a relatively horrible experience at the President Hotel a few nights earlier, it was great to be in a four star hotel. The bed was quite comfortable; the television - plasma - worked fine and as I mentioned, the staff was friendly, outgoing and attentive. The hotel is one stop from Canary Wharf on the DLR or you can walk there in about seven minutes. The downside of staying so far east in London is if you have to make a connection out of Heathrow you've really got quite a slog. I left my hotel at 8 and didn't get to the check-in at Terminal 3 until 10:30am. I took the DLR and two tube lines. It was a bit of a hair-raising experience and I should have left at 7am.	
Feb 11 2008 	very good	Got this rate through the hotel (I tend to find it cheaper booking online) and paid out about £180 for two nights two rooms including breakfast. This was another trip for me taking two teenage boys to London for the weekend. Check in was friendly, efficient and had no problems whatsoever. Our wishes when booking were hounered-interconnecting, with one twin and one double. I do tend to have some trouble usually with hotels on this request so it was nice to not even have to ask. The rooms themselves were large very clean and modern, although better suited to business travelers which is expected with the area and had absolutely no complaints on this front; and with very nice views and clear mornings to wake up to was a bonus. The service itself could not be faulted, all the staff were friendly and met any requests with courtesy and efficiency.Breakfast is brilliant, filling us all up till late afternoon, which is another bonus when you have fussy kids with you. The only thing I had qualms about, which was not the hotels fault in any way was that to get into the more central part of London, your only option is the dlr and the underground, which is not always convenient to travelling around. All in all I would probably stay here on my own, as there is not much to do for younger ones in the area, but this is Hilton hotel as it should be.	
Jan 30 2008 	Simply Excellent!	Bedroom - Spacious, clean, modern and comfortable.Dinner - Well presented, tasty and quickly served.Breakfast - SuperbStaff - FaultlessBest stay I've had in a hotel for years!	
Jan 15 2008 	Great Hotel	I booked the Hilton hotel after reading several reviews on Trip Advisor and I have to say it did not disappoint. Myself, my sister and my niece were going to the Spice Girls concert so were looking for a hotel that was convienient to the O2 arena. The arena is only one stop away from Canary Wharf and the train station is less than a 5 minute walk from the hotel. There are also a large number of underground shops and restaurants which was also very handy during our visit. We had an early flight on the saturday and the very helpful check in staff had our rooms ready when we arrived at 10.30am which was great after our early morning start from Dublin. I would have absolutely no hesitation in recommending the hotel, the rooms were beautiful and modern aswell as large and comfy.	
Dec 6 2007 	Superb.... second to none service	We went to London for my birthday weekend and having booked the Tutankhamun Exhibition at the O2 arena we wanted to find somewhere close to stay. Being Hilton mermbers we booked the canary Wharf Hilton. Arrived at 1pm, went to check to be told we had been upgraded to a suite free of charge and that our check-in was on the 14th floor where the executiove lounge was located. Room was amazing, the bed was huge, the decor modern, clean and immaculate, the pillows and mattress heavenly...... Our towels were changed twice a day, the bed was turned down at night time and our robes and slippers and a choclate were left by the bedside and the TV turned on to classic FM so when you walk in the room its warm and homely. The facilities you get in the executive lounge are incredible, complimentary breakfast including a cooked breakfast, complimentary afternoon tea served from 3pm to 6pm and then complimentary soft and alcoholic drinks from 6pm to 9pm served with nibbles and canapes. Drinks included all famous branded alcohols which you helped yourself to!!!! All the staff we met were so friendly and professional, we booked with dinner on the first night included which washeld in their main restaurant, the choice was great, 5 starters, 5 mains and 5 desserts, we were even given 2 glasses of complimentary champagne for my birthday... a really nice touch. We will definately return, the hotel isn't in the mddle of Lonson but next to the hotel is the Doklands Light Railway - South Quay Station and over the footbridge at the other side of the hotel is Canary Wharf Station which is on the Jubilee Line - 15 mins tops to central London and only 2 stops to the O2 arena.	
Dec 6 2007 	Depends what you are looking for?	Staying at the Hilton whilst working in Canary Wharf. The room (executive) is a good size and I like that there is a seperate shower and bath in the ensuite. The bed is comfortable and the small reading lights very good. The only real down side is the general lack of light in the room. Hotels seem to be ignoring central lighting these days and just having a table and floor lamp.The big negative for the hotel is the general space, the bar is way too open and cold. Not at all inviting!	
Oct 22 2007 	Fantastic Hotel	Was due originally to stay at the Hilton for just the one night but due to a disaster with the hotel i was staying at i had to move at short notice. Checked in ok and went to the room which was very spacious. The bed was very comfortable and i had a good night sleep when i was there. The only negative thing was that my room was next to the DLR and was a bit noisy but it didn't bother me too much. The breakfast (as is per usual for a Hilton hotel) was delicious and very filling also. I found the hotel convenient for where i wanted to go to Greenwich and the DLR station was only next door to the hotel, if you are going into the center of London there are nearer places to stay but you can get almost anywhere by tube. All in all a great stay and the staff were very courteous and helpful throughout &amp; i would absolutely recommend this hotel to anyone that is staying in or around Canary Wharf.	
Oct 22 2007 	Simply Excellent !	On arrival greeted with a friendly smile and fast efficient check-in.Nice large room, clean and airy. Furnishings in good condition and bed very comfortable. Bathroom clean, and good quality complimentary toiletries.Breakfast, a good choice of continental and cooked breakfast plus additional choices made to order. The staff are what makes this hotel special, so often large hotel chains spend £'000's on the appearance and facilities only to let themselves down on staffing. The staff at the Hilton London Canary Wharf are a credit to hotels management - friendly, efficient and always on hand to help.I strongly recommend this hotel whether your stay is for business or pleasure.	
Oct 18 2007 	Good Room	We stayed two nights there. The room was very good. We first had a room with a big bed, as we requested, but with a window in front of the DLR, which was a little depressing. We asked to change an got a nicer room, but we didn't check the bed, which was two single beds put together, not very comftorable for a couple; when we saw that, it was too late to change it again. It has been the only bad point. The buffet breakfast was very good, as the dinner we had there one night.	
Oct 7 2007 	Wonderful hotel!	We just spent 3 nights in this wonderfull hotel with my parents inlaw, and we had the best time. We have stayed in London before, but this is absolutely the best hotel we have ever stayed at in London.The rooms were large and modern. It looked very new and clean, and the complentary water and chocolate was a big plus!The breakfeast buffet was fine and there was plenty to choose from. We chose the package that included dinner on the first night, and the 3 course menu was excellent.We stayed on the 12th floor and had access to the excutive lounge on the 14th floor, where we had breakfast on the day of arrival while waitng for our room. We also ended every evening with a night cap in the lounge area, and it was really nice and had a great view of London.We will absolutely be staying at this hotel again the next time we go to London - we had no complaints what so ever!!!	
Sep 4 2007 	Our function at this AMAZING hotel	Well, this could be a long one. But PLEASE read.My husband and I have just made a very large function at this hotel, followed by 4 rooms for an overnight stay.Firstly, thank you to Lorenz Muller, Stephanie Suttle and Oliver Reiter for their fantastic help with our function, thank you guys :)The function was fantastic, the food (for 180 people!) was the best, the staff worked so hard, without any complaints.So 100% for food and staff.All my guests were very impressed and we have all been to really great venues.The overnight stay was lovely too, on the executive floor, but unfortunatly had no time to use any facilities.I think we will use this hotel again very soon.In fact would use hotel for any reason in a flash, 5* all around.Francine and Howard.	
Sep 2 2007 	Warm welcome for families	Stayed here for 10 days--Aug 17-27--with 2 young teens. HHonors member and access to Executive lounge (stunning views of the London skyline on the 14th floor). We had 2 adjoining rooms for a great rate--about the same as a single room would be in other parts of London. Accommodations were impeccably clean, spacious, comfortable and modern. We found accesss to the Exec lounge to be a great value--they have an amazing free breakfast buffet, light food (including fruit) and refreshments all day long, tea sandwiches and cakes at tea time, and evening hot and cold hors d'oeuvres/open bar that are enough to make a light meal. (Given the low value of the dollar vs the pound right now, this was a huge money saver, and also if you are jet lagged and hungry at odd hours, you could easily get a light snack or beverage). Lounge offers free internet access and meeting space for work also. The Hotel can make reservations for you at top London attractions to save time in line (like the Tower of London). They were also great about finding my daughter's lost toy, which turned out to have been collected with the sheets and sent to the hotel laundry--Oliver the manager personally took care of it, and returned our beloved bunny within a day. The lounge and concierge staff are extremely helpful and welcoming--they go out of their way to give personal service and greet you by name. Very close to Canary Wharf tube station on the Jubilee line and the DLR South Quay station train stops right at the hotel door. If you like theater, there is a TKTS booth right at the Canary Wharf DLR station platform that is identical to the one at Leicester Square in Central London, but you can get your tickets as early as 10 a.m. Also easy access via DLR to Greenwich, which has great markets on Sunday and a lovely park, museum &amp; observatory.	
Aug 28 2007 	Amazing high standards!	This hotel really brings the Hilton chain , the fame it deserves. After visiting several other Hiltons in London, this hotel was amazing. Simply the best london Hilton, modern and comfortable! Since I am a Hilton Hhonors Gold member, a suite upgrade has been given!	
Aug 27 2007 	Fantastic Hotel - I highly recommend it.	Stayed at the Hilton London Canary Wharf from 17th to 19th August. We met up with our friends at 11am on the Friday and they had rooms ready for us.We stayed on their offer of 2 nights B&amp;B with Dinner on 1st night, for £209 per couple. This was an excellent deal and great value for money. Our meal on the Friday night was a buffet and it was lovely, plenty of starters, main courses and deserts to choose from and as much as you want to eat. At breakfast there was everything you could possibly think of, it was fantastic and kept us going all day!The hotel itself is very modern, we had a standard double room which was huge! It was really nicely furnished and the bathroom was lovely. Both spotlessly clean. I rate the standard of this hotel very highly, I really felt like it was a weekend of luxury. The staff are so nice and friendly and always greet you with a smile. Towels were changed every day and they have a turndown service. We came back in the evening to find the curtains drawn, bed turned down, little chocolates on the pillow and bottles of water on the table which are complimentary. When we arrived there was a bottle of still and a bottle of sparkiling water on the table which was complimentary. When the come in to turn down your bed they provide more if you have used what is there. This was a really nice touch.We chose this hotel because it was close to the O2 Dome, where we were seeing Prince (who was great!). It's an ideal location for the Dome, as the Jubilee line is a couple of minutes walk from the hotel and the Dome is only 1 stop away. Canary Wharf is a really nice area with a shopping mall, bars and restaurants nearby and the area itself felt very safe. Some people mentioned that it's a bit out of London, but we didn't find this a problem. It's a lovely area to stay in and with the tube station so closeby you can be in the centre of London in no time.We flew into London City Airport and took the DLR (Docklands Light Railway) to South Quay which is just outside the hotel. If you're going out and about buy a day pass for the tube, this day pass includes the use of the DLR.Our friends drove into London on the Friday morning, parked at the hotel car park, which is locked up and completely secure, and didn't leave until 5pm on Sunday and they were only charged for 2 days at £15 per day.We had a fantastic time staying at this hotel and I would definitely stay here again. I recommend it to everyone. The only thing I was suggest is to ask for a high floor, as the DLR runs alongside the hotel and I would think that you would hear a bit of noise from this if you were on a lower floor, we were on the 11th Floor and didn't hear it at all.Please don't hesitate to contact me in you need any more information on the hotel or the area.	
Aug 21 2007 	London's best	We had a great weekend at the Hilton Canary Wharf. Not only because we had a very good deal from their website, but also because everything was just better than expected. The staff, the room, the food, etc. Comparing this hotel to other hotels we stayed in the London area, this one is a league of its own, by far better than all others!And good to know: despite of it being quite remote from downtown London, being on top of the, very new and fast, Jubilee Line, you're in downtown London very fast, comfortable and easy.	
Aug 20 2007 	Great location for 02 arena	Great location with train station next door.Check in was pleasant staff really nice making us feel really welcome.Room was lovely, clean, fresh and well presented.Didnt have andy drinks for food at the hotel as we were going to the 02 arena.Check out was quick also and staff again really warm again.	
Aug 12 2007 	My favourite mistake!	When I arrived there, I couldn't understand why this hotel had received hot and cold reviews on the TA website. Neither could I understand why it didn't have the swimming pool pictured on the hotel's website. It was only when I got home and double-checked that I realised I thought I'd booked the Hilton Docklands when it was actually the Hilton Canary Wharf (I thold the taxi driver Hilton Docklands, but this is where he delivered us). And what a happy mistake it turned out to be!Modern, elegant, clean, great situation - and all for an excellent rate of £102 over the net. I chose it (or rather its sister hotel!) because it was one of the closest to the O2, where we were going to see a musical legend. I can't understand why other reviewers have said it's not convenient to London's other attractions. A couple of tube stops and you're wherever you want to go.The bars and restaurants of Canary Wharf are just over the footbridge, and the neigbourhood feels completely safe.I would thoroughly recommend this hotel to anyone planning a trip to London.	
Aug 6 2007 	Puts others to shame	The Hilton in the Canary Wharf is an excellent hotel that puts others rated in the same class to shame.It has one amazing quality that is so rare to find these days, especially in terms of hotels, the Hilton Hotel not only meets expectations, but in many ways exceeds expectations.The hotel is fantastic, very contemporary and comfortable; the rooms are a good size and offer every facility one could require.The location of the hotel is excellent, positioned immediately next to the South Quay Docklands railway, and with the line running outside the hotel room windows; not a whisper of sound can be heard from inside.The staff are friendly and courteous and drink prices in the bar appear reasonable (with location in mind).I did not eat at the hotel so cannot give any indication to the standard of food, but if it was anything like the hotel I would suspect there would be no issues there either.I paid a £85.00 for the room for one night (not including breakfast), which I felt was exceptional value. This rate was only available on one website that did not immediately name the hotel until after I had booked and paid for it, because of this it maybe hard to find this rate elsewhere.I find it very hard to fault this hotel; it helped make a visit to the Docklands area of London into a thoroughly lovely and enjoyable weekend.	
Aug 3 2007	High Standards in Docklands	This Hilton is just a short walk from Canary Wharf tube station and is well located within docklands. The building itself is fairly anonymous and dwarfed by the higher skyscrapers all around but inside it is clean, modern and well furnished.Rooms are generously sized with the usual facilities and furnishings are of a good standard if a little predicatable.We stayed for just one night whilst seeing a show at the nearby O2 arena. In this respect, it's ideal. One stop on the tube - you could even walk if you're energetic.The bar and restaurant area were smallish but well appointed. During the week this is very much a business hotel. The evening bar scene was sparse and tourists were a minority. Staff were excellent - above the normal Hilton standard I'd say and service was good.If you're visiting on business or at the O2 - go no further than this Hilton. If you're visiting London as a tourist - I'd stay nearer the centre. This hotel is a bit far out of it for me and docklands is interesting for a visit but not really the London most tourists will have in mind.Overall - a good experience.	
Jul 22 2007 	A bit of luxury	A great hotel!We booked a 2 night break with dinner on the first night with a platinum card, and at reception we were told to check in at the dedicated executive reception desk. After parking under the hotel (£15.00/night) we made our way to the executive floor where the receptionist booked us in and told us that we would be entitled to use the executive lounge which offered a complementary bar with an extensive selection of alcoholic and soft drinks, aswell as a range of snacks and crudites and canapes.We made our way to a very well furnished, large, modern room with complementary fruit &amp; dips, mineral water, tea/coffee &amp; biscuits, quality bathroom toiletries, newspapers, iron &amp; board, safe etc - every small detail was thought of.Our dinner meal was buffet-style and offered extensive choice. We preceeded the meal with drinks in the exec lounge, and continued on there after dinner.The following morning the breakfast choice was amazing: full english + extensive buffet with choices such as smoked salmon, meats, cheeses, cereals, breads, yoghourts, fresh fruit, even a juicer to create your own health drinks. We found that breakfast filled us up for the rest of the day and decided to just opt for what was on offer in the exec lounge the second evening - we didn't need another dinner.We found all the staff to be very friendly and helpful at all times.The hotel was not very easy to find on our first evening, but we discovered that it was in a great location within walking distance of all that Canary Wharf has to offer - excellent!We even managed to walk south across the river and into Greenwich and right up to the edge of Lewisham where our son lives - bone-weary when we got back though.All-in-all a great stay, and good value for money as we did not feel the need to buy lunches or a second night's dinner with the exec lounge on hand. The exec lounge also offered breakfast, but we ventured down to the main restaurant which had more options.	
Jul 19 2007 	Faultless	Just back from two night's at the Hilton Canary Wharf and very happy to record top marks for the hotel and its staff.I had booked this stay using reward points so was a little anxious that we wouldn't get the same treatment as if we'd paid cold hard cash, but there was no second class treatment here.In fact, we felt quite spoiled by the attentiveness of the reception staff in particular who put the special into special occasion for us.The rooms were splendid - modern design, very comfortableBreakfasts - all you could expect and moreLocation - out of the centre but good shopping mall on hand and the Docklands Light Railway at the front doorService - attentive, friendly, informative, individualExtra touches - the icing on the cakeI've stayed at many Hiltons, and whilst the Hilton Cologne still tops my personal list, this is the best Hilton I've experienced here in the UK. It even knocked spots off the five star hotel we splurged on earlier in the week - much better value and service which made us feel like we mattered.Thanks to the staff who made this stay perfect.	
Jul 10 2007 	Excellent hotel highly recommend it!	Just back from UK last Sunday, Hilton Canary Wharf was the last stop of our one week journey in UK. This was the second time that my husband and I stayed in Hilton hotels. The previous one was at Hilton Paddington. Each time we booked through Hilton website and got very good deal through it. For this time, 109pounds/night/double room included the first night dinner and two days breakfasts. Here are some comments:the location--comparing with Paddington, it's not very central, but it locates in London's CBD with very beautiful and modern surroudings. If you are not in a hurry, walking to oxford circus station only takes 10-12 mins at most, and the underground shoppingmall opposite the hotel is one of popular shopping spot in east London. Usually, you can reach to Bond Street within half an hour by taking the subway.The room--the room is very spacious and stylish comparing with Paddington. Everything is quite new. The bed is very comfortable and I love the sofa by the window. The bathroom is also great and very clean. The food--the three-course dinner at first night is much better than Paddington with many choices. The breakfast is brilliant with many choices. Similar to Paddington.The staff--the staff in Hilton Canary Wharf are excellent, very friendly and very helpful and very efficient. We can see the hotel itself has a successful management team. Will definitely come back again if we visit london next time.	
Jul 5 2007	Good London Hotel quite distant from central London	I've stayed at this Hilton location at least four times. Its a very good hotel. We chose it b/c of its newer construction, larger hotel rooms, and modern clean bathrooms. I have absolutely no complaints of this hotel except that it is not very central. However, we've been able to get good rates thru the Hilton website, about £70/night, including first night dinner and breakfast every morning. The breakfast buffet is very good, the dinner so so, but good for London standards. It's worth about that £70-100/night, I wouldn't pay more than that.	
Jun 30 2007 	Fine and Functional	Booked a night while on a 2 day course here and pleasantly surprised. Very much a business hotel with incredibly efficient check in/out staff and the most attentive 'I.T. fixit' man I have ever come across - he really went the extra mile to get the in room broadband funtioning on my dodgy new laptop.Room itself was large - so nice to have the room to swing a cat if that way inclined, with good and well lit desk for working and a great shower. Despite being able to wave and have eye contact with travellers on the docklands light railway running outside my room (was on 2nd floor - would advise asking for a higher one) there was not much noise.Docklands itself - like visiting anlother country - very sterile - full of suited clones and not my scene - but interesting for a day or two.	
Jun 24 2007 	Great Hotel in a Great Area	Took a few days off after work in Dublin to come to my favorite city, London. Originally planned to stay in a hostel to have some fun, but since I was feeling under the weather, after one night in the hostel, I decided to use some Hilton HHonors points and stay here. It was an absolutely fantastic experience. The hotel is so easy to get to either by DLR (South Quay) or Tube (Canary Wharf and a 2 minute walk), and in an area often overlooked by tourists, but includes nice restaurants, shops, and the 3 tallest buildings in the UK (one of which, the Citigroup HQ, I had a view of from my room). Check in staff extremely nice, room very VERY large with lots of open space, bathroom very clean and comfortable, and bed quite comfy. Breakfast was a little dissapointing, and had I actually paid for it (they gave it to me for free since the hotel was full and they could not give me a room upgrade) I would have been darn right angry. Health club quite good, and concierge fantastically helpful recommending a good Indian restaurant (Mem Saheb, try it out), finding me a post office, and other odds and ends. I would certainly stay here again without a second thought...it's almost nice to take a break from the busy areas like Knightsbridge, Bayswater, etc. while still actually being in London	
May 6 2007	Business like	Stayed here for business for a week in March. The hotel is convenient to London City Aiport and EXCEL exhibition centre.The rooms were large and clean with tea/coffee making facilties and a mini bar. There was also complimentary bottled water each morning. The breakfast was very good with the usual selection plus some extras, freshly made omelettes of your choice.I dined in the restaurant twice and had no complaints.Overall this is a good business hotel. I would not stay here if on holiday.	
May 4 2007 	Satisfied Customer!	This was a wonderful hotel experience in nearly every way -- location is outstanding (beautifully re-developed waterfront area in modern financial district of London) hotel decor and amenities could not be better, attentive friendly and helpful staff, renowned (with good reason) buffet breakfast. I only had two minor complaints...the very fancy controls on the shower system were far from intuitive. I eventually stumbled on the correct setting, but have no idea how I did so and was not able to make it work a second time (written instructions would have been most helpful) and for travelers without own laptop (to avail in-room wireless access) and not on business-related expense accounts, the fees for internet use at their Business Center were exorbitant (no alternative as no internet cafe in immediate area)	
May 2 2007 	Fantastic	We stayed here for two nights in early April. We were lucky enough to be staying in an execuituve room with the full use of the execuitive floor. I would reccomed any body to pay the extra and do this. The room was enormous we were there with our 9 year old daughter and usually end up tripping up over the pull out bed, not in this case there was plenty of space. It was a well decorated room with everything you could ask for clock radio, DVD player even scales in the bathroom! The bed was also huge and extreemly comfy.We used the execuitive floor for breakfast again everything you could wish for and plenty of choice. We were able to use this room anytime we wished for drinks or snacks. Also available were a couple of computers if you needed them.The hotel is very well situated for the Tube and the Docklands Light railway, it took us about 10 minutes and we were in the heart of the city.	
Apr 28 2007 	Love it!!!!	I checked in over the Easter weekend for a 3 nights. I arrived at the hotel pretty early around 10:30 AM and at the front desk was notified that I have been upgraded to the Exec floor and hence would need to checked in using the Executive Lounge on the 14th florr. As it is too early in the morning, my room has not been readied so I was invided to have breakfast in the lounge while my room is being prepared.The executive room is a large size with furniture in dark modern oriental color, quite pleasing to the eyes. The bed is plush with several pillows in various firmness support. There is a safe in the room to keep your valuables.Bathroom is large with separate shower and bath, stocked with the excellent Crabtree &amp; Evelyn products. The lighting is a bit subdued for my taste. The amenities are very complete with a digital weight scale. There is a loose tile in my bathroom. The lounge is clean bright and modern look. It also has a skyview to the London skyline abeit from afar. The morning breakfast in the lounge is a combination of cold cuts, scramble eggs, sausages and English bacon. The afternoon tea has cookies and some cakes. Evening snack is canapees, egg rolls, chicken wings and satay skewers pedending on the day. There is a Capucino machine, still and sparking water as well as a mini-fridge with assorted sodas. The morning breakfast also have orange, grapefruit and pinaples juice available.The hotel is kept very tidy and service is done in a quiet manner. It is one of the better Hilton that I have stayed so far. The location is also good with a quick 15 minutes tube ride to central London away to the hussle of downtown London or using the DLR to the Bank station.	
Apr 27 2007 	Hilton is OK	We stayed here for one night in April 07 as my wife was running the London Marathon. We were upgraded to the executive suites which was good, the room is big and bed was great. The bathroom is superb, there is a separate shower and bath and you can even hear the TV in bathroom on special speakers in there! We were offered a free breakfast in the executive lounge but this wasn’t until 8.00am, far too late for the marathon so we asked if we could have it downstairs in the normal restaurant which we weren’t able to do, which seems a bit odd. Good shopping to be had at Jubilee Place and Canary wharf (nearest tube station) and DLR seemed Ok (broke down though on marathon day!). The DLR is right outside the hotel and lower rooms will be opposite it, if you are a light sleeper make sure you request a room away from this!To be honest we won’t stay at this hotel again, this was just for location to the marathon start.	
Apr 16 2007 	A wonderful find	Spent a couple of days here over Easter. Had a suite so were able to take advantage of the executive lounge on 14 floor.Throughout the hotel the staff were very efficient, polite and helpful. Our junior suite was very large and had spectacular views overlooking the Thames with London in the distance. Everywhere was spotless. Our standard Hilton break included dinner on the first night which was more than adequate for a freebie. We have stayed in Hilton Docklands across the water before but never again as this place knocks spots off it.It costs £15 per 24 hours to park the car which we considered very reasonable for London. It was also nice to have all the shops and the boat to the City on your doorstep. All in all a brilliant find and one which we will be back to often. The Easter egg on the pillow was a lovely touch!!!!	
Mar 26 2007 	Absolutely Spot On	Stayed for two nights direct with the Hotel and paid £197 for double room, breakfast both days &amp; dinner on the first day. This represented excellent value for an excellent stay and I thank the previous reviews in Tripadvisor for directing me towards this superb new hotel.I'd recommend looking through the previous reviews which basically tells it how it is. The hotel is in Canary Wharf (not surprising given the Hotel's name!l) so if you must be next to a specific thing in London and this is not convenient for that, then it may not be the hotel for you. However, it is a little harsh to hold the hotel's location against it; surely that's something you investigate, prior to organising accommodation. As Canary Wharf goes it is excellently located close to two tube lines (5 min walk to Jubilee, 1 min walk to DLR). As others have said, the hotel is next to the DLR and there is some outside noise, which may or may not offend you. Usually this does with me (light sleeper) - therefore I rang the hotel in advance and requested (and received) a room on the far side of the hotel and the noise was very minimal and did not, thankfully offend me. Mind you if you are on a low floor and on the wrong side, I'm sure the noise would have offended me. The food - excellent breakfast as always. The dinner on the first night was much better than expected given previous comments; you get at least three choices of starters, main and deserts, and my other half &amp; I really enjoyed this. The restaurant is modern and a pleasant place to eat in. The room - excellent again which should be expected given the newness of the hotel. More floor space than I usually find and all in an excellent state of repair. Gowns, iron &amp; board, tea, coffee, toiletries, water, comfy chair, lcd tv etc; the rooms are well appointed. And for the bed - well again i was a little wary given previous comments and my enjoyment for my own bed. But we could not find any fault with it at all - two very good nights sleep in a comfy bed with comfortable pillows and duvet. And an excellent touch - a 5pm checkout. With the Hilton 2 night deal (with dinner on first night), you can request up to 6pm checkout, which enabled us to make something of the Sunday and then freshen up before our journey home. Again, I confirmed this in advance of booking direct with the hotel and there was no issues at check in with this request.Service again was something I couldn't find fault with and overall this is likely to become my hotel of choice for London. The slight compromise of being a little out of the Centre (though well served for transport links) with the quality you receive for your money fits what i want from a hotel and I really enjoyed my stay.	
Mar 13 2007 	Nice place no sleep..	Writing this after my second night of terrible sleep. The first I will blame on jet lag, the second is due to the bed. Hard as a rock, no sheet, just a comforter that makes you too hot when on, and too cold when off. The rest of the hotel is nice, good staff, great bar/restaurant. From looking at the other reviews, I would recommend booking a suite, as those folks seemed to like the beds.The hotel is very close to the Canary Wharf tube station, as well as an underground mall. Other than that, mainly businesses. I wouldn't suggest staying here when traveling for pleasure, I prefer something in the middle of town.	
Mar 12 2007 	Modern and Excellent Customer Service	We arrived by Docklands Light Railway (DLR) on Friday night on 9th March for a weekend break in London, Hilton is right next to the South Quay DLR station. Checking in was very efficient, upon arrival on the ground floor at the reception, we were warmly greeted and informed that we had been upgraded to an executive room. We were then directed to the 14th Floor where the receptionist had already got our reservation details and checking-in form ready. We were very impressed with the efficient service and the receptionist attention. They do really know the true meaning of excellent customer service. Our room was on the 13th Floor with a very good view of the Canary Wharf and the Docklands. It was an executive room with generous space and all the extras you ever needed for your stay. It had an oversized comfortable bed with plenty of cushions, pillows and light quilt. The bathroom had a separate shower cubicle as well as the bath tub with one wall fully covered with mirror, a variety of toiletries were available for the guests. The decor of the room was modern, practical, airy and bright with large desk for work and a separate cupboard for the flat screen TV and Tea/Coffee making facilities. The room also had a small glass table for the complimentary bottle waters with a separate small swivel low level sofa and a foot rest for the relaxing moments. We booked our stay on the Hilton's own website with a special weekend deal including dinner on the first night. The restaurant was on the ground floor, both the food and the service were excellent, the staff had the right attitude in customer service, well trained and very polite. The meal was not the standard Hilton’s buffet dinner, but a properly selection from the restaurant’s menu. It also had a good selection of wine on the wine list. The food was well presented and very well prepared by this hotel’s chef, it was of high quality both in terms of taste and presentation. The hotel is a non-smoking hotel which can only mean good clean air, but any smoker will have to go outside the building for their “re-charging”. Breakfast was the usual excellent Hilton buffet breakfast with a variety of English cooked breakfast, continental breakfast and various selections of fresh fruit, cereal, bread and even some unusual oriental snacks (tofu, seaweed, spring onion etc). The breakfast was included in the deal, the quality of the food and service of the staff were both very high. Make the best use of the Executive Lounge if you are in an executive room, it is on the 14th top floor with a stunning view of London and complimentary drinks and cakes. You can use the Internet and office facilities, I actually drafted this review on one of their desktop computers that were available for guests. One negative point of this otherwise excellent hotel was the noise from the DLR railway, even on the 13th floor, I could still hear it whenever a train passed through especially when it was quite at night. However, the DLR stopped running not long after midnight, so we still managed to get a good night sleep. Given its convenient location, this was a small price to pay. The DLR was a little slow and infrequent compare to the Underground; we therefore took the 5 minutes walk across the bridge to the Canary Wharf Underground station. The underground train was fast and it was very frequent and this took us to the centre of London around 15 minutes on the Jubilee Line. This was one of the best hotels I had stayed in so far, Hilton has so far lived up to our expectation, I can highly recommend this to anyone who is staying in London. Although it is not located centrally, but I like the Canary Wharf area, it is peaceful with excellent views away from the busy centre.	
Feb 27 2007 	Good value Good location	Booked a two night stay including breakfast both days and evening meal on first night for £179.Evening meal was absolutely awful, supposedly nouveau cuisine but simply an excuse to serve minute portions of tasteless food. However everything else was great and in contrast to the evening meal, the buffet breakfast was fantastic. Room very nicely decorated, 11th floor had great panoramic view from Greenwich to Crystal Palace. The location is also good just yards from South Quay DLR station. From here you can get into central London quickly.	
Feb 22 2007 	Fantastic views	We booked this hotel because of the excellent deal available which included a half price room for children under 18 on the same terms. We upgraded to an executive room (£123 instead of £89 standard), so that our chidren could have a twin. We had some difficulties with the call centre and paying the deposit, but our problems ended there.The hotel is easy to find and we were checked in quickly and efficiently, although we arrived earlier than the specified time one of our rooms was ready, and the other wasn't long.Rooms were spotless, staff were friendly and food good. Our deal included dinner on the first night - this was from a set menu with three choices for each course and was good value.The executive rooms come with access to the executive lounge where you can enjoy afternoon tea and pre dinner drinks and canapes (inluded in room rate) and there is a fantastic view across London from here - with the key sights etched on the windows. Breakfast can also be taken in the lounge and although it states continental, there was also bacon, scambled eggs, sausage mushrooms and tomotoes available. If this isn't enough you can still use the main dining room. The lounge also has a couple of pCs for internet access and free wireless access. Soft drinks and tea/coffee are available all day	
Feb 14 2007 	Not great for light sleepers	Stayed in an exec twin room on the 11th floor. Nice hotel, clean and modern room decor. Bed very comfortable. Bathroom average. Whilst being located so close to the DLR is an advantage for travelling the disadvantage is the sound of the DLR echoing around the hotel until late and from early in the morning. The main air conditioning in the room is also quite noisy.Restaurant is very nice though.	
Feb 10 2007 	My New Fave London Haunt!	All I can say is WOW!I have had the pleasure of staying in a selection of 4 and 5 star hotels in London over the past year and the Hilton Canary Wharf is by far my favourite. I booked a Junior Suite via the hotel website and I must say the room was amazing. It is huge with the most comfortable bed I have slept in for ages. I sampled room service twice. Once in the evening and also breakfast. Both were very tasty, well presented and very quick to arrive. My only minor quibble was that the water in the shower and bath ( they are seperate btw) did not get as warm as I would like. I did leave feedback to this affect on checkout and I got a nice phone call from the manager on my return to speak to me about it. Finally the location is fab. Right beside South Quays DLR stop and 5 mins walk from Canary Wharf tube stop. Fab place	
Feb 1 2007 	Awesome hotels but uncomfortable rooms	The hotel has to be one of the cleanest, stylist, best positioned hotels in London if you need the docklands. As soon as you walk through the door you are greated by efficient and courteous staff looking to meet your every needs. The lobby and restaurant area immediatly open up in front of you, and show a new class of style and elgance some of the older Hiltons lack.The rooms are also exceptionally well laid out, very spacious, and stylish. However this is where the stay for me falled short. The rooms have no opening windows, and with a choice of air conditioning or over heating, you are very limited in what choice you have. The air conditioning is particular drying and makes the room uncomfortable to be in.The bed was also a massive disappointment. Having stayed at this hotel on many occassions as a sole occupant, the beds are extremely comfortable. However when sharing with my wife, the bed lacks all independnce in its spring and cushioning, to a point where any small movement by one, was felt by the other. The hotel took my complaint on board, and where courteous enough to refund part of my stay. That said, no amount of compensation covers having to sleep on the floor in a room where the air is also so dry you end up awake most of the night.I still state that this is one of the best located hotels in the docklands, and I would consider it again, but only as sole occupant.	
Jan 20 2007	Best Hilton Experience in London	In looking for the perfect hotel at which to stay, we read the reviews here online and are now so glad that we did. i strongly concur that this is the best Hilton in the London area. As noted, the DLR stop is immediately adjacent to the hotel, and the newer Jubilee Line Tube station is a very easy, short walk. I'm a diamond member, and the staff at the Canary Wharf Hilton were among the best I've seen anywhere. Actually treat you as though you are a valued and honored guest. Wish I could state this about most of the Hilton properties but alas ...The hotel is new, even so, the housekeeping staff are quite good -- this establishment is spotlessly clean. The executive rooms are large and nicely laid out with large bathrooms -- separate tub and shower, excellent. I had checked in Friday evening, and the wife and our 8 yr. old joined me on Saturday. The staff had a roll-away bed already in place, and with the generously sized room, this was no problem finding a place for the roll-away. Staff at the excellent executive lounge suggested, (during check-in), that we take our included-with-the-booked-package dinner on Saturday night, so the family could join me. Dinner worked out simply fine. The hotel restaurant is quite good, service was exemplary and the food choices were superb. We also appreciated and ordered from the decent wine list. The executive lounge was very well done, wireless access, great breakfasts and a spectacular view West towards the city center. The bar downstairs was a bit awkwardly situated in the space between the lobby and the restaurant, affording no feeling of privacy or coziness, but this seems a small quibble. In addition to the hotel restaurant, the cafe, restaurant, and bar scene in/around Canary Wharf are quite lively with a varied selection of cuisines and nightlife offerings. Having stayed at several Hilton properties in London, I will make Canary Wharf my first choice preference.	
Jan 10 2007 	Great new Hotel	Stayed at this hotel on one of the deals where you get breakfast and evening meal on the first night.Arrived and went to checking and was told that we should checking in the executive lounge on the 14th floor. When we arrived at the lounge they where expecting us and had all the paperwork ready.Booked an executive room but as a Hilton gold card holder got upgraded to a junior suite. Room was large with a divider to separate the bed room part from the lounge. Had a great view towards London. The separator is just wooden bars and so not a separate room. Huge bed.Bathroom was large with a separate shower and bath. Executive lounge is large with great food and drinks in the evening. Staff are incredibly friendly and helpful and always seem to remember your name.The evening meal included with the deal we went on was OK. You had a selection of about 3 items for each course. Not a great choice.Breakfast is the usual Hilton Buffet and was never that busy at the weekend which was great.The hotel is very modern and in the evenings has candles everywhere. The location is not to bad. Great if you want Canary Wharf but otherwise there is a DLR station just outside the hotel and it is only a short walk to the Canary Wharf tude stop.Overall a great hotel with very friendly staff and new rooms.	
Nov 27 2006	Great Hotel and Location	My daughter and I stayed 2 nights a the Canary Wharf Hilton. We had a deal which included evening meal on the first night and then two night's bed and breakfast. The Hotel staff were very efficient. The evening meal was good. Full English breakfast (buffet style) was excellent. We found the location very good. It is accessible on the London Underground via a shopping centre at Canary Wharf which was only a 5 minute walk away. We also used the Docklands Light Railway which we could use with our underground 3 day pass. This is right next to the hotel.Would use this hotel again.	
Nov 21 2006 	Brilliant Hotel.	Arrived after booking on London Town, and was happy with every aspect of the hotel. Got a deal whereby dinner is included on the first night....dinner was buffet style and very nice, plenty of choice and a good variety of salad, sweets etc.The cooked breakfast was the best I have had anywhere in the world! Faultless. A quick mention to the staff who were professional and very friendly, we had a fire alarm on Saturday night after a guest lit a cigarette in their room, the hotel was evacuated in about 5 minutes! and as I had run out of my room in barefeet I was chased by a member of staff brandishing a pair of slippers! They were obviously well trained for such events, and handed out silver blankets to anyone who wanted them as it was very cold. We all got a nice hot cuppa when we got back inside the hotel, all in all I couldn't recommend this hotel highly enough, and I wouldn't hesitate to use it again next time I visit London.An extra note, although this is docklands it is very well served by shops and bars/restaurants. It also has a railway line which stops at the entrance of the hotel, I think it is the DLR line, the stop is called South Quay. Central London is very easily reached either by car or short train journey, we had a great time trawling around the Tower of London and the National Gallery.The hotel rooms were spotless, very modern with wireless internet, coffee, tea and minibar. Room service snacks were lovely too.10/10 for everything.... Loved it.	
Nov 20 2006 	attentive service	First morning there was no reduced sugar jam at breakfast, being a diaibetic I can not eat the full sugar option. I commented about it when asked if everything was alright at breakfast time, I was told by a staff member that there would be some jam the next morning. I wondered whether my request would be acted on. I was delighted to find the right jam there the next morning, it proves they listen to their guests staying there.	
Nov 4 2006 	Lovely hotel friendly staff	My husband and I recently stayed here and absolutely loved it. Perfect location - quiet and yet only a short tube ride from the heart of London. Staff were extremely friendly - I would like to commend them all to the management! The room was lovely. We ate at the restaurant one night and thoroughtly enjoyed our salt marsh lamb - lovely menu. Breakfast was superb. I would highly recommend this hotel with its great location and staff.	
Nov 3 2006 	Ultra modern with great service	I stayed at the Hilton Canary Wharf for one night in October. I couldn't get into the Four Seasons or Marriott in Canary Wharf and my travel agent booked me at this hotel. As this hotel was only months old, I didn't even know there was another hotel in Canary Wharf. Nestled among the many modern buildings by Marsh Wall is this ultra modern hotel. Upon checking in at the front desk, I was informed that I was upgraded to a Junior Suite and escorted to the Executive Lounge on the 14th floor for special check in. The lounge was beautiful, with great views and nice decor. The lounge served breakfast, snacks and drinks. Although it was over when I checked in, which was after 9pm. The service was excellent with the lounge attendant and the downstairs clerk both being extremely attentive and personable. As the lounge stopped serving food, I bought Indian takeout at the restaurant directly across from the hotel and brought it back to the lounge and ate while I worked on the computer. They had two or three computers with internet connection. Although they charged for hi speed internet in room, it was free in the lounge.The junior suite was located on the 9th floor and it was very modern with a partition between the sitting area and the bed. The bathroom was very large with separate shower and tub. Overall, it was extremely well appointed, but modern. If you were looking for more traditional decor, this is not it. One small complaint was that my room had only one TV. It was a flat panel TV that served both the sitting area and the bed. As the room was rather large, the TV was about 14 feet away when you are sitting in bed, maybe they could have spring for another TV by the bed. As the Four Seasons and the Marriott are always busy, the Hilton Canary Wharf is a great alternative, especially if you want to be near Canary Wharf (it is a short walk over a foot bridge to get to the Underground station). I will bet that as people hear of the Hilton, these upgrades will be more difficult to come by.	
Nov 1 2006 	Average Stay	I stayed at the Hilton Canary Wharf recently and i must say it was a pretty average stay. I was expecting a wow being a new hotel but left feeling a bit deflated. I was not too impressed with the location as it's situated a little bit too far from the restaurants and bars and at night it is very quiet around the hotel area. Check in was good but i don't like all these loyalty membership forms being pushed on me, especially when on a leisure visit. The room was quite large but lacking in warmth. I didn't like the furniture at all and it would have been nice to have a sofa in the room. The tv was very small.We ate in the restauarant that evening and we both found the food to be poor. The choice on the menu was not very imaginative and the food quality although presented nicely tasted poor.Breakfast the next morning was quite pleasant but for a Sunday morning at 9.30 you could kick a football around the restaurant it was so quiet which was great as we were able to relax and read our papers.Check out was friendly although when i asked to leave my luggage till later they were not too keenfor some reason.Overall, an average stay.	
Oct 30 2006 	Friendly modern hotel	We've just returned from our second short stay at the Canary Wharf Hilton. This hotel is clean, modern, and a nice change from some of the more tired Hiltons in the West End. As Gold card members, we were upgraded to an Executive Room and staff couldn't do enough. The room was decorated to a high standard and the bathroom facilities were excellent. Although the location isn't ideal, it's an easy 20-30 minutes' underground journey into the heart of London. Our only complaint was with the drains in the bathroom sink. For some reason on both visits, the sinks were draining very slowly and on our first stay, it became completed blocked!Would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Oct 17 2006 	The best London Hilton	A great, new Hilton in London. Modern, well appointed, great executive floor lounge. The staff was not only very helpful, they are actually happy and seem to be enjoying themselves!	
Oct 15 2006 	Hilton Canary Wharf Rocks		
Oct 14 2006 	Excellent all round		
Sep 6 2006 	Great stay - v. spacious rooms		
Sep 6 2006 	A perfect stay		
Sep 4 2006 	Dour look on the outside smart design inside		
Aug 28 2006 	Modern		
Aug 25 2006 	Absolutely first class		
Aug 2 2006 	Wonderful new hotel		
Jul 26 2006 	Excellent new Hilton!		
Jul 14 2006	excellent stay		
Aug 20 2009 	Super-Hotel in Super-Lage		
Jan 8 2008 	estupendo en navidad		
