Nov 23 2009 	Maybe I was unlucky...	The front desk was busy with guests seeking to change their rooms when I arrived, as was different guest when I left for my meeting in the morning. Yet another guest stood attempting the same thing when I returned in the evening. The staff were friendly and efficient, but had few options available. I switched rooms because the bed in my first room was broken.Room 318 - The bed sagged heavily to one side and made me feel like I was falling out of bed. The window opened onto a courtyard with several noisy extraction fans. The room was small, but the hotel was inexpensive given it's location. There was room for a double bed, but I'm not sure where your luggage would go. My overnight bag fit under the desk. I am not a giant, but at 6 foot (ca. 185cm) I could put my palm on the ceiling without fully extending my arm. The room was roughly the size of a small ship's cabin.The bathroom was fine.Room 308 - You could get in and out of either side of the bed and the bed was flat (an improvement). The room was extremely warm, but at four AM I discovered this was because the heated towel rack in the bathroom was turned on full power. Again, the ceiling was low, but the room was otherwise adequate.--If I had been given room 308 on the first night and had discovered the heat source earlier, I would probably have given the hotel a positive review. As it is, I saw several rooms in addition to the ones I slept in. Those on the ground floor open directly onto the street - as in shake-hands-with-passersby-from-your-bed directly onto the street. Not so good if you like to sleep with the window cracked for fresh air.The staff were friendly.	
Nov 17 2009 	The best hotel I have stayed in for years	Excellent staff, the rooms are first class as is the service, I would recommend it to anyone. It is in an ideal spot for getting around London.	
Nov 14 2009 	Authentic 18th century experience in the 21st century!	Purpose of the trip was business. My colleague and I visit London every year for 7 days of meetings. We always stay in Mayfair. Our requirements are: 2 bedroom apartment with living/lounge room (for meetings) and small kitchennette. Basically a home-office away from home - nothing too upmarket.I stumbled upon this hotel after a disastrous almost -booking with Curzon St apartments. We stayed in the ground floor apartment next the hotel. It has it's own separate entry which is quite charming. The street view is attractive. There are 3-4 apartments all up that are accessed through this separate entryway. Ours was a 2 level, 2 bedroom-2 bathroom-kitchen-lounge room apartment. Entry floor was the kitchen and lounge room. Downstairs were the bedrooms and bathrooms.Kitchennette was good. Modern clean looking appliances (microwave, fridge, toaster, stovetop) with Euro laundry. Not sure how often these were used. We ordered two filter coffee machines from the Flemings restaurant to use during the meetings. Lucky I decided to give it a test run before serving coffee to our clients - bits of white filmy goo were &quot;filtered&quot; out. No problems - I thought - this should clean itself out in 1or 2 filter cycles. I gave up after passing plain water (with no filter paper) through the machine continuously for a day and there was no let up in the goo being produced. I felt sick. No hotel breakfast for me. The lounge room was a fantastic size. This is the highlight of the apartment. A meeting with 5-8 people was easily accomodated. It was decorated in the Olde Worlde style of period furniture - fake fireplace, three lounge sofas, a couple of armchairs, buffet. Unfortunately, it really is old. Showing signs of wear and tear. A positive was the dining table in the alcove between the kitchen and lounge room. Handy to set up laptops, store papers etc.I unfortunately drew the short straw and got the master bedroom. Room size was very good. However it felt like a dungeon with dark furnishings/trimmings in period style. Artificial lighting was provided sparingly. The room did have a window and door (locked) to the outside. I wanted to open the window for some fresh air respite from the oppressive heating, but upon opening the window, I didn't feel safe and the street noise was at the same decibel as when the window was closed. Two wardrobes for storage. I think there was a safe. My recollection is a bit hazy due to tiredness as the laundry truck parked outside the apartment work me up every morning at 5-6am. This is not bad luck for the year I stayed, another colleague stayed here the year after and was woken up by the same laundry truck and it's drivers. My bathroom entry was via the shared corridor. The bathroom size was ok - small, what I expected for London. NO RAIN SHOWER. In order to fit in the small bathroom, a small 3/4 size bathtub was provided. It offered a short corded handheld shower head. Having a bath and washing my hair involved contortions. I couldn't believe a GBP423 (excl 17%VAT)/night hotel would not have a standing shower. Even a shower over the bath would have sufficed.My colleague got the 2 single bed room. His ensuite bathroom had a standing shower. But the pressure and temperature was not so great. The cheap shower could have done with some proper grouting and a good clean.The apartment also had a private garden/terrace area. This was closed due to outside building renovations when we stayed. I think the renovations have completed - so you should be able to access. This looked nice.Staff: met some requirements, won't go beyond duty. Housekeeping: met most requirements. There was free wireless from the hotel. Unfortunately it did not extend an extra 2 metres into the apartment. It was inconvenient to have to decamp to the Library in the hotel or lean outside the lounge room window onto the street to check emails. Location of the apartment is outstanding. 30secs to Green Park, 2 min to Buckingham Palace. Easy walking distance to night spots eg Dover St. 5-10min walk to most hotels in Mayfair and Hyde Park. The running tracks in Green Park are very good. Shopping is close by (Regent St and Oxford St) 10-15min walk. Tesco is around the corner. Sainsbury and Marks and Spencer is 10min walk. There is a dry cleaner and Kikiu (japanese restaurant) a few doors down, Cafe Nero at the corner or Curzon and Half Moon St, recommend getting a free coffee card. If you are travelling with kids and only staying for a short time 1-2 days, this apartment would be perfect with lots of space. Otherwise find somewhere else before the cracks start to show.Flat screen tv in lounge room, can't remember what was in the bedrooms - but I think they were small CRT tube tvs.Needless to say, I stayed at Green Park Hilton and the Ascott Mayfair after this experience at less than half the rate and triple the comfort.	
Nov 14 2009 	A beautiful home from home	I have been lucky enough to stay on my many business trips to London, and I have always found the staff to be very friendly, warm and welcoming.The rooms are very plush, roomy and tastefully decorated, situated in Mayfair with lots of eateries and classy bars within easy walking distance. There's also links to bus and underground close by, making it ideal for reaching anywhere in the capital.The atmosphere is so welcoming, I almost expect my mum to be waiting for me! I would highly recommend this hotel to any traveller coming to London who is looking for a luxurious stay at a realistic price.	
Nov 4 2009 	OK	An OK hotel. The staff were friendly and the room OK. Attention to detail a bit off, the plug in our bath was broken and one coffee cup was really chipped - but nothing serious wrong. Great location.	
Nov 2 2009 	A perfect address	Flemings has to be The Perfect Address in London , you cant get any more central or accessible and quiet. For those of us that enjoy a morning run access to Hyde Park is ideal . Its lovely to see the food and beverage areas being refurbished. The place is looking really sharp. As always the service is exceptional . This place is a gem, at a sensible price for central London	
Oct 25 2009 	Better than expected- lovely stay!	My &quot;mature&quot; uncle- he is in his 80's and does not like the term elderly- waited to visit London and asked if I would accompany him. We arranged our travel through Virgin Vacations and selected Flemings Mayfair based upon reviews on this site. As with other travelers from the states, we arrive before the official check in time. The front desk staff informed us that our room was not yet available and immediately asked if we would like to check our luggage. We did not expect our room to be available upon arrival and already had tickets to attend the Knitting and Stitching show at Ally Pally. Upon our return from the show to the hotel we were greeted with a smile and an open door. The front desk staff was very friendly and arranged for our luggage to be brought to our room- which was on the first floor. The room was nicely decorated and comparable in size to other European hotels that I have stayed in.I did find it odd that the rooms lack drawers. As one other reviewer mentioned, I too had difficulty reaching the shelf in the armoire. We did not experience any problems with noise even though we were at street level (I believe we looked out onto Clarges Street).  The concierge staff- Alberto and Neil- were very helpful with their recommendations for local restaurants. We were very happy with their selections for Indian and Italian cuisine. We enjoyed our breakfast - included in the package- at the hotel and found the food to meet our expectations. If you choose not to eat at the hotel, there are several coffee shops within a block or two from the hotel.  My uncle was very impressed by the friendliness of the staff. Everyday the staff asked my uncle what was the plan for the day and assisted him in determining whether an overcoat and umbrella was necessary. Upon return from our outing, the staff always opened the door and attentively listened to my uncle's review of the day. I can't say enough about the attentiveness and caring that the staff displayed to my uncle. We had a lovely stay.	
Oct 15 2009 	Perfect home away from home for a solo traveller	The Flemings Mayfair was a great find. It is in a perfect location just blocks from the Ritz Hotel and close to the theatre district. The room was small but well appointed, very clean and recently renovated. The closest Tube station is green park on the Piccadilly line so if you arrive at Heathrow you can take the line directly to the stop, then walk three blocks to the hotel.	
Oct 15 2009 	My new favorite in London	Although I live in Atlanta, GA, I am an Anglophile who has visited London approximately 35 times and stayed in at least 20 different hotels, including some of the big boys such as The Connaught, Claridges, The Ritz and The Savoy, all of which I loved. My recent experience at Flemings was right up there, but certainly less expensive. My wife and I arrived in their lobby at 8:10 AM, after flying all night. The gentlemen at the front desk informed us that our room was not ready (as we knew would be the case), but just as I started to ask if the hotel would keep our luggage while we walked around (which is what we often do), he added that there was a small room that we were welcome to use and take a nap until our room was ready. Wow! That was a first for me. Our room was delightful and every member of the staff was friendly and professional. The location, just off Piccadilly, between Mayfair and St. James's, is absolutely perfect. The decor is very tasteful and I could not have asked for anything better. The value was outstanding. I definitely plan to stay there on my next visit.	
Oct 8 2009 	Excellent location	Located across the street from Green Park, a short walk to Buckingham Palace and down the road from Picadilly. Easy walk to most of the London highlights. Restaurants and bars in walking distance. Personnel very helpful. Beds comfortable. The only negative is that it can be noisy on the street side.	
Oct 8 2009 	Lovely Hotel Right in the Heart of London	We were definitely enchanted from the moment we arrived at the Mayfair. The concierge staff went way out of their way to answer any questions that we had and made us so welcomed. The lobby itself is very charming and beautiful. Our room was a little small, but was extremely comfortable and had air conditioning that was actually working extremely well (hard to find in Europe). The Mayfair is right in the heart of London on a beautiful, safe, quiet street. Five minutes across the park and you are at Buckingham Palace. A few minutes to Shepard's Market where you have a number of lovely restaurants to choose from. You are in walking distance to many of the London sights. We had a wonderful stay and will not hesitate staying at the Mayfair the next time we are in London.	
Oct 2 2009 	The epitome of English Engineering - things are expected not to work	I am writing this review much belated, as the stay was a year ago. But as I visit London every October, I am reminded about it - this year I am staying somewhere else!!We took the two bedroom apartment opening onto Halfmoon Street. Construction next door (but that should be finished by now - maybe). Bedrooms downstairs, living, dining and kitchen upstairs. The latter were ok - nice and roomy, but the bedrooms and bathrooms were terrible. Something out of a Jane Austin book. Billed as bedrooms with individual on-suites - one of them did not have a shower and in the other, the stand alone shower water regulator simply did not work. The hotel advised that there was nothing wrong with it and that it was designed that way! This apartment was extremely noisy - especially for the front bedroom - were the 6.00am delivery of linen woke my colleague every day (see pic taken from Hilton across the street).The hotel provided free wireless - it just didn’t extend to our apartment!.On the positive side, a couple of the staff actually spoke passable English.Location is good, being close to the centre of Mayfair – over-priced restaurants – and Piccadilly.	
Sep 29 2009 	Excellent hotel in a wonderful location	I stayed a week ago in Flemings in Mayfair. I can say the room was very good and in good size if you compare to others European hotels. The locations are fantastic, with walk distance to the park, restaurants, shops and the tube. I only have good things to say about the hotel, and definitely recommend to others.	
Sep 18 2009 	Flemings Mayfair Is Fairly Good	TripAdvisor travelers really are spot-on in their reviews of this hotel. I had read several before traveling, so I knew what to expect.When my friend and I arrived at the hotel, tired from a very long flight from the U.S., the door was opened for us and we were immediately greeted by a bellhop, who took our luggage. As we had been warned, the desk clerk, a young woman, was rather snippy with us. (She partially redeemed herself the next day, when were in need of a camera repair store and she graciously looked up places on the Internet and printed out a map of the area.) The rest of the staff were extremely nice.The hotel is in a prime location. The neighborhood is upscale (right near the Ritz and the Woseley), and the hotel is a mere three blocks to the Green Park tube station. Half-Moon Street is quiet and out of the way, and it's right near Shepherd's Market, which is full of restaurants. Our room was small but comfortable. However, there were a few drawbacks. There were NO drawers for our clothes, so we were forced to put all of our clothes for the week on the top shelf of the closet and hang up whatever we could fit in the closet. I am short, so this was rather inconvenient.The bathroom was lovely and clean, but the bathtub was so high it made climbing in and out a dangerous predicament every day. The shower controls were a bit complicated, and it took a while to get used to them.(A warning to U.S. flat-iron users: Your flat iron will not work, even with a converter. You're better off just buying a cheap one there, as I ended up doing.)There was also no full-length mirror, and we could have used a make-up/shaving mirror in the bathroom.As for breakfast, don't bother. The one time we ate in the hotel restaurant, we were given the choice between a hot English buffet breakfast for 18 pounds and a cold American buffet for 16. The English breakfast consisted of runny eggs and lots of pork products that I can't eat. The American breakfast consisted of dry cereal and pastries. You're better off going to the Pret a Manger down the street.Overall, the hotel is clean, nicely decorated (I found the fake-book elevator amusing), and comfortable. I would recommend it.	
Sep 17 2009 	Beautiful Hotel in Great Location (but bring your own restaurant and tourist guide!)	We stayed in a very large, luxurious room with two queen size beds, separated a good distance, a sitting area and a large newly renovated bathroom. It was beautiful. Clean, A/C worked great. Beautiful common areas. Location was superb. Safe and pretty but walking distance from both Piccadilly and Buckingham Palace. 2 blocks from the tube. Only complaint was that, despite the desk marked &quot;concierge,&quot; they don't really have anyone to help you with touristy stuff. We invested in a Michelin Guide for restaurants and bought theater tickets at the large tourist office near Trafalgar Square and we were fine but don't rely on the hotel for this assistance. Also, no free WiFi, which just bugs me when you're spending many hundreds of dollars a night. Most Pret a Manger cafes have free WiFi so I just stopped in from time to time for coffee and internet access.	
Sep 14 2009 	Good value	Even though the rooms are very small, they have been cleverly furnished. They decoration of the room is nicely done and everything looks quite new. The location is very convenient for visiting London. Lots of nice restaurants and shops in the neighbourhood. Green Park is the closest tube station.	
Sep 13 2009 	Great Service - Wonderful Hotel	We booked this hotel as part of the Virgin Atlantic package. We were two ladies....first time in London and we were unsure as to what to expect. We were very pleasantly surprised. The staff at the Flemings Mayfair are absolutely wonderful...helpful and so courteous. We were treated so special that is was hard to leave. We arrived on Sunday before they had a chance to get our room ready. They offered to keep our luggage safe and gave us another room to use to freshen up before we went out to tour London.Our room was a little smaller than those in the US but plenty large enough for us. It was clean and the beds were very comfortable. There was a tea service with coffee and tea in the room.The breakfast buffet was plentiful and delicious with hot foods like sausages, eggs, ham, potatoes, beans and tomatoes. There was a table of fruits, breads and cheeses. We were served coffee or tea in a white tableclothed dining room.The hotel is located on Half Moon...a side street only a couple of blocks from the Green Park tube and all the bus stops. Even when walking back to the hotel after dark we felt safe in the area. We were only a short walk to Buckingham Palace from the Mayfair.There is a large fee for making long distance calls from your room in the hotel. They call it a connect charge. There is no connect charge for incoming calls from the US so we found it less expensive to have family and friends call us at the hotel.We really hated to leave the hotel when it was time to go back to the US. The Flemings Mayfair felt like a home away from home for us. We would definitely stay there again if we travel back to London.	
Sep 13 2009 	Truly Splendid	I first visited the Flemings Mayfair when I met an old friend for dinner at an adjacent Japanese restaurant (also very good for Japanese foodies!!). Then, I recall the wonderful greeting from the front of house team and the warm, friendly feeling that seemed to exist around the place. Rarely do you find happy employees in hotels but it feels as though the team really enjoy what they here. At that time, I knew we needed to make plans for some guests that were arriving from overseas. I asked if I could see some of the rooms and was introduced Simon who is, in fact, the General Manager. He showed me several room-types and also the apartments they have. Simon has a keen eye for detail and I can se why this hotel is as good as it is. What I also liked about this place is that it feels homely - many hotels are so stuffy that you actually cannot relax and if you ask for something you end up having to repeat the same question 5 times. It can feel as if you are in a commercial for compare the meerkats.com. Not at the Flemings - the people are attentive and responsive! Flemings is a boutique hotel with such charm and splendor. Recently, a group of friends were due to accompany us to the Last Night of the Proms and when they told us that they were booking an hotel, I immediately advised them to book in at the Flemings. So much so, that we also stayed the night too.We started in the bar (as you do) and were all impressed by the healthy selection of beverages. Given the post code, you would expect to be paying through the nose but this place really does offer quality and value. The bar and the restaurant are presently being refurbished but this did not interfere with us in the slightest and I look forward to returning when it is finished. The room we occupied was beautifully presented and had every amenity one could wish for. I have a pet hate about hotel beds but I have to say that I had the best nights sleep I have ever had in an hotel. Such comfortable beds and linen tookAs we had had a late night we took breakfast in the room and everything was really good.Because we were catering for our guests, we arrived by car and had no problem parking outside the hotel where there are plenty of spaces (you pay from 08:30 - 18:30 Monday to Saturday and if you are unlucky enough not to get a space then there were several other car parks we noticed as we left for home. Parking charges were not exorbitant either.All in all an excellent hotel in an excellent location with all the creature comforts. Well done Simon and his team!!!	
Sep 4 2009 	The perfect spot with great service and comfort	We took our two teen age sons (12 &amp; 15) to London for the first time. We booked through Virgin Vacations and The Flemings was one of the hotel choices. We could not have chosen better! The location was ideal. It is across from Green Park, 2 blocks from the tube, around the corner from Shepards market, minutes from Piccadilly but on a QUIET street. We walked the entire city and could always find a Tube to get us back to Green Park. We got 2 rooms both of which were well appointed and nice size. The boys got a little bored of the breakfast selections after a week and were missing pancakes and french toast. But the staff was courteous, knowledgeable and friendly. I would to hesitate to stay again (with or without the boys) and I would love to try one of their apartments next time.	
Sep 3 2009 	Flemings is without doubt the best hotel I have stayed at in London	Flemings is an outstanding gem located just off Green Park near The Wolsey and The Ritz. The rooms are breathtaking both in their scope and cleanliness. Nothing was too much trouble - we were pointed to Shepherd's Market for lunch which was a great find and the room itself was huge with a four poster bed and a beautiful bathroom.I cannot recommend this hotel highly enough; from the stunning reception area to the incredibly attentive and helpful staff, we never felt crowded just warmly welcome.Both myself and my wife cannot wait to book again and be indulged!	
Sep 1 2009 	An amazing place to stay!	On visiting Flemings we were simply amazed at the quality and feeling of luxury that surrounded us. We stayed in one of the apartments and were overwhelmed by the room - it really was a home from home!The service we received throughout our stay was outstanding - a real credit to the hotel and making our stay even more fulfilling. The staff made us feel incredibly welcome and were always willing to help.We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would strongly recommend staying at this hotel.	
Sep 1 2009 	A Fantastic Weekend	My partner and I enjoyed a fantastic stay recently at Flemings. We were attentively looked after and our apartment was wonderfully well appointed, both luxurious and homely. Certainly the comfiest bed I've ever slept in. The hotel is in the perfect location; quiet and private but within a stone's throw of Hyde Park and the in the heart of the West End. I could not recommend Flemings and their team more highly. An absolute gem.	
Aug 29 2009 	Flemings - a fantastic hotel for a special weekend!	From the very moment we entered into Flemings we were bowled over by the stunning reception area. The experience only got better when we were shown to our room, a huge apartment. The room had everything we could wish for, a huge bed, two bathrooms, a lounge and a kitchen. We were very impressed to say the least! The room was very clean and the furnishings were incredibly plush. The staff were incredibly friendly and helpful and bent over backwards to help us. The breakfast was lovely, with everything you could wish for. Given its location in central London, you would expect it to be relatively noisy. However we couldn't hear even a car tooting from our room. The hotel is incredibly tranquil and ideal for a getaway. When the last morning of our stay arrived (after two nights in a very comfortable bed,) I did not want to leave Flemings. I can honestly say that our weekend at Flemings was the most wonderful weekend away, and after being treated like royalty it was a bit of a shock to return to normal life!	
Aug 26 2009 	Great hotel choice for families	Stayed in one of the Flemings Mayfair apartments for four nights with three teenage kids. Great choice if you want space and convenience. The hotel is a five minute walk through Green Park to Buckingham Palace and is on a quiet side street off of Piccadilly. The apartments are great with one - three bedroom choices, full kitchens and a LR. Kids can get away from each other (and you!) when needed and can sleep separately. All rooms had TVs. Hotel staff was very helpful. Green Park Underground (subway) station is just a few blocks away and from there you can go anywhere in the city via the London Underground system, which few cities do as well. Tip: get an Oyster Card at the first Underground station you see and you'll save time and $$$ when you use the trains. It's a rechargeable &quot;credit card&quot; that you can give it back when you leave and they'll refund what you don't use plus the small fee to get the card initially!	
Aug 25 2009 	Most enjoyable.....	lovely period property with all the modern features that you need within a City hotel. Great location, right in the heart of Mayfair, although still surprisingly quiet.Staff were very attentive, and we were even upgraded for the night, which was very nice indeed.i would certainly recommend this to my friends.	
Aug 24 2009 	Lovely 	We spent a long time pondering over different hotels in London...I am so glad we chose this one. The room wasn't huge, but we had a good deal on it so couldn't complain. It was spotlessly clean &amp; very well presented. It had everything we needed, toiletries in the bathroom, big comfortable bed &amp; plenty of cushions, everything you expect from a 4 star. Across the road is Green Park, 5 mins walk to Buckingham Palace. Around the corner are plenty of little bars &amp; traditional pubs. Around the other corner is Pret &amp; Starbucks, and the tube! Oxford St is a 10 min walk ( max!) Very pleased with our stay - staff friendly &amp; helpful too. We'll definitely go back.	
Aug 20 2009 	average stay at the Flemings Mayfair	I stayed at this hotel for a week with a friend. The room was small, but clean and neat. We had two twin beds and one of the beds was extremely uncomfortable. Some basic amenities that you would expect to find at a hotel of this caliber, such as an iron and an alarm clock, were missing from the room. The staff were very polite but were slow to respond at times. Breakfast was included with the stay but very disappointing. There was little variety to the options and they were the same every day. The best thing to recommend the hotel was the location, which was convenient to the Tube and in walking distance to many sites. Overall it was an average stay but I would not stay there again.	
Aug 18 2009 	Tradition with a twist Flemings is one of the nicest hotel environments in London.	A warm welcome with genuine hotel staff goes a long way in London! I stay in Hotels on business all the time, as a lone female traveller it is so important to feel safe and not intimidated, when in hotels, and this can only be realized where staff are welcoming and have time for you. When in London I would recommend Flemings for either type of visit, business or pleasure. I was fortunate to stay in one of the beautiful, quite traditional Apartments. I understand, from talking to staff , that the Hotel is undergoing some refurbishment. This will completely modify the restaurant area and many of the rooms. This Hotel is comfortable, calm, unpretentious, and certainly does not feel like is situated within shouting distance of Buckingham Palace... and just across the road from The Ritz. I've been lucky enough to enjoy the afternoon tea at Flemings too, and I'd certainly pop back to the Library for the experience again! Now the important bit....My Bed was extremely comfortable, the soaps and shampoo's supplied in the bathroom were fresh and lovely. The rooms were clean, the bathroom was spotless and all the facilities did waht they were supposed to do. I plan stay in one of the 2 bedroom apartments when i stay in town with some friends for a forthcoming theatre trip as it will actually be more cost effective than getting a few rooms in a hotel, and you have the luxury of a living room, kitchen with cookeing faciclities and 2 bathrooms. Oh and have I mentioned the great flower displays in reception. Works of art in themselves!	
Aug 17 2009 	Superb	A first class hotel in a perfect location for business or leisure travellers, Flemings Mayfair is the ideal base in central London. The decor throughout is stunning, from the marble lobby to the superbly equipped, spacious and comfortable bedrooms &amp; bathrooms. The staff were extremely attentive, and went out of their way to please. Atmosphere very sophisticated yet friendly - the perfect combination. Would thoroughly recommend.	
Aug 12 2009 	Excellent hotel; outstanding service; great location!	Our family of 6 just spent five nights at the Flemings Mayfair and we had a wonderful experience. The location is perfect; the hotel is recently renovated; and the staff is totally committed to outstanding service. Traveling with such a big crew and a list of special requests, I always assume that some aspect of our stay will not be perfect -- so my ultimate measure of a hotel is how the staff responds and recovers from the inevitable mix-up. In the case of Flemings Mayfair, the staff responded and recovered better than any hotel we have ever experienced.If you are visiting in the next few months, note that they are renovating their main restaurant, so breakfast is served in the downstairs bar which is (a) under-airconditioned and (b) too small when the hotel is full.	
Aug 7 2009 	Wonderful time - great hotel excellent location great value.	I would highly recommend this hotel. It is centrally located in one of the best parts of London with many of the major tourist attractions within walking distance. The staff members were professional and courteous. The only caveat I would offer is that the internet access, which was available through the TV in our room, was pretty useless. That's about the only negative comment I can make. We will definitely stay at the Flemmings Mayfair if/when we return to London.	
Jul 29 2009 	Fantastic Location	Fantastic location &amp; great staff. Having stayed for 5 nights the Flemings Mayfair provided me with a home away from home. I was made to feel very welcome. Wonderful concierge staff &amp; the guys were always willing to assist, nothing was ever a problem. Will certainly stay here on my next visit to London.	
Jul 14 2009 	Lovely room in a fabulous location	Stayed here for 2 nights in May. Usually stay in the Hilton across the road but it was fully booked. It is a great location as it is an easy walk to Buckingham Palace, Picadilly and Knightsbridge. We were feeling energetic and walked Covent Garden talking time in Trafalgar Square en route.Booked a standard room which was a generous size and smartly decorated. It also included a small sofa which gave a feeling of space.Breakfast was extra and around £18 which you come to expect in similar hotels. However, it was freshly cooked to order and beautifully presented - a lovely treat.A great hotel. Would definitely stay here again although also like the Green Park Hilton which tend to have more special offers.	
Jul 13 2009 	What a fantastic hotel	FLEMINGS What can i say but first class in every department, one word to describe this hotel would be EXCELLENT.	
Jul 8 2009 	The best hotel in London fantastic in every way!!	We stayed at Flemings, with friends, last week. We were thoroughly spoilt by the General Manager and all the staff. I cannot recommend Flemings highly enough. The food was excellent, the room was perfect and the service second to none. Mr Scarborough, the General Manager, made some great recommendations on places to visit during our stay. We will return again soon.	
Jul 8 2009 	an oasis in the hustle and bustle of London	From the moment we arrived outside this elegant hotel in Mayfair we knew we were in for a treat. From the doorman to the receptionist and the all the other staff we encountered we were treated with charm and consideration, we could not have ask or expected more from them. We met the general manager Simon who was lovely and he even took the time to show us to the apartment we were staying in. Some of our party stayed in the hotel and the rooms were beautifully and tastefully decorated. The apartment was superb and it was just perfect to relax in and have the space to have our friends in for a drink before going out. The hotel is well located for getting about ,the nearest tube is only 3 mins walk and Green Park is just across the road, you can walk to Buckingham Palace in less than 10 mins. There are some lovely unique shops and bistros in waking distance. This hotel is a MUST if you are coming to visit London.	
Jul 8 2009 	Good location bed could be more comfortable	We 3 stayed 1 night in July 09 for weekend in crazy London. We booked 2 double rooms but there weren't on the same floor. Had a nice time there although had only 1 night. Rooms were ok of size, well appointed for a 4* in London. Downside of room is the noisy air con, uncomfortable bed (old mattress I think, hotel could replace them as a tip), rather small bathroom. Also there's only 1 (fun as a library) elevator in the hotel and no business center for internet access.But the concierge staff is really nice and helpful. Front desk could be nicer. Location is really nice, near Green Park tube station and bus stop. Nearby is Starbucks and Pret a manger for starting your day.There's also a FedEx Center nearby so you could use internet and print some stuff. Pay as you go. Ask concierge is case.All in all, had a pleasant stay but not sure we're going back there.	
Jul 6 2009 	Good Location Mediocre Hotel	This Hotel is near Green Park and walking distance to most of the major tourist sites.The room was average. The Bell boys were very friendly. The people at the registration counter were not friendly at all. At checkout, they tried to bill me for 2 breakfasts and an item from the refrigerator in the room. I got them to correct the &quot;error&quot;.They charge about 25 dollars per day for use of wifi, ouch! Go to the Pret A Manger coffee shop around the corner for free wifi.There are many hotels in the immediate area so you may opt for another place.	
Jul 5 2009 	Good location but a little expensive for what you get	The location of this hotel is fantastic, 3 mins walk from Green Park tube station, and not far from Picadilly circus. The room we had was quite small but was in a good state and had it's own air conditioning, which was a bonus during the summer. Staff seemed pleasant enough although we didn't spend a lot if time in the hotel, no issues with check in or check out.For it's size I felt the room was a tad over priced and was priced like that because of it's location only	
Jul 3 2009 	absolutely the best - congrats to the staff	We have just returned from our stay at the Flemings Mayfair. We stayed for 4 nights earlier in June and again for a couple of nights at the end of June. We are a family of 6 with 4 small children. We have travelled extensively with our kids and can say that the Flemings Mayfair is one of the best, if not the best, hotel at which we have stayed. We like to stay in comfort and close to the relevant attractions. This hotel fits the bill perfectly. It is in a quiet street so it is away from the hustle and bustle of traffic but at one end is Piccadilly and a short walk across the Green Park to Buckingham Palace and if you head the other way you can head towards Hyde Park or the Bond St/Regent St shops - both just a short walk away. So it is a wonderful location and easy to get to the Theatre district, shopping, parks and major landmarks. The location in my view, is perfect.As for the hotel itself we were so very impressed. Rooms were lovely, large and comfortable and beautifully presented and clean. Bathrooms new, luxurious and well thought out. However the best part about this hotel is the staff. From check-in which was fast and uncomplicated to the concierge and porters who had the bags looked after before you had time to blink, to the bar and breakfast staff, we were blown away by the efficiency and the friendliness of all of the staff. They knew where to go to eat, how to get anywhere and were always willing to help, friendly and professional in their manner. We can't wait to return to this hotel and give it our highest recommendation.	
Jul 3 2009 	A Great Value	I just returned from my stay in London and my decision to stay at the Flemings-Mayfair was based mainly on the reviews from TripAdvisor. Overall, I was satisfied with my decision and enjoyed my stay. The hotel is within walking distance to most of London's major sites and the Green Park tube stop is located a couple of blocks down Picadilly. The staff was friendly and always very helpful. I was traveling solo on this trip, so I booked a single room. My only complaint was that the room was rather small. I would certainly stay here again, but I'd up grade my room to a double. You can easily reach the Flemings-Mayfair from Heathrow by taking the Picadilly Line. I would recommend against doing this, since the line is heavily used by commuters and crowded most of the time. I discovered dot2dot (www.dot2.com), a great shuttle service to both major airports. A roundtrip fair between Heathrow and central London is under 40 pounds. I booked dot2dot back to Heathrow and had a charming driver and saved myself the headache of navigating a crowded tube station with heavy luggage. The staff will be glad to book day tours around London. I used Evan Evans, a local company, and took a day trip to Paris and another to Stonehenge, Bath, and Salisbury. Very happy with my choice and the tours. Overall, I really enjoyed my trip and very happy with my choice of the Flemings-Mayfair. I'd certainly return for another stay. Thanks to all of the other reviews on TripAdvisor. I will certainly consult this site for my next trip.	
Jun 30 2009 	World Class hotel exceptional service a real gem	The word opulence gives you an impression of grandure on an out of this world scale. That is what you get at Flemings. However, whilst you get the opulence and the grandure, there is none of the attitude that you would expect from a 4-5 star hotel in Mayfair.The staff are nothing but courteous and helpful and the General Manager, Mr Scarborough is a delightful chap whom with his staff seems only to be interested in providing a service to customers which far exceeds first class. I have stayed at Flemings on two occasions now and to be frank, I would not stay anywhere else in London as the rooms are exquisite.  On this particular visit my room was on the ground floor overlooking Half Moon Street. You would have thought that this would have been noisy, but I never heard a peep all night. The room was an extremely large room with a huge bed in the middle. Without being crude, my wife and I could lye at opposite ends of the bed and still not be able to reach eachother whilst holding our arms out. It was truely the most comfortable sleep in a hotel bed I have ever had !!The room was beautifully decorated with a warm wooden floor. Opposite the bed was a huge mirrored dresser with a plasma television and mini bar. There was also a sofa seating area and a writing section with Flemings note paper so you can write a note to friends letting them know the high quality hotels you stayed in.The bathroom was mainly marble and very well decorated. I was also extremely surprised to find the shower was more powerful than the luke warm mist that showers in other hotels emit. In summary the room was flawless.Breakfast was included and offered everything you could want from the full english to continental style pastrys.The hotel is perfectly situated for exploring the sites of london. We arrived in to charing cross station and caught a london taxi over to the hotel this cost just over £5.00. During our stay we mainly used the underground to get around, the hotel is a short walk (less the 5 Min) from Green park tube. Plus its only a 5 min to St jame park / hyde park, Bond Street and most importantly Tiffanys &amp; Co !!A wonderful hotel, cant wait to visit again.	
Jun 30 2009 	Great location great value	The location, for anyone visiting London for the first time or wanting to see all the major sites, was absolutely perfect. Close to Hyde Park, Buckingham Palace, and right next to a tube stop, but on a quiet, one-way street which really added to the pleasure of staying there. Great local restaurants a close walk away.	
Jun 29 2009 	I will never ever hesitate to stay at Fleming's Mayfair. We loved it.	I heartily recommend Fleming's Mayfair, particularly their individualized customer service which is superb. Our rooms were small -- which is typical of London hotels -- but absolutely pristine and beautifully appointed. I will not hesitate to return to Flemings, now that I've found it! The location, steps from Picadilly and Green Park, is the absolute best.	
Jun 28 2009 	Great location but looking a little tired	You can't beat the location right in the middle of Mayfair and just down from Green Park underground. Hotel seems to be going through a much needed refurbishment at the moment as many of the publc areas and bedrooms are looking in need of a refresh. Bedroom a reasonable size for central London and well equipped. Main restaurant closed but buffet breakfast was adequate served in a nearby room. Staff efficient and answered request for iron and ironing board quickly.	
Jun 28 2009 	Lovely hotel	The Flemings Mayfair is a lovely hotel. The reception and library on the ground floor are fantastic and the library is a nice place to relax with papers. Staff are very friendly and helpful. There were four of us staying, four girls on a weekend trip, we had two rooms and one of the rooms 111 was delightful - spacious and nice decor. Bathrooms well stocked and all very clean. Our room 321 was just as nice but very small - which was disapointing. The location is superb with the delightful Shepherds Market just around the corner. Green Park tube station is five minutes walk away. There is a Tesco express and a Neros on Curzon street literally two minutes walk away, so well served for water, coffee and snacks. Breakfast was very good with plenty of choice and helpful staff who brought us coffee and toast liberally. All in all a very nice stay - had I had a larger room it would have been a fantastic stay.	
Jun 27 2009 	Perfect location lovely hotel	Perfect location for a shopper, 15 minute walks to the Selfridges and Harrod's and everything in between. Green Park tube comfortably near. Room modern with a traditional feel, good size for a single room. Loved the corridors and nooks, felt like living in a mystery movie from the 20's. Lovely restaurants and pubs nearby. Would definitely return!	
Jun 22 2009 	Never again	Expectations were high after reading other reviews on Tripadvisor, but we were disappointed. Highlights included the doorman on arrival, one of the friendliest EVER; the receptionist, one of the most miserable! Had to spell my name 5 times before he finally got it right and found our reservation. The room was clean and tidy, but the condition was poor; wallpaper hanging off the wall and varnish all but peeled off the bathroom door, for example. The taps dripped and the aircon was LOUD. Talking of loud, the noise of doors/lifts/ hotel guests was incredibly high and after a rough night's sleep, the fire alarm went off at 0820. Any apologies from management when mentioned? None whatsoever. Le Meridien prices at Holiday Inn quality. Try somewhere else; we're kicking ourselves for not sticking to what we know.	
Jun 20 2009 	Great quality	Excellent quality hotel, very good service and a very clean room. The meal was nice, if a little lacking in atmosphere, and the bar was a lovely place to go unwind. The only downside of the entire experience was the room size, fairly small, but for a hotel in central London you've really got to expect this. Would definitely recommend.	
Jun 17 2009 	Our stay at Flemmings exceeded all of our expectations	What a fantastic stay we had at Flemmings for my fathers 60th birthday. The staff and service and amenities were outstanding, and we could not recommend this hotel enough. The rooms are furnished to an extremely high standard, and the attention to detail throughout this elegant hotel were faultless. The hotel staff were aware it was my fathers birthday, and really went out of their way to make our stay extra special. Breakfast was fantastic, just what we needed the next morning with sore heads! Will in future stay at this hotel instead of our usual The Metropolitan.	
Jun 16 2009 	Superb customer service!	This is my third stay at Flemings Mayfair. The service, attention-to-detail and excellence surpasses most 5-star hotels. The friendly, warm and inviting atmosphere is conducive for business and pleasure. The general manager is committed to excellence which penetrates to every employee level. They are personable yet professional. It feels like home away from home. I will never stay elsewhere in London while Simon Scarborough is the general manager.	
Jun 16 2009 	Affordable 5 star treatment in Mayfair	Immediately my wife and I were greeted by a genuine smile by the doorman outside Flemings, we knew we would be in for a treat. The abiding memories were the friendliness of all staff, the feeling we were friends rather than guests and a room which was faultless from the size to the furnishings. Its position couldn't be more perfect being near a busy taxi route, near the tube, parking metres right outside and fabulous Green park or the Ritz within 5 minutes walking.We will return!	
Jun 15 2009 	Great hotel and lovely staff !	All in all very impressed with this hotel.Staff on reception were great, very welcoming, friendly and efficient.We booked a double executive room and it was a great size with a long well sized bathroom (with shower and bath).The room was decorated very tastefully and th bed was huge and very comfy.We didn't have breakfast, mainly as £16- £18 was just a bit too pricey so we grabbed breakfast at one of the many cafes on Piccadilly to save time &amp; money.Great location, fairly quiet at night considering its in the heart of mayfair and we would definately stay again. Its a 2 minute walk from Green Park Tube station and it took us 15 minutes on the tube from Euston.	
Jun 6 2009 	All facade and no interior	The smallest room I have ever had in London - the bathroom was bigger. Dark and needs redecorating. The two porters stood near the door watching as I dragged my suitcase up the steps to reception. In room internet did not work because the batteries were flat. Breakfast very expensive - you'd do better by going round the corner to a cafe in Piccadilly or Curzon Street.	
Jun 2 2009	lovely hotel in a lovely area	excellent service, lovely rooms, beautiful location, very nice breakfast.Would definitley recommend.	
Jun 2 2009 	Small rooms but great location	Perfect location for walking London, good pubs and restaurants just around the corner in Shepard Market. Hotel is fine although the single rooms are small and as with most hotels made up of converted townhouses there are lots of steps as you navigate the corridors. I recommend it when there are good deals to be had, otherwise it's a bit pricey for the accommodations offered - you pay for the location!	
Jun 2 2009 	Very Nice but very noisy!	great hotel, service, food etc but should have stayed at home instead. No sleep achieved at all! Very noisy inside &amp; out of the hotel. Very disappointed. Beds &amp; pillows extremely hard too. Went home to bed afterwards!!!!	
May 26 2009 	Excellent Friendly Hotel	We have stayed in London many times but this has been the best hotel. The location is in walking distance to Buckingham Palace, Big Ben,, Westminister Abbey, the London Eye, St. James Park and Oxford and Regent streets for shopping. It is around the corner from Shepherds Market which has a variety of restaurants. Its only a short walk to the Greenpark underground station. I can't say enough about the staff. They were all friendly and very helpful. The breakfast room was lovely. A unique elevator surrounds you with a library of books. This was all park of a Virgin Airlines package which included the hotel, airfare from the USA, breakfast and an Oyster card for the underground. It was an excellent value.	
May 26 2009 	Will definately be staying again	Enjoyable stay, only negative comment would be the maid was a little &quot;too&quot; tidy and tidied away our toiletries after we had laid them all out ready for battle, but we are being very picky here!	
May 23 2009 	Superb service and attention to detail	We were really lucky to be able to stay in the hotel just after the new year as a suprise for our daughters 11th birthday, myself, my husband and our two daughters 11, 8 stayed in the hotel, the girls absolutley loved their time at flemings, the staff were really lovely and attentive and the girls felt really' grown up' staying in town' the hotel is so close to the west end we were able to take in a show and staff were so considerate in looking after our belongings whilst we had a great day around town the next day.	
May 22 2009 	Lovely location shame about the size of therooms.	The hotel is in a wonderful location and has a beautiful marbled lobby. But this is where the superb decor ends. The restaurant and bar are sub-terrainial and somewhat depressing. Although the staff were all smiley and welcoming. Our biggest dissapointment was our room. We had booked a Junior suite, which was billed as having a separate seating area, which it did....but then the bed was stuck in a tiny litttle room. Frankly it wasn't big enough to swing a cat and looked out over a horrid light well. We could bearly walk around the bed. We filled in the card for breakfast in our room on Sunday morning. They charged us £21 and the tray delivered bore no resemblance to what we ticked. When quizzed, they said this was all they had !! So no apple juice (we found some in the mini bar (which we were charged for again), no white toast and no cornflakes - I found it hard to beleive that they had run out of these basics. I visit london regualrly and there are so many beautiful boutique hotels in Mayfair, that I wouldn't bother with this one again.	
May 14 2009 	LOVE this hotel...and their staff	What a pleasant surprise this hotel was. The staff could not have been more caring, responsive or accommodating, and the location was superb. Would stay there again in a minute.	
May 10 2009 	Lovely hotel in Mayfair	Really enjoyed a 3 night break at Flemings,friendly staff and comfortable room (quite spacious for London.) Decorated in a contemporary style with nice touches e.g tea&amp; coffee making facilities(again unusual for London).Just around the corner is Shepherds Market a quaint little area but buzzing with pubs and restaurants and just a stroll from Green Park tube station and buses.If you prefer a cosier less corporate feel from a hotel book now.	
May 5 2009 	If I come Back to London I will Stay Here.	This 18th century building with all the modern amenities for a hotel is perfectly located. Walking distance to SOHO, the theater district, Hyde Park and Buckingham Palace. The hotel staff was friendly and helpful. Room service was prompt and the food was good. The jar of nuts they place on the desk was too tempting and I ate them constantly. The rooms tend to be small, since it is a historic building, but they are top notch.	
Apr 7 2009 	Great Classy but Friendly Hotel	Great location, very easy to find. All staff very friendly. The bar is really lovely and has loads of character. The rooms are all very different, very clean and of average size. Great Stay, thanks all!	
Apr 5 2009 	Look Forward to Staying Here Again	Thanks to some interesting reviews on TA we (my sister and I) tried this small hotel in Mayfair for the first time. We have been staying at the 5 star May Fair for the past 10 years but couldn't get the rate we wanted there. Actually the rack rate on the website for Flemings was pretty high but we tried Superbreak and they were able to get us a twin with cooked breakfast for £139 per night. This is a very good rate for the heart of Mayfair. The room was not as big as the May Fair but they claim 5 stars and this is 4 star, however, the room was plenty big enough for two. The twin beds were what Americans call 3/4 size or full size.The cooked breakfast was excellent with choices of eggs from poached to omlets, I even tried the sausage which was quite good, not the usual steam table offal. The coffee was pretty darn good for hotel brew. The continental breakfast buffet had cheese, meats, fresh fruit, yogurt and cereal. The breakfast kept us going through a grueling day of exhibits, seminars, and museums.The beds in the room were very comfy, there was a small sofa to curl up and read on with a tiny table. A small desk was fitted into the wall space and was handy the night I was alone for my take out supper of fruit and sushi from Marks and Spencer. The closet had plenty of hangers but lacked a suitcase rack. The bathroom was clean and fresh with terrific water pressure, although the tub was a bit high for those of us with stubby legs.The frig/mim-bar was actually chilly enough to put fruit and juice in that we had brought with us. This is one hotel where you don't get charged for moving stuff around!We didn't get a chance to try the bar as we were so exhausted.Two reasons why I can't give this hotel an excellent:1. When I checked in the woman at reception was hugely grumpy and even threw her pen down. Although she quickly tried to put a smile on and provide a friendly service the damage had been done. I was the only person in reception and it seemed a slow afternoon so...I give her the benefit of a doubt - she did try to recover and the bellman was extremely nice.2. The lighting in the room was not good enough for reading. A huge thing for those of us who can't sleep without turning a few pages.Another little housekeeping oddity: The back of the bathroom door was a little worn - it did need refreshing in terms of the varnish.I will try to stay here again, it is close to Green Park tube, a short walk away from Buckingham Palace and I felt safe enough as a solo traveler the first night. There are lots of little places to eat in Shepherd's Market, a Marks and Spencer and Sainsburys close by. Plus there is even a great movie theatre within a short walk.Sure there were a couple of little design faux pas like the fake books in the elevator and the library but in the end they turned out funny rather than sad.	
Apr 2 2009 	excellent value for money	Got a very good rate via an internet agent for the 3 nights bed and breakfast. We were in london to see some plays and do some shopping. Picked this hotel as it had such a good location for both. We could stroll back from Shaftesbury Avenue after the theatre and in the morning we were close to Bond Street for shopping and the Bond Street tube was just a short walk away. Room was nicely decorated. Service was efficient and polite. Ate at the Wolseley restaurant on Piccadilly one night for dinner which was great and just a few minutes from the hotel. It is rather noisy during the night unfortunately but that is probably to be expected given its location. some triple glazing would be great - but other than that - had a very enjoyable stay	
Mar 19 2009 	Flemings is a charming and welcome gem ticked away on Half Moon Street.	I was very pleasantly surprised by my recent stay at Flemings Mayfair. Wonderfully located near Hyde Park, within walking distance of Harrod's and Piccadilly Circus, Flemings is truly a gem. The staff is friendly and extremely accommodating, I never waited more than 5 minutes to have my requests answered. The rooms are charming and comfortable, no one room looking quite like the next.Flemings has plans to redo their restaurant and bar area, which to me was the only minor drawback in the hotel. My accommodation was a lovely 2 bedroom, 2 bath apartment, with a full service kitchen, with washer and dryer, and a large parlor with a dining table. This would be perfect for a family of 4, or a corporate client that required a longer stay. The rates at the Flemings are extremely reasonable, and the dollar/poundconversion is the best it has been in years.	
Mar 17 2009 	Highly Recommended	Great Westminster location, a short walk through the park to watch the changing of the guards or to have tea with the Queen. While maintaining plenty of old world charm, the rooms and public spaces all feel fresh and clean. Staff is wonderful!! Delicious variety of selections available at the bar and restaurant. Looking for an extended stay or need some extra room - must try their apartments! (ask for the two bedroom with full kitchen and private outdoor deck!) Very well priced, excellent value.	
Mar 17 2009 	Arriving at Flemings is like opening the front door of your own home and feeling an immediate sense of well-being.	When I stayed at Flemings the other weekend I thought that I really must share my experience concerning this exceptional London hotel. From the moment I arrived until the moment I left I had a truly wonderful stay. The staff are so genuinely friendly and helpful and the accommodation met all my expectations. And if you want to know what special events are on in London in the week you stay at Flemings - just look very carefullyat the stunning flower arrangements which adorn the hotel!	
Mar 13 2009 	A gem in Mayfair	This hotel is a delight! As soon as you step into Reception you feel you are at home. The staff are delightful - very hard to find in a London hotel. The apartments are luxurious yet feel like a home from home.	
Mar 6 2009 	Excellent location romantic room	Our package included free continental breakfast. This breakfast included toast, fresh tea, ready-made side dishes, however this &quot;free breakfast&quot; did not include any hot meal (i.e., omlette, french toast, pancake, like that). Decoration of the room was very romantic. Check the photo!The location of the hotel is fantastic for the London sight seeing. Walking distance (one of the closest) to the Buckingham palace, Victoria Station (I think), and the famous double deck bus stops.Although this is rather high end hotel (meaning bit expensive), I recommend this hotel to anyone who loves nice&amp;chic hotel and also who is tight on a visiting schedule in London, so that you can save so much time trying to get to the public transportation.	
Mar 5 2009 	Fabulous Hotel Great Location and Great Staff	Flemings is a real gem and a real find in the heart of Mayfair. The bedrooms are beautifully decorated and air conditioned (which is rare for the area the Hilton Opposite is not) the staff were superb during our stay and keen to help at every opportunity.Breakfast at flemings is a real treat but for lunch head round the corner to teh delightful shepherds market which is full of restaurants and nice pubs.We will definately be stopping again, Much better than those chain hotels	
Mar 3 2009 	Lovely room and good breakfast	Lovely room. Nice staff. Good breakfast. We would highly recommend this hotel, for its location and also its high standards of cleanliness, and general attractiveness. The location is great if you want somewhere central for the shops and the sights. Just on the edge of St James Park and very close to Green Park underground station it's handy for everything we wanted. We walked to the Churchill exhibition and strolled to Covent Garden. Having arrived quite early on the sleeper, the staff were happy to look after our luggage until the room was available. At £159 for a double room for one night, we thought this was pretty god value for central London.	
Feb 23 2009 	Friendly staff and great location	Stayed here with my mum for 2 nights in January with a great deal from Superbreak which included the hotel and tickets for the opening night of Oliver. The hotel is in a great location, across the road from Green Park and a few minutes walk from the tube station and about 10 minutes walk from Piccadilly Circus. The staff are friendly from the moment you arrive and very helpful. The room was great with 2 large single beds which were so comfortable and had big squashy pillows. We had a big bathroom (with a window) and lovely toiletries. The breakfast was fine, the continental probably better than the cooked breakfast. Would love to stay here again. Best London hotel bed I've slept in.	
Feb 23 2009 	A tranquil haven in the busy city	We stayed for 3 nights in one of the private apartments, our daughter loved having a double bed and her own en suite bathroom. The apartments are decorated to a high standard with all the amenities of home but with a touch of luxury, plus your own private entrance which was such an added bonus.The staff are very attentive and friendly. We eat in the restaurant one evening and food and service were excellant.The hotel is 2 mins from Green park Tube station and also in walking distance to the centre of London.We will certainly be going back for another visit and would not hesitate in recommending it.	
Feb 23 2009 	A Celebration to Remember	Flemings Mayfair is definitely the best hotel in London. The service is outstanding from the minute you step into the hotel you are treated royally - nothing is too much trouble. The hotel is beautifully appointed - the rooms are tastefuly decorated and the restaurant serves delicious food at all times of the day.We celebrated my husband's special birthday in a private room which was fantastic. Reception drinks were served in an adjoining romantic candle lit room with superb staff who made sure your glass was never empty. The dining table was attractively arranged with beautiful white flowers and it was breathtaking as you entered the room. Again the service was superb and the dinner out of this world.  Staying the night in the hotel is such a wonderful treat as the rooms are so lovely with every luxury aqnd the breakfast is delicius. Congratulations to the General Manager and his Staff on achieving such a high standard in every way - there is no where else in London we would wish to stay.	
Feb 22 2009 	Absolutely Fabulous!	We stayed at Flemings Mayfair very recently and could not fault the service and location in any way. A five minute walk from many key locations in central London situated in a beautiful, quiet street minutes from Hyde Park. Hotel is small and discrete but beautifully maintained and the service was exceptional. We will definitaly be coming back here in the future - hopefullt to sample their afternoon tea which I've heard is marvellous!	
Feb 19 2009 	Excellent dinner event	I recently arranged a dinner at Flemings Mayfair in the private dining room for some important clients. I was extremely impressed with, not only the organisation of the event, but also the atmosphere of the very attractive panelled dining room, excellent food and friendly and attentive staff. I would not hesitate to recommend this venue for either a similar work event or, indeed, for personal events such as dinners to celebrate birthdays, anniversaries, marriages etc.An excellent venue in an excellent location.	
Feb 17 2009 	A Gem in Central London	Flemings is a must stay at hotel in central London. I stayed for three nights in January on a business trip and was very well looked after. The rooms are recently refurbished, staff very attentive and location perfect for anyone wanting a home-from-home experience just minutes from Theatreland and the best restaurants London has to offer. I will be using Fleming on my return to London again for sure.	
Feb 17 2009 	Fantastic Service	From answering the phone when i booked, to being greeted with courtesy and as a long lost friend at the door by the lovely concierge, my room was chosen specifically to suit my needs, in fact my first stay at Flemings was amazing. Everyone was so friendly and attentive. My room was tasteful and comfortable, Branca tells me that because i was a lady travelling on my own the room that she chose for me was close to reception and feminine in its decor - this attention to detail and personal touch meant a lot. Service was spot on. With a hectic itinerary - being in the centre of town was a plus - the hotel is off the beaten track and as a result is more personal and quiet and restful. It was also very stylish! I do not often complete these surveys but I was so impressed that I thought they deserved a mention.	
Feb 17 2009	Fab little hotel	I loved the Flemmings Mayfair. Tucked away down a little side street, only a minutes walk from Green Park tube, Hyde Park Corner and the Ritz, with a Big Red Bus stop at the end of the street, it is a perfect hotel to base yourself during a trip to London. I stayed for one night with my Mum and we had a standard twin room. We arrived at 11am to find that our room was ready (officially check in wasn't until 2pm). The rooms are a good size and the twin beds were huge. Rooms had a lovely character to them. The hotel staff were helpful and attentive and couldn't fault any of them. The only downside was the breakfast, which for a fairly small hotel was disappointing. Would definately stay here again.	
Feb 16 2009 	Fantastic	My family and I went to stay at Flemings Mayfair in January.From the time we arrived to the time we departed we were made to feel very specail. The staff and service is of excelent quality and nothing is too much trouble.The personal approach the hotel give to all who stay there is second to none.I couldn't wish for a better hotel to stay and spend time with my family.	
Feb 16 2009 	best hotel in london by far!!!!	I booked to stay at Flemings Mayfair Hotel in February this year and I just knew it was going to be an amazing experience from the second I spoke to the Hotel to book my room, the staff were just so kind and friendly on the phone and made booking my room a very pleasurable experience. When we arrived at the Hotel it just took our breath away with its stunning location and interior, it really is a total experience and a must if you are staying in London!!!The room was perfect and just the most comfy room I have ever had the pleasure of staying in! I have to say this is one stay that we will not forget in a long time and will be highly recommending it to everyone, the staff were so helpful from start to finish and the only down side to the weekend was having to leave to go home, we can not wait till we come back again and will not be staying anywhere else in London as no other hotel will be able to come half as close now we have stayed at Flemings Mayfair Hotel	
Jan 30 2009 	Good change from corporate hotels	Flemings is a great change from a corporate such as Hilton Radisson etc. What appears to be a family run hotel in a great part of London. We booked a Shop Till You Drop package which was £143 for double rooms and included breakfast, afternoon tea on one day and a foot spa package.....though you had to do the foot spa yourself!! We liked the varied rooms, the responsive staff and the location. There was a mix up on our afternoon tea reservation which left the staff a bit confused for a few minutes, but Mary the food and beverage manager soon got things sorted out. Breakfast food quality is good, but the dining room, especially the seat fabric does need to be renovated.I would recommend this hotel because its different to the chains and seem to employ real people who wan't to do a good job for their customers.	
Jan 26 2009 	Good location helpful staff	We stayed overnight at the Flemings Mayfair following a recommendation from a work colleague. We weren’t really sure of standard of accommodation as it was our first time staying in London bizarrely enough and had very little to compare with. We have stayed at some very mediocre hotels in Europe for work, but have to say that the Flemings hotel was a little oasis in the west end of London. Staff were helpful and friendly, the room was comfortable and roomy. In all, a very good experience and highly recommended to anyone wanting accommodation in the area.	
Jan 12 2009 	not bed	average quality for price	
Jan 9 2009 	Fleming's Mayfair revisited	My wife and I have stayed at the Flemings Mayfair three times in the last 5 years, booking our vacation through Virgin Airlines Vacations. We have found our stay at this wonderful hotel an absolutely positive experience. Everyone at the hotel is very professional as well as friendly and helpful. Their breakfast menu is superb and the waite staff is very competent. The hotel is located just across Picadilly St from Buckingham Palace and a ten minute walk to Picadilly Square and Leicester Square. The Green Park Underground is just a five minute walk as well. All in all, a very rewarding way to spend time visiting London, just minutes from many attractions.Floyd &amp; Janice WaltersUSA	
Jan 7 2009 	Great location great rooms but missing something	Our 2nd stay here. Use this hotel when going to a show in London. Have managed to get excellent bed and breakfast rates both times. Nothing to really fault the hotel but there is something missing-think the staff could be friendlier, although they are not rude.Overall, would stay again for an overnight stay but for something special I would look around more.	
Jan 5 2009 	Great location but small room	My girlfirend and I stayed at Flemings of Mayfair for 3 nights and 4 days from the 2nd of January. To begin with as we had already stayed in London seveal times we knew that the location of the hotel was great; close to The Ritz, Fortnum and Mason, Buckingham Palace etc. A wonderful part of the city with the tube station (Green Park) 2 mins up the road.The concierge and staff at the desk were friendly and helpful. The reception area was very boutiqie.On first entering our room (Room 69) we were disappointed to discover a very small room indeed. We have stayed in London 4 times and this was the smallest room we had come across. The bathroom however was of a good size and both bathroom and room were well decorated.Bar the size the main problem with the room was that the temperature within the room became suprisingly warm. We do not like to use air conditioning but this was needed or else we wouldn't have slept. The air conditioning unfortunately was also fairly loud which became quite annoying.Breakfast was nice, but again having stayed at other hotels in London it didn't particularly stand out.We felt that maybe we were unlucky with the room that we had and that possibly other rooms would be of a larger size. The cost of our stay was cheaper than other prices we had seen therefore we could not complain, however if we had paid the higher prices seen elsewhere we would have been geatly disappointed.If location, service and room decor then this hotel is recommended. However for us the size of the room was that bit too small and the hotel didn't stand out as well as we would have expected for the usually high price.	
Dec 27 2008 	Very friendly and comfortable hotel would definitely stay again.	We stayed at the Flemings-Mayfair for just the one night in December for weekend of shopping.We arrived mid morning, our room was ready and we were able to leave our overnight bags.The room was lovely and the beds were comfortable.We had breakfast the following morning, which was very good and enjoyed by both of us.The staff were very friendly.I would certainly recommend this hotel and I will stay again when staying in London.	
Nov 20 2008 	Flemings Mayfair apartment is a great home-away-from-home	We stayed for a month in an apartment-style room at the Flemings Mayfair. It is a great property! The apartment is very large and spacious - ensuite, dressing room, bedroom, 1/2 bathroom, living room, fully fitted kitchen. It truly is a home away from home.The staff are extremely pleasant. What shocked me the most was on our first day, after checking in early in the morning and returning after work at the end of the day, the doorman and reception lady knew my room number and the doorman escorted me to the room! What great service!It is quite expensive to stay here but the hotel is in such a great location and is such a quality property that it really deserves the price.I have already recommended that when other colleagues travel to London should stay here!	
Oct 21 2008 	Happy with our 3 day stay....	We arrived at the Flemings Mayfair in the early morning of August 20,2008...We had booked the room for that day so we could take a rest before hitting the streets..Everyone at the front desk was so helpful as well as the bellman..The room was very clean, but abit small...That seems to be the case in London..Next time I may upgrade my room if we were to stay longer..We only stayed 3 nights in London as we were going to Paris, so it was fine for that long..It is a lovely location and we enjoyed the breakfast in the nice little breakfast room..I would certainly tell my friends of this hotel and would stay there again next time in London...I may look into their apartments, too, as that would be a nice change to have abit more room..Green Park is just across the road and it was fun to take a walk to Buckingham Palace through the beautiful park ..	
Oct 5 2008 	Great Place	Be advised that we stayed here in Dec04. That aside, this place was great. The Flemings was only a short walk from the Green Park Tube station. That turned out to be one of our favorite attributes since that gives you access to the rest of the city. The check in/out was a breeze and the staff was very helpful. The rooms were small by most Americans standards but clean and neat. The location was great with access to a tube station but not on a busy street. Would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 6 2008 	The friendliest hotel in Mayfair	We decided to return to Flemings for a long weekend despite finding cheaper accommodation in the neighbourhood we did not regret the decision for one moment. Srawberries in the rooms as a welcome to repeat guests and a speedy faultless check-in was a great start to the weekend. All the staff, from the porters forever hovering around the door, the reception desk staff and the restaurant team were the most welcoming and cheeriest of hotel staff I have ever come across. The rooms were excellent and were checked twice a day by cheerfull staff. Is it something they put in the water in the staff canteen, or as I suspect an excellent management structure, whatever, it works, we shall return!P.S. Anyone eating in the neighbourhood would not be dissappointed with Finos in nearby Mount Streeet (the downstairs wine cellar) and the forever popular El Pirata Spanish Restaurant. The only slightly offputting note, is the eyesore of the unoccupied and increasingly derelict property at the junction of Picadilly and Halfmoon Street. Its about time the legal wranglings were sorted out with regards its future as it detracts from all the advantages of the area.	
Aug 15 2008 	Lovely hotel super location skip the breakfast...	We booked our 3 night stay at the Flemings Mayfair based largely upon its superb location and the reviews we found on Tripadvisor.We were not led astray in either instance. The hotel is superbly located at the Green Park tube, Buckingham Palace a short walk away, easy access to everything and lots of little restaurants and small grocery stores in the area for those quick bites to eat.The hotel itself is lovely and we found service at the front desk to be always prompt and efficient. The room, while not large by any means, was adequate for our requirements and it did have AC which was most welcome as London was quite warm during our stay. We find AC particularly useful in the sense that windows can stay closed and on the lower flowers this avoids what might otherwise be significant street noise (not just traffic, but also voices!). I'm not sure whether stuffiness or noise would have been an issue without the AC, but we had just arrived from a 3 night stay in Glasgow where both of these WERE a major issue in our accommodations so we were happy that this wouldn't be a problem in London and we were able to catch up on some lost sleep.One caveat - my son is quite tall (6'5&quot;) and in many areas he had to be cautious to avoid hitting his head on various ceiling fixtures. In our room, the wood trim above the bathroom door was quite large and he knocked his head on it resoundingly twice. There may be rooms with higher clearances and if you are tall - I would suggest you ask for such a room. However do bear in mind that there are numerous locations in the hallways where a tall fellow might acquire a bump or bruise during his stay.We weren't thrilled with the &quot;included&quot; breakfast. To upgrade to a cooked breakfast was ridiculously expensive given that the cooked breakfast wasn't particularly appealing once it arrived. Getting a refill of coffee nearly required the engagement of a marching band. Servers seemed somewhat oblivious and not very bright. We watched one set out with a full coffee pot on several occasions, refill one cup, then return to his station without offering anything to other tables he passed. Other patronss seemed to be having a similar issue. When my eggs were served (the one time I ordered a cooked breakfast, not a recommended activity), I requested a refill not only of my own coffee cup but for others at a nearby table who had achieved no success in flagging down a server. The continental breakfast was just so-so in terms of selection but we managed with that because we could not justify the increased cost for the cooked meal when none of us especially enjoyed it. If breakfast is not included in your room cost, I would go elsewhere for it.	
Aug 11 2008 	Hidden Jewel	Stayed in london for 1 night, my husband and I and my daughter and partner. Spent weeks trawling the web to find a decent hotelnear Bond St that wouldnt break the bank. Tried several that were fully booked and eventually found the Flemings which was a good price and had good reviews. We got a taxi from paddington which took about 7 mins and cost £8. The hotel isup a side street just opposite green park and green park tube station. Lovely entrance/reception. Extremely friendly staff. We had arrived 2 hours earlier than check in but our rooms were ready. The rooms were lovely. Quite small but everything we needed. Free safe and fridge/mini bar/coffee/tea etc. The only thing that I would say I didnt like was the view from the windows - basically there wasnt one! Just a grey building that housed a generator or something. As it was raining, the air conditioning was good ,and we were out all day and evening it wasnt a problem. We had taken champagne to have a toast before we went out and we rang and asked reception if we could have some glasses. A few moments later 4 champagne flutes arrived on a silver tray! The beds were comfortable, there wasnt any noise from the street so we had a good nights sleep. We needed to get taxis several times and each time a member of staff walked to the corner to hail one, all for a smile! The hotel was very attractiveand in good order throughout, a buffet breakfast was included which was good. I will certainly be booking this hotel on my next visit to London	
Aug 4 2008 	What a gem!	Stayed in this hotel during a business trip. Very charming, excellent service and lovely breakfast. Location also very handy for tube as well as nice local restaurants. Not the largest room in the world but well decorated with flat screen tv, very clean and very comfortable bed - what more do you need?!	
Jul 26 2008 	loved this hotel	Stayed here last year, but forgot to write a review about our stay there. Loved the location of this small hotel. Rooms were a bit small but we were always out taking in the sights of London, loved that it was so easy to catch a bus just yards from the hotel to take us a wee bit along the road to piccadily and back. The ritz hotel is just around the corner and the back end of the hilton is just across the small road. We loved London and this was a perfect wee place to stay.	
Jul 12 2008 	much better this time round	We stayed in the Flemings for two nights last week. We had stayed previously and had a few issues which we put to the manager. We were invited back to stay with the managers assurance that he could change our mind about the hotel. He was right. The room was a lovely, large king size room with a sofa area and was airy and bright. On our previous stay, the noise was very much an issue but this time it was extremely quiet - the management had obviously taken on board our point about the soundproofing and allocated us a room accordingly. The bathroom was also very spacious and everything was extremely clean. We were welcomed with a gift of fruit and on our last night were given a gift of pastries and fruit as a thank you for staying with them. Not sure if everyone gets this or we were just treated extra special but it was certainly a nice touch. Breakfast was not up to much unfortunately, hard poached eggs and burnt sausages, but there was lots to choose from and the second morning was slightly better as we knew what to avoid! All in all, this time round our stay was great, the staff are very friendly and efficient and we would not hesitate to recommend it to other travellers- you cannot beat the location and it is head and shoulders above the Hilton Green Park which is directly opposite the hotel, where we stayed on our last night - so if anyone is thinking of going there - dont! But thats another story....	
Jul 9 2008 	Look Beyond First Impressions	I chose this hotel for a variety of reasons, primarily its excellent location for the start line of the British 10k run I was running the next morning. I booked a single, and paid slightly above average but I expected a better than average condition. I am a firm believer that you get what you pay for, so I am happy to pay a little more to receive a little more.In fairness the room had everything you could want, a TV, safe, stocked refrigerator, internet access with a wireless keyboard, air con.However, what I found was that the room (121) was dimly lit, no view (inner courtyard) which had some kind of generator which intermittently came on and would be no good for light sleepers. Although the bathroom and room was clean, I found what looked like dried blood stains on the curtain. The bathroom and room were very small, manageable, but small and the bathroom looked like it needed a makeover.Looking at other reviews and pictures of other rooms I do seem to have been unlucky, so maybe it is just this room that is a problem.Another curious and worrying problem was that I checked in (which was quick and efficient) about 4pm, and about 5pm I decided to nip out to get some food, returned about 6pm but in that hour someone had been into the room and tidied up the bathroom, not sure I feel comfortable with that.On a side note, the refrigerator and room service prices are disgustingly expensive, £16 for their burger on room service, £3 for some crisps, £1 for a normal sized kit kat for example. Whilst I have already said you get what you pay for , the prices do seem steep, so I would look to eat elsewhere.The location is good, few min from tube, and shops close by. Would I stay here again? Maybe, but unlikely.	
Jun 29 2008 	Great Location and charming rooms	We slept here for 2 nights. Checking in was fast and efficient. The hotel is easy to find from the Green Park Station - only 5 min walk. Location wise - excellent! Green Park is just one stop to Piccadily Circus or Bond Street! Plus, the hotel is 50 meter walk to Buckingham Palace.. The room was spacious and nicely decorated. There's a flat screen but you don't watch TV in London anyway! No view from window - only facing bricks.The bathroom comes with shower, bathtub. They replace towels and soap/shampoo etc everyday.. They give nice smelling shower gel, body lotion etc that I brought them home. lol. Breakfast is English and continental.. selection is not great given the rate you have to pay for the room! but the service is nice and they were polite to everybody. one thing I don't like about this hotel - the elevator is TINY! it's for midgets! but that is just being picky.Most of the staff is eastblock, but they are fairly decent at English so it's okay, but it is a problem when they are also behind the front desk, and you want to ask detailed tourist questions.will I recommend this hotel? YES.. of course!	
Jun 28 2008 	What a find!	We recently stayed in one of the two-bedroom apartments for a few days before picking up a cruise out of Harwich. While the bedrooms were smaller than what we are used to in the USA, they were so beautifully decorated that you didn't even notice. The living room was also beautifully appointed and had a nice table for eating. We loved the kitchen that also included laundry facilities. With the restaurant prices in London, it was nice to be able to fix our own breakfast. The location was very convenient. A Starbucks right around the corner, and a small grocery shop also convienently located. Walking distance to Picadilly and Green Park. The tube and bus stops very close. We didn't know what to expect when we booked this - but we loved it and would stay there again in a heartbeat.	
Jun 4 2008 	Wonderful 2-bedroom apartment	We recently returned from a week's stay in one of the apartments at Fleming's Mayfair. All signs of renovation (scaffolding, etc) are now gone. The apartment was very comfortable and well-appointed, and it worked well for our family of four. Location couldn't be better -- most places on our itinerary were either within walking distance or 1-2 stops away on the Tube. The staff were uniformly pleasant and helpful. As has been mentioned before, lots of nearby places for coffee, takeaway, groceries including M&amp;S Simply Food and Tesco Express, as well as a Pret-A-Manger. Broadband Internet is 15 pounds per day, but I was able to pick up the hotel's free wireless signal both in the Library and in one corner of the apartment. We will definitely stay at Fleming's again in the future.	
Apr 28 2008 	great weekend	we stayed a night at the hotel, like the other reviews we found that the hotel was near a lot of the main attractions, the hotel was very clean, we had a large bedroom with all mod con's, staff were very polite, there was a good choice for breakfast, we had a good deal with superbreaks, we would definitely use the hotel again, FIRST CLASS	
Apr 28 2008 	Wonderful!	My husband and I have just returned from a weekend break at Flemings Mayfair and had an amazing time. This Georgian hotel is beautiful, it has all the charm and style of a Georgian hotel but with modern facilities discreetly inserted. Bedroom was large and clean, the bathroom had a wonderful powershower. Location is perfect, two minute walk from Green Park Tube. It is on a direct undergroud link to Harrods and Oxford Street. It is less than a five minute walk to Buckingham Palace, across a lovely park. The staff were great, nothing was too much trouble. They all appear to enjoy their jobs and because of this do them well. Our room rate included breakfast and it was wonderful, everything we could of wanted was there. I would have loved to have stayed longer and will defintely be heading back to Flemings Mayfair for another wonderful weekend.	
Apr 3 2008 	Nice Easter Offer	Stayed at the hotel March 1st. 2008 as a part of a weekend tour to London, including a concert at The O2.The hotel is within walking distance from Picadelly Circus, Westend and more. And it is excellent situated for the tube station Green Park, that runs directly to The O2.There was some work in progress on the facade, but we didn't experience any problems/noize at all.We booked directly on the hotel website (look for package offers), and asked if they could upgrade us from the normal double room in the package to the superior double room by just paying the normal difference - and no hazzle - they did it even that the superior wasn't normally a part of the packages on offer this time.Oh - and I love it when there is a guy holding the door for you - he wasn't there always - but yes, he did it, when he wasn't running with suitcases.	
Mar 30 2008	Great Hotel Extremely Convenient	I agree with the prevailing theme of the recent reviews preceding mine, which is to say that the Flemings Mayfair is a very comfortable, well-managed and perfectly-located hotel. As of late March, 2008, renovations were complete and the scaffolding was in the process of being disassembled.Flemings finds itself among very good company. The Hilton Green Park is across the street. Brown’s Hotel is six streets east; The Ritz is four. And while the area is as upscale as London gets, there is also no shortage of coffee shops, convenience stores, sandwich shops and drugstores in the vicinity, all easily accessible by foot. Green Park tube station, London’s most central and convenient in my opinion, is just three streets away; you’ll pass an HSBC on the way. There’s not likely a more convenient hotel in London.The property is quite pleasant and maintains its British feel, even after the renovation. They modernized it but didn’t try to turn it into the cliché, contemporary boutique hotel. The lobby is small but not crowded, and the staff was professional, welcoming and helpful when needed. I had a double room, which was standard sized for London. Americans will think it is a little small (…which it was ;-). Broadband Internet is free for hotel guests, an outstanding perk since it is not uncommon for London hotels to charge £15-20 per day for this. There is a mini-bar in the room, stocked, but with an open row for your own items. Nice touch.My room was comfortable, although not without a couple typically-European peculiarities. The LCD TV is mounted on the wall directly in front of the desk. The shower door—really more of a glass partition—only runs about half-way, which means there’s a cool breeze coming into the shower and water leaving it. The climate control, as someone else mentioned, is neither easy to fine tune nor particularly precise.Closet space was an issue. My room had no dresser, and the closet isn’t practically designed. It barely fit my things and I pack light! Someone also seems to have forgotten about the elevator during the recent renovation. There’s only one and it’s not very big. But it's very slow, and taking the stairs is unfortunately not an option as the hallways are so convoluted you will never find your room. I’m not kidding—you won’t.But overall, the positives greatly outweighed the negatives, and in a city not known for having the best or most affordable accommodations, Flemings really shines.	
Mar 26 2008 	Competitors could learn alot off Flemings Managment and staff!	For the 3rd year in a row I have spent 5 nights in London and have stayed at Flemings and each year it gets better and better! #1 the staff, when you are a longer stay like me it makes so much difference when you have not just familiar staff (how does this hotel keep them so long?) but they remember me, my name and why I come to London #2 I love the location of the hotel in Mayfair - first I feel safe, as a woman travelling alone I feel comfortable with walking to Shepherds Mkt for dinner at night. #3 There are some fab funky restaurants opened on Piccadilly (The Wolsley is my favourite) as are the new Fortnum and Mason restaurants. #4I come to London on business each year from Aust/NZ but always stay an extra weekend to do the 'touristy thing' - I can walk to Knighsbridge, the posh shops of New Bond St, walk to M&amp;S in Oxford St, stroll Green and Hyde Parks and I am on the bus routes to all major museums #5 the hotel is really clean, I mean really clean - try to do the finger sweep test in public areas and guestrooms and bathrooms and you will be surprised!!Flemings is an example of an exceptionally well run hotel. Congradulations to the staff and managment of this hotel - your competitors could learn alot from you.	
Mar 24 2008 	Great hotel within walking distance of many London attractions	Stayed one night Easter weekend 2008. Hotel swathed in scaffolding outside but interior newly renovated and top quality. Warm welcome, nice room, whilst a little on the small side, really well equipped. Immaculate bathroom, again well supplied with top quality toileteries and bathrobes. (Room hot despite no radiator on and temp outside freezing. Air con cooled the room but a bit excessive to have to use use it in March!!) Lovely comfy bed and high quality linen etc. Flat screen TV - all in all good value for money at £125 inc full breakfast, and Easter egg. Super breakfast and what made the short stay pleasurable were the smiley attentive staff everywhere. If you are looking for a small incredibly well located hotel for business, or as a tourist you want to b eamongst the fabulous sights in London this is the one! (Scaffolding to be removed very shortly to reveal the lovely facade again.)	
Mar 18 2008 	Excellent hotel in prime location	Stayed two nights in connexion with visiting Royal Academy exhibitions, conveniently just around the corner.Booked at a most favourable B &amp; B vat-inclusive rate via hotel's own website. Most Mayfair hotels sadly cater for those who can afford and don't mind outrageous prices but neither applies to me !!The place is bang opposite a Hilton establishment and is presently undergoing a major refurbishment and externally is swathed in scaffolding. Once inside, the lobby is most impressive, with gleaming marble floor and a fascinating giant 'Jaguar' car/automobile mascot that probably once graced a Mayfair car showroom [some kind of explanatory plaque is required, perhaps ??]Single lift but modern with a most unusual interior decor !! leading to labyrinthine but very stylishly decorated bedroom floors.Compact but most tastefully-furnished bedroom and bathroom, all befitting the overall standard of the place. Excellent, comfortable, large bed. Efficient [if a little noisy] newly-installed wallmounted aircon unit but wardrobe position made access to the distant wall control for it very awkward.Ditto the spacious dining room but beware those with limited mobility as it's down a short flight of stairs in the basement and the lift doesn't seem to descend that far.Breakfasts were of a high standard and served by most pleasant attentive and efficient and smart young people.Have previously stayed at the Mayfair Holiday Inn on nearby Berkeley Street and this was much better both as regards value and ambience and comfort. Highly recommended !!	
Mar 12 2008 	Above average accomodation	Stayed 1 night to see a show in London, and booked through hotel website. Scaffolding outside hotel means views from the windows are of scaffolding poles and sheeting, but we were not there for the views, and the price we paid for the room was very good. Room was clean and quite large for London, with a sofa, coffee table and writing desk.Bed was comfy, and breakfast was included in price of room with lots of options.Other big plus for this hotel is its staff, everyone we encountered was very friendly, and if we could get a good deal we would return.	
Mar 10 2008 	Great hotel and location	Got an excellent deal for this hotel, 260 euro for two nights for two people including breakfast. hotel is lovely, staff are friendly and helpful and location is great. The internal renovations are complete but the exterior is still being worked on, for all the people who complained about the scaffolding, ignore them, it doesnt make any difference to your stay (they cant close the hotel just incase some people might get offended by scaffolding!!!). plenty of buildings in the area are getting similar work done.The location is great especially for site seeing and shopping on bond street and oxford street.	
Mar 6 2008 	pity about the plumbing	Front of building covered in scaffolding. Had been told that work would have been finished by the time we were due to visit. Reception was satisfactory but bedroom (101) very small with a tiny filthy window overlooking back of the property. Nice bathroom, but pillows rather firm and not comfortable. Biggest problem was the plumbing in that major pipes ran down outside the wall of the room and water appeared to flow frequently throughout the night seriously disturbing sleep. Do not stay in room 101!The hotel does have a lovely small lounge which was a pleasant place to sit and have tea or a drink.Great location for Piccadilly and Mayfair but I would suggest looking at other nearby hotels first.	
Mar 4 2008 	Great hotel and excellent location	My wife and I stayed in the Flemings Mayfair Hotel for a long weekend and found it very friendly and comfortable. We had a very generously sized room that was stylishly decorated. Also, we had an immaculate bathroom, which was very spacious. The breakfast was lovely and good quality. It's very central and very close to Green Park tube station. We were very impressed with everything Flemings had to offer and would stay again. There is currently external refurbishment underway on the facade of the building. However it didn't affect our stay – it was just a pity we couldn't get a look at the Georgian facade!	
Mar 2 2008 	oh well never mind !	My boyfriend booked this hotel on line for my surprise 30th birthday yesterday.On turning into half moon street we were greeted with a ton of scaffolding covered over with black boards stretching as far as the eye could see!Apparently the hotel has had an extensive refurbishment which Superbreaks said was completed. No mention of this at check in or any apology for the inconvenience.Once the door to our room was open, we were overcome with paint fumes and more scaffolding from the view of our bedroom window! could not open the window in the bedroom or bathroom to try to get rid of the stench as painted shut so people wouldn't stumble out on the scaffolding presumably!Bedroom very small bathroom very large. The only thing that was good was the location and breakfast.	
Feb 21 2008 	Nice small hotel - good value during refurb	If you want to stay in London's Mayfair district (i.e. just about the most expensive hotels in the world), a good tip is to find one with the builders in, provide you check it out carefully. Flemings Hotel is covered with scaffolding outside but inside there is no disturbance at all.We asked for and got a quiet room and got 411 in the roof. The room was very comfortable for one night, though the cramped bathroom and lack of drawer space might not be good for a longer stay.The room has powerful heating and aircon that seem to operate entirely independently - not so green!Staff pleasant and helpful and full English breakfast was included in our rate.	
Feb 14 2008	issues w/everything but location	Location is it's only redeeming quality. Missed hotel on my first pass due to scaffolding. Supposed interior improvements yielded a tired/dated lobby &amp; public rooms. Even my room, #211, had frayed carpet; why wouldn't they have cut this?! 2nd fl room but up &amp; down 3 sets of 1 or 2 steps, even a small one to my room. Thank God there was no fire at night, I would have broken an ankle at a minimum getting out of there. The A/C is horribly loud, from a bubbling watery sound to bizzare changes in fan speed to chrystal chandelier-sounding tinkling. Turned it off. It got hot, I opened the window but w/scaffolding, who knows who/what could have climbed in so I tried to close but window got stuck. Urgh. Sink too small. water everywhere after a shave. 141 pounds/night on corp plan. I will not be back but will find something else in Mayfair.	
Jan 29 2008 	I could have stayed there forever!	I was impressed with this hotel as soon as I stepped inside the lobby. Small, but lovely. I arrived about 8:30 am hoping that they might have a room ready for me (knowing that check-in was not until 2 pm), however, they did not. They were kind enough to take my bags while I walked in St. James Park to refresh myself from a long flight. I came back about 90 minutes later, and the porter took me to my room, which, although very nice....was not made up yet. So, back to the lobby we went. They called the cleaning staff to check on the room &amp; were told it would be another hour. I went into the library off of the lobby to relax, and before I could blink, a fresh pot of tea &amp; cakes was placed before me. What a treat for a weary traveler. The staff were brilliant, breakfast was wonderful. My room was large and had every convenience I could possibly want. The bathroom was luxurious. The next moring I noticed an envelope near the door, and inside was an invitation to dine in the hotel restaurant one evening during my stay as an apology for the room mix-up the day before. Most other hotels wouldn't have even offered me a room that early, much less apologize for not having one ready. I plan to stay at Flemings Mayfair again in October 2008.	
Jan 29 2008 	Location Location Location!	Stayed at Flemings Mayfair for 3 night weekend break. Got a fantastic bargain at 450euros (including breakfast). Usually stay around Mayfair area when visiting London and this will definately be my first option in the future. It was half the price of our hotel accomodation on our previous trip and the standard and level of service was as good as the Raddison Mayfair where we have stayed in the past.The hotel is going through the final phase of refurbishment at the moment with little or no inconvenience to the guests at this stage. Any employees we came in contact with were friendly, efficient and helpful. Our bedroom was compact but well decorated and spotlessy clean. Bathrobes and towels were good quality and the Gilchrist and Soames toiletries were plentiful. Tea/Coffee facilities were available (even a teapot!), flat screen television with a good range of channels for those who care to watch. We had no problems with breakfast. Buffet was included in our price but we could have cooked breakfast for 2 pound surcharge - which unlike other posters we found to be very tasty with good quality sausage, bacon and free range eggs on the Friday/Saturday. However a buffet of the hot items were on display on the Sunday which weren't to the same standard - usual problem of food hanging around on hot plates. Location is superb. 1 minute from the quaint Shepherd Market area and equidistance to Green Park Tube Station. This area is fantastic if you are travelling via Heathrow Airport as there are no changes on the Picadilly line for Heathrow Terminals and a 50 minute journey on the tube.Didn't avail of the mini-bar facilities - however we cheekily brought a bottle of wine from the Marks and Spencers down the road on our way home one of the afternoons for an apperitif before dinner!For anyone on a tight budget - there is a Sainsburys and also the M&amp;S around the corner from the hotel to avail of light snacks/sandwiches etc - or those staying in the apartments which are part of the complex. All in all, I would recommend this hotel to anyone. Less than 10 minutes from Oxford Street, Picadilly, Green Park across the Road - as the saying goes Location, Location Location.... (and even better if you can get a good price!)	
Jan 27 2008 	Very good very expensive	Our family - parents and twin 17-year old boys stayed here in December for 8 nights. We had the penthouse apartment - 2 big bedrooms, big living room (complete with Christmas tree), kitchen, 2 bathrooms, 3 toilets. I believe the hotels' big attraction is its position - Piccadilly,Green Park, Regent Street, Bond Street are all a short walk and that is just so convenient.Our apartment was great, very well appointed, plenty of room, reasonably quiet (some street noise, but you're in the middle of a big city). Breakfast just OK - better to be had at Shepherd's Market - 2 minute walk. Other good restaurants there too - Boudin Blanc is nice.We thought the hotel was charming - nice staff, amusing layout and the apartment was terrific. It has to be said though (and I know it is London) that well over 1200 Australian dollars a night is a lot of money.I don't regret it at all, but it makes being value-for-money very tough.	
Jan 16 2008 	Great Stay	Stayed at this hotel for a weekend theatre break, the staff were very friendly and the room was very nicely decorated and of a good size and very clean. We had a problem with our tv and a member of staff attended immediately . Although the front of the building was being upgraded at the time this did not affect our stay whatsoever. We found the hotel to be very central to all areas e.g. Picadilly Circus, Leicester Square, Oxford Street , Hard Rock Cafe and and there was also an underground straight across the street. The hotel is located up a quiet side street.	
Jan 15 2008	Didn't like this Hotel	We were a lot of people staying at this hotel for our Christmas Party. To start with no one from the hotel told us that the hotel was under refurbishment. Most of the rooms were very small and some only had a shower! Our room was ok but still small.For £180 per room I think they saw us coming! The staff serving drinks before we went out for dinner, at The Dover Street Jazz Bar and Restaurant, which was fantastic, were slow motion personified. I ordered a coke and a dry white wine and it took 15 minutes to arrive. Too late as we had to be at Dover Street by 8pm. Breakfast was diabolical, undercooked bacon, sausages and as for the scambled eggs, yuk. I have received a call from the Manager and I said that most people were extremely disappointed and for the money it was very poor. He was supposed to ring me back on Friday last, but he hasn't. I am thinking of the Chesterfield in Charles Street for this year's party.The only saving grace were the bar staff on our return to the hotel who mixed a mean Marguerita!	
Jan 14 2008 	Nice location	Flemings Mayfair was very nice. The building and rooms are tastefully decorated. Very small, but well accommodated. The street is about 200 yards from the Underground if you walk down Half Moon and turn left. If you walk across into Green Park, a nice stroll leads directly to Buckingham Palace. Beautiful area with plenty of coffee shops, dining and shopping.	
Dec 28 2007 	Small pleasant hotel well located in Mayfair	I've stayed at Fleming's Mayfair at least 15 times in the last three or four years. It's small, and the staff are consistently very helpful. The rooms range from small but nicely appointed singles and to large doubles, and ocassionally I've been &quot;bumped up&quot; into one of the elegant apartments. It's not a place for someone who likes or needs wide, flat hallways, since the hotel has been built by assembling three or four adjacent 4 &amp; 5 story townhouses and there are a lot of places on each level where you have to go up or down a couple of steps as you pass from one building to the next. It's on a side street just off Picadilly. There's no noise from PIcadilly and the rooms are double glazed so there's not much sound from the street. The AC is a bit noisy. The accomodations are modern, although the stye is typically Edwardian (?) English -- heavy drapes, curved armrests on the plush sofas. The bathroom fixtures are up to date and there's broadband Internet in the rooms and WiFi in the public areas. I go to London on business, and if you don't need the sort of business center you find at a big hotel and if Mayfair is a good location for you, Fleming's is fine. The hotel is very well located for shopping &amp; theater. It's three short blocks from the Green Park tube station on the Picadilly Line, which is a straight 50-minute shot from Heathrow. It's a 10-minute cab ride to Paddington and the Heathrow Express, and 15 minutes on the Tube from the Eurostar train terminal at St. Pancras. This winter, price have been UK169 a night plus VAT, including breakfast. I prefer to stay here and walk 10-15 minutes to my firm's office rather than stay across the street from the office because it's friendly, well appointed and accomodating.	
Dec 19 2007 	Very Disappointing	We have just stayed in this hotel and I was very disappointed. They are undergoing refurbishment and there is scaffolding everywhere. However, it was the room that was disappointing. It was small and the bathroom was very small, but the worst thing was the room was next to the lift and all night I could hear the sound of the lift motor and when the doors opend there was a loud noise - which resulted in my having no sleep at all. Also there was a problem getting hot water - the only way this could be achieved was to leave the tap running for several minutes and when we are always being told to conserve water is not a good idea - all in all the experience was very disappointing and one I would not wish to repeat.	
Dec 7 2007 	MMmmm not sure.....	I stayed one night at Flemings Mayfair on 5 December 2007.The exterior of the hotel is currently being renovated so is completely boarded up. A note in the room said they had spent £5M renovating the interior which is now complete.Lobby is small &amp; it was unclear where reception was.Checked into room 401. Very small room but as I was on my own so it was fine and the decoration was nice, a bit different, it looked quite cute. Double bed, wardrobe witch housed the mini bar, kettle, safe as well as hanging space.Flat screen TV on the wall at the end of the bed was nice but there were very few channels.Bathroom was bigger than I expected for the size of the room with marble tops and a shower over the bath.Problems - the sink in the bathroom is too small. You can't fill the mini kettle from the tap as the sink is too shallow and it's difficut to use to wash your face as the tap is fixed and there is so little room either side of it that you end up with water everywhere.There is no clock in the room. Unless you bring your own or have a mobile phone you won't know what the time is.The hallway is well lit which is nice, except that there was a big gap at the bottom of the door so the light shone through when i was trying to sleep. I eventually put a pillow down and that worked quite well.I suspect that very little of the £5M spent was on sound proofing. The bed was on the hallway wall and that combined with the gap under the door meant I might have well have slept in the hallway. I could also hear other guests in their rooms - never good.Bed was comfortable. Air con was noisy.Food - I didn't eat at the hotel. Even though I was on business and my company was picking up the tab I couldn't justify spending £16 on a burger. Breakfast was £18. Again, wouldn't even spend someone elses money at that price.Good points - great location for the tube, Green Park is 2 blocks away, doesn't take more than a couple of minutes to walk there. Streets around the hotel felt safe, even when walking back to the hotel from the tube station late at night. Also a great location for anything in the city or tea at the Ritz.I'm not sure I would stay at Flemings Mayfair again, the one thing you need is a good nights sleep and I didn't get it here. The location is good but for the price of a room I think there are better options.	
Dec 2 2007 	Exceptional Apartments Value For Money	We have stayed at Flemings Apartments on most London visits over the years. Last time, we tried the Collingham Apartments, but hurried back to Flemings again on this visit.The apartments at Flemings Hotel have their own separate entrance from the street, without the need to pass through the hotel lobby. We have stayed in both 1 and 2 bedroom apartments in the past. The apartments are names after authors, and this time we stayed in 'Dickens'. Dickensian it was not! Luxury is the order of the day here. Quality furniture and decor, large living room, separate guest toilet, full bath with separate shower closet, ample closet space, aircon, writing desk, dining table to seat 4, Internet access in room, CD player and widescreen TV in both main rooms are just some of the features. Then there is a fully stocked kitchen and fridge with tea, coffee, bread, butter, milk, eggs, biscuits, bottled water and fresh fruit provided free! For quality and value - Flemings is hard to beat.	
Nov 21 2007 	Out of this world service!!!!	Hi I was lucky enough to stay at this hotel last week. Everything about the hotel was perfect!!Staff very friendly and would out of their way for you. We stayed in an executive room which was extremely comfortable.Brill location within minutes of Green Park Tube station...nice trendy bars and restaurants near hotel.Breakfast was fantastic with lots of choice. Two nights wasn’t enough....Would definitely recommend	
Nov 5 2007 	Still the best bargain in Mayfair	In the two years since we last stayed at Flemings, it has only gotten better. The rooms are compact, but beautifully furnished with all modern amenities. As always, the lobby, lounge and dining areas are comfortably plush. Every area of the hotel is spotless.All employees from reception to cleaning staff are pleasant, efficient, and knowledgeable. Of particular note is Priscilla in Dining who noticed a minor concern with the preparation of my breakfast and immediately corrected it without being asked. As far as touring London is concerned, we have run out of superlatives in describing William, the charming concierge - he knows all, anticipates all, and strives to meet each guest's needs.We know of no other 3 star hotel in Mayfair that provides as much value for money. Certainly there are none so perfectly located with Piccadilly Circus, Green Park, Shepherd Market, Hard Rock Cafe, and even Buckingham Palace all short walks from the hotel. As always, search the internet for special offers. I suspect reviewers who thought Flemings too expensive were tourists who did not investigate thoroughly before making reservations.	
Oct 31 2007 	Superb - in every way!	After reading previous reviews for this hotel, I approached my holiday with caution. I need not have worried. Although check in is not until 1400 we were allowed to leave our cases there as soon as we arrived in London, and the check in process was carried out early so we only needed to pick up our key when we returned. The room was compact, but there was plenty of room to move around and it contained every convenience we were looking for, and was exceedingly comfortable. Full English breakfast was included in our stay, which was tasty and filling, but we also had full access to the breakfast buffet, which was regularly restocked and contained everything you would expect of a hotel catering to international tastes. The staff were wonderful. They were friendly and helpfuland very efficient. The hotel is perfectly located about 10 minutes walk from Piccadily Circus, and just round the corner from Green Park tube, so it's easy to get to the hotel no matter where you are arriving from. Our stay here was perfect, and I'd happily stay here again.	
Sep 29 2007 	Treated like royalty!	Two friends and I stayed at Flemings-Mayfair for six nights 9/19 thru 9/24/07. The staff offered excellent service including reception, concierge, housekeeping, restaurant and porters. Check-in and check-out were effortless. Ice was always provided to our room upon request.The room was two double beds with a pull-out sofa making it a triple. Friend reported the sofa very comfortable, as were the beds. Room was ready for early check-in, and daily housekeeping kept it clean and tidy. We had an in-room air conditioner which kept the room very comfortable without much noise.Continental breakfast included croissants, sweetrolls, ham, salami, cheese, yogurt, cereal, toast &amp; jam, and fresh fruit. Very ample, and good.Upon arrival four staff members scurry out to greet you - two holding doors open, two at bottom of 3 steps to help with baggage, etc. Upon entering lobby the concierge greets you with a personal question i.e. &quot;How did you like Buckingham Palace today?&quot; Never waited more than a couple of minutes for the lift - which is lovely decorated as a library.The library off the lobby is a perfect place to relax and unwind prior to retiring to your room. Comfy sofas and chairs, windows overlook Half Moon St., fireplace for colder temperatures.Definitely looking forward to staying here again!	
Sep 25 2007	What a Hell Hole!!!	We stayed at Flemings of Mayfair Hotel for 2 nights. It is like a building site. Scaffolding is erected with builder shouting, dropping tools from 8.00am to 6.00pm. &amp; having to look out a the Builders fat stomach is not a room with a view. Unable to relax in rooms, as builders &amp; heating engineers in &amp; out constantly, we were even being interputed whilst in the bathroom. Had to complain to Front of House manager several times, before he would get the workmen out of our bedroom. The bedroom were not made up by 2.00pm &amp; again had to chase the manager, to get this done.&amp; the heat!!!! (I read a previous review from earlier this year) the heating/airconditioning is still not working/fixed. I woke up in a bath of sweat &amp; my hair having gone all fuzzy. I was like waking up in the tropics!. Afternoon tea was disgusting too. Very small sandwiches (which were dry, probably due to the heat) &amp; £37.00 for 3 people, it is a rip off.The one lift, which is very slow is used by Guests &amp; Hotel staff as a service lift. When you call the lift, you have to wait ages for it.Staff were indifferent &amp; rude. The female receptionist would rather chat to her friends on the phone than deal with guests.I would not stay at Flemings of Mayfair again &amp; I would not advise anyone else to either. Keep your money &amp; book into somewhere else, where there are no builders, rude staff, heating/airconditioning is working &amp; don't pay of the over priced afternoon tea.	
Aug 22 2007 	Great hotel	My wife and I stayed here for one night to take in a show in the west end.Excellent location, a minutes walk from Green Park underground and only one stop away from Piccadilly and two from Leicester Square. All the main attractions are easily accessible on foot, with Piccadilly only 5-8 minutes walk and Buckingham Palace about the same.The rooms are very comfortable and overall we found this hotel to be a good example of a four star hotel. For good rates we found alpharooms hard to beat.Hope you enjoy it as much as we did.	
Aug 14 2007	dissaster	Total dissaster, booked two rooms direct with hotel for myself, my husband,and three small children to stay for two nights, only to find on arrival only one room had been reserved and there were not two rooms available, didn't seem to matter to them although mistake was theirs, so we were left in London with no accomodation.	
Jul 18 2007 	Loved our apartment at Flemings!!	My husband and I stayed at the Flemings Mayfair for 3 nights and wished we had stayed longer. The staff was so wonderful, nice and welcoming upon our arrival. Throughout our stay they were always so helpful in answering any of our questions. We stayed in one of the apartments which was absolutely amazing. The room was very spacious and had such a comfortable bed. We plan on returning to London in the future and will definitely be staying at the Mayfair again. We highly recommend this hotel to anyone. It was also in such a great location. Only a 5 minute walk to Picadilly and Buckingham Palace!	
May 13 2007 	Great location but most other things disappointing	We like to stay in the St James's / Mayfair area and we looked at thehotel website and thought we'd give it a go. The hotel has a great location just off Piccadilly but on approaching the hotel alarm bellsstarted ringing. The hotel is a small side street and adjacent properties are very run down for this upmarket area. On entering the hotel we were aware of the lack of staff around and on checking in we had difficulty making ourselves understood as the receptionist had a poor command of the English language, although he supervisor quickly took over and saved the day. We were shown to our room which was a very small, dark room on the ground floor next to the library. The room itself was ok but tired looking and not quite what we were expecting. There was however a comfortable lounge area in the hotel. The hotel lacked atmosphere, we were on a room only basis and so we didn't eat at the hotel. The hotel has great potential but if you're looking for something a bit special then you will be disappointed	
May 2 2007 	Nice location but would not stay there again	The hotel is located in a nice location in the Mayfair area close to the major attraction areas and the hotel and room atmosphere was quite nice, but the hotel has major issues with their service. The breakfast that comes with the room rate is awful and while you're sleeping in the morning, the cleaning lady opens your door with one knock on the door (without waiting for us to respond). This happened twice out of three days. The trip may seem ok until you check out to see your phone bill. I made a 25 minute call to my friend who lives in London city area and the bill came out to 100 pounds ($200). I complained since the calculation seemed to be a mistake based on the directory info and they first said 'London hotels are quite expensive especially to mobile phones'. I asked for an explanation based on the info provided and without good explanation they said 'ok, how about 50% off then' as if it was a cheap flea market bargain. I was still quite unhappy since the information on the directory said it's 88 cents per minute. I explained my calcuation and they said 'ok, 36 pounds then.' When I asked for a receipt, they just typed in '36' on the receipt without any details. It was very unprofessional. Then, I heard another lady who seemed to be happy when she came to the reception yelling at the front desk when she saw her bill. I would be very careful when you stay at this place.	
Apr 19 2007 	birthday treat	what a wonderful short stay, brilliant location, staff were efficient friendly and helpful. we had evening meal and breakfast and i have to say although evening meal was a little expensive, it was delicious, breakfast was included in the price and was fabulous.Ihave stayed in london on lots of occasions and this was by far the best we have stayed in not just value for money but beautifully clean and catered well for children.	
Apr 2 2007 	Excellent Time!	My friend and I stayed at the Flemings Mayfair from March 9th to March 17th, 2007. We booked the hotel along with our flight on go-today.com. Our room was always clean and the staff was very helpful. We ate breakfast every morning as part of our reservation. Although the food was nothing special, there was enough to satisfy me. Their food included cereal, pastries, fruit (not that fresh), meats (I didn't try them), toast and yogurt. I'm not that picky so cereal and tea for breakfast was fine with me. The hotel is a five minute walk from the nearest tube station (Green Park) and a ten minute walk to the next one (Picadiily Circus). We were a stone's throw from Buckingham Palace and Green Park. I would recommend eating dinner at one of the restaurants in Shepards Market. It's just two blocks from the hotel. We had a fine meal at a Turkish Restaurant in Shepards Market. There's also a Fedex with twenty-four hour internet service just one block away. I have given the hotel a high rating b/c of the cleanliness, helpful staff, and it's close proximity to a tube station. This hotel was perfect for my spring break trip to London!	
Mar 21 2007 	Flemings Was Fabulous	I think Flemings is one the most friendly and comfortable hotels in the whole of London. It is also excellent value. Situated in the heart of Mayfair (truly the most fantastic location) this is one of London's unsug gems.Originally built in the 18th century, it retains an appropriate old-fashioned charm - mixed with the modern virtues of impeccable service and cleanliness. The food is brilliant, too.There are a variety of rooms to suit all tastes, from suites to singles, and all are equipped with everything you could possibly need. They are beautifully furnished.The well-mannered staff strike the perfect balance between charm and discretion, allowing the visitor space and time, but also attentive to all needs.One last tip - don't miss the breakfast. it must be the best in London.	
Mar 20 2007 	London's finest	I have now stayed at Flemings several times and each time the standard of service has been exceptional.The rooms are immaculate and comfortable - and most importantly the bar serves the best gin and tonic in town.	
Mar 18 2007	Wonderful Hotel	We were three friends sharing a triple. The room worked perfectly. Immaculate lovely bathroom and very spacious.Plenty of towels and a heated towel bar. The maid service was outstanding, crisp white sheets on the beds, plentiful pillows and they redid the room invisibly. We never encountered them.The concierge was charming and helpful. All in all a totally pleasant experience.	
Mar 18 2007 	enjoyable stay	good hotel at a great location. Hotel staff were very curteous and helpful. Rooms were of a good size and furnished well with a very comfortable bedwhich makes a pleasent change. Overall I would stay here again.	
Mar 16 2007	Great stay would definitely stay again	I stayed in the Fleming Mayfair between March 4 - 11th with my family into two separate rooms. This was my third trip to Londonand I have to say my favorite hotel. The room was more than adequate in size (for London). The room had industrial AC units in them that were a bit noisy, but kept the room cool. The hallways and rooms can be stuffy / hot as all the windows are sealed /stain glass. The hotel was very neat, staff very helpful and organized. I found the bar and library to be very nice places to relax. Breakfast was wonderful. We had the contential breakfast every day which had a full spread of cereals, juices, fresh fruit,pastries, fish, breads and hard boiled eggs. For 2 pounds more you coul have the English Breakfast (C - 16 pounds, EB - 18 pounds).Breakfast was included in my stay so I ate everyday. The room had guest terry cloth robes to wear and was smartly decorated. The location could not be better. Located in Mayfair, a beautiful part of London with a grocery store just around the corner, multiple restaurantsand coffee shops. Take the time to explore Mayfair after you checkin, including Shepherds Market. To get the hotel (cheaply), take the Piccadily line towards central London and get off at the Green Park stop (about 45 minutes on theUnderground and 4 pounds in cost). Walk up the stairs to &quot;Piccadily North&quot;. Take a hard right once you reach street level and walk about3-4 blocks down to Half Moon and Piccadily. Take a right up Half Moon and the Fleming Mayfair will be on your right and in the middleof Half Moon Street.I really enjoyed the Fleming Mayfair hotel and will stay there again. Another tip. Take the Big Bus Company tour right across from the Green Park underground station (Green Park, the actual park, side of Piccadily). It was 20 pounds for the day but the Red Line tour was great.Much better than the Original Bus Company.	
Feb 21 2007 	Great location 	My husband and I spent a week in London at the Flemings Mayfair. This is our 2nd trip to London and I was very pleased with the room. This hotel was a package deal from Go-today travel and so I was a bit nervous about what our lodgings would actually pan out to be. I actually went through tripadvisor and checked the reviews on all the hotels that were offered by Go-Today before making my selection. I was happy with my choice. The location is perfectly situated, less than 5 min. walk to Green Park tube station. It is also situated across the park from Buckingham Palace for those interested. Piccadilly station is a 10 min. walk or take the tube if you are tired.The staff was very friendly and helpful. The hotel was trendy looking. The room was small, but a good size for London standards. The room was also pretty warm-ok hot. I would agree with the other reviewers, but easily solved by opening the windows a bit. Of course by opening the windows, you also open the room to the street noise. If you don't like the street noise at night you definitely won't like it in the a.m. If you are not an early riser, you may want to request a room away from the street because it does get a bit crazy.The continental breakfast was average. It was buffet style and was filling with a variety of selections. The wait staff was very friendly. Overall, we did not care about the noise or the heat, you can adjust to these minor inconveniences. After all you are in London...relax and enjoy the city.I gave the review an above average rating because of the proximity to the tube station and the friendly service. In London it is a good thing to be close to the tube, saves your feet.	
Feb 18 2007 	Little Gem!	What a lovely little gem! We had very generously sized rooms that were stylishly decorated. Very friendly, helpful staff. Lovely breakfast and nice bar meals. Good location, tucked away down a side street from Green Park tube. My only minor moan would be that the reception desk/area was too small and check in/out could take a while...apart from that I would recommend highly.	
Feb 17 2007	Would not stay again!!	I stayed at the Flemings Mayfair on Valentines Day with my boyfriend. First impression was good but when checking in we had to wait while they &quot;checked something in our room&quot; We both thought this was a little bit strange but didnt read much into it. We popped out for shopping and when returning to our room we noticed someone had been in as the curtains/blinds had been ajusted! It appeared that the staff hadn't prepared our room for our arrival as we noticed things appearing in our room i.e towels, glasses. Not impressed! We found it hard to sleep as it was really hot in the room and even had a temporary air con unit in the room! Doors were continuiously slamming early hours in the morning so I kept waking up with a shock! Breakfast was not impressive at all. It was warm, not hot and not very nice. The table salt was in a tray unchurned so you found it too salty! We even got chatting to another couple who approched us and told us how they hated their stay. We were not alone. I wouldnt recommend this hotel, I'm also a travel agent and i will definately not be staying again. The location was good but overal rather dissappointing especially at £60 a night!	
Feb 9 2007	Excellent hotel	My wife and I stayed at this hotel for two night in January 2007 (room 207).We found the hotel to be an excellent choice, in a good location and at £119 per room per night, excellent value. Our room was a standard room but of a good size with a large comfortable double bed. The bathroom was also a good size with a large bath and seperate shower cubicle.It is located in a quiet side street (a bonus!) close to Green Park tube station, over the road from Green Park (a short walk through the park to Buckingham Palace), West End in fact very central for everything.We would definately stay here again.	
Jan 30 2007 	Lovey hotel good choice!	Alovely weekend spent in the elegant Flemings of mayfair. It is an intimate, quiet hotel in a side street, but very central, very close to green park tube station and within walking distance of regent street/piccadilly. The lobby was filled with the most beautiful flowers, the smell greeted you every time you walked in, a nice touch.It was spotlessly clean, and well decorated. the breakfast was great, buffet on the sunday, table service on the monday.the room was well appointed, and not a bad size for a standard twin.there is one problem that i will mention, The heat! although it was january the room was extremely hot, and the air-conditioning unit was too noisy to have on at night. this would make me think twice before booking in the summer which is a shame as it really is a lovely hotel. hopefully they will sort this out soon.I would recommend this hotel however, as it is well placed and well run.	
Dec 23 2006 	spot on	Stayed Flemings for 3 nights in London as part of Silver Wedding Anniversary break. Found the room to be smallish but very quiet and comfortable. Staff top notch and food (Dinner) was great - breakfast a little overcooked though.Ideal for theatre land, Royal Albert Hall and Oxford Street. Would definately go again and / or recommend.	
Dec 22 2006 	Great Location	Stayed for 2 nights late Nov 06 as part of theatre break. Excellent location, easy to walk to Oxford/Regent Streets. Covent Garden also walking distance, my 70yr old mother was fine thisNo problems getting cabs from hotel.Breakfast cold buffet, also cooked English if you wish. Service felt a little hurried.Saff helpful and friendly.Bar area could do with updating and it was smokey the night I went in (not long to smoking ban though) again staff friendly.Room and bathroom clean room for a small seating area with couch.	
Nov 26 2006 	A wonderful stay	I stayed with my children here for a weekend break in London during the October half term break. What a lovely hotel Flemings is! Everything was perfect, from the welcoming and professional staff at the reception desk, to the beautiful rooms and the excellent buffet breakfast. We were very impressed with everything Flemings had to offer and would stay again in a heartbeat! The location was excellent, being just minutes away from Green Park station and an easy walk to Piccadily. Thoroughly recommended!	
Nov 25 2006 	Wonderful Hotel Excellent location	My husband and I stayed at the Flemings Mayfair hotel for 5 nights in November. We had a room with a king size bed. The room was wonderful and very comfortable. The location is amazing, it's on a side street off of Piccadilly. We walked everywhere, never felt the need to take the tube. Walked to Harrods, Piccadilly Circus, Trafalgar Square, Oxford Circus, museums, Westminster Abby, etc. Excellent little cafes around the corner. Samuel Pepys Pub on Claridges Street, behind Half Moon, literally 1 minute walk. Cheap beer &amp; good pub grub. Also on Claridges street, right at the corner, is an amazing Lebanese restaurant. Excellent food and not very expensive. In the other direction, a 2 minute walk the other way, are more pubs and restaurants. There's also a Tesco Express (London chain of grocery stores) which is very convinient. On Piccadilly street, grab a great sandwich or salad at Pret a Manger, another chain you'll see everywhere in London. We took a day tour, which is probably the best way to see London and then decide where you want to explore. We were there 6 days and still have so much to see. Enjoyed the city, food, theatres, etc,....The people are so polite and the city is just beautiful. Can't wait to go back.	
Oct 30 2006 	Gem of a hotel	Spent Sat 28th October 2006 at Flemings and had a superb time. Hotel staff very pleasant and helpful. Breakfast excellent and rooms furnished well and clean. Would recommend and will return. It is just such a great central situation for a weekend break.	
Oct 24 2006	uninhabitable	With an ideal location -- close-by Shepherd Market and convenient to all of Mayfair -- Flemings features some of the smallest rooms we've ever experienced, reached via airless and sweltering hallways. Of the few common spaces, The Library is charming but sadly uninhabitable by even the most hardy of non-smokers. But most disappointing is the service, especially by the front desk, which typically exhibited that &quot;who are you and what could you possibly want that would matter even a whit to me?&quot; attitude. Book this hotel only when there are no other options in the area.	
Sep 19 2006 	Soooo Hot	We stayed at Flemings Mayfair for two nights. The location was absolutely great for us as we love shopping in Knightsbridge and the atmosphere of the West End. The hotel itself lacked atmosphere and unfortunately class. It was so so hot in the coridoors and rooms. The rooms were tiny and very clostrophobic. The breakfast was good, but again there was very little atmosphere in the Restaurant. On the Sunday we returned to our room at around 3.30pm for a little snooze and the room had not been serviced. True to form the door and telephone then did not stop asking if we required our room to be serviced. We agreed we would be out for around 6pm &amp; the housekeeper agreed the room would be serviced then. At 5.15pm the door knocked again for our room to be serviced. We gave up and requested that they did not service our room as it was more trouble than it was worth. We had a great weekend in London however would not recommend the Flemings.	
Aug 27 2006	Very pleasant room in excellent Green Park location	I selected this hotel from several options as part of a Virgin Vacations package, so I think we got a better-than-usual rate; therefore I can't evaluate it in terms of value for cost. I was a little apprehensive because the Trip Advisor reviews were quite mixed, and a lot of people seemed very upset about the air-conditioning situation. However, when we arrived in London the weather was moderate, and air conditioning was not really an issue (also, I took the advice of one Trip Advisor reviewer and opened the window at times). I was very happy with this hotel and would try to stay here again. My favorite aspect of it was the location, on a quiet street a short walk from the Green Park tube. If you are a frequent Tube user, this stop is great--not only is it a straight shot from Heathrow (no changing lines), but it's on 3 lines and convenient to everywhere. This location is also walking distance to many great places. Our room and bathroom were newly redecorated and very pleasant and comfortable; no view from the window, but that was okay. A large buffet-style Continental breakfast was included (with excellent pastries), and for just 2 pounds you could upgrade to a full cooked English breakfast (that rate is much higher at some other hotels, I believe) in addition to all the items from the buffet. The staff was pleasant and helpful. I made only one complaint during our stay, since our in-room electric teakettle had exposed coils that seemed strangely stained green; since we aren't used to this design of kettle in the U.S., I didn't know if it was safe. A staff person came to our room within 5 minutes to assure us that the stains were just minerals, the coils were supposed to be exposed, and the kettle was safe. She then replaced it anyway with a brand-new (unstained) kettle of a different design that looked more appetizing. It was a minor matter, but I was very impressed with their quick response and eagerness to please (especially since it probably seemed like a ridiculous complaint to people who use these kettles all the time). I was sorry when our time at this hotel was up, and would gladly stay here again.	
Jul 31 2006	great hotel	Great location, friendly and very helpful staff, clean rooms and ample breakfasts included in the price which was booked through the Superbreak website on a per person basis. The price was less than half that quoted by the hotel direct. Central location and the Eye is an easy walk. If you want beer, nip round the corner to Shepherds market where there are three pubs and several cheap bistros. If you are really on a budget, Tescos and M and S are a few hundred yards away!	
Jun 19 2006 	Excellently located - rooms are a (bad) joke!	I stayed at the FLemings Mayfair for two nights in early June on recommendation of a Travel Agent who found it in the Internet but had never been there herself. The Hotel is very pleasantly situated and nice to look at from outside. The Lobby is spacious and very clean, the adjacent &quot;Library&quot; is comfortable for reading a newspaper or meeting guests. My room was TINY! The AC did not work, but a transportable AC unit was provided which consumed most of the little space the room had to offer. Unfortunately that piece of equipment was not up to its task: it sucked in warm air from the court yard and delivered it to the room. It was one of the first summer days in London this year with outside temperature about 25°C/77°F. Inside the room it was considerably hotter and the air was very bad. I opened the window during the night because of the suffocating heat. However, there was a huge noisy beast of an AC engine in the court yard. Had I not thoughtfully brought a pair of ear plugs, I would not have gotten a wink of sleep.Room and bathroom (also tiny) were very clean and pleasantly furnished, but they will not see me there again before they have solved the AC problem.The staff was very friendly.	
Jun 18 2006 	Expensive typical mayfair type hotel	In summary, I would say the place is vastly overpriced for what it is. 150 pounds plus will get you a single room in which there is not much space. It is a typical old Mayfair hotel and they all seem to have small rooms and charge a fortune for it! The rooms have got aircon but it is fairly noisy and a huge 'roll around' unit. The bar will cost you about 6 quid for a beer (bottle) so you might be better to use on the the local pubs. Food is overpriced as well but the restaurant is pretty good. I have been staying here for business reasons on and off for a few years now and I would say the bar has no life and is little frequented. Money have obviously been spent on the hotel decor, etc with everything pretty top quality stuff... but it seems to have been spent for the sake of spening and is really not very practical. The staff however are very helpful and couteous and the place is in a good location. It is an upper end hotel but I would think you could do better within a short radius. I would have pretty similar things to say about the Hilton which is right opposite on Hlaf Moon Street. Hope this helps.	
May 31 2006	Bad Business Hotel	I stayed here in late May on a business trip but would not recommend the hotel. The room was extremely small, even by European standards. A very large air conditioner/air filter took up a lot of floor space. There was no desk chair so it was impossible to work in the room. I cancelled a wake up call but was called any way. The dining room tables are so tiny it is impossible to read or work during breakfast.	
May 16 2006 	Small clean but steamy hot room	I really liked the conciegre, Wiliam. The room was very compact yet clean. However the air conditioner spit out more hot air than was originally in room. I called the front desk and they sent someone up. He told me it needed to be on longer. After day out the room was a sauna. I turned it off and slept with the windows open. Much better. Also, my remote did not work with the TV. The front desk was insistent that I wasn't operating it properly. Finally the same man came up to my 4th floor room to tell me that my TV was the old kind and I couldn't view movies or many channels. It's not brain surgery staff, the remotes and TVs do not respond. Come on people get it straight! The AC is more of a heater. The TVs do NOT get movies or more than four or five channels. Other than that it's a clean bed in a central area. Consider this if booking and mention to staff that you read about the heat and TVS.	
May 8 2006	Won't be going back	I was disappointed with this hotel, having done extensive research checking reviews, I can't say that mine will be very positive, and to be honest, I expected more from a 4star deluxe.Our room was on the top floor and small, the bathroom was extremely compact but clean. The bed was comfortable but we did expect more from the tea &amp; coffee tray, they didn't top up the sugar and it lacked a complimentary packet of biscuits, a touch that many other hotels have. The TV remote control was unresponsive, and the teletext was infuriating as it wouldn't let you key in a page number or accept the colour buttons.The room was hot, I know we have just had some warm days in London, but the air conditioning unit was noisy, we switched it off at night and had the window open, but being at the back of the hotel we experienced a lot of noise from the street below.The staff were pleasant and helpful although we did have an uncomforable moment with a waitress due to a language comunication problem in the restaurant over desserts. It was slightly annoying there only appeared to be one lift but it was interestingly decorated with a book shelf effect. My key card was barred twice meaning extra trips back to reception. One final thing that puzzled me, I often found the hotel to have a stale smokey air, especially in the foyer.Although this hotel did have some beautiful features and some good points, I will be looking for anoher hotel next time I'm in London.	
Apr 25 2006	Pity about the heat!	The hotel in general was very good and in an excellent situation for access to business/tourist areas. Staff were courteous &amp; attentive. Buffet breakfast was OK but don't expect fried egg, only slimy scrambled. Our room was very compact but included most necessities. However, the shower was not the easiest to use mainly as it had a fixed shower head. Apparently the air conditioning is only working on the groundfloor at the moment. It is installed on other floors but we were told it will not be working until at least the summer (waiting for planning permission!) so we had to decide between be kept awake by the heat or by the noise from the open window!	
Apr 23 2006 	Excellent service good location.	Whilst the room I had was very small and pretty dark (it was on the ground floor and at the back of the hotel) it was more than compensated for by the excellent service and standards of all other aspects of the hotel. The staff were very friendly and efficient, the breakfast was superb, the room rate reasonable and the whole place was spotless and quiet. Very close to Green Park tube, a short walk to Picadilly Circus and the West End.	
Mar 7 2006	Loved Flemings	We took our 12 year old grandson to london to show him historical London. We stayed in Flemings Hotel in Greenpark. The hotel was wonderful. He certainly enjoyed it. Rooms were very roomy and comfortable and very clean.The breakfasts were very enjoyable.Hotel was very central, few minutes from tube. We could also walk to Picadilly circus. We had a wonderful time. He wants to return next year with his younger brother, and he said must stay in the same hotel.	
Mar 6 2006	Lovely Hotel Fantastic Location!!!	Well I absolutely loved this hotel. The front desk staff were all extremely friendly and helpful. Didn't really use concierge but he was always there with a smile and warm welcome!Our room was great. It was a good size with a king size bed and small seating area. Remember rooms in the uk - especially cities (think New York) - are generally nowhere near the generous proportions many hotel rooms in USA can boast! The room was decorated to a very high standard and spotlessly clean. Our room was on the ground floor, looking on to Clarges Street. I was worried about potential noise when we first arrived, but thankfully we had no problems there whatsoever!The breakfast was really nice, again staff friendly, although there was a severe amount of what appeared to be &quot;moaning&quot; between them. However they were generally attentive (although not consistently!)The biggest selling point to this hotel is location. A pleasant 5 minute stroll brings you to Buckingham Palace, 5 minute walk along Piccadily brings you to Piccadily Circus then on to Soho/China Town. 15-20 minute walk to Trafalgar Square/Westminster. Oxford Street will take you again about 15-20 mins. Everything is on your doorstep and a pleasant walk will take you anywhere!!I would seriously recommend this hotel and as someone else said &quot;I would return in a heartbeat!&quot;.	
Mar 6 2006	Wonderful Hotel - Highly Recommended!	I was recommended to use this hotel by some forum users on trip advisor. What a great find!!! beautiful hotel with lovely rooms and service. Modern but classic old touches - i loved all the mirrors in the lobby and the bookcase style lifts. Even the service in the bar was great. Would happily stay here again especially as we got a superb rate from hotel doorman. My boyfriend was so pleased with my choice that he proposed!!! Many thanks	
Feb 22 2006	Lovely	Yes, the rooms are small. However, they are new and very clean. The hotel staff was a bit scattered with the exception of the sweet concierge, William. This hotel is so centrally located it made travel quite easy. I would stay there again in a heart beat, but make sure to have a quiet nights sleep I'll request a room in the back next time. PS: I saw a friends hotel room that was utterly dingy and depressing. So even though their room was bigger at a different hotel it was a DUMP compared to my small yet lovely quarters.	
Nov 10 2005 	Tiny room expensive good location near Picadilly	I stayed there for two nights this week because I found myself in London at the last minute and wanted to be near Picadilly Circus. This was the closest I could find and took a chance based upon the reviews on Trip advisor. The location was ideal, around the corner from Picadilly street, green park tube stop, restaurants and even starbucks and a 5 minute walk to picadilly circus. The room I got was the smallest room I have ever been in in London after repeat visits all over the city. It was nicely appointed and all with a twin bed, which honestly left no room on the floor for a suitcase, there were literally 8 inches between the end of the bed and the dresser and that was all. Even the front door did not open all the way because of an oversized chair that partially blocked that door and the door to the bathroom from opening all the way. We ae talking tiny. Had I not slept with my suitcase on the bed, there would be no way out of the room in the event of a fire. Free hard wired internet that did not work when I got there but it was just unplugged, no help from the clueless bellman who wss sent up to look at it. The room did not have controlled temperature, rather a large standalone blower that blocked part of the one corner and needed to be on all the time to properly ventilate the room I believe. it was rether loud also. The room wass 144 pounds per night, on the high side of average for central london. The clincher was at checkout. I had called and asked that my bill be prepared as I had a tight flight at the end of rushhour/ I got down to reception and it was ready. they had charged 9.68 pounds for one 3 minute call - which is today $16.80 US, when I asked about this I was told that the call was to a cell phone in London and therefore used that many units. I did not dispute that further but seems quite high to me, even in new york standards. From that time to when the clerk finally ran and handed me my bill was ten minutes, I know this because the taxi was out front waiting. I do not know what took her so long...... I probably would not bo back there due to tiny room, cost for calls, and just not quite right on the little things.	
Oct 20 2005	Perfect Hotel in Mayfair London	Just returned from five nights at Flemings Mayfair London and have nothing but the highest recommendation. First of all, the staff...Simon, William, Michel made our trip so special from the first moment we walked into the lovely hotel lobby. The rooms were nicely sized and the bathrooms were fantastic. Breakfast was incredibly awesome and included in the room rate. The beds were so comfortable, though we didn't spend much time there!To sum it up, a lovely trip to London was made even more beautiful by the Flemings Mayfair.	
Aug 16 2005	Compact yet charming - a hotel with personality	Needing a room for a single night stay, I booked Flemings Mayfair on the day of my arrival in London. I had heard the hotel was good, but as I paid such a low rate, I was concerned I would be accommodated in a tiny cupboard of a room. However, this wasn't the case. Whilst the room I had was compact, it was cleverly so, and absolutely ideal for my needs. I feel like I got the bargain of the day. The facilities were excellent, the staff perhaps a little over-attentive for my liking, and the location just off Piccadilly was excellent. If I had paid full rate I may have been disappointed, but it was tremendous value at the bargain rate that I got, and it was so lovely to stay somewhere charming rather than somewhere that is just functional. It has real personality, something that seems to be very rare these days.	
Aug 8 2005 	Nice Mayfair Hotel for Business Travelers	My husband and I stayed several nights at the Flemings Mayfair twice in the past year (Sept 2004 and April 2005). The hotel was recently renovated and modernized, and the lobby and all of the rooms have been tastefully decorated in a sleek modern style. The 18th century building is charming, though it has some unavoidable drawbacks, like winding hallways and smaller rooms. The bathrooms in both rooms we stayed in are large and gorgeous. Robes are provided for guests. Internet access through the flat screen TV has also been installed, though we needed the staff to set it up in our room before use. The staff at the front desk is very professional and helpful. The hotel is on a quiet street just off of Picadilly and 2 blocks from the Green Park tube station. That makes it a very convienent location to combine sightseeing, shopping and business. Just around the corner is charming Shepherds Market which has several cafes, bars and upscale restaurants. It is a comfortable area to stay in for frequent travelers. This hotel is not cheap, so if you are a tourist I'm sure there are lots of alternative locations and prices. However, for business traveler's in the overwhelmingly expensive and ritzy Mayfair district, this hotel is priced right for the value. We look forward to return stays at the Flemings Mayfair.	
Apr 2 2005	Fantastic Hotel	Just had an fab stay at Flemings - room was huge and very tastfully decorated. Breakfast was lovely and a good selection. Myself and my 6 year old daughter stayed for 2 nights over easter and it was too short.Great location.	
Mar 28 2005 	Don't stay here! Please read this review!	The hotel was a trojan horse, pretty on the outside, horrible on the inside. The staff was unbelievably incompetent and it would take me too long to list all of the problems. They kept trying, but ended up failing each time. The only pluses are the location and the breakfast room, here is an overview:1. Asked for a quiet room not on the street or near an elevator. The first two times they gave me the above, it took an hour to get a room.2. Woke me up an hour early the day I was leaving, 4:45 AM!3. Alex the concierge gave me bad info on museum openings, etc. and I ended up missing out on some activities. William, the head concierge was better.4. Room was tiny, 4 channels of TV, no movie video on demand, no high speed Internet, couldn't get to my e-mail through a dial up connection, no clocks in any of the rooms.5. Asked for a list of health food stores. Got a list but was told the best was on a huge street in another section of London and to just go there, I should be able to find it as they didn't have the phone number or exact address! In checking with a taxi driver, he said that I never would have found it as the street is several miles long.6. Asked for a power converter for 110 volts for my laptop. They brought up the wrong one the first two times.	
Dec 8 2004	Flemings ok	3 adult women stayed here in Oct. The room was VERY small. The beds were awful! We could barely move. The bathroom was huge-one of us could have slept in there! The lobby was beautiful. The staff were ok. The bell guys were excellent. But the location was great. I wouldn't stay there again.	
Oct 26 2004	Stayed at the Flemings Mayfair Hotel. Excellent!	Stayed at the Flemings Mayfair hotel. It was centrally located to everything and a 10 minute walk from Buckingham Palace. London is a fantastic city. Be aware of the difference in the Pound Sterling and the U.S. Dollar, though. It can bite you..	
Aug 19 2004	Excellent Hotel	We stayed her in August 2004 and the hotel was excellent. The staff were friendly and very helpful. The hotel is idealy situated just a couple of minutes walk from Green Park Tube Station.Our room was lovely, very clean and decorated to a high standard. The restaurant is superb, the price may put some people off but it is very good value for money and delicious.We will be staying again.	
Aug 16 2004	Great Hotel	Great Hotel. Excellent lcoation. We stayed here in July. If you're there in the summer make sure you get a room with air conditioning. Breakfast is great.	
Aug 14 2004	Family Reunion Was a Hit	Spent four nights here with my family...8 rooms, so I feel good writing this review. The rooms were fine. By British standards, they are average in size, some with slightly larger sitting areas, with love seats, chairs, minibars and tv's. Our queen bed was fine. The bathroom is small, but adequate. My parents were in in Room 67, I believe, which was a suite. It was wonderful. Two of the 8 rooms had poor air conditioning units, and I commented on this in a survey before checking out. The English breakfast was fine, although the bacon and eggs were slightly undercooked by American standards. My three teenage children and three teenage nieces and nephews loved the hotel. The staff was very nice. We spent a few evenings in the bar and would recommend this to readers. Our rooms were clean and so were the bathrooms. I've stayed at the London Conrad, Hazzlitts, and lived in the City a year in college. This is a wonderful hotel. The location is great for walkers and joggers, just across from Green Park, and not far from Hyde Park. There are several neat pubs within 300 meters from the hotel. There are also several nice places for inexpensive lunches close by on Shephard's Lane, too. I'd stay here again in a flash. The negative reviews below wouldn't stop me from rebooking here. I would try to negotiate a rate below the current 169 pound room rate,however.	
May 6 2004	not worth the money	My mum and I stayed here last year and I have to say that it one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in. We arrived early about 10am and were told that the room would be ready at 2pm but we could leave our bags. So we hit the shops only to come back at 3pm to be told our room was still not ready! At 5pm they allowed us to have a key to the worlds most smallest twin room I have ever seen. Only one person could walk around at any one time it was that small the beds were pushed so close together. The bathroom was a joke. The only good thing about this hotel was the location. The staff are unhelpful and rude and I for one will never return!	
Apr 29 2004	Great location - friendly staff		
Apr 13 2004	Good Location Lousy Room		
Mar 3 2004	Flemings Mayfair Hotel Great Location		
Mar 3 2004	We loved it!		
Jan 19 2004 	We didn't stay!		
Jan 4 2004	Lovely Apartment		
Dec 31 2003	Fantastic!		
Nov 11 2003	Lovely hotel lovely location!		
Oct 9 2003	A wonderful hotel!		
Feb 4 2003	fleming mayfair hotel		
Nov 2 2009 	excelente atencion. muy hospitalarios		
Nov 1 2009 	Excelente		
Oct 1 2009 	Proper hotel met sublieme ligging		
Aug 29 2009 	?????		
Mar 9 2009 	??????		
Feb 12 2009 	Piacevole sorpresa		
Nov 10 2008 	N'oubliez rien dans votre chambre		
Jun 25 2008 	Buen hotel magnífica ubicación.		
Nov 12 2007 	hotel sympa		
