	a fine establishment for the fashionably drunk	Our stay was spent in a compact cosy room, slightly warmer than desired but providing an excellent base temperature for spending the evening sweating out. More desirable than the average den, a television was provided but not tested as our entertainment was provided - a rich real-time audio/visual experience of atmosphere beyond the window, a fine example of some of King Cross' finest architecture and social investment programmes. The bathroom provided an array of clean surfaces (without being annoyingly greased like you find in so many public houses), and with tiling throughout and a drain in the corner, allowing us to fully relax through into the night - one oversight by the designers is perhaps the lack of barrier preventing fluids escaping into the bedroom.All in all a pleasant night, the polite and motivated staff having no quibble with us engaging with the local red light culture and activities.	
Oct 20 2009 	Good value for money	We've spent there 2 nights. Rooms small but fair. Excellent location for seesighting as well due to St. Pancrass/KingCross well connected to airports.I've got what what I paid for...DW	
Oct 6 2009 	Do not stay here .. you may as well stay in kings cross public loo!	This hotel is not what it says on the tin.... yes it is small which we expected for the price however you would expect a hotel to be cleaner than a public toilet whatever the price you pay. I booked in here for a one night stay with a collegue, our experience was so bad we ended up leaving at 11pm to go to the nearest travel lodge!!!! When we checked in we were not given our keys until the owner had contacted the travel agency that our company had booked with just in case we dedided we wanted to stay the night for free, despite the fact that both the travel company and our company had provided him with payment details many times over the previous week. This meant we had to wait in the tiny small reception whilst he confirmed (for the umteenth time) the payment details with both our company and the travel agents. My collegue then had to change rooms as they had allocated her a room that had clearly been slept in and not cleaned with dirty sheets, rubbish and pill boxes on the floor and dirt all over the bathroom. She was then moved to another room that wasnt much better, this had snails and spiders on the wall and plaster was hanging off the wall. I would like to say that my room was better and that she could share with me, but it wasnt. Not only was there not enough room to swing a london alley cat, as soon as the window was shut in the room it smelt worse than a public toilet. The room smelt strongly of urine so bad that it hit the back of your throat when you breathed. Also the &quot;clean towels&quot; were grey, and the sheets had holes in them.Unfortunately... as we had just dropped off our cases and dashed out it was almost eleven oclock when we realised how bad the rooms were. You can live with a spider but i have never known a hotel to have snails on the wall or to smell worse than a public toilet. we then had to call to find somewhere else to stay and luckily was rescued by good old travellodge... this was only 5 mins down the road and for the extra ten pounds was far superior! When leaving the friendly receptionist told us we would have to pay for the room as there was nothing wrong with it. I would seriously never stop here again, and would advise that you look every possible other place before even considering here. Even a basic hotel should be free from creepy crawlies and should at least be clean. THERE WASNT EVEN A LAMP SO YOU COULD STAY UP ALL NIGHT READING IF YOU DIDNT DARE GO TO SLEEP!	
Sep 25 2009 	probably worth paying extra £15 for a better den...	Location is convenient, the bedding is clean -- but that's really it...Hotel is a grand name for this residential building. Bedding is fresh and clean - but the rest of the place not so much... To get to the room one has to go through a maze of narrow corridors with an overdue carpet (or was it intentional to make the place feel Victorian?)To find the right room look for a Post-it-Note stuck on the door instead of a number plate (they really are on the budget I guess!). Once you get into your room don't expect too much: it's small (just about enough to put your staff around and crash on the bed). Walls are beautified with both holes and some smears of &quot;better not to investigate&quot; origins. The shower cubicle is absolutely tiny (and I'm not a big guy!) and bringing a pair of flip-flops would help you to overcome the fear of stepping barefoot inside (see photos...).On the good side there is enough pressure and temperature in it!It's a cheap place and if was converted into a hotel in the cheapest possible way. You'll get a relatively clean place to stay (if walls and bathroom don't bother you too much). So if you gong for a couple of days for a training or business- you get a decent place to crash for a few hours before getting out again. It's not a place you want to stay in for pleasure. And definitely not for a romantic break!	
Sep 11 2009 	Clean convenient and safe with pleasant staff	Yes, the rooms are very small, but for the location and price, you can't get any better than this. It's very close to several Tube and bus lines, and it's an easy, pleasant walk from many tourist destinations. My chief concerns for a home base were safety and cleanliness, and I was very satisfied on both counts. Rooms are cleaned daily, the shower had good water pressure, and the staff were congenial. Don't go expecting the Ritz and you won't be disappointed.	
Sep 7 2009 	Clean and small	Although you feel like you need a can opener to get out of the bed in the morning, Wardonia offers a clean, convinient, and affordable stay in the busy town of London. Of course, they do advise you of the room size before you book (this is if you book though their webpage). There is nothing much more to say about this hotel other then the staff were extremely helpful.	
Aug 27 2009 	Avoid like the plague	This place was awful. I am a small person, and I could barely move in the room. You could not walk around the bed. The shower was terrible. It flooded the room because there was no basin. There were no screens on the windows and a pigeon came into our room. A homeless man lived in the courtyard below the window, and he kicked cans around all night. We also witnessed a murder from our room window. DO NOT STAY HERE.	
Aug 27 2009 	Great value for money !!!	We just stayed at this hotel for 1 night. The price was about 55 pounds for a double ensuite room which is perfect in London and specially in this area. Just situated near king's cross where you can catch either a bus or the metro to get to Picadilly. We enjoyed our stay there, the hotel is very clean. The room was quite small but for one night we weren't looking for a big room and so on...	
Jul 14 2009 	very basic but clean	My fiend overheard this conversation between a guest checking in and the staff:-Where is the breakfast served? -There are several great places for breakfast close by-Where are the lifts?-We have....stairs....This was our second stay so we knew what we were in for. The best features of this hotel are the price, the cleanliness and the friendly staff. The rooms are very basic, no furniture except the beds and a small table attached to the wall. They have saved in on everything, even hooks or hangers in the bathroom and other lamps than the one in the ceiling. The location is very convenient if you travel by train, being close to both St Pancras and Euston station, and the underground from King's Cross takes you to most tourist attractions in a few minutes.	
Jul 7 2009 	BUDGET hotel no AC or elevator in a great location	Paid GBP60 per night but unfortunately ended up being in London on 2 of their hottest days and the tiny room with windows wide open offered no comfort or sleep. Room was on the 2rd floor accessed via a narrow staircase, lugging our luggage up and down was a little annoying. The back ally was very noisy at night with drunks, music from other buildings, etc. Room was serviced each day. The location provides great access to Kings Cross/St Pancras. This is a budget hotel at best and a private, nice hostel at worst.	
Jul 7 2009 	very small but clean	We stayed here for two nights. It is in a brilliant location for st pancras international only 5 mins walk. I have to say the hotel room and ensuite was the smallest I've ever seen and don't think the bed was quite a double. However the tv worked fine, bedroom and bathroom were both very clean and shower worked fine. The first night was very noisey from the pub next door but the second night was quieter. We just wanted a cheap room for two nights and it served our purpose.	
Jul 4 2009 	Do Not Go!!!!!!	This hotel has to be the worst one that i have ever stayed in!!!!! We had booked in luckerly just for one night before we traveled to brussels the next morning. The location was excellent if you want to be near st pancreas but the room and the staff were awful! The bed was so small that it couldnt fit me and my boyfriend in it, (it was supposed to be a double) are feet dangled off the end and were not big people at all. Also are toilet was leaking all over the bathroom including in to the shower (yuk)!!! We also wasnt able to sleep due to the amount of noise coming from the pub next door and to the worlds smallest and most uncomfortable bed! To top it all off when we went to leave at 5 am in the morning with no sleep the receptionist said that we hadn't paid, even though i had booked it and payed before our stay and phoned to confirm that the payment had gone in. As we had to catch our train we couldnt stay and argue so had to pay twice for the worlds worst hotel!!!! So please do not go to this hotel!!! It is awful!!!	
Jun 29 2009 	Ok but Alhambra is better	This hotel is inexpensive &amp; clean, but the Alhambra hotel just down the road is a much better deal. Wardonia does not have wifi, breakfast, or even a tea kettle in the room. The furniture &amp; interiors all look nice and new/refurbished, but I didn't even have a water glass in the room! It's VERY basic. Alhambra has similar prices, with free breakfast &amp; wifi, and tea &amp; water glasses in the room. Also, at Wardonia you have to leave your key with the front desk when you go out, but Alhambra lets you keep your key and let yourself in.	
Jun 3 2009 	Clean basic friendly cheap no breakfast	Excellent location, just minutes from Kings Cross station, but down a calm, quiet and fairly pleasant street. The staff were helpful and friendly. There is no breakfast, but what do you expect for the price? Just get down to a local cafe in the morning, it still works out cheaper. It's a big old hotel with endless corridors, but was pretty quiet when I was there. Some of the top floor rooms have a great view of St Pancras Station. The room itself was very small! With a tiny bed and bathroom/shower. Also had TV with freeview. Very clean throughout - faultless in fact. Checkout was prompt and easy.	
May 29 2009 	I would never go back	Perfect location (close to St Pancras station and King's Cross) but we left the hotel after one night due to condition of room (room on basement level, window facing the brickwall of basement, window broken, room in direct connection with street outside and no lock or fastening on the door - it was scary). I assume they have better rooms and we were simply unlucky with booking this specific room as the hotel was fully booked.	
May 21 2009 	Ideal location and value for money	I stayed two nights at the Wardonia as I was attending a converence just around the corner. Very short walk from Kings Cross station. I knew from previous reviews that the room would be small and it was but hey, I was only planning on sleeping there - the bed was comfortable, my window opened fully and over looked a quiet residential area (back of hotel rather than front) Appeared to have had new carpets through out the hotel.The bathroom and bedroom were clean and bed was remade the 2nd day which I wasnt expecting at all. Everyoine on reception was very friendly and one of the guys - who must have done something like an 18 hr shift as he was always there, rembered my room number everytime without me asking - gresat service.	
May 5 2009 	Just Perfect	I had done my research so knew what to expect from this hotel. It exceeded my expectations because the location was better than I thought, the hotel was spotlessly clean and the room was actually bigger than I imagined. Yes- it was the smallest room I have ever stayed in but it was just perfect for my stay in London. Kings Cross tube station was a few minutes walk away and I could get to anywhere in London quickly and effortlessly and of course the adjoining St Pancras is brilliant for Eurostar. My window faced St Pancras and one morning I looked at the clock tower, then walked to the station and caught the train to Paris in less than 2 and a half hours, had an amazing day in Paris, caught the train back to London and a few minutes after arriving was back in my room at the Wardonia looking at the clock tower at about 10.45pm questioning whether I had really just been to Paris. Mind boggling!!! I stayed 7 nights but of course was out and about for most of the day sight seeing. The room suited my needs at night with a clean room, comfortable bed and an adequate ensuite. My only issue with my stay- and it might seem a bit picky- was that the staff were so distant and had no interest in their guests. I really wish they had just shown some basic hospitality by asking how my day had been, where I had gone, what I had done etc. As a solo traveller it can be quite lonely at times and I am just so used to having conversatons with hotel staff. Mind you they were all Eastern European so maybe their English wasn't great. Either way, I would recommend taking an interest in their guests just to build good business relationships. I would stay here again and would recommend this place to any other budget travellers. One last thing.... please get wifi even if you have to charge guests for it as it was inconvenient having to go elsewhere just to use my netbook.	
May 4 2009 	Small room - great location for travellers	Stayed at this hotel for 1 night (30 Apr). Rooms are tiny, but that is what you would expect from a budget hotel in this area – I’m 6”4 and I managed just fine..Room and bathroom was very clean. Would think that an extended stay here would not be too great as there is not much space for suitcases or hanging up of clothes.If you are a light sleeper ask for a room away from the entrance – we stayed above the entrance and were disturbed a number of times during the night by people coming / going.We had an early train out of St Pancras so we did not have b’fast at the hotel. It is a 3 – 4 min walk to the station from the hotel so the location was perfect for us.	
Apr 17 2009 	It met our expectations	First of all, the reviewers complaining about the size of the rooms didn't do their research. We booked through the Wardonia website and they have the room sizes listed for everyone to see before booking. Yes the rooms are small, but we wanted somewhere close to the Kings Cross Station. We arrived late in Heathrow and left early the next morning on the Eurostar. The Russian girl who checked us in was helpful but more interested in her TV show. The room and bedding was clean. The bathroom was as described with water everywhere, just be sure to brush your teeth before your shower. :) Overall, it is a no frills hotel but they aren't misrepresenting themselves. We only spent one night here and would recommend it only as a one night stop unless you plan on being gone from the room ALL day.	
Apr 7 2009 	Great location - budget hotel - clean room	Having read mixed reviews, I entered the hotel with some trepidation.Having only paid £45 for the night, I wasn't expecting much. The room was very small, but the bed was comfortable. There was also an en-suite 'wet-room' (which I wasn't expecting as I hadn't paid any extra), also small, but had everything I needed (no hospitality tray, but there is a Burger King on the same street).The hotel itself is about 4 minutes from Kings Cross and the I found the surrounding area surprisingly quiet. Any noise problem came from within the hotel (guests knocking on doors and you could hear people in the room above), but I managed to get a good night's sleep.Excellent value for money, clean and tidy.	
Apr 5 2009 	Really bad hotel experience	Not a good hotel experience at all at the Wardonia. I stayed there for three nights and it was a hotel experience that I wish to forget as soon as possible. I’ve stayed in 100´s of hotels and while this one may not have been the worst, certainly it belongs among the five worst. Really, the only redeeming quality about the Wardonia is it’s location in the lively King’s Cross area, which is not nearly enough.You can really tell the bottom of the barrel establishments such as the Wardonia from the more respectable hotels by the attitude of the staff and management towards the guests. The girls at the reception, who were Russian, were helpful enough. The real problem with the place seems to be with the people who run the place, who I think are Irish. The first shock was the smallness of the room. The room was en suite but you could not open the door to the bathroom properly because the bed was in the way. It was just plain cramped, like living in a closet.The second shock was the bathroom itself which was just tiny and when you took a shower the entire bathroom floor would within minutes become flooded because there was no partition separating the shower area from the rest of the bathroom. It also became quite comical that when I stepped in certain parts of the bathroom floor, simultaneously in other parts water would actually squirt up from the space in between the tiles in the floor, since the adhesive had worn off. The floor needed to be repaired, lol.The hotel was also very noisy. If you stay there, (which I hope you have the good sense not to) you’d better pray that the people in the neighbouring rooms choose to sleep at night, because every activity in one room can be heard by the neighbours because of the thin walls. One day I requested a new soap from the person at the reception (one of the people in management, I think) because the one in my room didn’t look fresh (something that I didn’t say to him). &quot;But you already have a soap, sir.&quot; He responded, and he proceeded to start an argument over a 3 by 5 centimetre bar of soap. Obviously the old adage: &quot;the customer is always right,&quot; meant nothing to him. Eventually, he gave me a new bar of soap and then he came with me into the room, took the old bar of soap from the bathroom and then he stuck it under my nose and said: &quot;this bar has definitely not been used.&quot; I would, needless to say, not recommend the Wardonia to any fellow travellers.	
Apr 2 2009 	Good for the night	Okay this is the smallest room I've ever been in and the bathroom is the shower as well. Okay so it's small but it's cheap and close to the Eurostar so I would stay there again no problem..	
Feb 12 2009 	Always clean and safe	I stay at the Wardonia several times a week while working in London. Have done so for 4 months now. It's convenient for my office, but that is not the only reason for returning again and again. I have stayed in many different rooms there. All have been clean, warm enough, and with a comfortable bed. As I'm on my own and travel light the lack of space is not a problem - feeling comfortable and safe is the priority. Reception is manned by a rota of 4 or 5 friendly staff. A really good value for money, no frills hotel.	
Feb 9 2009 	great location; room so-so	convenience was the sole reason why i chose this hotel. the room was really tiny and the bed was not comfortable and it was questionable as to whether the sheets were even clean - but i didn't expect much as it was only GBP40/night. i must say, the location was great as i had to take 550am eurostar and i wouldn't know how to get the king's cross otherwise.	
Jan 28 2009 	Small but clean and perfectly located	The hotel is perfectly located, a few minutes walking from the Eurostar station and in walking distance from downtown, St. Paul's and the Camden market. Facilities (shower/toilet) were basic, but clean and working well. The rooms are extremely small. No breakfast is available (not a real problem, because there is ample choice nearby). The main problem we had is that the twin bed was far too small. We changed to a room with double beds, then we had a good stay.	
Jan 25 2009 	Don't expect cleanliness here	Aside from being impossibly small (which was expected), the level of cleanliness was far from acceptable. Sheets were covered in hair, as was the mattress when sheet was stripped. New sheets were supplied, but these were stained yellow and had holes. Staff apathetic. Was itchy in the bed, but no sign of bed bugs....Size of bed was not a double. King single at most. My boyfriend's head hit the bed head, and his feet rested squarely on the wall at the foot of the bed. If you are over 6 feet tall, do not stay here - you will not fit!Reception changed 3 times in 2 hours - not sure how they can guarantee security of your belongings when this is their procedure. Needless to say, booked another hotel close by ASAP. Luckily, a good location.	
Jan 23 2009 	Clean basic budget hotel near King's Cross	We stayed for a weekend, and got a good deal through hotels.com @ £25 per person per night - and for that price you can't really expect much in central London. The Wardonia is a stone's throw from King's Cross station, down a quiet street - felt quite safe walking around at night despite King's Cross sometimes dodgy reputation. But for a budget hotel this has got to be one of the best in terms of value for money, getting a clean room with nice clean bed and bedsheets etc.The rooms are small - hence you get what you pay for but for the convient location and if you're on a budget then definitely check this place out. Only thing I would be wary of is, don't accept a basement room - we stayed in room 003 - there was a funky smell in the corridor (kinda like damp) but thankfully it didnt waft into our room. Plus you can hear people above you / doors opening etc. so take note if you're a light sleeper! Bathroom = a wetroom ie. shower ,toilet all in one.. kinda where you might wana take flip flops. Not really sure if there were facilities for breakfast/meals though there is a pub right on the corner and good ol Maccy D's and burger king..and the rest of the fast food/restaurants King's Cross has to offer..All in all, recpetion staff we friendly enough, and I'd say you can't really expect much more if you're on a budget and only staying for a few days, or don't plan on spending much time in your room as a place to dump your stuff! Expect good basic accomodation - no frills!	
Jan 8 2009 	Basic No-Frills Digs	I had an idea of what to expect from the Wardonia before booking it: a modest form of accommodations with few extras in the city center and for a relatively affordable price. Little did I realize that my room would be even more bare bones than I could have imagined.I already expected a desk and a chair to be absent. I also knew there would be no barrier separating the shower stall from the rest of the bathroom. (There was, however, an annoying squealing sound coming from the bathroom, the source of which I couldn't pinpoint, right after I used it. I reported this to one of the clerks on duty, but it didn't appear that anything was done about it.) But I didn't expect there to be no phone in the room (in case I had to contact the front desk). There was also no shampoo in the bathroom (just two bars of soap) and no kettle for boiling water. (The clerk was, however, nice enough to boil it for me with her own kettle.)There was a TV, which was about the only &quot;luxury&quot; in the room. Heat was provided 24 hours a day, which was just as well, since London had been gripped by sub-zero temperatures during my stay there. My bed was good for one person with a nice, big blanket. The room and bathroom were clean, as other guests have commented.The Wardonia is fine for any traveler who plans to spend only one night there and before hopping on a train at nearby King's Cross, St. Pancras, or Euston stations the next day. It is a little less adequate for travelers who plan to stay longer, as I did. The hotel is located on a quiet street that is lined with small hotels, and some of the other hotels provide a complimentary breakfast. I thought I would simply have breakfast at any of the restaurants located on Euston Rd., the main thoroughfare in the neighborhood, but they all served the same greasy slop that one would grow sick of after two tries, and usually at inflated prices.	
Jan 5 2009 	Good for the price and location	We booked the Wardonia as somewhere cheap to stop for New Years Eve. It only cost £60 which is good for London, especially consdering how close it was to Kings Cross Station.As stated in other reviews the rooms are small so probably only suitable it you haven't got much luggage or only staying for a couple of nights. The rooms were clean. There were a couple of bad points which means I would be reluctant to go back there again. Firstly everytime you left the hotel you had to leave the key for your room. When you go back all you have to say is your room number and you are given the key. Therefore anyone could go into your room, so not vey safe at all.Although the hotel is only a few minutes walk away from Kings Cross the street it is on is very quiet and there are some dodgy characters around. It did not feel very safe.Overall rooms are adaquete and clean. However not a very secure hotel and not a great area.	
Dec 13 2008 	OK! :)	new, nice and clean. both room and bathroom seemed recently renewed, so they looked very good and everything was clean, very clean. shower was great, but no space to put anything else than the toothbrush in the bathroom. the room was also small, and the bed, but comfortable. no wardrobe, just a hanger and a very small shelf. which is OK if you go for 1 night or 2.super clean! thats the most imporatnt for me to be comfortable.	
Dec 11 2008 	Keep Looking	This hotel is about a 5 min walk from Kings X, but it's not a nice neighborhood &amp; as a single woman I felt a bit worried.The room was only as big as a single bed. My big issue was my room was in the basement and through a maize to get there! I wondered what would possibly happen if there was a fire.... didn't feel safe.The bed was comfortable &amp; the room was dark. I paid 50pounds a night.I will not stay here again.	
Dec 6 2008 	Good value for a comfortable room	We stayed at the Wardonia for 4 nights, and it was definitely a positive experience overall. The location was very convenient: with King's Cross/St. Pancras station only a few blocks away, getting anywhere in London by tube or to Paris by train was simple. The room was small but clean and comfortable. Our only complaints would be that it was too warm at night, and our neighbours made a lot of noise when they came in from the clubs at 3 am. But overall it was a positive experience, and certainly good value for the money.	
Dec 5 2008 	Tiny Clean good enough	The rooms and bathroom are very small, the stairs and halllway are narrow, but they keep everything clean. When I say its small, I mean your bed is four steps from the door and takes up most of the room (single bed), however twin and double rooms are larger. For the price and location its a decent deal, we stayed for four days and had no complaints, I wouldn't mind staying there again. Btw they have a luggage room but its not locked.	
Nov 19 2008 	very small but spotlessly clean rooms	Cheap price, great location, friendly staff, but very small rooms. No coffee facilities in the room not even a glass to drink your own drinks with. The rooms are basic but not finished off very well, however spotlessly clean, showers hot and lots of power. Bed comfortable, staff friendly and helpful. No breakfast facilities. I would use this hotel again if i could not get in at the other hotel i stayed in during november 2008. as this much better for a fiver more. and i got breakfast	
Nov 2 2008 	Great value great location	We stayed here for 4 nights during our yearly stay in London. We're independent, 'free' travellers who most of the time use hostels, all we need is a comfortable bed, clean sheets and a decent bathroom.And that's what Wardonia hotel is offering, and how! We payed 32 GBP per person per night (you will pay the same price in the youthhostels of London with no comfort at all) and what we got was a small (check the website) but incredibly clean an tidy room, with great beds. Cleaned every day (fresh towels). The bathroom is designed in the 'italian way', meaning that there is no seperate shower cabin, but a hole in the floor to let the water go. Of course there's a shower curtain and (which is the most important), the shower is really good. The location, near the station is brilliant, but you here almost nothing in the streets. Slept as a rose.The room even has a TV (very rare for our way of travelling) with digital channels, so we could watch 'Top gear' all evening long!I really appreciated their website where they are really honest about the kind of hotel they are running: small but clean and comfortable rooms without breakfast. So, if you're looking for a comfortable stay, for a low price on a top location in London, I wouldn't hesitate.	
Oct 24 2008 	A bed 4 walls 	My boyfriend and I needed a place to stay for the two days we were in London. London is an expensive place, so we just wanted a cheap place to stay, but nothing gross &amp; dingy. And that's what we found at the Wardonia Hotel!THE HOTEL:The staff wasn't anything particularly &quot;awesome&quot; or &quot;wow&quot;ish, but they seemed pleasant enough.We never really heard our next door neighbors, but we did hear people walking around in the room above us. Nothing bad, at all.There is not an elevator at this hotel, that we know of.(-)There is no breakfast available, but there is a small convenient store/post office about a block from the hotel, where we bought fruit and croissants.LOCATION:The hotel is a stone's throw from King's Cross/St. Pancras Station. This means it is very close to the underground and train station where the chunnel arrives/departs . I was told that this area isn't the best neighborhood, but I never really felt threatened or uneasy.The hotel is not &quot;centrally located,&quot; but I felt it was near enough to everything we needed to see. Getting to Kensington did take a little while, though.THE ROOM:We were given a small room with a double bed, two towels, and a small TV. The room had a very small bathroom: toilet, sink, shower. We had a very nice, tall, screen-less window, which offered a nice breese when opened. This room might get very hot in the summer, but we were there in September, so it was just fine!There was *just* enough room for the two of us and our two suitcases. This was all we needed, because we were out seeing sights all day, so we were only in our room sleeping at night.In conclusion: This hotel is cheap, clean, small room, but nearby train/underground stations.	
Oct 20 2008 	a good one	we have stayed at the wardonia 3 times over the last year and each time and rooms have been clean and simple. The shower is good and as previous reviews state the rooms are small but comfortable. Would stay there again as you can't beat the location and clean rooms.	
Oct 5 2008	Small Rooms - Good Hotel	I stayed at the Wardonia as its very close to St. Pancras station. There are a lot of substandard hotels I think, but the Wardonia certainly is not.The rooms are very small, but the hotels website shows you exactly what dimensions your room and indeed you bed and bathroom are going to be so nobody should complain about the size.Its clean and in a good location and thats all you really need. Very easy access to anywhere in Greater London due to its proximity to Kings Cross and St. Pancras stations.Its also a lot cheaper than many alternatives for such a central location.	
Sep 17 2008 	NOT a good hotel	I didn't expect much, as I only paid £80. I didn't expect anything other than a small room with no frills. But this is NOT a good hotel.The room was dirty, as were the sheets, as were the towels, and it's TINY. The bathroom was a wet room that didn't drain properly.On the plus side, the location for Eurostar is great, but I would pick a different hotel on this street.	
Aug 27 2008 	Very practical and good value	Since the Regent Palace closed, I have been looking for a centrally located, inexpensive hotel to park myself during my annual visit to London. The Wardonia is literally one block away from the Kings Cross St Pancras station and ideal for hopping onto the Eurostar or the underground. The rooms are very clean. The building itself is old but adequately maintained. There is no air conditioning but good heating. If you have never stayed in Europe, be forewarned that the rooms are tiny! If you have anything larger than a duffel bag or a carry-on rolling luggage you will not be able to keep it lying open in the room because there is not enough space. My friend and I had two rolling carry-on suitcases and we had to keep them closed except to take stuff out of them. This hotel is simply a place to sleep and shower and is ideal if you do not plan to spend a lot of time in your hotel room. If you plan to do lot of shopping or stay in London for a long period of time you may want to consider a larger hotel.	
Aug 19 2008 	Teeny Tiny but clean and functional	I booked our stay at the Wardonia through Venere.com and searched sites until I found a code for a 4% discount. Our rate was 60 GBP a night before the discount. The room was....small. Very small. There was room for the double bed, the TV, the tiny nightstand, our suitcase (squished a bit) and that's it. The bathroom had room for the toilet, sink, and shower...though the shower area was very small (and since there is no difference between the shower floor and the rest of the bathroom floor, everything gets wet anyway. The windows open, but had no screens, so we had a few flies join us every night. We were on the 4th floor, which was a fun hike every night...particularly when carrying luggage. But...the room was clean. Our bed was made daily (though the sheets weren't changed), and we had fresh folded towels every day. There was no phone in the room, but I was able to &quot;borrow&quot; a wireless internet signal by putting my ipod right up against the window...which was good enough to check my email. The bed wasn't the MOST comfortable I ever slept in, but it was good enough for 5 nights. Overall, it was a clean room, but certainly not luxiorious. We found the Kings Cross area to be a great location...not nearly as &quot;dodgy&quot; as others had described. It was very conveniently located, as it is on so many of the Underground's lines.	
Aug 5 2008 	Not the best	The best thing about the Wardonia is that it is only 200m from Kings Cross tube station. The rooms are very small, do not have telephones, there is no lift only narrow staircases, the staff is ok but not as helpful as they should be. One night we had no water but we were still charged the full amount for the room! I was happy to leave. This hotel is over priced!!	
Aug 1 2008 	Tiny but central and cheap!	We wanted:-a cheap clean single room with en-suite bathroom-central location to tubes, without noisy surroundings, in a safe areaWe got:-a cheap clean single room with en-suite bathroom-central location to tubes, without noisy surroundings, in a safe area-friendly staff-maid every day(only a clean towel the days we slept long:-)We just wanted a place to sleep, close to a central tube-station, and we got it.Yes, it's tiny, and yes, it's no breakfast. But it's what we knew when we booked! London is expensive, and most budget hotels is worse than this, I think.I'll go back later for only 40£ per night for a single room (and private tiny bathroom) that we paid! But next time I will use a smaller suitcase:-)	
Jul 18 2008 	just what we expected	good location, near St. Pancras/Kings Cross train stations. Just what we expected: a no frills room. Clean, small, good for the one night we stayed. Web site accurately depicts hotel/rooms. Would advise for a budget hotel for one to two persons. Would be tough with lots of luggage or if traveling with small children, as it is quite small with no elevator.	
Jul 14 2008	Small very small	given the amount we paid (80 pounds per night), i know i shouldn't be expecting much... however, i was a bit disappointed with the hotel.the room was TINY. we had a triple room with private bathroom. we barely had enough room to fit in our luggages. no A/C in the room, which was okay because it was quite cool when we stayed there (but it might be a problem in the summer). no lift so we had to carry our luggages 3 flights of stairs. there was no closet in the room so we had nowhere to hang our clothes. the bathroom was a nightmare! it was small. the worst was there was NOTHING to divide the shower and the rest of the bathroom. so after shower, the entire floor was wet. there was no shelf, no hook, NOTHING, to hang our towels and clothes, which was extremely inconvenient. afterall, the location was convenient - only a 4 min walk to King Cross station.	
Jun 20 2008 	Nice for a cheap weekend break near attractions	We booked this based on reviews from TripAdvisor and were pleased we did. It is more of a glorified youth hostel, in that it doesn't offer breakfast, nor does it have tea &amp; coffee facilities in the room. However, we had a comfy double bed in a triple room (the other bed made a good storage space), and the shower was good, although of course the water dribbled out near the toilet.One thing that other hotels should note: this place had the full Freeview channels, the ones you get on your digibox at home in the UK- so many hotels haven't caught up on this yet.As promised by reviews, the staff were very friendly and helpful, the room was clean, and the location was extremely convenient for many things. They have a luggage storage room which was helpful for our last day as we still had time to do stuff. However, the security didn't seem very London-ready- you just put your stuff in the room and it's not locked.It doesn't say so on their website, but they do offer irons and hairdryers to those who need them. Their website is otherwise great, as it tells you very explicitly what the rooms are like.	
Jun 15 2008 	Excellent value	I stayed 5 nights in June of this yer and found the room to be excellent for the money. The room is small, and so is the bathroom. But the room was always cleaned and fresh towel each day. The location to Kings Cross and the underground was great.The staff were very friendly and helpful. The only thing wrong was the lady who took over from the day male desk clerk could have smiled more, she seemed not to be friendly or cared.I would recommend this hotel.	
Jun 11 2008 	Small but clean	We stayed here for 4 nights, mainly because the hotel is cheap and close to St. Pancras. The rooms are indeed very small, but clean. Don't expect anything fancy: everything is adequate but there's no attention to detail whatsoever (the view from our window was a brick wall, for example). A good choice if you're on a tight budget - I guess it's good value for London. Otherwise not very impressive.	
Jun 8 2008 	Bleh	I understand that this is a very cheap hotel for London standards, but the room was way too small ( I could hardly fit my luggage in and myself), and the bathroom of course, was tiny. There was no phone, no closet, and one day the housemaid left the window open and when I got back I found two pigeons on my bed (I m pigeon-phobic). There is no elevator as well, so I would reccomend this hotel for very short stays and therefore, light luggage.On the good side it is very close to KIngs Cross.	
Jun 4 2008 	Excellent Value for Money	This hotel has everything you could want at a budget price . It's easy to find ( dirrectly opposite St Pancrass st clock tower ) . Clean , comfortalbe , convienient andf cheap . The rooms are small and bathroomstiny ( take a pair of beach flip-flops the floor can be slippery . The staff are helpful and the rooms are spot;ess and fresh towels every day . It has a luggage room when you check out . I would suggest if you are disbaled then try to get ground floor rooms as there is no lift . All in all a real find .	
May 30 2008 	Cheap and generally cheerful !	When you get to Kings Cross, tired and carting your luggage, and can just stroll over the road to this tidy hotel, you know why its a good bargain. When I checked in and went to the room it had not been cleaned, despite this being 5:10 p.m., staff very apologetic and I sat in the lobby area for an hour while they sorted this out. They were very nice, although the offer of a cup of tea or a glass of water on a hot day would have made a difference. The room ( single ) was adequate and I think the tiny ensuite is excellent. The street outside is quiet considering where it is in relation to main roads etc. The bed overlooked the street so to have privacy it did mean drawing the curtains. The one thing I would like to see is a lamp as the overhead light is harsh, also an extra socket to charge phone/laptop. I liked the fact you can leave your luggage but be aware that the luggage room is unlocked. Staff were very kind and approachable. £49 is a bargain if you just want a place to sleep. Nearby in Caledonian Road: fantastic Ethiopian restaurant called Addis. Post Office opposite Kings Cross has a little tea bar where you can get a HUGE cuppa ( even had Earl Gray ) for 80p.	
May 27 2008 	Exactly what the website says	My husband and I stayed at Wardonia for one night. The location is perfect if you need to stay near the St. Pancras International Train Station. The room was small and basic but it was clean with an ensuite bathroom and that's all we needed. We got exactly what we were expecting based on the information on the hotel's website.	
May 23 2008 	Great value and location! Grade A	Yes, as others have said, the rooms are tiny but no tinier than other single rooms in London I have stayed in (and the room dimensions are shown on the website!) For a hotel so close to such a huge train station as Kings Cross/St. Pancras, (with connections to almost all of the Tube lines, and airports) the street the hotel is on is remarkably quiet, and my room did face the street. The hotel has all the necessities (plenty of hot water, satellite TV, pleasant staff) and the room is kept sparkling clean (a non-smoking property as well!). At this price I have never stayed in a place with such good value in London. Thank you, Wardonia. 4 1/2 stars (no elevator, but not your fault!)	
May 22 2008 	stunning	my girlfriend and i stayed there 5 night in march.we are completely satisfied.the rooms are small, but that wasnt a problem for us.also hotel is near to st pancras underground and train station so we easily reach the downtown.the staff are also pleasant.	
May 19 2008 	Ideal	My partner and I and a friend stayed at the Wardonia for one night in May 2008. It was ideal. We arrived around 4pm on Saturday which means you can park for free directly outside the hotel. Although it is in the congestion charge area, that is only during the week, so there were no issues. It is around 25 minutes walk to Oxford Street with plenty of shops within 10 minutes... and of course, Kings Cross, St Pancras and Euston within 5 minutes.Check in was smooth. We had rooms in the basement, which were a little musty smelling, but a window open for an hour while we were out got rid of that. Both rooms we had were bigger than those advertised on their website. Yes, they are basic but very clean and cheap (two rooms were £130 - £43ish each) which was significantly cheaper than two rooms elsewhere. Will definitely go again.. would be a good place to stop over for an early journey on Eurostar.	
May 18 2008 	Nothing fancy but a good value for London	I stayed here for two nights. This is a budget hotel, the rooms are small. I stayed in a single room, it was clean and quiet. The hotel is conveniently located near St. Pancras and King's Cross Tube Stations. The hotel staff was nice.	
May 17 2008 	Affordable hotel in a great location	The rooms are extremely small as other reviewers have said. Claustrophobes should stay clear of this place. But spotless bathrooms, clean linens, a comfortable bed, and a working TV at an affordable rate were all we needed to enjoy our stay in London. Hot water was plentiful even for back-to-back showers. There is a laundromat around the corner on Cromer St. That came in handy since we like to travel light. Several restaurants and markets are nearby. The St Pancras station is a five minute walk, which is convenient to the Eurostar.	
May 15 2008 	Small but clean and good located	As I read on other comments the hotel has really tiny rooms and bathrooms, but it hasn't been a problem once get used to it and our room was very clean and well kept.There was no elevator and the stair were really small.The hotel is located in a quiet neighbourhood and very close to King's Cross station.We were two friends and we had a good stay. Probably we'll stay at Wardonia again in future.	
Apr 20 2008 	Small clean cheap convenient	The Hotel is a very short walk from Kings Cross station. It is easy to find and well situated away from the majority of traffic noises. Which for London is impressive.The rooms are very small and basic. However they are spotlessly clean. Which if all you want is a place to lay your head for the night is all you really need.	
Apr 12 2008 	Great Location-Good Price..for London :)	Stayed at the Wardonia hotel for a few days in late March. The reviews were dead on-tiny rooms, but clean and the staff loveable! Would suggest asking for a room not directly above reception though...was a bit noisy...The kings cross underground station is VERY close (which is GREAT!), as are all the amenities you would need (ie: there is a corner store down the block that sells lovely bottles of cheap(ish) wine, and the staff will give you a couple of plastic cups at the hotel if you ask).	
Mar 27 2008 	Basic but clean and comfy	The Wardonia was a very clean and comfortable hotel in this price range. The room was quite small but that was to be expected. On the plus side, the bathroom was light , modern and clean.The location is good, very close to the tube station. The staff was helpful and friendly enough, but not overflowing with hospitality. Basic accomodation for good value. A pleasant stay.	
Mar 11 2008 	Small room and very cheap	Nice hotel. If you don't want to pay for facilities you will not use it is a great place. It was what we needed: a cheap hotel with a private bathroom. The room and the bathroom are tiny, but it is enough if you just want the room to sleep in it.	
Feb 25 2008 	Great for the price!! This the best you get for that little money!!	This hotel is definately worth its cheap price. It is central (easy access all around London), clean, calm and enjoyable. It is simple and cosy. LOCATION: It is only 2minutes walk from Charing Cross Tube station. At the station there are supermarkets, burger king etc. And Access to MANY different London Underground lines.There is are also various number of buses passing the station, so you can get back to the hotel 24/7!!The area is nice in my opinion. I did not feel as unsafe as in loads of other places in London. If you travel alone, then the street might seem a little empty at night to walk alone back to the hotel.In case you are flying to LUTON AIRPORT, this is the perfect spot for you. Next to that tube station there is a railway station called Pancrass and train takes you from there to the airport of Luton. The entire journey from the hotel to the airport takes you max. 1hour! So its closer than Heathrow then in time =) The trains go min. every 15minutes and it takes 45mins to get to the airport. Very comfy and costs £21,80 return.I am happy to recomment this hotel to anyone who doesnt want to pay a fortune for the hotel, but still wants to be centrally located and in a safe and clean environment!Hope you enjoy your stay in London!ROOMS: We had a double ensuite. It was just like they say it is on their webpage. Small! Hardly any space to keep our luggage. But not too small to stay the night at. We are big people (my girlfriend and me are both tall, me being 195cm tall), but we managed to sleep in that bed. Im not saying that it was overly comfy, because of the size of it, but good enough to sleep. Neither of us fell off the bed =)The bed was really new and soft! Above all the room was really clean and they cleaned it every day very nicely and provided new towels also!There was no hairdryer in the room, but you can get one from the reception and keep it in your room for your entire stay!The shower/toilet was spacious enought to shower comfortably and the water was (believe it or not) HOT and came with some power!! This has never happened to me in London before and I have stayed in a hotel there for five times before this. STAFF:The receptionist (met 3 of them in total) was treating us kindly, not overly service-like, but nicely and affectivly! The reception is open 24/7, so there was always someone to let us in and handing us our room key, so we didnt need to carry it with us in hectic London!!	
Jan 13 2008 	Excellent!	I'd heard great things about this hotel so I thought I'd check it out for myself. My friend and I were spending the weekend in London and Kings Cross is a great central location for us. Great for arriving at London Paddington (various tubes accessible) and departing to Heathrow (direct on Piccadilly line).The outside appearance of the hotel is nice and welcoming. It is quaint, with a small reception area and 24 hour reception. There are no elevators and only narrow stairs in this 3 level building, but that was not an issue for us. The rooms are very small but that was also not an issue for us as we were only sleeping there and didn't require space. The room was impeccably clean, the bed was fantastically comfortable and the shower had lots of pressure and made you not want to get out. We didn't hear any noise during our stay and we were in and out at various times of the day and arriving back late evening/early morning. The only downfall is the shower shares the same floor as the small bathroom so once you have a shower it is tough to get dressed because the floor is soaked, but it is doable. For the cheap price of 55GBP per night for a double bed (no breakfast) it was an amazing deal for London. I will definitely stay again and highly recommend it.	
Jan 12 2008 	Nice place so cheap for what you get.	Polite, efficient staff.Nice clean and comfortable room. Very central location, close to eurostar.Good price.	
Jan 9 2008 	Great Location Excellent Facilities Competitive Price and Nice Staff!	After having read some of the recent reviews, I almost wonder whether I stayed in the same hotel.I found the staff efficient and polite throughout. The place was spotless. The mattress was really comfortable.The sheets and towels were very well laundered. The multi channel tv worked and the shower and toilet looked brand new, with great water pressure. The location was excellent.What more, could you want ? It is true to say the rooms are compact. They are well designed though and their form follows function. You do not get a suite, bell boys, glass elevators or room service at this hotel. You do not get a restaurant, business centre, swimming pool etc. Which suited me fine as they wernt charging for any of these either. If I was to compare it to a £300+ a night room Boutique Kensington Hotel, it would come off very badly, being substantially smaller and without the luxuries of room service, mini bars, plasma screens etc but then at a 1/6th of the price, one must make concessions. All in all I would stay there again happily, when my budget dictates. At this price level, clean, safe and functional is all one can expect and it satisfies these criteria and exceeds in some respects.	
Jan 3 2008 	Simple and affordable	Stayed in this hotel for two nights, single room. The room has everything they say it does - a bed, a television, and an ensuite wet room. It doesn't have room for anything else. The space between the bed and the far wall is only big enough for the wetroom door to open. I needed to block the doorway in order to have enough room to open my bag. The hallways are very narrow and the stairs (no lift) rather steep and awkward. If you don't have a lot of luggage and you just need a simple place to rest, there is not much to fault at this hotel.	
Dec 27 2007	Steer clear	Didn't actually stay there but went through a hell of trouble when trying to book the room and then cancel it because of some dreadful reviews of it I found on the internet. Finally, when I called to cancel my room a week in advance, was asked why I wanted to cancel it and was told never to call them again in a rude manner. Very nice! Glad I cancelled.	
Dec 19 2007 	Claustrophobic!	We choose this hotel for its proximity to St.Pancras mainline station, which was indeed absolutely excellent only 2 mins walk.However, when people say this room is small... they mean SMALL! I couldnt believe it, the room was so depressing too, the receptionist seemed annoyed that she had customers, i was seriously annoyed that i had to struggle with a heavy case through narrow corridors and steep stairwells.the bed was nearly the entirety of the room and even it wasnt big enough, for a single person it would be fine but for a 'double'...! you are having a laugh! we both teatered on the edge of the bed, ridiculous. there is a tv and a bedside table. the ensuite is very cramped, not only is it tiny but the door is spring loaded so you have to get hit by the door just to sit on the loo, when you sit on the loo you can rest on the sink!! the shower (particularly stupid) is on the same level as the rest of the bathroom so if you have a shower the whole bathroom gets wet... very safe...For the price of £65 for one night i would have rather stayed anywhere else but if you need St.pancras thats where the hotel excells, if you dont need the station - get a travel lodge!	
Dec 19 2007 	Budget Hotel	The Wardonia Hotel is a clean and friendly budget hotel. If you are looking for a cheap hotel in London and want it to be ok, menaing clean and en-suite, choose the Wardonia.The rooms are very small, there are no closets and you cannot fit more then 1 bag in it. The double bed was small, the tv was small and far away. The bathroom was very small with no space to put you toothbrush or shower gel. There is no break in the floor for the shower, no carpet to put your feet and no towel rack. The bathroom floor will be very wet after you shower, so flip a coin to decide who is going to shower first.The staff were very friendly.There is no lift, so do not bring many bags ... not many space up the stairs either.However, the hotel is better than any of the others around as budget hotels, meaning less than 80 GBP a night.	
Nov 27 2007 	Strongly recommend - clean and quiet	I have very good feelings about this hotel. It's important to read on their website, what you shall expect. It's a low budget hotel, so the expectaions shall be reasonalbe. What I found very important is that it is clean, also bathrooms are very well maintained. (Also it's great that each room has its own bathroom). A very big advantage is location - hotel is 1 minute walk from King's Cross underground station. Although it's a busy place, the street with hotel is quiet and safe. I'm a young girl and safety was important for me - I felt really comfortable walking in the late evening back to hotel. Also staff in reception is very friendly and I felt as a welcomed guess. If I shall think of disadvantages, maybe narrow corridors, stairs and very tiny rooms. My room was actually just a bed and space to walk in to bed ;) So if it is just to spend night, then it's ok, otherwise, could be claustrophobic. But there is TV, which can distract you from thinking how tiny it is ;) One more minus is that walls and ceiling are very thin - so you feel having a group of elephants above you, and I was awoken during night by neighbours who were moving out. But in general I recommend and I think I will sleep there next time I'm in London.	
Nov 24 2007 	Great budget hotel	Me and my boyfriend stayed in this hotel when we went down to London to see a gig.The hotel is very close to St. Pancras train station and King's Cross tube station which was excellent for us.The rooms weren't massive, but they were comfy and clean and had everything you need for a simple overnight stay.The staff were friendly and welcoming and the front desk was manned 24 hours.I would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a simple, cheap and comfortable stay in London.	
Nov 6 2007 	Great Location	Great location, located right near tube station. Very clean room. No lift so had to carry 2 suitcases up stairs but for price can't really complain. Pub around the corner has nice meals and is a friendly place to go for a drink.	
Nov 2 2007 	great value	First of all, do visit Wardonia's website, that should tell you exactly what you can espect of your rooms. The hotel is impeccably clean, the rooms and corridors have been recently refurbished, so there is none of that tiredness you see in the other hotels/b&amp;b's in Argyle Street. As I said, the rooms are VERY tiny, although I was extremely fortunate to get a double room for the price of a single. The beds are very comfy, brand new mattresses and there was room for my luggage under the bed. Nice, clean blue carpet, large mirror, although my being only 5'3&quot; tall I could only see myself from my neck upwards. Toilet&amp;shower, again, VERY tiny, as some of the other guests have said, you can use the sink while doing your business. Wonderful shower, I should say better than many people have at home, always hot water available. Every day new towels, two for me as I was in a double room. Tv signal very good but unfortunately no ITV or Ch4. Spent my evenings watching snooker on BBC (who would have wanted to see the rugby final anyway?).Locked luggage room very handy for late departures or early arrivals, always someone at reception, very pleasant staff. My room was up only one flight of stairs. The stairs and corridors are very narrow, only room for one at a time although the stairs are not so crooked and high as in the other hotels in the neighbourhood.No breakfast, this is very clearly stated in the website. Plenty of cafes and takeaways around, though. The location honestly couldn't be better, I have stayed many years in the Kings Cross area (well, actually in Argyle St every time), and there are six tube lines and countless buslines in about two minutes' walk away. The street is unexpectedly quiet for such a location, especially considering that the local pub, McGlynn's (quite lively with the natives) is literally 10 meters away round the corner.Most of the other people were staying in this hotel only for one or two nights, so I expect they didn't really mind the size of the rooms. I stayed for 4 nights and didn't want to leave, I felt so comfortable.Hotel Wardonia is such brilliant value that I am booking my next stay there as soon as I know when my spring brake is and bringing Mom and Sis as well. Cheers, Minni	
Oct 23 2007 	The Wardonia opens up a new world for frequent visits to London...	This place was great, a gem in the heart of London if all you want is a place to sleep at night. I loved the fact I knew exactly what I was getting due to the honest descriptions and although there is no food available there are plenty of places nearby that are open early for a variety of choice for breakfast. The location was excellant and in a very quiet well lit street where I felt very safe walking back at night. The room was very clean... no need for flip flops in the (powerful) shower here! My room was bigger than expected and the bed was extremely comfy. I just took a heating element and mug for a morning brew, borrowed a hairdrier from reception, asked for an extra towel and had a great stay... The only downside for some may be the lack of a lift and narrow staircases but apart from that this budget hotel is fab!	
Oct 11 2007 	ok	we just returned from a 6 night stay at the Wardonia and all we can say was that it was super noisy. There is a pub just down around the corner and also teenagers that hang around near the hotel all night till 3-4am 'every' night. When we checked out, there was another lady that wanted to check out early since it was also too noisy.However, the hotel is very clean. Our room was an ensuite and the all-in-one (with shower amonst the sink and toilet combo) worked well. The security also seemed to be ok as there were cameras in the lobby and stairwells. The hotel staff at night was more helpful than the morning one. Our original intention was that we only wanted a clean place to sleep after intense touring, but we realized that a noisy yet clean budget hotel doesn't necessarily do the trick. So if you're thinking about booking here, weigh whether noise makes a difference. If not, definately go for it!	
Sep 4 2007 	Great Value	I just returned from a trip to London, and I have stayed at the Wardonia Hotel for 3 nights. I am a single female traveler, and booked a single room for 40GBP a night. The location is execllent and very close to the tube. I had no trouble finding the place. The room is small, but the hotel put the dimension on their website, so I give them credit for it. [--]The bathroom is compact, but at least it was ensuite and very clean. If you don't try to do anything fancy in the bathroom (like trying to shave), and just take a shower you should be fine. Bring a pair of flip flop if you don't like standing in wet floor. For the amount that I paid, and the amount of time that I actually spent in the room, this is well worth it. There are restaurants in the area so breakfast shouldn't be a problem.A side notes regarding this area. It has definitely cleaned up, and I felt safe going back to the hotel at night. Also, the tube station is pretty easy to navigate around. Only one flight of stairs so that's a plus. Take the Piccadilly line from the airport. Once you get to the King's Cross station, use the Way Out that's leading to King's Cross, the railway station. Once you exit the gate for the tube, look for the exit for Euston Street (South). At the end of the tunnel way, take the right staircase and get on the street. You'll be on Euston Street, and the first block should be Argyle St. Make a left, and Wardonia hotel is at the end of the block.	
Aug 27 2007 	Tiny but Cheap!	After reading the positive reviews on TripAdvisor, my husband and I booked 4 nights at the Wardonia Hotel on Argyle street. Here are our thoughts:LOCATION: Great location! About a minute walk to the Kings Cross/St. Pancras station. [Also, just needed to hop on the Piccadilly line to take us straight to Heathrow airport.] We felt very safe walking around at night and there are some restaurants/grocery stores nearby. PRICE:We paid 60 GBP for 2 twins (a double was not available at the time) per night which we found decent.ROOM:Extremely tiny!!! [But apparently most budget London hotels are.] The pictures of the rooms on their website definitely look bigger/longer than the actual rooms so we were very surprised when we opened the door! The beds were clean and very comfortable. We barely had room for our luggage (1 piece each) which made it more awkward and tight in the room. There is a small TV in the room but no telephone/alarm clock/hair dryer. The washroom was a combo of shower/sink/toilet. Only a curtain separated the shower from the sink/toilet so the whole washroom floor got wet when you showered. SERVICE:Unfortunately, we were not happy with the service of this hotel. First, the evening reception was friendly enough but was not able to answer any of our simple 'tourist' questions: what to do/where to go/restaurants/subway etc. She seemed more clueless than we were! Second, the morning/afternoon receptionist we found unfriendly and a little rude. Further, we scheduled a 'wakeup call/knock' with her for 4:30am (we needed to get to the airport for 6:30am) and she assured us that someone would wake us up. However, when we followed up with the evening receptionist later on just to make sure, we learned that no message was left for her regarding any wakeup call. It would have been a disaster had we not double checked about our wakeup call!OVERALL:Despite the positives that we mentioned about this hotel (price, location...) we would definitely try somewhere else next time we stay in London.	
Aug 19 2007 	Great for Budget Traveler	I stayed at the Wardonia in July with my 8 year old son. Felt perfectly safe as a single woman with a child. As stated in plenty of reviews, the rooms are very, very small and the combination shower/bathroom can be a bit awkward with water all over the floor. However, it was clean and the closeness to the tube and rail stations could not be beat! I would stay there again in a heartbeat. Excellent value for the budget traveler.	
Aug 6 2007 	Perfect London Spot	We stayed in Wardonia hotel for 5 nights and I find it the perfect solution for a cheap but confortable stay in London.Wardonia is a newly rebuilt hotel just 5 minutes away from Kings Cross, St Pancras Station, right in the heart of London.We booked a double room, but it wasn't available, so they gave a twin room, but they arranged a double bed for us.The hotel is in Argyle street, a street full of hotels. The other hotels looked definately lower quality than the Wardonia.The room size is not too bad considering the average size of a London hotel room, expecially considering the price (55£ for a double, 60£ for a twin)The bed was very confortable and the linen spotless. The bathroom was tiny, but very clean. When we first arrived we could smell bleach, which in a way was reassuring.The shower fitted was a Grohe, very powerful and hot. The sink small. There was only space for one person at the time in the bathroom and the mirror steamed up after the shower, but there was another one in the room.There was a television as well with satellite channels.In this hotel don't do breakfast, but it was not a problem at all.The area and the station offer so many coffee places and supermarkets, that it didn't really create any problem to us.Apart from the tube / train station, the area is very well served by buses.I kwow that King's Cross used to be a rough area few years back, but I felt completely safe, even at night.The hotel had a luggage room well organised and safe.The only suggestion I would like to make to the hotel is to add a kettle to the room to make them even more confortable.I recommend this hotel to all those travelers with a low budget but still care about a central and clean enviroment.	
Jul 25 2007 	fantastic place	I needed somewhere to stay for one night only, wasn't bothered about amenities. Just wanted bed and en-suite. Well thats what you get here! And it is just what i needed. En-suite is a pod/capsular set up, shower, sink and toilet in one. Shower was brillant, even had a massage setting and a constant temperature setting. If you set the temp to high and don't switch the light on (it operates the fan) you can have a sauna! I used it to get the creases out of my clothes (only needed twenty minutes)as I had an interview the next day. I had a twin room (408) on the third floor, no lifts but that wasn't a problem. Bed as very soft, it suits me but quite narrow only 2'6&quot; wide. Might be a problem for those who want to stretch out. Only amenty in the room was the telly, 34 channels (freeview), a lot better than some hotels i've stayed in. If you are a person who just needs to bunk down for the night then this is the place for you, centrally located, opposite st pancras station and on top of 6 tube lines, what more could you ask for. Open and reception manned 24hrs and a secure luggage room.The hotel does not do food but you are surrounded by lots of cheap eating places so that shouldn't be a problem.	
Jul 12 2007 	Loved the Wardonia	My husband and I just returned from a trip to England and stayed at the Wardonia Hotel on Argyle Street in London. We chose this after favorable reviews on Trip Advisor and the room was exactly as stated - very small, good price, clean, with a comfortable bed and a one minute walk to the tube station at King's Cross/St. Pancras. Very helpful staff available 24 hrs. Would like to thank all the contributors to Trip Advisor who assisted us with our planning - wonderful trip!Mary D.	
Jun 19 2007 	Great for a weekend in London	I decided to book this hotel due to the good reviews read in this and other web sites. I also checked the web site of the hotel and everything seemed to be like described.Well, I have to say that the expected matched completely what I got there. The hotel is new, perfectly located near King's Cross/St Pancras , Euston and King's Cross Thameslink station (great if you are travelling to Luton). The rooms are clean and functional. They are small, but in the average of any London Hotel (you can get the exact size in sqr feet in the web site of the hotel). Perhaps the windows are not well isolated from light and a a lamp near the beds could be useful.The staff is friendly and the rate quality/price is perhaps the highest for a London hotel. What more to expect of a Central London Hotel for a weekend if you want it only to rest your tired bones after a busy day?	
Jun 16 2007 	Good value	Really good value for money and a great location for the tube and walking distance to Oxford Street shopping.I stayed two nights by myself and would recommend booking a twin bed/double room so you have more space and you get two towels - one of which you'll need to mop up the water from the shower! I would definitely stay again next time i'm in London	
Jun 10 2007 	So Funny Though Verrry Small	I've been there with my 9 years old daughter this week. I agree with previous reviews: great location, nice building, clean rooms. But rooms are very small and worst of all there is incredibly small bathroom. I tried to shave myself in the morning and it was like comitting especially sophisticated suicide. Still, I would recommended it to all poeple that ... do not have to shave in the morning ;-)Shortily, we have had a lot of fun in this hotel and we will take it into consideration in future trips as well.Wloczega from Warsaw	
Jun 4 2007 	Basic clean accomodations - good location	We stayed at the Wardonia for 4 nights at the end of May. It is in a great location just 2 blocks from the King's Cross station where you can get numerous underground lines to most places that you would want to go in London. It is located on a relatively quiet street so you could sleep with the windows open. However, the drapes don't cover the bottom of the window so we had to wear sleeping masks at night because it got light at 4:30 in the morning. The room is very small - could almost touch both walls if I stretched my arms out (and I am not tall). But, the bed was surprisingly comfortable and the room was clean. One thing that would be nice is if they provided a sheet in addition to just the comforter - it got a little too warm some nights. The bathroom is an &quot;all-in-one&quot; where there is not separation in the bathroom between the area where the sink and toilet are and where the shower is. We had never used an all in one before and were a little skeptical about it, but it was actually okay once we got used to it. Since the shower gets the bathroom steamy and you can't prop the bathroom door open, it would be nice to have a mirror on the outside of the room that's low enough for shorter people to use (there was one but it was mounted a little too high on the wall). In addition, one or two more wall mounted shelves to place small toiletries on would be great since you can't put much in the bathroom since it would get wet. One thing to note is that it would be difficult to get up the stairs with a large suitcase since the hotel has no elevator and the stairs are narrow and winding. They do have a luggage room (unlocked) if you need to leave your luggage there for the day. Staff were fine, but not overly friendly. The price was unbeatable at 50 pounds per night.. It's a good place for a short stay if you're going to be out all day. You would not want to stay in the room for long since there isn't even a chair there. But, there is a TV with a fair number of channels.	
May 31 2007 	Good No Frills Option	I came across The Wardonia by chance and didn't realised i've actually walked past the hotel a few times and said it looked a nice place to stay. You can see from the exterior that this is a very well maintained property.The rooms are as sold, very much a 'no frills' budget option. No tea/coffee tray, tiny rooms and no restaurant. For our purposes it was ideal as the room is just somewhere to shower, get ready for a night out and sleep. I don't always get up for breakfast so it was nice that i wasn't paying for it.We booked a twin and apart from being very small and offering no beverage tray our room was very pleasant. There's a little space for your bags at the end of the bed and a hanging rail under the tv shelf so fine for a short stay. The tv had freeview so it was nice to have a couple of music channels. The ensuite shower room was bright, clean and the shower excellent. Beds are very comfortable and the whole building was spotlessy clean and smart.The location is good, a short walk from St Pancras/Kings Cross, easy walking distance of Oxford St, Soho, etc. and good tube/bus links if you're travelling further a field.	
May 23 2007 	Great for small or single people	We live a couple of hours out of London so decided to stay at the Wardonia after seeing a gig in London mid-week.We appreciated the Wardonia's honesty about its no-frills approach. The staff are friendly and the hotel is portered 24 hours, so our late night out wasn't a problem. The rooms are very small, but they are clean and comfortable, and there is room to hang your clothes, stash your suitcase etc.The bathroom was great - the shower was one we'd expect from a much more expensive hotel.The street is quieter than your average London street, so you could probably even sleep with the window open on a hot London night.My only complaint was the size of the bed. The doubles aren't really doubles, more like large singles. My husband and I aren't fat by any means (!) but he's 6ft and quite broad-shouldered, so I spent most of the night hanging off my edge of the bed. Not the best night's sleep!So I would throughly recommend the Wardonia, but only if you're on your own, or if you're a couple of hobbits :o)	
May 16 2007 	Small but perfectly formed - Lovely hotel		
May 11 2007 	Great location and value		
May 6 2007 	Ideal Budget Hotel for Solo Traveller		
Apr 18 2007 	Good value basic property in central LLondon		
Apr 15 2007	Good budget place to shower and sleep - no amenities		
Mar 28 2007 	Great location!!		
Mar 13 2007 	Good Budget Option		
Feb 2 2007 	Very Good Value in a Central Location		
Jan 3 2007 	Very handy recommendation		
Nov 14 2009 	Ottimi prezzi posizione ben collegata		
Nov 9 2009 	Affascinante Londra		
Nov 7 2009 	Optimal für einen Kurztrip		
Oct 13 2009 	La persona que se queje de este hotel no conoce londres		
Oct 11 2009 	très bof et plutôt déprimant		
Oct 1 2009 	Bon rapport qualité-prix pour Londres		
Sep 23 2009 	Espacio suficiente barato limpio... PERFECTO!!!		
Sep 4 2009 	Super Preis-Leistungsverhältnis tolle Lage		
Aug 20 2009 	Posizione eccezionale		
Aug 18 2009	Problem bei Buchungsstornierung online		
Jul 20 2009 	leider heruntergekommen und viel zu klein		
Jul 15 2009 	super emplacement ! Très bon prix pour Londres !		
Jul 6 2009 	Pagas lo que ves		
Jun 23 2009 	unfassbar eng!		
Jun 9 2009 	.....mmmmm		
Mar 18 2009 	non è male		
Feb 28 2009	Jeden Euro wert!		
Feb 23 2009 	Stanze minuscole ma in pieno centro.		
Feb 15 2009 	Extrem kleines Zimmer aber Super-Lage		
Jan 23 2009 	perfetto per un breve soggiorno		
Jan 9 2009 	bellissimo		
Sep 23 2008 	Piccolissimo ma pulito e centrale		
Jul 27 2008 	Hotel Pequeño		
Jul 25 2008 	A misura d'uomo		
Jun 21 2008 	Un'ottima opzione per risparmiare qualche sterlina		
Jun 20 2008 	Muy buena ubicacion		
May 4 2008 	Básico pero buenas comunicaciones		
May 2 2008 	Super Lage aber selbst noch klein wenn man's vorher weiß...		
Mar 23 2008 	No estuvo mal		
Jan 17 2008	Molto carinoanche se le stanze sono piccolissime.		
Jan 16 2008 	básico pero muy aceptable		
Dec 16 2007 	Muy básico y muy pequeño		
Nov 30 2007 	Bueno bonito y barato (para Londres)		
Nov 6 2007 	Prácticolimpio y económico.		
Sep 3 2007 	Ideale per viaggiatori low budget		
Jul 21 2007 	Sehr angenehmer Aufenthalt		
May 21 2007 	pulito e carino		
