Nov 9 2009 	Excellent Service. Great continental breakfast	We stayed here for a couple of nights whilst visiting London. Its five minutes walk from the tube, just outside the congestion zone with private parking available at £25 for 24 hours. The room was small but fine for our stay. Service at all times - day and night is excellent and they bring tea and coffee to your room at any time. Great wifi included. We had a room with a balcony which you can order breakfast to the room at no extra cost for continental. Shame it rained while we were there so we couldn't enjoy it to the full. Hotel was very relaxing though. Lovely breakfast conservatory / bar. Very quiet area.Only comment is the rooms could do with more control on temperature. Maybe something they need to invest in.I'd happily stay there again or recommend it	
Nov 6 2009 	A Perfect Weekend Made Even Better!!!!	After being undecided for many day's about where to spend our 2 day's together in London i left the final decision to my fiancee, and luckily for me she decided to book the Pasha Suite at Twenty Nevern Hotel. So, having seen picture's of the Pasha Suite i was very happy that we we're going to be spending the evening together in such a beautiful room after our evening at the o2 arena, so imagine our surprise when we turn up at the hotel only to be told that we have been upgraded to the beautiful Ottoman Suite!!! Decked out in blue's and gold's!!! This room is absolutely beautiful!!! Complete with feature bath in the middle of the room!! (for 2) Lcd tv, freeview, dvd player, radio, ipod docking station, i won't go on with the list but i'll just say that this room has everything for the perfect getaway!!!! We both loved this room so much and came pretty close to barracading ourselves in. On checking out i felt like the Luckiest guy in the world, a night in a beautiful room with my beautiful fiancee........................if only we could stop time!!! Thank you Twenty Nevern Square for making it a weekend never to forget!!!	
Nov 6 2009 	Perfect Room Perfect Heaven!	We arrived at twenty Nevern Square at just before check in time. We booked the Pasha suite and were told upon arrival that we'd been upgraded to the Ottoman suite and all i can say is WOW!! This room is the the perfect place for a romantic break. The room is huge with the highest ceiling ever. A bath (that fits two) in the room in front of the fire is great. There is also a flat screen tv, dvd player, freeview and an ipod docking system. The bathroom is a good size with a big shower and two sinks. You have your own balcony area that overlooks Nevern Square. It has a big bed that is very comfortable. Staff were helpful and friendly. I would definately stay here again without hesitation.If i was recommending this hotel then i'd recommend the Ottoman suite as it is without doubt the best room i have stayed in.	
Oct 27 2009 	Very good but some noise problems	This is our second long weekend trip in two years to this hotel. Last year no problems but this year soundproofing was definitely an issue. We stayed in the Ottoman Suite and the screaming child mentioned in older reviews was very audible every night of our three night stay. Also, the creaking floorboards of whomever was staying/living above us were very loud, although thankfully those people did not move around much. The hotel needs to re-invest in soundproofing particularly for their superior/best rooms. People who pay full price for the best room in the hotel are not going to be patient with noise issues. They will spend their money elsewhere. That is the only reason I have downgraded the value as one night's sleep was completely ruined by the child screaming over several hours. A hotel room is essentially a place to sleep and if you cannot sleep all of the amenities/suite comforts count for nothing. We do love this hotel as everything else is pretty perfect: staff, location, room. breakfast etc. I hope they sort the sound issues out before we stay again, it will be the last chance.	
Oct 22 2009 	Good location helpful staff	Good location two minutes walk from Earls Court tube. Stayed in luxury room which was a reasonable size, only draw back was that as it is an old building the floors creak which we found out when the guests in the room above ours decided to pace their room most of the night which we could hear due to the loud creaking floorboards. I would stay at this hotel again but it would be on an upper floor and away from the front of the building.	
Sep 26 2009 	Special time	I was looking for a good hotel with a good price. When I arrived at 20 Nevern Square I become surprised how good choise I did!!! The Hotel is great, in a beautiful place and so easy party of the city to go anywhere. The people workers are so gently and we really had a great time there!!!!	
Sep 12 2009 	Fantastic hotel - great location and price !	My husband was going to London on business for 3 days so I thought I'd tag along - having never been to london before I didn't want to stay in the usual well known chain hotels. I found 20 Nevern square on late rooms and the price/reviews were excellent, so I booked a 2 night stay in a luxury double room- the nightly rate for the room was an amazing £115 ! my husband wanted me to ring the hotel to check it wasn't per person as he was sure I'd got it wrong ! We arrived at 1.30 and were shown to our room ( no 9) the Japanese Room - this was on the 2nd floor over looking the square at the front. Wooden floors,2 sash windows with beatiful thick drapes and wooden blinds, kingsize bed with lovely bedding and throws, complete with numerous scatter cushions which very very stylishly arranged. All furniture was of a Japanese theme with a large wooden unit which housed the tv, digi box and cd player. The bathroom was all marble with a single shower enclosure and lovely smellies replenished each day - one big plus for me was the bath towels - they were huge and so soft ! A nice touch I thought was the pieces of fruit they leave in your room each day - lovely . We took the continental breakfast each morning in our room ( if ordering the morning just allow them 15 minutes- we just ordered the night before) and we chose a selection of everything - coissants, toast, cereal, cheeses, meats , fresh orange and lovely coffee. The 2nd day we also received museli and cornflakes. You can also have unlimited free coffee and tea - just ring reception and it will be brought up to your room -24hrs.I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel and we will definalty be staying there again.If it helps - nearest tube in Earls Court - literally take a left as you leave the station then take your next left, walk 100m take your 2nd right and the hotel is on your left - 5 mins walk maximum. Oh and the hotel will also look after your bags when you have checked out.	
Sep 1 2009 	Boutique hotel without the pricetag	We booked after reading the good reviews on Tripadvisor and were not disappointed.The hotel is in a lovely old converted townhouse situated on a square with a big communal garden in the centre.Room number 10, a luxury double on the second floor, was comfortably big enough for the two of us (we got a peek of the Pasha suite and that is the room to book if you want a really large room!) with a bed, desk, bedside tables, tv and stereo hidden away in a cupboard, plus a built-in wardrobe with a safe, trouser press and hairdryer. The bathroom was very nice - larger than expected, all in marble with a shower and bathtub, nice toiletries, bathrobes and bottles of mineral water. The queen sized bed was very comfortable. The entire hotel is furnished tastefully, and every room is different! Another thing that gets a big thumbs up is the free wifi in all rooms.The hotel advertises as being 'very tempting' and has big bowls of shiny red apples (and oranges) in the lounge for you to snack on :-). The complimentary roomservice (coffee, tea, hot chocolate, breakfast) is a great touch! We saw lots of baskets being taken upstairs in the morning, but chose to have our breakfast in the glass-roofed diningroom, next to the garden. Continental breakfast is included in the roomprice and consists of coffee, tea, hot chocolate, fruit juices, milk, lovely creamy yoghurt, cereals and muesli, fresh fruit, freshly baked bread rolls, croissants and pain au chocolat, 4 kinds of cheese, 4 kinds of cold meat, honey, jams and marmelade. For £9 extra you can order a full English breakfast but the continental buffet was so good, we didn't bother. Staff is very friendly and helpful.Location is excellent, our room was quiet and looked out on the leafy square, although the restaurants, shops, pubs and tube station of Earls Court road are just around the corner (max. 5 minutes walk).Check their website for special offers - we paid just £89 per night. Excellent value!!	
Aug 13 2009 	Very nice!	Double room was not huge but its London and travelers have to get over the fact that rooms aren't as big as in Canada or the USA. Very well appointed and the bathroom was amazing with his/hers robes. Location is great, short walk to Earl's Court Station which is a great station to connect to most attractions.	
Jul 14 2009 	Small But Lovely Little Gem	We stayed at Twenty Nevern Square for 4 nights recently. The location is excellent; 4-5 blocks from the Earls Court tube station, which is on both the Piccadilly and District lines. The hotel was quiet without being inconveniently situated. We arrived before check-in, but were allowed to use the hotel restrooms to change our clothes and drop off our luggage. Our room was fit with a quenn bed for my husband and I, and a single for our small daughter, so our room did feel a little cramped, but we didn't mind. We were out of our room sight-seeing for most of the time we were in London. The continental breakfast was probably the best we had on our entire 3-week trip throughout England and Scotland. The staff was very helpful and no request was too small. I would definitely stay here again and I would certainly recommend Twenty Nevern Square to anyone traveling to London.	
Jul 13 2009 	Lovely Boutique Hotel	My wife booked 20 Nevern Square as a Birthday Surprise, we stayed in a Luxury Double room, the room was beautifully designed, a bit small but that is London for you. The colour tones, soft lighting and gorgeous marble bathroom was perfect for the 2 of us. The Continental Breakfast consists of fresh fruit, yoghurts and Pastries. The staff were very friendly and always willing to help, nothing was too much trouble. We will definitely be staying here again.	
Jul 8 2009 	The hotel was a highlight of our trip with a wonderful staff location and facility	At the top of the list when reviewing the Twenty Nevern Square would be the excellent staff and the professional, thorough, and caring service they provide. I assume that managers at this hotel screen candidates for their staff with these requirements in mind as everyone on the staff that we met was efficient, friendly and welcoming. Although I wish I had asked for all of their names, I would like to specifically mention Lu-Anne, Chuka, Matthew and Sulai for their superb service. The staff was a definite plus for us! The location of the hotel at Earl's Court is also excellent and only a few minutes walk from the tube. The Earl's Court station includes three major lines, just about all you need to travel directly (with no transfers) from Heathrow Airport to the hotel (about $2.00 in non-peak time after 9:30 a.m.) or from the hotel to all major tourist destinations. The Earl's Court area provides many choices in restaurants and pubs, plus several bakeries and grocery stores. The hotel is located directly across the street from a park, which is a safe, quiet and pretty setting. The rooms are stylishly decorated with helpful amenities, such as a heated towel rack in the bathroom, and the facility is spotlessly clean. The breakfast is excellent with delicious, top-quality fresh fruit each day. It also includes cereals, yogurts, meat and cheese platters, croissants, rolls, pastries, juices, hot chocolate, coffee and tea. Oranges and apples are available throughout the day in the lounge area, and the staff will bring hot chocolate, coffee or tea to your room at any time of day if requested. We stayed for six nights at the Twenty Nevern Square and will definitely return and recommend it to friends. It was delightful!!!	
Jul 6 2009 	Worth a look if staying in the area	My girlfriend and I stayed here for 1 night at the beginning of July.We chose this Hotel because it was a short tube ride to Wimbledon Tennis Club.LocationThe Hotel is a few minutes walk from Earls Court Tube Station.A good base to get to Wimbledon and connect into central London.There are lots of Pubs and restaurants in this area.HotelThe Hotel is a converted town house and looks onto a park in the middle of Nevern Square. It had a small lounge with internet access and small bar / breakfast room. RoomOur room 10 was nice, small but adequate as we wasn't planning on staying in much. The bed was comfortable, there was enough storage for a short stay and was kept clean to a good standard. We looked out onto the park which was nice. There was a TV in the room (not a very good picture), a fan instead of A/C which was much needed, an ironing board &amp; iron and a safe. The bathroom had the usual toiletries, bottled water and dressing gowns.Food &amp; DrinkA continental breakfast was included in our price although you could pay extra for an English breakfast. There were 2 ladies rushing about trying to put fresh food out, clear the tables, wash up, greet the guests, etc. It was a bit manic and un-organised. Having said that it wasn’t bad, cheese &amp; ham, rolls, croissants, cereal, tea &amp; coffee, etc.Also instead of tea &amp; coffee making facilities in the rooms, you can dial 0 to reception and order complimentary tea, coffee and hot chocolate. This service is 24 hours which I thought was very good.StaffAll the Staff we met were very friendly and pleased to help. OverallIf like us you need to stay in this area and fancy something with a bit more character and personality than a travel lodge, pay the extra £10/£20 to stay at 20 Nevern Square.	
Jul 3 2009 	GREAT	Stayed with colleagues for a conference in London, the hotel is perfect in every way, free wireless connection, lovely rooms, I was lucky enough to be upgraded to a Luxury Room.The Breakfast was fresh and tasty, the staff all friendly. We will be booking again.	
Jun 23 2009 	Small but well managed	We spent 4 nights in this hotel last week. The location is nice, a few blocks from the Earls Court station and near Old Brompton Road which has some good restaurants and pubs. I was initially concerned that our room was in the basement. It was small but well equipped. It had a comfortable bed and a fantastic shower. The continental breakfast was simple but fine and it was served in a very sunny room. The staff were very helpful with requests and queries. This place is neither a cookie cutter chain hotel nor a blemish-free boutique hotel, but it was well maintained and comfortable. The service and the location are both very good. It is appropriately priced for what it provides. I'd stay here again.	
Jun 13 2009 	Awful Hotel - never again!	Situated in between noisy Earls Court Road and Warwick Road in a garden square is the best bit. It spiralls hopelessly downhill after that. My wife checked in earlier than me (I was a few hours behind) with colleagues for a weekend seminar being held in the area. The first room offered was so small she had to shuffle around the bed sideways to get anywhere and the bed certainly was not big enough for two. The staff offered to change the room (which wasn't ready) and she had to go and register at the seminar and was told she could collect the key on her return in the early evening. We returned and were given a key and instructions on how to get to our room (room 23), the three doorways we ended in front of weren't numbered and looked rather like storage area doors, but the desk clerk returned with us and seemed surprised that these rooms weren't numbered and showed us in the room. We were right on first impressions, these WERE storage rooms, but cleared out and a bed, TV and bathroom squeezed into the space. I wondered how small the first room offered was, as you could have possibly touched wall to wall with two people's outstretched arms. The bed was a double only in the fact that the two of us could lie down side by side! The bed itself had sheets and a well used blanket (complete with somebody else's hair on it). I travel with electric razor and toothbrush and looked for sockets to plug them in, and couldn't find anything in the bathroom, so I checked the dog eared computer printouts in the &quot;Information pack&quot;, silly me! I had missed them as they were apparently right by the shaving mirror light, I looked again, no mirror, no light and no electric socket. There was a bidet in the bathroom, so you could wash but not brush! I checked the wonderful &quot;information pack&quot; a bit more, which also told me that sheets would be changed every three days (hinting at an eco guilt trip) and I would find a bag for dry cleaning (but they hide it so well - maybe it was next to the shaver point, you know, the one by the non existent mirror and light!).The small bed slid across the floor if any weight was put against it. There was a TV and Sky viewing box on a shelf with pieces falling off it at the end of the bed, we didn't turn it on, we didn't need to, the walls and ceiling were so thin, we got to enjoy everyone else's TV noise!The hand out said there would be &quot;..soft towelling robes and marbled bathing rooms..&quot; and ..&quot;the difference is in the detail..&quot;the robes were towelling and the room was meant for bathing, but SOFT and MARBLE there wasn't! the detail? oh yes, a &quot;double&quot; room with a gift of ONE apple, on ONE plate! (not even a knife to cut it so we could share!) A suitcase stand folded in the wardrobe, useless, as there was not enough room to put it up. A hairdryer in the wardrobe next to an unlit mirror with a lead so short, my wife had to virtually sit in the wardrobe to use it! The mirrors in the batroom with the edges falling off,. The shower, surprisingly did work, but the screen wall was not very big and any sudden movement meant that water bounced off me onto the floor. Detail? the painter in the bathroom had also kindly painted parts of the woodwork and tiles the same colour as the walls! Room service? if you like sandwiches or pies and high priced drinks you will be well looked after! A double room with only one chair and a bed so narrow and hard it could have been a mortuary slab - I expected to wake up with someone in a white coat with a scalple hovering nearby!Breakfast - I knew it would be a bad morning when we had to walk round the empty frozen food baxes in the corridor leading to the cafe/restuarant. Continental breakfast is included, but cooked apparently takes 30 minutes and costs £9 supplement. The usual basic muesli and packet cereals and frozen pastries. We asked for coffee and Earl Grey tea (my wife eventually kindly showed the waiter which tea was Earl Grey) he managed to make the tea undrinkable and really strong, my coffee, on the other hand, was too weak to defend itself! The service was beyond a joke, dirty plates on grubby tables only grudgingly moved when someone had the audacity to sit at one of them. A colleague kept reminding the wait staff that she was still waiting for an order of toast after nearly and hour - other diners took pity on her and offered her some of theirs! I watched pots of beverages being served without cups to drink from. Coffee being offered and called hot chocolate. The service (or rather, lack of it!) was commented upon and a staff member considerately said it was becuase &quot;they were busy&quot;) NO (-----) SHERLOCK!, it was Saturday morning in a hotel in London, nobody thought that guests who had checked in would be impertinent enough to want breakfast in the morning! Oh ye!, they don't seem to have a dishwasher with the nice hot sterilising rinse at the end, they wash up everything - glasses, cups, cereal bowls and greasy breakfast plates in a small sink behind the bar and dry everything with one tea towel!We had booked for two nights, but decided that one was enough, and packed and tried to check out, the guy on the desk didn't believe us and called a colleague to ask if this was possible, after some debate it was decided that we could have our freedom and we escaped into the morning sunshine! As I said - AWFUL HOTEL - NEVER AGAIN! I had to give this hotel one mark, I think it deserves none, but I can't place this review without a mark!	
Jun 4 2009 	Nice hotel but stay away from Room 21 (Mezzaine Room)	The plus side: friendly, helpful staff, nice breakfast room with good quality food, clean, fairly well decorated/furnished, convenient location.The minus side: our room (room 21, the Mezzanine) was a death trap. How the local authorities allowed this room to be occupied by the public is puzzling. The entrance to the room is the lower portion of a two-level room which has the bathroom and a sitting area. The room is deceptively attractive. An incredibly steep stairway leads to the upper level. The stairway treads are so short that they allow about one third of your foot to contact the treads. The only way to ascend is by twisting your feet to the side while ascending. The upper level has the bed and associated furnishings. The ceiling height in the bedroom area is about 5 feet 10 inches and has a beam which crosses the center of the room at 4 feet 10 inches. Anyone taller than 5'10&quot; cannot stand up and anyone taller than a dwarf had better remember to duck under the beam. I forgot one time and hit my head hard enough that I considered whether I needed medical attention. Of course, any trip under the beam and down the stairs to the bathroom during the night was death-defying. The ceiling height in the shower is about 5'10&quot; as well. Such a room would never be allowed in the U.S. where it would not meet building codes. It's a shame because the hotel was otherwise very nice.	
May 27 2009 	A great location in a small but very comfortable hotel nothing is too much trouble.	The hotel was described as a 'Townhouse Hotel' and was admittedly small but the room was exquisitely furnished with high quality decor &amp; fittings. There was a comfortable lounge on the ground floor &amp; an airy conservatory where meals were served as well as a small bar area. Located just minutes from Earl's Court yet in a peaceful square setting, the location could't have been better.	
May 20 2009 	Great little find...	This is a gem of a place and just around the corner from Earl's Court tube station (Warwick Road exit)The staff are very friendly and the rooms small, but very comfortable.Breakfast was also great and generally enjoyed the stay - will be staying again as I'm often in London on business.	
Apr 19 2009 	A Hidden Jewel	Arrived Heathrow at 4.45am after 23hrs flying time. First trip to UK. The theory was to drop bags and 'explore' London. Exhaustion and the shock of cooler weather made this extremely hard. We weren't due to book in till 2pm! The staff were wonderful. They provided warmth, comfort and coffee till a room was vacated and made up for us by 10am.The room was amazing. Four poster bed, dimmer switch for lighting, hot shower and quiet location. Woke after 19hrs sleep and enjoyed toasted sandwiches in bed (room service). Stayed 3 nights. Location to tube station and Earls Court made getting around easy. Buffet breakfast was amazing. Staff were all friendly and very helpful.	
Apr 7 2009 	WARNING:PLUMBING Problem	I made reservation 2 times for each 1 night at 20 Nevern Square in 2008. Unfortunately, I always had bad experience with this hotel. I was moved 2 times to other substandard hotel due to PLUMBING problem. 1st time they phoned me. Second time I arrived at the hotel without being informed and there was same problem which is PLUMBING. I was really annoyed by the hotel by handling my reservation. Come on how can you have same problem 2 times of my different stays? It is really ridiculous. I requested at least to see my bedroom since there was plumbing problem in the bathroom as I assumed there was no problem with bedroom but I was told by hotel crew that I could not go to the bedroom as well as the bathroom. I suspected they were overbooked and did not have room for me to stay, therefore they moved my reservations to Mayflower hotel. and the Mayflower hotel is absolutely disaster.I felt like I was cheated by the hotel. I informed the hotel staff about what I thought. I will never stay this hotel again. Whoever is going to stay there please beware of PLUMBING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Mar 31 2009 	Last Minute Trip good find	I booked the hotel for a last minute trip for a concert at Earl's Court. The hotel was nice, with an adequate breakfast but my room was VERY small even by European standards. But I was there solo and without much luggage so it was fine. The staff were very friendly and accomodated my needs with medication that had to be refrigerated. A good experience.	
Mar 26 2009 	Amazing Hotel !	I recently stayed at Twenty Nevern Square with my girlfriend for a special treat - I booked a Luxury Four Poster Room directly with the hotel - the quickness of the response from the staff was fantastic and made booking via email very easy – the afternoon receptionist was fantastic when I called up to check if everything was ok (even though the hotel did send me a confirmation email). I like double checking everything I do especially when it comes to an evening at a hotel with my Mrs. I Informed the receptionists that I would like a few special surprises in the room for my girlfriend – some champagne, flowers and chocolate the hotel took my budget and organised everything else from there. We arrived at the hotel at around 1PM and we were accommodated by the lovely girl at the front desk who informed us our room we were ready early and that the manager had given us an upgrade (booking directly helps with free upgrades according to the manager). We were shown to our room by a lovely porter named chuka who was very courteous and showed us to our room. When we entered the room – I think the word gob smacked describes the room it was the ottoman suite – according to my girlfriend “the most gorgeous colour combination with turquoise and gold”. The pieste de résistance was the Victorian bathtub in the room set by the marble fire place and chandelier over the top this was amazing. The room also had an amazing view of the square with our own private terrace (which was great for me as I am a smoker). Inside the room my girlfriend was very happy to see champagne on ice flowers and chocolates (scored me many brownie points). In the evening we went down to reception and I was met by a very friendly face in Matthew who helped me sort out a table at mint leaf and organise a car to pick us up very efficient service. That evening we left for dinner (not really wanting to leave the 42inch plasma and DVD player) and made our way to the restaurant our car was outside an S-Class Mercedes Benz (if this is what there friends carry the guests around its not half bad – the driver was fully licensed and even had a pricing list in the back of the car). We came back to the hotel had some hot chocolate sent up and relaxed the night away.We enjoyed breakfast in bed – the saddest part of the stay was that I only booked one night wished we could have stayed there forever it was truly an amazing experience and will definitely return to this gem of a hotel. All the staff was fantastic and I will definitely be returning to Twenty Nevern Square.	
Mar 25 2009 	Lovely up-town townhouse round corner from tube stop	Booked off WotIf.com.Lovely up-town atmosphere Gives a glimpse of what it's like to live in an up-scale townhouse in London city.LOCATIONAwesome! Just round the corner from the Earls Court tube stop. Only a few stops into central London. Quiet street, across from well-maintained park.ROOMQuite small room, but incredibly comfortable and reasonably sized bed. Free bottled water.FACILITIESFree breakfast. Yummy pastries, cereal and other staples, fresh tea and coffee, fruit.Free wireless internet, which was a must for me. There's a desktop computer in the room next to the dining room.Free printing too.STAFFSupremely helpful, can tell you how to get anywhere around town.CONCLUSIONWould definitely go there again. Reasonable price, classy atmosphere, well-maintained facilities, great location.	
Mar 23 2009 	Great location!	The location of this hotel was wonderful, close to the Tube and restaurants. The neighborhood felt very safe and the staff was extremely helpful. I stayed in a luxury double and being forewarned about the size of London hotel rooms was pleasantly surprised. The room was nicely heated. The bathtub/shower combination had no shower curtain or door so made a small puddle in the bathroom. The continental breakfast was a very good combination of fruit, cheese, cold meats, granolas, bread, pastries, and yogurts with juice, coffee, and tea...more than enough to start the day. You can also get the continental breakfast delivered to the room for free. One thing is that payment either cash or with credit card is needed at checkin.	
Mar 20 2009 	Great experience	I really liked this hotel, it's small but personal with a great location (just a few minutes from Earl's Court Tube). The staff were very friendly and professional, the room was clean and newly furnished. We were in the Mezzanine Room which was quiet and more spacious than expected, although not recommended for very tall people (!) Great value for money, especially considering that breakfast, which had a good selection, was also included in the price.	
Feb 23 2009 	Watch Out - You Could Get Duped Too	Yes, there are some good reviews of this hotel by people who were lucky enough to avoid the pitfalls but for many of us who have reviewed this hotel our credit cards were illegally charged by the dishonest management.After reading reviews of 20 Nevern, I thought it would be a lovely place to stay. I did note the bad reviews by people who were shifted to the Mayflower hotel but armed with that info I thought nothing could go wrong. Not so.I booked months in advance with a credit card that was later bought out by another company rendering the original card useless. While away on my trip, I checked my email to find that they needed new credit info and to respond within 24 hours in order to keep my booking. So I did. The following day I rec'd a call from Baggi who said I no longer had a room. I asked him why since I sent my info as requested. He said he would put me in the Mayflower Hotel. I immediately said &quot;No Way.&quot; I read the bad reviews and wasn't going to fall into their trap. When I told him no, Baggi said &quot;Well come in on Monday and we will try to get you a room at 20 Nevern.&quot; On Monday, I arrived at the hotel to see if they could find a room and the young man said no but they would put me in the Mayflower. Again, I said &quot;No Way&quot; and asked him to credit my credit card which he refused to do. I left and spent an hour or two finding a new hotel and figured I would take care of this problem when I arrived home.I contacted booking.com immediately upon return but they were not very interested in helping. They received a response from Sulai the manager of 20 Nevern in which he stated &quot;we were perplexed when the customer arrived at the hotel.&quot;I contacted my credit card company to dispute the transaction. It was taken off my credit card. Last week I rec'd a letter from my credit card company that the dispute was reopened. It included a letter from Sulai racked with lies and misinformation. This time he stated &quot;The customer never showed up to the hotel&quot;. Did I show up or didn't I?????Long story, longer. Unfortunately, I rec'd the letter from the credit card company on Feb.13th and was asked to respond by Feb. 12th or the case would be closed. With no chance to dispute the charges the only thing I can do is warn others of this practice. Before you book this hotel, read the reviews from worst to best. You will see others who have been illegally charged. Then look at the reviews for the Mayflower and you will see a similar game. The hotel also has a taxi scam. Instead of calling a registered taxi company they call their &quot;associates&quot; who charge their customers double the cost to ride them around London.When I read Trip Advisor reviews I take the negative reviews with a grain of salt figuring that there are some people who can never be pleased. I am one of the most easy going people but seeing how many people were duped by this hotel I had to write and warn my fellow travelers.Don't be surprised if you see a response from Sulai saying I am delusional or whatever he wants to call it. I have noticed many of his responses to internet complaints that he writes off as another crazy customer. After awhile all these &quot;crazy customers&quot; will catch up with him.	
Jan 26 2009 	I knew it would be great and it was.	This was my second stay at the Twenty Nevern Square and I was not disappointed. I had booked a luxury double contacting the hotel directly. I exchanged a few emails with Mr Sulai and never had to wait long to hear back. I requested a room with a view and was assigned room 9 on the second floor, with a view of the square. The room wasn't big but I was travelling alone and it was big enough for me. I suppose it could be a bit small for two people with a lot of luggage, but then again I prefer cleanliness over size, and the room was spotless. The bathroom (with toilet, sink, shower) was small, but spotless, like the room. It was a bit too hot, I must admit, so I often had to open the window but that wasn't a big problem - I noticed pretty much everywhere else I went to, be it shops, galleries or wherever, was a bit too warm for my taste so I guess that's what the majority expects. The complimentary WiFi connection worked perfectly, I had breakfast brought to my room every morning perfectly on time and both reception staff and waiting staff were very nice and polite. The hotel rooms do not have tea/coffee facilities (i.e. kettle!) and I did miss that a bit, but you can call the reception and have a drink brought to your room any time at no charge.The location is great, there are two large supermarkets that are open 24/7 within walking distance, the Tube is just a couple of minutes away, and so is the post office, banks, pubs, restaurants and take-aways, chemist, etc.I stayed at a much bigger hotel later on during my trip but I preferred the Twenty Nevern Square because service seemed a lot more personal.	
Dec 17 2008 	A Nice Weekend	The room was on the small side but nicely decorated to a high standard and clean. The walls were quite thin.The location is quiet, but very close to the Tube.WiFi and breakfast were included at no extra charge.The hotel staff were friendly and helpful. They gave us good advice about parking nearby that saved us a good bit of money.	
Nov 18 2008 	Beautiful Hotel	Celebrated our 5th Wedding Anniversary on Saturday 15th Nov. 2008Located about a 3 minute walk from Earls Court tube station.Beautiful, charming room with 4 poster bed (Room 1)Food was absolutely yummy (Breakfast in bed)Free tea &amp; coffee on demandStaff were very friendly, helpful and made us feel so welcome.Would definitely stay here again and can really recommend this hotel10 out of 10	
Oct 31 2008 	Wonderful small hotel in London	We spent two nights at this small, boutique hotel in Earls Court. It is a short 5-10 minute walk from the Earls Court underground station on busy Earls Court Road which also has a good selection of restaurants. The hotel is in a very quiet, residential square and is a real gem. Our room, as we expected in London, was very small but beautifully decorated and very comfortable. We were in &quot;The Conservatory&quot; - two twin beds and a great little sitting area with a small but very nice bathroom. Very clean and the staff was welcoming, friendly and helpful. Breakfast was wonderful and the breakfast room at the hotel was great - nice place to relax and enjoy the morning. For London, the price was good and Earls Court is not too far from many London attractions. We highly recommend this hotel and are looking forward to returning there.	
Oct 6 2008 	Fine for what it is	I booked a luxury double at 20 Nevern Square based on reviews from Tripadvisor. I stayed for four nights from 23 September 2008. The hotel is well located, being a short walk from the Earl's Court tube station, which links directly to Heathrow. Earl's Court Rd also has all the facilities you would need, including pubs, restaurants, several small supermarkets, internet outlet, post office etc. There is a large 24hour Tesco's supermarket within 8 minutes walk as well.I was somewhat disappointed with the room. I had Room 12, which was certainly small (although I expected this based on previous reviews aand previous experience with London hotels), however my main problem was that, rather than being a double, it had two twin beds pushed together. I like having room to stretch out which is why I booked a double. Two twin beds together are not a double, they are very uncomfortable unless you simply sleep in one of the singles. Not happy with this.I would also caution about the heat (an odd thing for London, I know!). When I was there the maximum daily temps were in the range of 18-21C. The room was quite warm. The only cooling available was a small fan or an open window. While this sufficed, I think the room would be unbearable in warmer temperatures.I also could not access the hotel's wifi Internet. This may have been a problem with my laptop, but I have not had this problem elsewhere. If you do wish to access the Internet, and don't have your own laptop, I would not use the hotel's computer - the keyboard is really bad and the cost is twice that of the Internet available on Earl's Court Rd (where it was 1 pound for an hour).	
Sep 8 2008 	Brilliant	We booked a luxury double directly through the hotel for 109 pounds. There were some specials advertised on the website, but we were told these weren't available for September, which was a little annoying since the website did not limit them to any month in particular.However, when we got there they upgraded us for free to the Pasha suite at their initiative. As many others have written, it was very charming. The service in the hotel was impeccable.Our only regret was that we had to leave.	
Sep 1 2008 	Great place to stay in central London	I stayed in a twin room in June. Yes the room was small, but it was perfectly adequate for a two night trip to go to Wimbledon. The staff were extremely courteous, friendly and helpful. The decor and ambience was very warm and welcoming. While tea and coffee making facilities were not available in the room the staff were more than willing to make a pot of tea or coffee for us at any time in the downstairs lounge. The hotel was very convenient to the tube, for both Heathrow and Wimbledon. It was also only a 10 minute walk to High St Kensington for the obligatory shopping trip. Its in a nice area, which we found to be very quiet. I would highly recommend this hotel for anyone who intends to spend a few days in London.	
Aug 16 2008 	Lovely Hotel	Stayed in a twin room for 3 night in early July 2008. Lovely decor in twin room (which was small, however this was not unexpected). The bathroom was impeccably clean and the ammenities were very nice. Only problem with bathroom was sensor light which went off halfway through my shower one morning. Room was incredibly hot, even with fan on full and window open, I actually went out without a jacket one day (because room was so hot) and was freezing.Indulged in hot chocolate delivered to our room after coming home one night, which was lovely. Buffet breakfast was also good with lots of variety and the staff in breakfast room very attentive.Other than the heat only negative was one night when I was trying to receive a very important phone call from home the phone disconnected twice after about 20 seconds and when I called reception to report the problem and request that the phone be changed over was met with a laugh and told they had no other phones. Eventually on the 3rd try my call stayed connected.Lovely well located place to stay.	
Jul 28 2008 	Teeny Weeny!	This little hotel is charming and set in a nice quiet square but within walking distance of restuarants and bars. Handy for subway too.It was clean and the reception staff were nice. Lots of hot water and a good standard of fixtures and fittings. Free toilettries v nice.No Tea/ coffee making facilities in room but bottled water provided.Breakfast was basic but the setting was nice (albeit a small room) and it was fine.My real issue was with the size of my room. It was absolutely tiny. This was made worse by the fact that they had crammed a queen size bed, a chair, a bedside unit and two small tables in! The result was a claustrophobic nightmare - a room where you could only shuffle past the bed to get to the en suite (which was so small that there was nowhere to put toilettries and the door could not open fully into the room.) There was no more than 12 inches to spare around the edge of the room and once all the cushions and throws etc were off the bed you couldn't get near the window! You couldn't actually sit in the chair and the only way to watch the TV was lying on the bed. (Remote didn't work.)The heavy curtains made the room very dark but a fan was provided to help the air circulate.There was no place to put anything and if you were staying more than a night you would seriously struggle. The drawers in the bedside cabinet were too small for even my modest underwear and I couldn't open them anyway because of all the cushions etc off the bed had been folded up there. The wardrobe was a teeny closet which contained spare blankets, the hairdryer and trouser press along with the safe and so you really couldn't hang anything in it. The mirror was on the back of the closet door and set at a height for midgets.My overall feeling was that I had stepped through the looking glass!! At only 5 foot 5 I was really struggling not to feel like Gulliver! Men or tall women? Forget it!Seriously - I paid £90 a night for these very cramped conditions - not value for money but then that is London Hotels for you! It was clean and I would consider going back but only if I was guaranteed a room that I could actually stand up in!	
Jul 27 2008 	Lovely small hotel	We were a group of four friends who stayed at Twenty Nevern Square for a long weekend in December 2007. It's a lovely hotel, a short walk from Earl's Court tube station. The rooms are very nice and a continental breakfast was included in our room rate. The only thing we didn't like was that the beds had blankets instead of duvets, but this is just a minor complaint. We'd recommend this hotel to others who are going to London and would very likely return ourselves on a future visit to the city.	
Jul 21 2008 	Nice	Very convenient location : safe area + tube just around the corner (district, circle, piccadilly). Room was tiny but that's how it goes in London and the bathroom was quite spacious and clean. We had lots of wardrobe space in the room, so we stored the luggage in there and had enough space to walk around the bed. Flatscreen TV, CD- and DVD player available in the room. Breakfast (cereals, cold cuts, cheese, fruits) was good, although I'd prefer cooked english breakfast when I'm in London.All in all, a good experience.	
Jul 9 2008 	What A Gem!	Wow, what a gem of a hotel this is!I stayed with my husband, my sister and two teenage nephews at this hotel on the 2nd of July.On arrival the hotel came out promptly and took my husband and brother in law to park the car at the designated parking (£25 for 24hr's).The concierge then carried our cases in and took them to our rooms while we signed in. The front of staff, a lovely lady from Bottswana (Sorry if I got that wrong) welcomed us and arranged everything to make our stay pleasent. The hotel met our requests to be near the children too.We stayed in room 6 (luxery double)The rooms are amazing, beautiful fabrics, bed linnen, soft furnishings and marble bathrooms. The bathroom was well stocked with towels and they had lovely toiletries too that aren't just bog standard. The bathroom was spotless and the shower was hot and powerful.The bedroom was just stunning with beautiful lamps and was well thought out. It had a cabinet that housed TV with Free view, DVD and CD player. There was lots of storage for clothes, a trouser press and a fantastic powerful hairdryer. It wasn't one of those weird things that is stuck to the wall and that you can't manouver very well!When we arrived back late at night, the bed had been beautifully turned down ready for us to slip into, I thought that this was a lovely touch.Tea, coffee and hot chocolate are free during your stay and you can have this served in your room 24hrs with no extra charge.Breakfast was the best continental breakfast I have ever had, lovely cheeses, no plastic cheese in sight, quality yogurts and cerial and freshe bakery items. As much tea, coffee and juice as you wanted. You can have this served in your room if you wish at no extra cost. We prefered to go to the very pleasent breakfast room. The ladies who serve the breakfast are very helpful and really look after every detail.This hotel is close to the tube at Earls Court but far enough down the road to be quiet. I can't recommend it enough, I wanted to revisit in October with my children 9 &amp; 6 years but sadly they can only accommodate 1 child in the room. They have recommended their sister hotel The Linden. If it is anything like this one we will have a great stay!	
Jun 26 2008	Great stay	Stayed at NSQ20 in June on bussiness had a fantstic stay, the satff were freindly, room was perfect and had a great breakfast.	
Jun 25 2008 	Roomless Room	The staff was very nice, but the hotel is a converted town house, so many of the rooms are extremely tiny. I should have read the fine print more closely to see that the deluxe double and the four poster deluxe double were not at all the same thing. Also I should have requested a room with actual standing room. As it was, we had to live out of our suitcases since there was no place to put anything without making living there impossible. I would recommend the hotel, but you should get the larger rooms if you can.	
Jun 4 2008 	Nice hotel great staff	We stayed in a luxury double for 4 nights at the end of May 2008. The room was nicely furnished and overlooked the square. The square is beautiful and peaceful. The hotel is close to the Earl's Court tube station and in a quiet and safe neighborhood. There are plenty of reasonably priced restaurants and pubs on Earl's Court Road. The breakfast room is bright, sunny and comfortable. The breakfast is a wonderful assortment of fresh fruit, yogurts, cereals, cheeses, meats and breakfast rolls and pastries. This is a nice change from the roll and cereal of other hotels in this price range!The best part of this gem of a hotel is the staff. They are pleasant, helpful and cheerful. I will definitely stay here again!	
Jun 4 2008 	Very pleasant	Located at Earl's Court at the outskirts of Zone 1 is this very pleasant little hotel. The hotel itself is a short 5 minute walk from the Tube station and is located on a quite street off the main road and facing a very pleasant private garden / square. Earl's Court Tube station is on the Circle Line as well as the Picadilly Line which means that Soho, Convent Garden and Oxford Street are easy to get to.The staff were efficient and courteous. The room was of a good size (especially for London and the price). The price was reasonable. Breakfast was good and was served in a nice dining area with a fabulous skylight.There is no cable but there is a dvd player and radio/hifi in the room. Wifi is also provided but it was very weak in our room (on the 2nd floor).Every room in the hotel is different. Ours was the Mezzanine Suite. As the name suggests, the room was built in such a way that the bed room was on a different level from the main entrance and the toilet. The design meant that there was more space in the room. However, it also meant that the bedroom had a fairly low ceiling and that we had to climb up and down a fairly steep and narrow flight of stairs every day. Also, the lights switches were not well designed and the main lights could not be switched off from the bed.Overall, we liked this hotel. It was very clean and well maintained. It was great value for money and coming back every night was a pleasure. we must however caution that some of the rooms did appear to be rather small.ps. We booked the hotel directly from the hotel website. The hotel was quick to reply and booking the hotel (through emails) was a painless and pleasant experience.	
Apr 20 2008 	Great little place	With the current USD to GBP exchange rate, there is no such thing as a cheap place to stay in London. Add to that the crap shoot of booking a place sight unseen and the range of reviews you can read for any hotel - even TripAdvisor can only allay so many fears.I am happy to report, however, that Twenty Nevern Square is a gem of a place to stay in London. Through one of their specials, I booked a luxury double; they put me in the Chinese double, a lovely room overlooking the square, quiet and comfortable. As expected, the room was small; having traveled and lived abroad, I didn't expect - or need - American expansiveness, and they have used the space to good effect: a massive dresser and roomy closet provide plenty of storage, a small table provides a place to work or eat. The bathroom was also economical but provided quite enough room and plenty of towels; the shower was powerful and the hot water was plentiful.Because I was running late, I asked for breakfast to be delivered to my room - one of the complimentary perks. Continental breakfasts usually consists of a bowl of museli, a dry croissant and some jam; my tray offered a small selection of meat and cheese, two kinds of yogurt, museli, fresh fruit, three types of pastry, jam, milk, juice and tea - all very tasty.The staff I encountered were both pleasant and helpful. The gentleman on night duty located an extension cord for me so I could plug my Mac into the (too low to the floor) outlet; my breakfast arrived promptly and with a smile; the porter carried my suitcase to the curb for me when I left that morning. Earl's Court is also a good location. Two tube stops are within minutes of the hotel; buses are frequent; taxis abound. There are plenty of restaurants within walking distance if you'd like to stay local for an evening meal.I'm aware there are more luxurious places to stay in London and I know there are less expensive hotels. I was very pleased with my stay at Twenty Nevern, however, and as the budget allows, I plan to return.	
Apr 11 2008 	wonderful	Second time I've stayed here this time I shared with my cousin so we got a twin room for 6 nights was wonderful. we stayed the same time as the brit awards which were just around the corner so hotel was booked out but it was still quiet. one night we could hear a noisy washing machine upstairs we rang reception who tryed to find were noise was coming from aft'er they found it was coming from a privatly owned flat they couldn't do anything but this happened onced and they did try to fix it what more could you ask for . great breakfast hot chocolates on demand boy what a great time we had and we will be staying there again next year best hotel for the price room was alway clean didnt matter what time you left when you came back it was clean staff very friendly too great hotel ........	
Apr 7 2008 	Really very impressed...	I was planning on staying in London for 2 days on my own so I wanted to get a hotel that would be in a decent area and that would look after me (I'm such a girl!). Having found relatively good reviews of 20 Nevern Square I contacted them and booked a luxury double (as it was all they had left) at a better rate than I had seen advertised online. I arrived at the hotel just after 9am and was told that my room would be ready in half an hour if I chose to wait - this has never happened in any other hotel I've ever stayed in. I decided to head on and upon my return I found my bag had been put in my room. This was a nice touch. The room was on the 3rd floor and looked out over the square which was great. It was compact and at first sight I thought the bathroom (shower room really) was too small. If my husband (6'6'' tall and built like a truck) had been staying it would have been a bit cramped for him. As I'm normal-sized it suited me - the only thing I can say about the room is that the end of the bed was carved and I kept walking into bits of it. However, when I returned after dinner they'd turned down my sheets and I spent a very comfortable night there. I'd ordered a hot chocolate which was divine and probably helped!Breakfast was lovely and the staff were fantastic. They really couldn't have been more helpful - especially when (idiot that I am) I left my phone charger there. As I type it is winging its way to Northern Ireland courtesy of the hotel. I was able to leave my luggage at the hotel until I needed to go to the airport and I really appreciated this.All in all I'd recommend this place highly - I'll be using it again myself. And next time I might just bring my husband!!	
Apr 7 2008 	A room with a view...	Twenty Nevern Square is ideally situated for Earls Court and the West End of London. It's a beautiful building overlooking a fabulous garden square. We stayed in the Pasha Suite and it's a very nice room, although it's starting to look and feel a little worn around the edges. Service was good on arrival, although it's a bit odd being asked to pay for your room before you've stayed in it - perhaps I'm being old fashioned? Breakfast was included in the room rate (unusual for London) and was ok as far as continental breakfasts go - though the museli was pretty stale. This is an ok 'boutique' style hotel, not the best we've stayed in, but was a good option for a weekend away.	
Mar 10 2008	Just O.K.	It makes you wonder in what other hotels stayed the people who are so excited about this hotel. It gives fair value for money in London standards but nothing more. The bathroom was tiny and uncomfortable. The room small with hardly any storage room. The overall maintenance isn't very good- a door that opens with difficulty, a remote control who works poorly, etc. It's true there's a carved wooden board above the bed but to me it takes a little more then that to create a chinese theme to a room. All in all it's o.k. and the location is good but if it wasn't in central London nobody would have bothered.	
Mar 8 2008 	Wonderful Ottoman Suite	Took ages to try and find the perfect hotel for a romantic evening in London. The key considerations were size of room and quietness. I called Twenty Nevern Square to book the Pasha Suite which looked lovely on their website. Had a lovely conversation with Baggi on reception who recommended their brand new Ottoman Suite, about £20 pounds more. To joke with the people who answer the phone seemed to me a good start, so I took his advice, on condition I would seek him out should it not live up to expectations... Did not have to! The suite was fabulous, an enormous room, huge bed, three sets of French windows leading to a sweet balcony overlooking the square (altho latter not much use in rainy feb) luxurious fabrics in gold and blue, a lovely marble fireplace, and the piece de resistance, a free standing, claw footed bath tub in the actual bedroom in front of the fireplace. Well equipped with DVD player, flat screen TV, radio and thing to put your ipod in. As my boyfriend arrived very late after a train delay, missing our restaurant reservation, I popped down to the 24 hour Tesco, and we had a lovely picnic in our room. The staff were all very friendly. The only downside which is nothing to do with the hotel is that the District Line to Earls Court is not running at the moment, so we spent a bit more on taxis than normal, but was small issue, and there are plenty of great places within walking distance. It seems from other reviews on this site that some of their rooms are a bit small, but this suite is very special and wonderful value.CH, Dublin, Feb 2008	
Mar 7 2008	Excellent	Finding a reasonably priced hotel in Central London can be a bit 'hit and miss'. More miss than hit usually. I'm happy to report that 20 Nevern Square is excellent. I booked direct with the hotel after checking the online price with one of the discount websites. The hotel offered a fractionally better rate.Be aware that there are some smaller/cheaper standard rooms upstairs but we booked a luxury double for 99GBP and it was very good. Not huge but well furnished and appointed with a good bathroom. It opened out onto the basement courtyard.The included continental breakfast was a cut above the average. Hot beverages during the stay were free and there was no extra charge if you wanted breakfast in your room.All in all a well located little haven. Complaints? None really but if I were to be super picky the breakfast croissants were a tad sweet and the juice was not freshly squeezed - but this is being very critical. The breakfast was still way ahead of most included hotel continental breakfasts.The staff were pleasant and the hotel well furnished and maintained. It's not 'brain surgery' but it's amazing to see how many hotels fail to keep up standards, becoming shabby in a few months. If you can get a luxury room here for under 100GBP it is the best hotel value in London, period.	
Mar 7 2008 	Beautiful room!	I was looking for a Four Poster room to stay in with my boyfriend for his birthday last month. The hotel said they didn't have any available but that the Ottoman Suite was. I booked it for 150 pounds inclusive of breakfast. I got there before check in but the room was ready!The room was BEAUTIFUL. We lit the fireplace, the bathtub was amazing and easily fit two people. We had breakfast and champagne on the balcony and definitely enjoyed our stay. Anything of this quality would cost MUCH much more in London. The only downside was that there was a bit of noise (sounded like a blender or a vacuum?) in the middle of the night. But, my boyfriend was slightly bothered by it. I, however, sleep through anything! In short, would definitely stay here again. x	
Feb 18 2008 	Different friendly and good value	I've stayed at Twenty Nevern Square twice, and I would defintiely recommend it. It's beautifully and unusually decorated and even the standard rooms feel quite luxurious. The staff are helpful and polite, and the buffet breakfast is great - lots of good-quality croissants, fruit, muesli, pan au chocolat etc. Location-wise, it's extremely convenient for Earl's Court, which is literally just round the corner, and there are two Underground stations nearby.There are only two real problems with the hotel: 1) some of the rooms can be on the small side - I shudder to think what Americans would make of them; and 2) the soundproofing is non-existent. Other than that, though, I'd thoroughly recommend it. Luxury at a reasonable price.	
Feb 13 2008 	Great value and charm for London	I've stayed in lots of hotels in London over the years and this is certainly one of the nicest particulary as it is well priced for what you get. The hotel is charming, the staff are very friendly and helpful, the breakfast is excellent. The rooms are small, but in London it's difficult to find something large that's inexpensive. The hotel is well situated, close to the tube and there are several restaurants in Earl's Court Road. I will definitely stay here again and would recommend it highly.	
Feb 11 2008 	Great Find	My colleague and myself chose to stay at 20 Nevern Square after another colleague had a successful stay there. It is so near Earls Court, literally round the corner and up the street. We got a good rate of £79 per room including breakfast which was a really good choice of cold meats, cheese, fresh croissants/pastries yoghurts and fruits. When we arrived to check in I noticed that one room we had been allocated had been crossed out and a different room number had been added 'Rm 2' - I asked straight away why this was but I the level of English spoken was not great. I asked a few times but I was just met with blank stares. I found my room whilst my colleague was show to hers No 25. They did offer to show me but I was happy to find it on my own, Rm 2 is down the stairs in the basement. Large bed, complete with apple on linen napkin, plate and knife, nice furnishings, patio doors onto a small terrace, a rather stained carpet and lots of hanging cobwebs around the ceiling/wall. The bathroom fan was on - I had read previous reports that they go on forever so waited a while. The phone rang and it was reception saying that the lady guest had left a bag in the room and they would collect it! (obviously someone had checked in and moved rooms!) I looked around but couldn't find a bag. Within a couple of mins the member of staff knocked on the door and I said I couldn't find a bag - I also mentioned that the bathroom fan was still on - he said I had to keep the door shut but I hadn't opened it. He said it would go off in five mins - as I had already been in the room for longer than this I knew it was not the case. Eventually the fan went off - I opened the door and on went the fan and lights so I timed it - 12 mins! This might not seem to bad in the day but at night if you just want to nip in the bathroom for something 12 mins is an age. You cannot avoid the fan going on as the light is activated when you open the door so you cannot use the age old trick of leaving the shaving light on over the mirror - although do do this as well as it saves you being plunged into darkness mid shower! Nice Gilchrist and Soames toiletries in largish bottles. I spent a sleepless night as I was under the lounge area which has a tiled floor as did the corridor outside my room and of course the lift going up and down disturbed me, it wasn't that loud just often and as I was in bed 11pm ish it was very noticeable. At 0630 the staff were up and down the stairs many times the sorting the breakfast out. This woke me up so I got up. My colleague had a room with a split level with the bathroom below and bedroom above - unfortunately I didn't get time to see it. Be warned - you cannot get a phone signal in Rm 2 - I guess this is why the previous guest asked to move rooms. Breakfast was calm and relaxed the waiting staff were neither friendly or not. Newspapers are available. On check out I mentioned that the fan stayed on for 12 mins - I am pretty sure it went in one ear and out of the other! I cannot mark this guest house down because of my experience it was just the usual grumbles of staying away from home y some one who worked in the hotel business for 20 odd years! It is very near to Earls Court Road so lots of restaurants. I would stay again but def not in Rm 2. Oh and they need a duster on a cane.	
Jan 4 2008 	great small hotel	great small friendly hotel. very nice touches felt more like a b and b in the country, very homely feeling. in a nice quiet square two minutes walk from earls court tube station.a lot more soul than a chain hotel. very reasonable price for london. £105 for the standard double and £5 extra for the cooked breakfast, continental included in the room rate.about 7-8 stops to the west end theatres on the tube.will stay there again	
Dec 19 2007 	Really liked it but...	Twenty Nevern Square is a cute little hotel on a quiet, residential square. The hotel is very clean, the staff were all very helpful, and the buffet breakfast was just right. I booked a Luxury Double via the hotel's website (fast and easy communications!). I was given room number 6, whose door is on the 1st floor, but there are stairs up to the bedroom which is actually on the 2nd floor (cute!). The room is about 14' by 12' with a queen bed, two small night stands with more storage, a built-in closet, a small armoire with two more storage shelves that also contain a TV, DVD player and stereo system, and a small desk and chair. I had plenty of room to walk around the bed and store my suitcase. The bathroom is marbled, modern and clean.The Earl's Court Tube stop is about 5 minute walk away on Earl's Court Road. The road has plenty of little restaurants, a grocery store, and even a Starbucks. I felt perfectly safe walking around alone at night.While I loved the atmosphere of being in a townhouse it also meant that I had to deal with the thin walls and wooden floors (my upstairs neighbor loved to stomp around his room!). I would definitely recommend the Twenty Nevern but take caution if you're a light sleeper.	
Dec 18 2007 	Not what I expected	Our booking was through Londonnights for 5 nights stay, I was so looking forward to staying in this Hotel but I must admit I was slightly disappointed. We had travelled for 30 hours from, as one Brit put it, the bottom end of the world - New Zealand - and were completely exhausted having had no sleep at all on the plane. The first thing that happened was none of the staff would come and help us get our luggage from the street up the entry stairs to reception they just stood there and watched us struggle. After checking in we were shown to our room and I just wanted to cry, the room was so TINY (it really is the size of a single room with a double / queensize bed squeezed in) we couldn't even get our luggage ( 2 suitcases &amp; 2 carry on's ) into the room. The irony was there was a folding luggage rack but nowhere to put it. I went straight back down stairs and asked for another room and after a bit of tooing and froing was told there was no other room that night but that they would move us in the morning &amp; true to their word they did. Unfortunately we did not sleep well that night because the room being on the 4th floor was so hot even with the window open. The next room we were given (room 11 on 2nd floor) was much better and even had a little table and chair to sit at and space to move. After this our stay was much better although one night after returning from the theatre I asked at reception if we could have 2 hot chocolate drinks sent to our room, only to be told sorry no that it was after 11pm and the kitchen was closed - so much for the 24 hour drink service I was told we would receive.Overall Twenty Nevern is a nice Hotel, clean and well maintained with a lovely buffet breakfast, and I would probably stay there again but I would stipulate that I wanted a room of a reasonable size next time. The staff were generally helpful especially the housekeeper, but not a lot of smiles forthcoming.Just one tip about the sensor lights in the bathrooms - if like me you are not tall enough to keep them activated while in the shower I suggest you turn on the makeup light over the mirror and then you won't be plunged into complete darkness while washing :)	
Dec 1 2007 	Important! contact the hotel directly!!!	I booked a twin room for 3 nights some three months in advance via a well known website. Having received a confirmation code in August, I e-mailed the hotel directly just two days before my trip. They had never heard of me nor had they received my reservation. The website insist that they definitely sent my request to 20 Nevern Sq Hotel in late August. I don't know who messed up but our trip was almost ruined by this oversight. Consequently, I have never set foot in the hotel, but I advise great caution with the booking. Check and double check before leaving home!	
Nov 30 2007 	A delighful hotel!	Stayed 4 nights whilst attending a conference at Earls Court Exhibition centre - which is only 2 minutes walk away. The hotel was excellent. I usually only stay in 5 star hotels but this was the best rating hotel I could find within walking distance to my conference, so was a bit hesitant at how it would be. Well it exceeded all of my expectations. The room (with 4 poster bed) was quite spacious by London standards with very high quality furnishings and fittings. Extra little touches like dimmer switches on lights in the bedroom and the bathroom, a nice range of quality toiletries, and an apple placed in the room each day were nice. The complimentary buffet breakfast was outstanding with a great selection of fresh fruit, cereals, cold meat &amp; cheeses, and warm pastries. Hot and cold non-alcoholic beverages are included 24/7 either in the public areas or delivered to your room. The presentation &amp; cleanliness throughout the hotel was immaculate, and the staff were all very well presented and helpful. Oh, and the free wifi broadband was an excellent service that saves alot of $$$ compared to the prices charged by other hotels. Overall an excellent hotel that I will stay at whenever I'm attanding a conference at Earl's Court. Highly recommended.	
Nov 25 2007 	didn't get any sleep!	My wife and I booked the Ottoman suite for two nights in mid october for a romantic getaway from the kids. The hotel seemed very nice and the room itself was lovely, HOWEVER the Ottoman suite is a new room and unfortunatly when they fitted it out they didn't appear to worry about soundproofing the wall adjoining the private flat next door.We were kept awake from 12.30AM to 3AM by a child crying in the flat next door, the receptionist was polite and sympathetic but the hotel was full and there was nothing he could do (apart from give us tea in the lounge)Finally got to sleep at 3ish only to be awaken at 6AM by the very same small child, we then decided to check out a day early and write the trip off, the hotel would not give any form of refund on checkout and i finally (after several E-mails and several days) managed to get a 'goodwill gesture' of a refund for the night we didn't stay! (with no reference to the full price we paid for three hours sleep)In conclusion: Don't stay in the Ottoman if you want to sleep, and don't expect customer service if something goes wrong!	
Oct 29 2007	Lovely hotel.	We stayed at this hotel on the 19th October for one night, we were up graded to the pasha suite... fantastic. All staff were helpful, room clean, and a great find, will definately stay again. Ideal for a bit of site seeing a short walk from Earls Court tube etc.	
Oct 21 2007 	Excellent Hotel	Me and my girlfriend stayed here Thursday 18th Oct for 1 night as we went to see a show. What a fantastic hotel this in. We were ugraded to a suite. (Long name beginning with S, room 3 in basement) It was ammaculate. Very clean. Hotel staff were very friendly and couldn't do enough for you. Booked through londonnights.com at £99 for the room, and to get ugraded to a suite was fantastic. Highly recommend this hotel. Ideally situated as just 2 mins walk to the tube station around the corner.	
Oct 15 2007 	Ideally situated.	We have just returned from a weekend in London with an overnight stay at number Twenty. Fantastic value for London, very helpful staff, good buffet breakfast and a relaxed ambience all round. We were upgraded to a suite with balcony overlooking the square, the bed was the comfiest we have slept in for years, and the room was beautifully furnished.It is such a convenient spot as it is easily walkable to Kensington High Street and Kings Road. Definitely going to pay a return visit.	
Oct 8 2007 	Charming	A trade fair at Olympia, meant I needed to find a hotel for my Wife and I. Also, as this was the eve of our tenth anniversary, I wanted a decent one, without it being expensive. posh or stuck up. Having trawled through many internet pages, all the hotels in our required area seemed either not up to a reasonable standard or overpriced. I finally found Twenty Nevern Square, with it's excellent web site, fair and reasonable prices and helpful phone staff. On our arrival we were not disappointed. The area was very attractive with well kept period houses. The front was the hotel was very smart and tasteful. The lobby, reception and bar area were nicely decorated with a certain finesse. We had booked our car in. This was taken away by a member of staff to a secure parking area. whilst we checked into our room.I had booked what was called a Luxury Sleigh room. This was on the third floor. We used the lift, but I hate the claustrophobic feel of small slow lifts so opted for the stairs from then on. On entering, I was suprised at how small the room was. However, no one ever said luxury came in sizes, and where 'luxury' may perhaps be going a little far, the room was charming and well decorated with some very nice design features. A good size television and music system were behind a cupboard door should you require them.The on-suite was great and importantly very clean! The bathroom light and extraction fan came on automatically. Clever, but a little annoying in the middle of the night as they take what seemed about ten minutes to turn off again. This is after I've had to try and carefully climb over my wife without waking her as the bed is against the wall, being tight on space! The first night, the room was very warm. We are use to no heating and a large and airy room. The sash window would not open, and we wondered if this was for safety reasons, being high up. The next morning desperation for cool fresh air got the better of us and I soon realised it was just fresh paint that was keeping the window from opening. With a little persistence I soon managed to get the sash open. On going down to breakfast someone was mentioning to reception that their room was very warm, which was being well addressed by the staff.On returning that night the cleaner had left our window wide open! Better, it must be said, then a hotel which leaves its guests in cold rooms!The breakfast was excellent. Lots of different cereals, fruit croissants ... just about all you would want. You could get a 'English' cooked breakfast for more money, but why you would want to is beyond me. Complimentry teas and coffees are available any time from the bar.The owners and staff obviously take great pride in the hotel. All were cheerful friendly and helpful. I have written a couple of concerns, however, this is for the sake of giving a full appraisel. I couldn't honestly bring myself to give this hotel less than full marks.A very pleasurable experience. So much so we have already booked it again for next year!	
Sep 29 2007 	EVERYTHING WAS GOOD	This hotel is in a good location to trains (which we took to and from Gatwick Airport) and tube (which we used to travel in and about London). The Earl's Court area is a fantastic place to come back to at night. We often ate in the area and there are plently of places to choice. Our room was very small for a &quot;luxury double&quot;, which we booked directly with the hotel's website, but nice enough. I've posted pictures. The room was about 9 feet wide by 15 feet long, a double bed (which my husband and I found too small for two adults - and no upgrade was availble, we asked), a desk, a small table, a nightstand, a amoire that held the electronics - all in that space. The bathroom was all marble/tile and clean. While the bed was &quot;pretty&quot;, all the extra decor pillows had to be tossed off at night and our room was so small there was hardly a place to put them. The matching bedspread/comforter disappeared after the first housecleaning visit. After that we were left with only a sheet and light blanket. They sufficed since it was in the 60's while we were there. The carpet was dirty, but not bothersome. Bottled water and an apple were left daily by housekeeping. Check in/out was flawless, the front desk staff was courteous though sometimes not particularly helpful. For example when I asked for an upgrade they said to talk to the manager the next day. Seems ANY shift staff should be able to handle such a request. Our room was on the third floor (room 15) and had a very nice view and opening window. It overlooked Nevern Square Park itself and wasn't particularly noisy though it was street facing. The breakfast offered is gorgeous and the area in which you eat downstairs is nice and clean, courteous staff there too. Nice safe neighborhood day or night. I'd stayed here again but would definitely ask for a larger bed.	
Sep 23 2007 	Loved it...would definitely stay there again!!	It's small but very clean! Our room was basement level and our view was only the internal courtyard but it was tastefully done...oh and did i mention clean. The staff were very pleasant and the breakfast was excellent. The location was quiet but not out of the way. The nearest tube station was practically just round the corner. I would have no hesitation staying there again.	
Sep 19 2007 	Convenient and good choice for London	Stayed at thius hotel for several days. It is located about two blocks from Earl Court metro in residential area with many other small hotels. Several restaurants a few blocks away. Breakfast was nice and the front desk helpful. Nice hotel. Our room in basement was barely bigger than our large bed. However, room was clean and nice, but window looked out on basement area. Not cheap, but in good London location and easy to get to from Heathrow on metro.	
Sep 15 2007 	Good choice!	This is a pleasant hotel in a quiet residential neighborhood. It's a short stroll from either of the two Earls Court tube entrances, and it's not far from restaurants and entertainment options.We stayed in the Chinese room. By American standards (excluding NYC hotels), the room was small, but it was well appointed and comfortable. The view out the window onto Nevern Square was nice. Breakfast is available, so be sure to enjoy some OJ and Weetabix before you start your day. A computer with internet access is available in the lobby for a small charge. The front desk staff are very kind and helpful.	
Aug 17 2007 	Loved this hotel	Stayed here for 8 days. Loved the location, loved the room, loved the breakfast. I usually can't stand to be without air conditioning, but the room we were in got plenty of cool air during the night, it was quite, and very nice. Yes the bathroom light is motion activated, but we never had a problem. Staff was exceptional. My daughter also stayed a floor up from us and had a balcony room. The room was small, but sitting on the balcony was a pleasure in the evenings and mornings. Plan to visit again next year.	
Aug 14 2007 	average boutique hotel terrible staff and organizational methods	I stayed at Twenty Nevern Square while on a business trip a couple months ago. While there, I stayed in a room which was called a 'suite' but had no external windows. Nowhere on their site (or when I booked through them) did they mention anything about lack of sunlight fromt he outside world. There were heavy blankets draped over the curtain rods which would have been great if I had wanted to develop pictures at 3:00 in the afternoon. The door opened into a little courtyard where there was heavy foot traffic all throughout the day. They were also doing some sewer work when I was there and the area in which you accessed my room smelled of well, exactly what you'd expect a sewer to consist of. In the bathroom, the light is actually motion activated, so if your room gets at all steamy during your shower, your light will turn off and you'll have to open the shower door and wave your hand to get the light to go back on. The &quot;FREE wireless&quot; internet didnt work in the room and I had to either walk around with my laptop or sit in the lobby to check it. There are at least cool birds that enjoy watching you type away. However, with all the above issues, the proximity of this hotel to the office where I frequenty do business was is quite convenient. I travel to London about once a month from Chicago for work and its nice to be both close to the city as well as a short tube ride away from Heathrow. I contacted the hotel a couple months ago to book a couple rooms for a visit in September. I dedided that I'd give it another show and ask for a nicer room. I was offered one of their upgraded rooms (Ottoman Suite) and confirmed that I would accept it with the rate they provided me with. Although there was a bathtub in the middle of the room??? I decided why not.I heard nothing for several days and was contacted by the hotel a week later stating that someone reserved the room they had offered me with a &quot;credit card&quot; and therefore they would have to honor their reservation. They offered to give me a lesser rate on a smaller room and to give me complimentary english breakfast, which every guest receives for FREE! During this whole correspondence, I was emailed by 4 different people and none of them could seem to keep their stories straight. Basically what happened it someone looked to book their nicer room (the one I had reserved) for longer so they were looking to make a few extra bucks than to keep the loyalty of a repeat customer who had stayed there before and had given my word to stay there again. So again, the hotel is average at best, the english breakfast is okay if you like rubbery lunch meat and hard croissants. I've read in other reviews about being charged double on their credit cards and I can totally see this happening with their 1940s style of keeping track of reservations. They use a printed spreadsheet listing the different rooms by month!In the end, I would not recommend this hotel for the reasons stated above. I mean, the hotel has its &quot;charm&quot; but other London establishments have the same with a staff that treats you like they actually want you there, not just your money.	
Aug 14 2007 	Unfinished room	checking into the hotel we were given a 'new room' which turned out to be unfinished in that not everything was stuck down, the room was extremely small with no fan and was just overall unsatisfactory. They gave us another room that was much more to the standard we requested and the breakfast was good.	
Aug 8 2007 	Wonderful Hotel	Beautiful hotel. Rooms imaculately clean and staff always happy to help. Decor throughout is beautiful. Will definitely stay again!	
Aug 1 2007 	Value Plus	Stayed 2 nights at the beginning of June. Boooked via LondonNights (good rates for all of London). First night we had a very small but nicely furnished room in the basement, slightly stuffy and no outlook but bed was comfortable. Next day asked for a bigger room and that was promptly acted upon and that room was a really lovely one on the 2nd floor. Breakfast was fantastic, staff very helpful and friendly. Recommend to everybody as long as you don't have too much luggage (no place to keep it).	
Jul 27 2007 	What a find!	An excellent value. The staff at this small hotel was friendly and proactive. Newly renovated, this hotel features automatic lights, high-end fixtures in the (admittedly small) bathroom, and high-quality complimentary toiletries. The room was not huge, but beautifully decorated and had a TV, hair dryer, and a trouser press. The high-quality cold buffet breakfast--included--always had fresh tropical fruit along with several breads, cheeses, meats, yogurt, and cereal. We stayed for several days, intending to return a week later. When we did, we found our room had been upgraded to a suite at the lower cost because we were repeat guests. The hotel is a three-minute walk from the Earl's Court tube stop on the Picadilly Line for quick and direct access to central London; it is also on the District and Circle Lines for easy access to Notting Hill. I intend to stay again and already have recommended it to my colleagues.	
Jul 27 2007 	Fantastic Hotel!!!	I found this hotel through Trip Advisor and after reading the (mainly) good reviews, I decided to book through LastMinute.comWe stayed for two nights (Weds &amp; Thu). The hotel itself was easy to find and about 5min walk from Earls Court tube station.We were shown to our room straight away and were given a 4 poster room on the first floor (room 7). The room was lovely, absolutely spotless and the furnishings were very luxurious. We weren't too bothered about the size of the room as we were planning on being out and about most of the time anyway. The room was a little warm at times, but there was a fan and an air conditioning unit.The next morning we were asked if we could be moved to another room, and were given a free upgrade to the Ottoman Suite also on the first floor, and we couldn't believe our luck when we saw the room, it was huge! Three massive windows, a cast iron bath in the middle of the room, plasma screen on the wall, high ceiling and wet room/shower, plus the biggest bed I've ever seen! It was truly stunning!We had continental breakfast in bed both days and the service and food was always spot on.We found a real gem and would definitely come back again!	
Jul 25 2007 	OK but probably could do better	Stayed for five nights in the Terrace room. The free breakfast was wonderful and very filling. The full English breakfast (at an extra cost) was also excellent. The location can't be beat; the hotel is on a quiet street but the Earls Court tube station is a few blocks away. The area felt safe even at midnight. The stores near the tube station were open late as well. All of the staff were also very nice and helpful. The private terrace was nice, but we didn't get to use it because it rained every day we were there. (We still had a great time in London!)The room was nicely furnished but extremely small (normal for London given the price) and stuffy. There's a fan in the room but it was too noisy. Leaving the window/terrace door open a bit didn't help much. The bathroom light and fan are on some type of automatic control. It goes on automatically but goes off at the most inconvenient times, like when you're in the shower or on the toilet for more than a minute or so (!). The loud fan stays on after you leave the bathroom for about 10 minutes, but I understand this is a UK building requirement. The shower/water control was very difficult to work.I would hesitate to stay here again. Next time I'm in London, I will probably try the Mayflower instead. If I'm going to stay in a small room like this, I'd rather pay less. The Mayflower is owned by the same people and the rates seemed a little lower. It's on a busier street but it seemed tolerable. A friend of mine stayed there when I was at 20 Nevern and I saw her room....it seemed fine and she had no complaints.	
Jul 15 2007 	over-priced	not good value for money. the room was tiny and extremely warm with a window that had to wedged open with my book. The lights in the toilet were activated by sensors - which didn't detect you in the shower!!! On the plus side the beds were comfortable and the room was clean and tastefully decorated, although the furniture was too large. The breakfast was adequate but not exceptional.The area is great - plenty of bars and restaurants on earls court road and just a short walk from the tube station. The hotel did have a bar, not sure how it makes any money when its not open! Wouldn't stay here again in a hurry. I stayed in a hotel around the corner for half the price and got a room twice the size the last time I visited.	
Jul 13 2007 	Nice Hotel Convenient Location	Just stayed at the hotel this weekend on business. I found it on [--]for £79 per night including breakfast (good choice of food). My only complaint was that my room was too hot - No 20 on the fourth floor. Technophobes might take a while to work out how to use the TV and the shower controls. Other than that, it was fine and conveniently located near many restaurants on Earls Court Road.	
Jul 9 2007 	Great Quiet Location next to common and close to Earls Court Station	Twenty Nevern Square HotelOne nights stay (Saturday 2nd June 07) @ £109 for Rococo Room (given free upgrade to Ottoman Suite £250 +)Our flight from Sydney arrived at 7am and we arrived at the hotel a couple of hours later. Despite our request for the room to be made available ASAP because we would be jet lagged (this was requested when booked the room and also when arrived at the hotel), we were told that 2pm (i.e. the official check in time) was the earliest we could get into our room!20 Nevern Square is located just five minutes walk from the Earls Court station, which is on the boundary of the Underground’s Zone 1 and 2. We dropped off our bags at the hotel and caught the District Line several stations north and got off at Kensington Park. We easily filled the intervening time by strolling through the park and gardens until we reached the boat hire at Hyde Park. Many Londoner’s were making the most of this green space on this warm spring weekend. We were originally booked in for the Rococo Room. However, we were told when arrived back at the hotel after 2pm that we had a free upgrade to the recently renovated Ottoman Suite, which is their newest and largest suite. This is located on the 1st floor (which hashigh ceilings compared to the other floors) and next to the Pasha suite. It appears the proprietors have acquired the adjoining apartment and created an access way to it. The Otterman Suite was not listed on the website, but in comparison to the picture of the Pasha Suite, this must be listed as somewhere between £250 and £300. The room is stunning when you first walk in. The chandelier and free standing claw bath are both eye catchers. The latter is standing outside the glass fronted bathroom and in front of the gas fire. The room is decorated in sumptuous crème and contrasted with a vibrant blue feature walls behind the bed and fireplace. There are four floor to ceiling windows which look out onto the Nevern common park and also provides access to the half balcony containing two small chairs and table. The suite has a very airy feel to it and I estimate it would be 3 queen bed lengths long and 3 bed widths wide. The ensuite however isn’t on the same scale but the double glass doors means that it doesn’t feel cramped even though it is small.The room has a 42 inch plasma TV, DVD player (but you must provide your own DVDs!), iPOD mini stereo including remote, and free wi-fi coverage. All of these except the DVD player were used and much appreciated. The hot water to the basin and bath was not working. I was told that this was sourced from the adjoining room, It couldn’t be rectified that night, but we still enjoyed the claw bath by filling it with buckets of hot water from the shower, as this is heated by it’s own electrical element.The breakfast buffet is very nice and is served on the ground floor, where there are French doors that are open onto a small inner garden. A cooked breakfast is available at an additional charge and can even be served on the Otterman’s balcony.Lastly, I can say from the 3 staff members that I dealt with that they are genuinely friendly and helpful. Even the person on receptionduty was still friendly when we inadvertently woke him at 4am in the morning to go out and get some kebabs! He provided us with directionsto the Kebab shop (shops are mostly clustered around the train station entrance on Ealing Rd). I’m sure that even if we stayed at the Rococo room that we originally booked, despite it being smaller and less feature rich, we would have still enjoyed our stay at 20 Nevern Square.	
Jun 28 2007 	Loved it!	Beautiful hotel. Was booked for a 4 poster bed room, but ended up getting the Pasha Suite!! (Thanks!) Room absolutely gorgeous, with a long balcony to sit and soak up the sun. Overlooks a lovely little square. Quiet location which is a bonus. Unfortunately it does not have a restaurant, but there are plenty to choose from within 5 minutes walk of the hotel.Will definitely stay again!	
Jun 14 2007	Excellent Hotel - Value For The Money	Excellent hotel to stay. The staff were very friendly and helpful. Location is silent and easy to reach. The double rooms were a bit small sized whereas this is London. Expecting a larger one will not be fair.Whereas the Pasha Suite was just fine with the balcony.Fresh apples that you can collect everywhere in the hotel was a lovely detail.I advise the hotel.	
Jun 11 2007 	perfect place to stay	I have just returned from having stayed two nights at this lovely little hotel. I was a single person booked in a standard double at £89 for each night. My two friends stayed in a superior double. My room was on the top floor (there is a lift), and had only a shower in the bathroom, which was fine for me. I don't think I would have liked it for two people though. My friends room was bigger and had a bath too. Both rooms were quite warm but a fan was supplied. They were both spotlessly clean with comfortable beds, TV etc. Tea and coffee was served whenever it was wanted, including in the room, and was free of charge.The size of the room would probably be an issue with Americans as I would think they are used to large rooms. It must be remembered that this is an old Victorian house, not a modern tower block, so judge accordingly.For anyone wanting a lovely, comfortable and clean place to stay, with excellent service and beautiful decor and close proximity to Earls Court tube, I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel. I certainly will visit again, sooner rather than later!	
Jun 8 2007 	Good Hotel	Booked this hotel for 2 nights through hotels.com (which was not a good thing to do) and on arrival found out we were not on the system and the hotel was full. The hotel were extremely helpful and put us up in their sister hotel 1 street away without further charge. They also moved all of our things back to the hotel during the next day and upgraded us to a 4 poster suite.Apart from the small mishap, the hotel was great, very comfy, and happy to help. Breakfast was great, more than enough in the continental breakfast. I would definitely stay here again as it was only 2 minutes from earls court tube and quiet as it is away from the main roads and tube lines.Next time I will check with the hotel before leaving home :&gt;	
May 20 2007 	Excellent hotel beware of a small room ...	We enjoyed three nights at Twenty Nevern Square and would definitely return again --- as long as we were sure not to book the room we had the first night, a verrrrrry small 5th floor walk-up that was balmy even with chilly temperatures outside. After the first night we were moved to a beautiful room with a patio, four poster bed and spacious interior, which really made our stay. The hotel is in a very quiet area of town, and is convenient for traveling to the airport. I would recommend this hotel for business travelers and couples for a romantic boutique hotel getaway. Tourists who are interested in being in the heart of the city may find the commute a bit tiring. Hotel staff is attentive and friendly, with complimentary coffees, waters and excellent directions/concierge assistance.	
May 18 2007 	Great value good quality London hotel	Location=======The hotel is a few minutes from Earls Court Tube Station. The area is relatively quiet, with a large number of smallish hotels in the area. The main street, as you exit the tube station, has a variety of restaurants. A large number of which are fine, eg an italian, Nando's, Wagamama's, however, none I have found yet would be 'special'. There is a chemist, small supermarket and newsagents on the walk from the tube station to the hotel. The area can get busy if a large event is on at Earls Court itself, particularly the restaurants. The hotel is on a side street though and I've never found noise to be a problem.Rooms======I've stayed in 3 rooms, the junior suite, the terrace double and a luxury double which was possibly room 21 - it was on the 4th floor. All rooms have been clean and nicely furnished. Bottled water and fruit is provided as part of the room rate, along with tea and coffee which is freshly prepared and delivered to the room.The primary difference in rooms is the floor space. The junior suite was the largest of the 3 rooms, with a seating area, large tv, writing desk and floor space to spare. The bathroom has two sinks, a bath and shower. It is in the lower ground floor and looks onto a courtyard. The terrace double is a smaller room, with just enough space to walk round the bed, and a single sink and shower in the bathroom. However, this room has a large, private terrace with seating which we were able to make use of as the weather was nice during our stay. While the room size is adequate, other rooms would be preferable during the winter as the terrace would be of no use. My only gripe about this room was the lack of bedside table on one side of the bed due to space restrictions. The luxury double is essentially the terrace room without the terrace, although it does have a door that opens out onto a small area which is nice to let air into the room, although doesn't provide seating. However, it does have a shelf on either side of the bed! Food====Continental breakfast is included in rates quoted through the hotel. This is served in the dining area, which is a sun room at the back of the hotel. The dining area is quite small, with about 8 or 9 tables, but the hotel itself is small (about 25 rooms) and I haven't found that to be a problem. The continental breakfast is nice and provides a reasonable selection, consisting of a choice of 3 or 4 cereals, fresh fruit, cheese, ham, bread rolls, croisants, choc au pains, yogurt, juice and tea/coffee. Value for money=============All in all, twenty nevery square is excellent value for money in my experience, providing good quality, clean rooms and breakfast for in and around one hundred pounds a night - which is unusual in London.	
May 18 2007 	Nice place good location	Stayed for one night midweek whilst in London working. Was a little concerned about the place having read some reviews, but was pleasantly surprised on arrival. Things got better when we were upgraded to a Suite! The hotel was clean and we were well looked after during our stay - this included free tea and coffee from room service on request and a good continental breakfast included in the price.The location was handy being so close to Earls Court tube, so overall I cannot really fault the place. Recommended, but having a free upgrade obviously helped!!Would probably stay again if the price was right.	
Apr 1 2007 	Good all round choice in London	We stayed at Twenty Nevern Square for one night on a quick trip to London. All in all it was a positive experience. The hotel is located on a lovely quiet square only 3 minutes walk from Earl's Court underground. The staff were friendly and efficient and breakfast was a cut above the average. Our room was very small with just enough room to walk around the bed. It did, however, have the benefit of a large private terrace. On a beautiful sunny evening in Summer it would have been fantastic whereas on a rainy day in March I would have swapped for more floor space. I would definitely recommend this hotel and will use it again on my next London visit.	
Mar 28 2007 	Charming hotel very friendly staff good location!	Last december, we went for our honeymoon to London en we booked this hotel because of the reviews we read here on tripadvisor. The reviews helped us to find a very nice hotel!!STAFF: Twenty Nevern Square is a pretty small hotel, so the staff remembers their guests, which gives you a very welcome feeling. They are very helpfull, they don't expect a tip for everything they do for you. If you want, you can get free (continental) breakfast in your room, which looks lovely and you can order whatever you like. You get free tea and coffee all day, which they bring again to your room.ROOM: We had a room on the ground floor, which only could be entered via the courtyard. In the winter it wasn't the most pleasant thing, but not really a problem. It mus't be nice in the summer I guess. The room wasn't very big, 3 by 5 meters, with a loose bathroom with a shower in the bath. INTERNET: There is free wireless internet, and there is a computer in the really nice furnished lobby.LOCATION: The hotel is pretty close (two minutes walk) from Earl's Court metro station, where 2 metrolines stop (Piccadilly line and District line). Several buses stop nearby (1 minute walk). For example a bus which brings you straight to Notting Hill. One minute walk (the other way out of the metro station) brings you to a shoppingstreet with several nice(!) cheap places to eat (Pizza Express, Wagamama, and so on).NEIGHBOURHOOD: The hotel is situated in a very quiet victorian street opposite to a small public garden.CONCLUSION: We are definitely going back to London and without any doubt we will stay in Twenty Nevern Square again!	
Mar 3 2007 	Avoid this hotel at all costs	The rooms, location etc are irrelevant. The truth about this hotel is that THEY WILL STEAL FROM YOUR CREDIT CARD. We booked on the hotel website with one credit card. They immediately charged the full stay on that card. On checking in and showing another card, they charged that card the full stay too. We are four months into a battle which will probably end up in court to recover the double charge, which they flatly deny in the face of irrefutable evidence from the credit card companies that we have paid twice. As the Aussies in an earlier review found DO NOT BOOK THIS HOTEL because any change you make - even using a different credit card - will be punished with a double charge. The plague still exists in London, at 20 Nevern Square.	
Feb 27 2007 	Comfortable stay	great 6 day stay. Staff very pleasant. Breakfast was substantial, but not a hot breakfast. Stayed in rm 14 - 5 days ... for some reason, it was always warm (&amp; this was during Feb) - but with window open, the room was fine. Stayed in rm 9 - 1 day. Room much cooler. Both rooms small --- compared to US hotel rooms, but rm 9 seemed a bit larger - maybe because dresser/cabinent was not as large. Closet in Rm 9 was a bit smaller than in rm 14. For 99 pounds, couldn't ask for much more. Bar only was open until 11pm, and on Sundays, it closed even earlier. My british friend would have liked to have tea service in the room, but I didn't mind not having it. Could always get tea from front desk. Free bottles of water in room. Very clean. Both rooms had only a shower, no bath. Park/square across the street was clean, as was the neighborhood.	
Feb 20 2007 	Property satisfied our expectations!!!!	Just returned from five nights at this hotel; excellent location -within walking distance of Earl's Court station. The room was, not unexpectedly, somewhat small for a twin but the breakfast buffet made up for it. The staff were gernerally friendly, although they exhibited limited knowledge of the local area! I particularly enjoyed the free tea/coffee and made the most of this service. The rate of 100 Pounds a night would be at the high end of what this hotel is worth. I would definitely return at a somewhat lower rate.	
Feb 14 2007 	Little gem of a hotel	Just a short review for this one. My boyfriend and I travelled down on my birthday last year to stay. This is a lovely little gem of a hotel. The room was a double although quite little but I prefer this to them having disrupted the layout of the building too much as it is a lovely old georgian house. The only thing I would have liked would have been a mini bar and also a safe in the room which we did not have. We stayed down here during the heatwave last summer and without air conditionning it was very hot. We did have a fan in the room but this didnt make much difference. The television was quite old fashionned but I know that you don't go away to watch TV! Literally just around the corner from the tube station so excellent links and some lovely pubs nearby. Looking out of the window, it was nice to see the greenery of the square but there was rubbish strewn everywhere by local residents which detracted from the view slightly! I know that is not the fault of the hotel. Breakfast room and selection of food lovely, reception staff very helpful and friendly. Highly recommended.	
Feb 13 2007 	Aussies who had a great time	We are also an Australian family who took two teenage daughters for a stay 1st to 7th January, 2007. We found the staff, the facilities and the location to be excellent. Our daughtrers enjoyed their evening Hot Chocolate (complemetary) and we all appreciated the standard of our rooms and bathrooms. I did not think that the furnishings were of cheap quality. I was saddended to hear that the other Ausiie family did not have the best of stays as we cannot speak highly enough of 20 Nevern Square.	
Feb 9 2007 	very comfortable enjoyable stay	Booked with londonnights.com where it was featured as &quot;Hotel of the Month&quot;. We checked tripadvisor reviews before we booked and the hotel lived up to its reviews. Beautifully clean room with stylish four poster - Lovely shower and very clean bathroom. There was no tea making facility in the room so when we awoke at 5am (we are early risers) we phoned the night porter who brought down a couple of pots of Earl Grey no charge. Nice breakfast room. Smashing small hotel with lots of character. The manager recommended Zizzi's Italian on Earl's Court Road for dinner by the way - real Italian restaurant and proper Italian food - luverly. Thanks to all of the staff.	
Jan 30 2007 	Beautiful hotel!	Wow! I booked a four poster bedroom in this hotel as a birthday treat for my boyfriend, as I thought it would be a little more special than just your standard london hotel room. Let me tell you, I wasn't disappointed! The room was stunning - A few stairs take you down a small corridor, where you'll find a small but very nice marble bathroom. Carry on a little and you'll find a huge four poster bed with plenty of room to walk around. Good facilities too - DVD player, television, cd player and freeview. Nice big wardrobe with plenty of hangers (and a nice big full length mirror for the vain types).Ordered breakfast to the room in the morning and it came within 20 mins with plenty of food! Would thoroughly recommend checking this hotel out next time you stay in London!	
Jan 18 2007	The Pasha Suite Amazing Experience	I booked the pasha suite for 3 nights as a gift for my girlfriend. I spoke to sulai on the phone to arrange certain items, champagne, flowers and a few little extra's... I gave him my budget and he was able to sort it all out for me.. I also i mentioned that I did not want my girlfriend to know costs etc so he let me pay him the next morning. The room was amazing, flat screen tv, dvd player, cd player, marble tiled bathroom, power shower just amazing. Also i read in a previous review &quot;fake wooden floors&quot; let me assure you it is real wooden flooring with amazing furnishings, the bed was a four poster and was very comfortable. We had a great view over-looking the garden and the 24hour room service is top-notch. It's great going to a hotel and you don't have to lift a finger. As for breakfast, I had forgotten to put my breakfast list out, I rang down to reception and within 15minutes of my call Sulai once again sorted me out with a full continental breakfast which I arrived on a basket/tray which was fit for a king. Amazing stay and the girlfriend was very pleased.	
Jan 15 2007 	Should It Be Twenty NEVER(AGAI)N Square????	We booked four nights at Twenty Nevern Square in December - two rooms, one for us and one for our daughter and schoolfriend travelling with us from Australia. On arrival, and before checking in, we told Sulai at the desk that we had received a call immediately after arriving from Australia which meant that we had to stay for one night less than planned. He told us that we should have given seven days notice (WE HAD NO IDEA ABOUT THIS) and would be charged anyway...we hesitated about checking in but he said he would check with the management and he thought it would be OK.....so, we checked in, had a reasonable stay..........rooms small but clean......the hotel has been made to look 'trendy' but consists of cheap indonesian furniture made to look like a number of very expensive 'boutique hotels' in London. The floors are extremely slippery 'fake' wood so take care...breakfast very poor, ham smelled 'off', bread and pastries etc. One good thing, tea &amp; coffee was available on demand without charge....and arrived promptly.We eventually did stay for an extra night so the only change to our plans was that one room was not used for one night -which we had advised three days previously - We checked out, signed the credit card slip for the total agreed amount, and left......only to receive an e-mail a few days later saying that in spite of telling us at check-out that we would not be charged for a room we didn't use AND giving them at least three days notice, they had decided to charge our credit card anyway..without any authority or agreement from us....this is completely contradictory to any hotel we have ever stayed in. We travel widely and have never experienced anything like this before....we sent various e-mails back but were told in no uncertain terms that they have a very strict cancellation policy (even though it was not set out prior to our arrival). So, our advice is.......if you don't mind terrible customer service, credit card charges being made without your authority and after your departure, poor breakfast, cheap furnishings, go ahead and stay at Twenty Never(agai)n Square but don't say you weren't warned!!!!! P.S. The beds are also cheap and extremely hard!	
Dec 28 2006 	Small but nice	The room was small but comfortable, nicely furnished and clean. The bathroom was luxurious.The continental breakfast was ample and very good.The staff were friendly, and the Kensington location very pretty and pleasant.	
Dec 17 2006 	charming London experience	Like many other previous reviews, we found the hotel exceptionally clean, the staff friendly and helpful, and the location ideal for visits throughout London. During the four day stay, we did not observe anyone eating the &quot;full English breakfast&quot; (which was a 9 pound upcharge per person). The &quot;normal&quot; breakfast buffet included in room rate was quite adequate and included the following: chocolate and plain crossiants, wonderful fresh fruit salad, plate of sliced fresh fruit, 4 types of cheeses, 4 types of meat cold cuts, freshly baked rolls, muslix cereal, corn flakes, packaged wheatabix, strawberry yogurt, sour cream, milk, orange juice, teas, coffee, cappacino, jellies, butter. Complimentary afternoon coffee/tea in the &quot;lounge/bird room&quot; was a nice mid-day break. The lounge normally contained bowls of oranges, apples, crackery snack mix and peanuts.A computer with Internet access is available in the lounge for 2 pounds per hour. We found the room to be quiet and maintained at a comfortable temperature. Space in the room was adequate. There are two grocery stores (1 was Marks &amp; Spencer) and a Boots pharmacy just outside the Earl's Court Tube Station on Earl's Court Road. The Marks &amp; Spencer has packaged food suitable for a nice picnic. For those searching for rapid mediocrity, McDonalds, Burger King, and Benjy's can also be found on Earl's Court Road.Direct train service is available from Gatwick Airport to the West Brompton Station (which is a short walk - a flat third of a mile - from the hotel). This direct train to West Brompton actually transported us from airport to hotel as fast as the Gatwick Express would have, without schlepping luggage around Victoria Station (part of the &quot;Express&quot; experience). Train fee was 9 pounds each way, a little less if you also get an Underground Travel card for zones 1 and 2. The return train (West Brompton to Gatwick) may require a train change or two. Detailed schedules are online.We would definitely return to 20 Nevern Square.	
Dec 10 2006 	Great Hotel but could be quiter	Booked the hotel on the basis of the previous reviews and was not disappointed. The hotel is only round the corner from the tube station (Earls Court) and in a lovely square which is very quiet. The place its self was beautifully decorated and the staff were very nice. My only grumble was I booked a single room, which was in the basement level. This was fine until about 6 o'clock in the morning, when you could hear the cleaners moving around. This was because the cuboards with all their cleaning products etc were right outside my door. All in all the hotel is worth the money as you get a continental breakfast included, but I would recommend anybody booking the hotel, request they don't go in the basement level unless you have an early start or you are a heavy sleeper.	
Dec 8 2006 	Noisy but Nice	A lovely looking hotel in a good spot, not far from Earls Court Tube and a short ish walk to Exhibition Road. Quite a small room but very nicely decorated. Unfortunately the hotel was quite noisy, just with doors banging shut, the lift and the like but did enough to wake us both up. It was very cold during the night.With strict check out times (must be out by 11am or you will be charged) it was disappointing to be kept waiting for over 20 minutes at breakfast and then when we returned to the room to pack we found we were locked out. It must be said the owners have made a great effort to produce a lovely small hotel, it's just because it was a real treat for us to stay in London that these small disappointments seemed quite a big deal at the time.	
Dec 7 2006	Number 1 for London	I booked 3 rooms directly with the hotel for a Business conference my colleagues and I were going to for the weekend , I spoke to Sulai, who is just amazing and made all the arrangements for us.On arrival we were greeted by Sulai and the Porter who made us all feel very welcome, we did not have to l;ift a finger our bags were taken care for us and allocated to each of our rooms. The service was impecable throughout our whole stay. The decor of the hotel was lovely, the breakfast was awesome and the free WI-FI was ideal for all of us to get our work done. One of my Girlfirends summed it up the best bit was waking up in the morning and seeing Sulai's face, very handsome. We all look forward to returning to Twenty Nevern.	
Dec 6 2006 	An ok experience	The hotel certainly gives a good first impression. The furnishings are just beautiful and the hotel is in a great central location. Our room (No.15) was probably the smallest hotel room I have ever stayed in, although the decor was lovely and the room clean. On the down side, the room was incredibly hot to the point of being almost unbearable - depsite the heating being turned down and the window open. I was glad to leave the hotel after one night.The continental breakkfast was substantial and the dining room nice - we did however have to wait 20 minutes in order to get a table. At check out I was charged for something I hadn't ordered and had to point out this mistake to the receptionist.Would I stay here again? Probably not.	
Dec 1 2006 	Charming B	We stayed at 20 Nevern Square for 3 nights at the beginning of November. We needed a room that would accommodate the two of us and our 12 yr old son. We were told the 4 poster room would be suitable. It was a lovely room, in the basement. With the rollaway in the room there wasn't really any room for suitcases, etc but the room was nicely decorated. The hotel itself is in a great area, because the tube which is a lovely 5 minute walk through a pretty 'area is on the District and the Piccadilly lines so easy to get to the airport and also into the centre of London. On arrival we asked if the room had tea and coffee making, and were told that we didn't but any coffee or tea, either taken in the sitting room, bar, or our room was complimentary, including cappucino, etc. which was really great. Complimentary delicious fresh fruit was provided in our room and available in the sitting room which our 12 yr old who doesn't usually eat alot of fruit said was the best he'd ever had. The breakfast room was a beautiful atrium room and the breakfast was a very nice continental breaky. Overall, a great experience. The hotel is is a typical Victorian semi and beautifully decorated and maintained.	
Nov 28 2006 	A Little Gem!!!	I booked this hotel following the reviews I had read on this site so we were looking forward to our stay. Booked direct with the hotel, good communication and good responses to my emails.Went to London to see a show and xmas shop so only needed one nights stay, a bargain I would say at £55 each inc brekkie.We arrived 3 hours earlier than usual check in allowed but without hesitation our bags were whisked away and we were told to enjoy our shopping and our bags would be waiting for us on our return. We had a lovely welcome, lovely entrance hall, very friendly, helpful and very attentive staff they made us feel really special on our girlie shopping extravaganza! We were offered breakfast in our room the next day at no extra cost which we had - wow loads of food and beautifully presented, highly recommended.We had a twin room in the basement, with a small terrace, rm 2. It was a decent size, tv, radio, cd player, hairdryer, bathrobes with a lovely ensuite, fab shower, comfy beds.My only criticism and its only a very very minor one - our room was quite noisy from about 7-8am from hotel staff, they were obviously getting breakfast ready but after a late night it would have been nice to have a bit of a longer lie in.Next time I think we'd request a room on a higher floor.On checking out at 10am, again the staff were exceptional and offered to store our bags - and there were loads of them - till we shopped some more, they were waiting for us on our return late afternoon. Great service.I can highly recommend this hotel, its a little gem, 2 mins from earls court tube station. Now we have found this one we will without doubt recommend twenty nevern square to all our friends. We hope to return again soon.	
Nov 10 2006 	Fab hotel!!!!!!	We spent last weekend at the 20 Nevern Square hotel and loved every minute of it!!!! From the moment we arrived until we collected our bags when returning home, we couldn't fault it!We arrived early on the Friday and were unable to check into our room. This was fair enough as it was only midday. We were able to leave our bags and were advised that they would be placed in our room ready for our return. Much better than having to collect them and struggle up to the room ourselves!!!On our return, we went straight to our room, which was number 16, on the 3rd floor. The decor was very suble and it was nice to see quality fixtures and fittings, instead of the usual mdf units!!!! One downside is that there is very little storage space - 1 small cupboard - and nowhere to put suitcases. Only really a problem if you're staying for a week. The bathroom was fine. It was well lit and had a decent shower. No bathrobes though!!!! I admit that the room is very small, even by London standards, however this is a townhouse hotel and not a purpose built chain hotel! The smallness of the room is completely forgotten as soon as you step out of the french doors on the absolutely fantastic decked terrace!!!! If you were to buy a property with this feature in London, it'd cost you thousands!!!!The bed was comfortable and I had no problems sleeping. However, the room was more than a bit warm and it maybe that it's too warm during the hotter summer months. It was one of the coldest nights of the year so far (-4 in London) and we still had to sleep on top of the covers with the french door slightly open! However, not a major problem and it is worth remembering that this is a boutique hotel in an old building so there are no bulky air conditioning units in the room. This would spoil the style of the room way too much!On our first morning, we ordered breakfast in the room (shame it wasn't warm enough to sit outside). This was at no extra charge like it is in most other hotels, which I thought was a great touch. We thought we'd probably get smaller portions, but no chance!!!!! We got everything that was available in the downstairs breakfast room and probably ended up having a far bigger breakfast than normal!All in all, I cannot fault our stay at 20 Nevern Square. The room was fantastic, the staff were really pleasant and helpful and the location was great - only 2 minutes walk from Earls Court tube station. I can't wait to return to 20 Nevern Square in the summer when I can have my excellent breakfast on the fab terrace of room 16!!!!!!	
Nov 9 2006 	Awesome	After reading some reviews about this hotel, I thought that this was my hotel.I wasn't expecting a lot, just a nice little hotel, but when I arrived there I discovered that it wasn't just a nice little hotel. The staff were very very helpful, the porterage came to help me with my luggage (Porterage in a 4 stars hotel in London? Yes - amazing)Then I saw my room, the number 10 (for single use). The room was small but the furniture was really nice. The bed was awesome and the bathroom clean and useful.The quality of the breakfast was also good, however, there was no much choice. Anyway, for the price I paid for the room, this is an awesome hotel, the best price-quality relation I've ever seen, and this, in London, is very very strange.I would really recommend this hotel to everybody.	
Nov 1 2006 	A Pleasant Surprise!	I went to London for a conference and decided to stay a few extra days to see the city. After reading reviews, I booked three nights at Twenty Nevern Square.The staff were friendly and very accomodating and even let me check my bags in the morning before check-in time so that I could catch a West End show. While the room was a little on the small side, it was well furnished and had the most amazing little bathroom I've ever seen for such a small hotel. Everything except for the ceiling was clad in beautiful stone tile.The continental breakfast was delicious and hassle-free. I was able to pop in, eat some yummy croissants and cheese on bread, then walk a few blocks to the tube to be anywhere in London in less than an hour.My only complaint was that it was expensive for an American (about $160 a night when you added everything up, including the horrible exchange rate between the dollar and pound) -- but that's actually cheap for London! The quality for that price, relatively speaking compared to other places in London, was great. I would stay here again.	
Oct 21 2006 	Amazing Experience- Twenty PERFECT Square	I decided to visit London for a weekend break and to do some much needed shopping. After looking around Twenty caught our attention for its fantastic reviews, my fiance and I have a new name for the hotel, we call it Twenty (Perfect) Square. I made the booking directly, the response time to my email was about 5 minutes, that alone impressed me. I made a booking with Mr. Sulai, a true gentelman. We arrived at the hotel and I was taken back by the Indonesian look (I love the Eastern look). The Receptionist welcomed us, the hotel staff were polite making us feel welcome. The check-in was informative, I liked the Breakfast in bed on trays part the most. We were escorted to our room by the porter carried our Luggage. We stayed in the Courtyard, the room was lovely, it was soo cosy, wooden floors, lovely silk linen, it was very clean. While I was admiring the decor, my fiance was playing around with the flat screen tv and cd player. To the Breakfast, the fresh fruit and yoghurt did it for me. My fiance Greg opted for the Full English for the 2 days we were there. We had a fantastic weekend.All in all I can speak highly enough of this well run establishment. Everyone was soo sweet and helpful and made our stay truly enjoyable. I am inclined not to believe everything I read but what they say about Twenty PERFECT Square is all true.	
Oct 21 2006 	Nearly perfect	If you don’t need porridge in the morning, Twenty Nevern Square is an extraordinarily nice and affordable place to stay. I was only going to be in London for one day, so I decided to try a new hotel. If it turned out to be awful, it was only one night. In terms of location, Twenty Nevern Square was a good compromise between central London and Heathrow on the Piccadilly line. The Earl's Court Tube station, which has a lift for luggage, is only about two short blocks away. At 79 GBP from LateRooms (including continental breakfast and VAT), Twenty Nevern Square also was a bargain. Yet, the hotel met or exceeded my expectations in nearly every way. I was informed at check-in that I could have breakfast delivered to my room if I wished and complimentary coffee or tea could be delivered at any time. My single room, which overlooked the Square, was spacious and pleasantly decorated, but not too fussy. With the window closed, it was blessedly quiet for sleeping. Amenities included a bathrobe, a safe, bottled water, and an apple. The staff was completely pleasant and helpful. When I wanted to go out to walk about and get dinner, I realized it had begun to rain and I had no umbrella. I asked the employee in reception if the hotel had an umbrella to borrow. It did not, but without a moment’s hesitation she simply loaned me her own umbrella. That exceeded my expectations. All I had to do was return the umbrella before she went off duty that evening, which was no problem at all. My only quibble with the hotel: no porridge for breakfast (continental or cooked) and I never did figure out how to operate the remote controls for the TV and its appendages.	
Oct 19 2006 	Beware room 23!	Booked this hotel for a 2night theatre break after reading the reviews on this site. We arrived late-ish (after 9pm) and were given a &quot;luxury double&quot; in room 23 on the &quot;lower ground&quot; (i.e. basement) level. After negotiating through the labyrinth down there (improve your signs!) we entered a well decorated - but VERY small - room. Despite this being a &quot;double&quot; room the bed was infact a 3/4 size and not long enough for me to lie on without my feet sticking off the bottom (I'm 6' 2&quot;). The room was so small that there was only an 18&quot; gap at the bottom of the bed to get to the other side of the room (and bathroom) as much of the remaining space had been taken up with a shelf holding the TV and stereo system. There was nowhere to put your suitcases and the storage was 2 small fitted wardrobes.The laminate wood floor was very shiny and slippery in stockinged or bare feet.The bathroom was the major problem. The floor looked dirty (there was some nasty looking brown stains around the base of the toilet pedastal) and the quality of the tiling on the floor was atrocious. Some tiles were also missing from the &quot;shower&quot; area. The shower was a fixed head type over one end of the bath - and that was all, no shower curtain or screen so when the shower was used water inevitably splashed onto the floor and there was no drain for it to clear away in! The quality of finish in the paintwork was also poor, this whole room looked like a DIY bodge job!All in all not what I expect for £100 per night!We naturally complained that the room wasn't up to standard and we were assured that we would be upgraded to a larger room, but only the next day. The hotel was fully booked so we had to put up with it for the first night.Credit where it's due, the staff were good to their word and upgraded us to room 7 the next day - a four poster in here on which I fitted no problem. If I could give 2 separate scores for the 2 rooms then I would.	
Oct 18 2006 	Nice location confortable and quiet hotel	We just come back from a 3 nigths stay to Twenty Nevern Square Hotel. We choose the Double luxury accomadations. Our room was clean and not too small for european standard.I was just surprising to read all those exceptionnal and EXCELLENT comments on service at this hotel. The service is good yes.... Yes we meet Sulai one time during our visit. But too munch people work at the service desk of this hotel. I think we saw more then 5 differents people at the reception during our visit. (one at time) We love different culture and different people. But the con of immagrated to welcome us at the hotel is they don't know the neigboorhood and was not able to suggest us good restaurants or other. But everybody did nice effort to help us. (but I think it's a general situation in London - most of the people who work with tourist in restaurants and in hotels are outside from London or outside from England).Another con is the difficulty to close our window in the bathroom... We was not able to completely close and the night was cold during our London stay. The continental breakfeast include is perfect! Good coffee and good hot chocolate!!!Good isolation in old building is a good thing. We sleep well !!! Good matress too!The location is perfect, near of the metro. And the small streets beside is just the idea I got previously of London :-)We enjoy our stay and recommand this hotel to everybody who visit London.	
Oct 11 2006 	Brilliant!	My wife and I stayed at 20 Nevern Square for 4 nights as part of our honeymoon.The hotel is beautifully decorated and the staff is extremely friendly. The beds could be a bit more comfortable, as they are quite soft - but I do like a hard matress. The continental breakfast is great - ask for a free upgrade to the Full English Breakfast and the hotel will likely oblige. The surrounding area is very quiet and safe and is only a short 3 minute walk from the Earl's Court station.We will definitely be returning to 20 Nevern Square!	
Sep 20 2006 	Perfect location and lovely hotel	We were pinching pennies at the end of our trip, so we opted to stay out of central London, which was a great decision. We liked the Earls Court area and we liked the hotel. The room was incredibly small, but since we were only there to sleep, I really cannot complain. They'd thoughtfully provided a fan for us, which made the weekend of 75 degrees + temperatures bearable. Breakfasts were very nice and the staff was very friendly. As we were checking out they desk clerk asked if we wished to stow our luggage until our flight, which gave us the opportunity to do one more museum before we left. All in all, a lovely experience.	
Sep 18 2006	Lovely lovely lovely!	It's the best hotel I've ever stay in. Little, cosy and sweet, it's situated in a quiet greeny area 5 min walk from subway station. Our twin room was small, but comfortable enough not to trip on each other. Room service was exellent, stuff was friendly, helpfull but unostentatious - i like it. Were is my suitcase? I want come back to my London weekend in Twenty Nevern Square!	
Sep 11 2006 	will not stay anywhere else in London	Stayed here twice during my last trip- in mid August and early Sept. Like almost everyone else I have nothing but praise for this excellent small establishment. Can't believe I even considered staying elsewhere when planning this trip. The rooms are exquisite; the staff genuine, accessible and attentive to a fault while remaining discreet; the included breakfast enough to recomend this hotel alone! Stayed in a luxury double (rm 15) on the 2nd floor and had a free upgrade to a 4 poster room (rm22) on the lower gd the 2nd stay. Both were beautifully furnished, well maintained, included a safe and had adequate space. The photos on their website are a true and accurate reflection of what you will find when you arrive. The small touches like fresh bottled water and fresh fruit replaced each day are just a small example of the attention to detail that makes this hotel the perfect London base. Little tip- room service breakfast is free and delivered within 10 minutes of phoning up and includes everything from the buffet so if jetlag is making getting going in the morning hard why not spend a little longer in their comfortable bed? The fact that the hotel is located so handily for the tube to central london and heathrow, close to supermarkets and reasonable restaurants, while being in a quiet residential street is icing on a cake that doesn't need it. For the price, or even a whole lot more, I don't think you can do better and will be recommending twenty nevern square to all my friends - in fact already have. Returning for our 2nd stay was like returning home and twenty nevern was hands down the best hotel of our trip. And Sulai needs nominating for best front of house staff in London- that man is a gem.	
Sep 5 2006 	Highly reccommended! Will definitely return!	I had not visited London in 10 years and was quite anxious to find just the right place for a return visit, where I was bringing my Mom for a 60th birthday gift. Remembering that London hotels can be no better than a closet with a bed and after reading the many mixed to horrifying reviews on websites like Tripadvisor, I was worried to say the least. Can a clean, stylish hotel that isn't a shoebox not cost an arm and a leg?After extensive research and worry, I booked an eight night stay at Twenty Nevern Square. I was relieved and very pleased to find that the hotel's website and their Tripadvisor reviews were spot on. I loved this hotel and will definitely return for another stay. The luxury twin room we had on the 1st floor was exactly as pictured on the website. Smallish but cozy for two, the room was beautifully decorated. There was a fan, in room safe and high ceilings with a large window overlooking the back garden cafe area. The bathroom was very small and there was a cracked floor tile, but the lovely marble, decorative accents, toiletries and bathrobe were great. There was also free bottled water. I echo the same complaint about the timer on the bathroom light - without fail, while I went to wash my hair, the light would always go off and I would have to open and close the door to get it going again. Otherwise, it was lovely.Service was SO wonderful. Everyone we encountered at the hotel were friendly, helpful and kind to us. Our stay was enjoyable through their hard work. There are free apples and tangerines. The free portion of the daily breakfast was lovely. Use of the Internet in the lounge costs 2 GBP an hour.Centrally located, 2 blocks from the Tube (where there's the post office, supermarkets, restaurants, etc.). Quiet street with no noise. Great, great, great place. I'm definitely staying here again the next time I visit!	
Aug 12 2006	Quaint and Charming	This hotel is a little gem. It is well located in Earl's Court, one street back from the main road and situated on a quiet square in a very traditional setting. The rooms are beautifully decorated and comfortable. The breakfasts were excellent and the staff were very helpful and accommodating. Highly recommend Twenty Nevern Square.	
Aug 7 2006 	More good than bad	This hotel was in a decent location with friendly good service, Great Breakfast and cafe staff . The room #10 that we stayed was nicley decorated, and very clean. A little on the small side. It is not air condtioned, and most the time it is not needed, but the few nights in August we were there I would have slept better. The other small complaint is the automatic light in the bathroom was on the annoying side. Taking a shower, or sitting on the toliet without enough movement shuts off the light after 1 minute. You have to wave your arms in the air every minute or your in the dark.All in all it was a desent hotel, but always room for improvment.1. Do something with that batroom light2. Be more informed on the local restuarants and events3. A fan that pulls the air from outside into the rooms for those hot days. My favorite restuarant in Earls court....Masala zone Indian restaurant on Earl court rd. ...Best Indian and Thai food I have eaten.	
Jun 29 2006	our new fav place in London	We had to find a place to stay in a hurry. We went to Trip Advisor and found 20 Nevern Square. By reading what others had written and using our previous experience in the UK &amp; Europe we found a VERY NICE place at 20 Nevern Square. Two factors make a good hotel – the staff and the physical surroundings (especially the bathroom). The staff at 20 Nevern Square were sincerely attentive to our needs and paid attention to detail that would make an Army Sergeant Major proud. One day we were constantly in and out of our room until about 4:00 p.m. None the less when we finally went out for the day and came back, the room had been thoroughly made up and cleaned. I have been in 4 star places where that wouldn’t have happened that late in the day without asking for it. The room was small by US standards, but London is not in the US. It was spacious enough for us to be comfortable and the furnishing and décor were very pleasant. The bathroom was spanking new and sparkling, but again not as big as most US bathrooms. So if you want big open spaces, pay a lot more or stay in the US. If quiet, clean, comfortable and reasonably priced is for you then stay at 20 Nevern Square.Three more plusses – short walk to Tube Station; short walk to many reasonable / family restaurants and quiet neighborhood.	
Jun 15 2006	Top marks for 20	If, like us, you arrive by tube, don't be put off by Earls Court Road. Although the hotel is only a few minutes away, it feels like it is in another world. The area is lovely and peaceful. The hotel is thoughtfully decorated, no bland business decor here. We were in room six which has quite a steep staircase between the entrance door and the bedroom itself. Our only quibble was that the doors tended to slam and the person above us seemed to have a particularly heavy tread so there was no sleeping in in the mornings. Having said that, the breakfast was definitely worth getting up for. The fresh fruit salad was just that (no tinned fruit here) and the pastries were delicious. I was a little surprised by the note informing us that check out was at 11am sharp and that every hour after that would incur a £20 fine. The staff were, however, happy to store our luggage until our late evening departure. I would definitely stay here again and would highly recommend it.	
May 31 2006	An oasis in the city	We stayed at Twenty Nevern Square this May for 3 nights and we were not dissapointed. The hotel is not too expensive (for London!) and we have only positive comments. It is located in a great neighbourhood and if you are travelling by tube, it is a 3 minute walk from Earls Court station. We had a room facing the park which was small but nicely decorated and spotless. The staff was professional and helpful. The breakfast which is included in the cost of the room had a good selection and the coffee was great. We had a late flight leaving and they readily agreed to let us leave our luggage there for the day after our checkout. In a nutshell, we highly recommend it and would return. Great value for the cost.	
May 25 2006	An absolute gem	My husband and I booked this hotel for a one night break in London after seing a review in the Daily Telegraph and can only say that the review did not do it justice. The service was excellent from our very first email and telephone contact with Sulai. He made us so welcome on arrival. Yes the room is a little on the small side but so what. It was beautifully decorated and appointed, spotlessly clean and had an extremely comfortable bed. The bathroom was on the small side but again spotlessly clean. Tea and coffee were available at all hours and breakfast the next day was easily the best continental breakfast we have ever had. We loved all the fresh fruit. All the staff were charming and helpful. We shall definitely stay there again. The location is superb - only minutes from the Tube.	
May 21 2006 	A little gem.	The hotel is ideally situated, 3 minutes walk away from Earls Court tube station. As soon as I walked in, I knew it was a good choice. Clean and welcoming, with a small nicely furnished sitting room and beautiful breakfast conservatory. I had room number 12, a twin, which was spotlessly clean but was a little small. It was fine for me as I was travelling overnight on business alone, with little luggage; but two people and suitcases would have been cramped.The room had a TV with digital channels and a CD player; built in wardrobes and a safe. The bathroom was fully tiled, modern style handbasin, spotlesssly clean with robe and great toiletries. The shower, in it's own cubicle (no bath). The bathroom was again rather small, but fine for me. I agree with the automatic light comments, as when in the shower, the sensor does not pick your movement up and the light turns off, so you have to open the door and wave. Ha!The staff are extremely friendly and make you feel welcome, the breakfast was delicous and I would definately stop there again. It really is a little gem, ideally located, offering great value for money and a break from traditional hotel chains that my company always try and make us use.	
May 19 2006	Location! Location! Location!	I can NOT say enough about this beautiful hotel!!! It was so lovely it was hard to tear myself away and explore London and all it had to offer. This was my first trip abroad and I was not sure what to expect....the hotel staff did NOT let me down. Located in Earl's Court, in a quite residential neighborhood, you are literally right around the corner from the tube station. The breakfast was a lovely continental spread with cheeses fruit pastries etc hardy enough to fill you up for a days worth of sight seeing. I booked my room through DiscountCityHotels(-) and got a good rate of 99.00 GBP (187.00 US) per night for a four poster room which more than met my expectations. If I had anything negetive to say it would be that at the time of my stay (March 16-19, 2006) the web page was not clear about the on site parking. It stated parking was on a first come first serve basis, but in fact you need to book the parking facility when you book your accommedations. The staff quickly addressed the problem for us securing parking at another hotel, and for the inconvienence upgraded us to the BEST room in the hotel. I am hoping to return to London again later this year, and I will not hesitate to book my room at Twenty Nevren Square.	
May 18 2006	Wonderful place with excellent service	We stayed here for four nights and not only was our room fantastic (Pasha Suite) with a lovely balcony overlooking a park, the bathroom was spacious and we had a separate tub and shower. The regular rooms on the 2nd floor also looked nice as I peeked in once when housekeeping was inside. But the best thing about this place is the service. The staff was excellent and made you feel as though they care that you were happy with everything about your stay. For a small townhouse hotel I was surprised by this level of service. We arrived at 9 am and though our room wasn't ready (but occupied as we knew it would be) they offered us breakfast. We were full from the plane meal but did have beverages while they stored our luggage and sent us on the way to the tube which is less than five minutes away. The only minor complaint I had was the bathroom light is on a sensor so you can't turn it off at will....this is a problem in the middle of the night when the light is beaming into the room and it seems that each bathroom light was the same. For everything else it couldn't be beat for value. The breakfast (included in rate) was very good and there were nice robes in the room and they would serve you coffee and tea throughout the day without charge. I highly recommend this place if you like to stay in a peaceful neighborhood with no horns waking you un in the middle of the night. Special thanks to Sulai at the front desk who was probably the most thoughtful person we encountered on our trip. Twenty Nevern Square is like a precious jewel in a sea of mediocrity.	
Apr 27 2006 	My advice: Stay Clear!	I had a terrible experince with Twenty Nevern and was reminded of it when friends asked if they should stay here. It was in the weeks after 9/11 and when I arrived they had double booked my room (something called the Pasha Suite). The alternate room was dingy and dark (and frankly smelled off to me). I decided to move hotels and was twice assured no charge would be made to my credit card (the front desk &quot;manager&quot; even telephoned his manager to confirm!) - when I got my credit card statement, they, of course, had charged my card. I disputed payment and had a 6 month e-mail trail of changing stories and finally outright lies. I ended up givng up and paying. I found Earl's court to be an okay but very remote area. You can do better in London which is a great town.	
Apr 18 2006	Great Quiet Townhouse Hotel	We stayed 3 nights midweek at the start of April 2006 and were pleasently surprised by the hotel. On arrival we were allocated a brand new room (the hotel seems to be expanding into neighbouring random spaces), which was in the basement under the breakfast room. The room (no. 3) was quite swish with a new style four poster bed, though we had only paid £90 per night for a 'delux double' directly through the hotel. It had a 3/4 length bath and seperate powerful shower in the bathroom. We were pretty pleased. The room was a little dark for our liking, but was very private.The next morning we heard a fair amount of noise from the neighbouring kitchen and could hear footsteps from the breakfast room above (though we are light sleepers), but the staff on reception were very helpful and found us an alternative room without question. We ended up being upgraded to a lovely four poster room opposite reception (Room 4) with no extra charge, which was fairly peaceful. We were impressed.The staff at reception were helpful during our stay and the continental breakfast included in the room rate was good (though if you want a large selection of pastry/bread etc, you might be disappointed) and satisfied us.To summarise - a very good deal for a nice double room in a quiet square in central London. We would consider staying again next time we visit London.	
Mar 21 2006	Mixed experience	We stayed at 20 Nevern Square for 2 nights last weekend. We had a good rate of £90 per room per night thru Late Rooms.In my booking I requested a space in the advertised Hotel Car Park (£20 per night) as we could not take the train due to industrial action and the lack of availability from Cornwall. I did receive a call to say they would sort this out.On arrival I was told the carpark was full and I could park at Homebase 5 - 10 mins walk away. Beatrice (the very helpful receptionist) got a porter to help me find somewhere close by - but to no avail. I was not happy with this and eventually the manager booked me in to the hotel K &amp; K George to park which fortunately we did.The bedroom (room 10 on 2nd floor) was probably the smallest room I have ever stayed in. However it was immaculately clean and beautifully decorated. The marble bathroom was also immaculate with bath/shower and toilet.Breakfast was a superb continental buffet with everything cooked fresh and very tasty. There is a full english available for £9, which some people had and again looked great, but we did not need it as the continental buffet was great.We were 2 mins from Earls Court Road (try Benito's Italian Diner - awesome tasty food and amazingly friendly service at incredibly cheap prices) and 12 minutes walk from London Olympia - so very convenient.On balance, I think we would stay there again - provided we could have a different room and the same parking arrangements.	
Feb 13 2006	Fabulous!	Stayed here for two nights. Nevern Square is within 3 minutes of Earls Court tube, but very genteel and quiet. Check-in was very straightforward, having booked direct by phone at the rate of £109 for a four poster room. The staff were welcoming and helpful. Every dealing with them was pleasant.Decor throughout is beautiful. Our room was luxurious, warm, very clean, and well equipped. Despite its location directly opposite reception it wasn't noisy. Gilchrist &amp; Soames toiletries, bathrobe, thick towels, plus the complimentary apple! Hot drinks delivered to the room whenever requested were a lovely touch. We managed fine for space, and it was good to have a CD player and digital TV.Meant to have the full english breakfast, but the continental was so enticing we didn't need to. Fresh fruit salad, and the pain au chocolate are unmissable.Nice looking bistro cafe, and a small lounge with fire burning. A very enjoyable break and will definitely go back.	
Feb 10 2006	Very pleased with our stay	Our stay at Nevern Square was a comfortable one. Our room was small, but pleasant with a stairway leading up to the room. The bathroom was in perfect condition and looked brand new.I particularly liked the decor of the whole place, all dark wood and warm colours. Breakfast was a treat - croissants, fruit and yoghurt were such a nice change from the usual bacon-beans-and-eggs breakfast you´re usually served in the UK. Staff members were friendly although a bit impersonal, but I guess that´s London. Yes, rooms were small but again, that´s typical of London hotels and I´ve seen much worse.Nevern Square is on a quiet street facing a small square so no traffice noise here. There´s a five minute walk to Earl´s Court tube station. Would definetely stay here again.	
Feb 1 2006	Delightful hotel great value and location	We loved our stay; our twin room was smallish, but cozy, extremely clean and functional. The breakfast is good and the staff was absolutely the best - helpful in every way. The location is less than a block to the subway line to Heathrow and anything in London. My only warning would be to avoid a room in the basement - you can hear every footstep in the lobby up above. When requested, we were immediately moved.	
Dec 17 2005	Style and good price	This is an excellent hotel for the style and price on offer. Not far from the train station, the staff are friendly and helpful, the rooms are small but elegant and clean, and if you are looking for great value this is the place. Can get a little hot in the summer months, however.	
Nov 21 2005	Great value	Booked two nights at twenty nevern square after good reviews on trip advisor. Got a very good rate through 'bookings' and wasn't disappointed. Reserved a four poster room as reviews said these were larger. Room was fairly compact but more than adequate and there were nice touches like bottles of water in the bathroom and a large fresh apple each day. The staff at the hotel couldn't do enough to help and were polite, friendly and attentive. The inclusive breakfast was very good and freshly brewed coffee was available free of charge throughout the day. A cosy, small bar area with comfortable sofas and a fire was welcoming and drinks were fairly priced. Within walking distance of High Street Kensington and a two minute walk to Earl's Court tube, the location is excellent. No complaints whatsoever for the price paid and if we found a good price on the internet again for twenty nevern square, we would have no hesitation in snapping it up. Well recommended!	
Sep 18 2005	Delightful clean exceptionally well run	Only the room size stopped me from giving this very well run and very clean hotel an 'excellent'. We stayed in room 15 (overlooking the square) which clearly was formerly one large room but now divided. Consequently, the double size bed (next size down from a queen size) was alongside the wall - annoying when needing to get out of bed during the night. Also, so as to have a reading light, we moved the wall table &amp; lamp to behind the bedhead. The bathroom was small but v clean &amp; well lit. Had we arrived earlier or certainly were we to stay longer, we would have requested a larger room.It looked like the hotel has had a recent spruce up.Decor is tasteful: plain silk, well lined floor length curtains and generally of Far Eastern design. The windows open - hurrah ! There is a comfortable lounge area with fire (was lit when we went down for breakfast), delightful conservatory dining area + bar. Very good breakfast, ditto service. Best fruit cocktail ever. 2 very nice touches, free freshly made and delicious coffee &amp; tea served in the lounge &amp; 2 bottles of water for us in the bathroom. Thoughtful, high quality service all round.	
Aug 11 2005	Good service but small rooms	I styed here for 3 nights, I followed prevous reveiwers and asked for a larger room, however the double I was allocated was tiny with barely enough room to walk around the bed, it wasn't till my wife joined me we were moved into room 4, a large four poster room. The weather when I stayed was warm and with no climate controls in the room it was difficult to get a flow of air through the room, even with the windows open.The staff were very helpful and curtious and the continental breakfasts were both substantial and fresh.I would stay again but insist on a larger room.	
Mar 22 2005	ok	The hotel staff are friendly and the breakfast is good. I found that the rooms were small although i guess thats what you should expect from a townhouse. Also the bathrooms were very small. Overall it was fine but I expected more for the amount we paid. As have stayed at much nicer hotels for less.	
Jan 17 2005	Nice hotel with good and helpful service		
Jan 1 2005	Absolutely charming		
Oct 12 2004	Nice boutique hotel		
Aug 3 2004	Charming and convenient		
Jun 15 2004	Tiny room but lovely terrace		
Apr 26 2004	Great hotel!		
Mar 29 2004	Generally a really good hotel!		
Feb 15 2004	Excellent Hotel		
Jan 24 2004	Great Hotel _ I would stay again		
May 30 2003	Beuatiful room but that's all.		
Sep 26 2009 	Chambre trop petite pour deux		
Jun 25 2009 	Ottimo per vacanza da provare		
May 20 2009 	Charmant petit hôtel		
Apr 29 2009 	in definitiva un ottimo hotel		
Jan 19 2009 	??????		
Jan 13 2009 	????B		
Jan 13 2009 	Ein schönes Stadthotel		
Nov 20 2008 	No apto para claustrofóbicos		
Aug 15 2008 	Une très bonne adresse.		
May 23 2008	ruhiges und angenehmes kleines Hotel		
Jan 28 2008 	Twenty Nevern Square: torneremo!		
Nov 6 2007 	Un hotel estupendo		
Feb 9 2007	chambre petite froide et pas conforme à la réservation		
Dec 11 2006 	Perfecta estancia en el Twenty Nevern Square		
Oct 26 2006 	Reizendes Hotel		
