	The Best Hotel ever!!	Stayed at the Langham for 5 days over the Thanksgiving holiday. The best service from the moment we walked in the door until we checked out. The place was clean, the beds were great, and the service was amazing. We asked for a bucket of ice one time, and we got it in 5 minutes. Watch out for the service charges, though. If you order room service, you'll get a service charge as well as a tray charge. Coffee with water can cost you 15 GBP. There is also a charge for using the internet - 7GBP for 40 mintues in their computer center, 20 GBP for hooking up your laptop. If you need internet, there's an internet cafe 2 blocks away for 1GBP for 1 hour. If you need water (or any beverage), there's a newstand about a block away on the left side of Regent St, a 1.5L Evian only costs 1.45GBP. Avoid eating in the hotel as it's expensive. There's many good restaurants within walking distance. Soho is only 20 minutes away by foot...and it won't even feel long since there's many things to see on the way.	
	Great service amazing rooms	We stayed at the Langham for our first wedding anniversary. The room was amazing, and the staff were great and made us feel really special.There were only two things that let the hotel down, the long wait for a cab and the fact that our key cards were disabled after the first night. Oh, and watch out for the service charges, they're added to *everything*	
	The best London hotel I have stayed in!	From the moment you arrive outside the hotel with it's grand facade, you feel as though you are in for a special treat... and nothing about The Langham disappoints. I had booked the room for 2 nights to celebrate my partner's birthday. Our room was upgraded on arrival, the receptionist wished him a happy birthday; then we were escorted to our suite. There we found fresh flowers and fruit, gorgeous little cupcakes with 'happy birthday' iced on the plate, a handwritten welcome from the manager of the hotel and the most sumptuous looking bed we'd ever seen (that didn't disappoint either - like sleeping on air)! That set the tone for a wonderful weekend. We had breakfast both mornings - once in room, once in 'The Landau' - both meals were fantastic. The ambience in the Artesian Bar was wonderful; the champagne was chilled to perfection. Nothing was too much trouble. We really were treated like royalty. The location of the hotel was fantastic too... just a couple of minutes walk from Oxford Circus tube, we were able to walk to the theatre, to some of the best restaurants, and for shopping on Regents or Oxford Street. We couldn't have asked for anything more, and didn't want to leave! Our only disappointment was that we forgot to take our swimwear, so didn't experience the spa. We'll have to save that for next time!	
Nov 26 2009 	Wonderful	Just returned from a long weekend at The Langham - Friday until Monday - stopped in a Club Room - haven of tranquility - worth paying the extra as the club lounge facilities were excellent - continental breakfast - afternoon tea - evening snacks and drinks - hotel is beautiful - pleasant lounges - wonderful bar area - great leisure facilities - wonderful pool - will be back again as soon as possible	
Nov 23 2009 	Can't wait to go back	Excellent location, excellent service, friendly staff, good food - our stay in London could not have been any better.	
Nov 22 2009 	Love the Langham	I have eaten at The Landau, which is gorgeous, before the Langham was re-opened after refurbishment and wanted to experience a stay there. At arrival, we were upgraded immediately and the room was very comfortable. The public rooms are exquisitely decorated. However, what makes The Langham and The Landau so special are the staff - customer service at its best!	
Nov 17 2009 	Utterly superb - wish I could have stayed longer	Party of 4, 2 adults, 2 young adults (18) in 2 Classic rooms. Everything was perfect, breakfast was lovely. Took afternoon tea in the restaurant which was excellent, albeit a little expensive. Concierge very knowledgeable and helpful, Valet service perfect, checked in at 10.30 and were given room keys by friendly receptionist immediately rather than having to wait until 2PM - Wondeful!! Shame we only stayed for 1 night. Will definitely visit again......	
Nov 17 2009 	Extremely disappointing hotel	I'm afraid I was soooo disappointed with this hotel. I used to work nearby and, for several years, wanted to stay there. It is spectacularly beautiful inside the lobby, Artesian bar, Palm Court and the dining room; really stunning refurbishment. And likewise, the hotel website is beautiful. But for me, that was where the loveliness of the hotel ended. The room was absolutely nothing special. It was a standard room so perhaps if you pay more it gets more exciting but it was very, very small and it felt rather shabby and not sparkling clean. It was also far too hot. The air-conditioning did nothing and I had to resort to opening the windows during the whole visit. Actually, I didn't really mind this because I used to live in London and I enjoyed hearing the night noise of the city. But obviously, this would be a problem for others. The hotel does have a good, central location. I ordered breakfast one morning and the porridge tasted cheap and watery and was sort of sealed up, presumably because it had been waiting some time to be brought to me. I honestly could make it better myself. The cost was outrageous for all of this. The bread rolls were very hard (almost impossible to open and chew) and similarly during the famous afternoon tea at the Palm Court, the edges of the sandwiches were slightly dried out which I assume means they'd been lying about some time. We were the first sitting for afternoon tea. A visit to the small swimming pool was ruined by several young and unaccompanied children bombing into the water repeatedly and who refused to calm down when I asked them to. But then I'm not their parent and had no authority to remove them from the pool so why would they? I accept this is not the fault of the hotel, rather the strangely absent parents. But there was no member of staff there to uphold any sort of rules about children in the very small leisure area. Presumably someone admitted the unaccompanied children because to enter the facilities you had to go by a reception desk. And the whirlpool was broken throughout my stay. The worst thing about the Langham was a sort of spirit of meanness which underlay the whole 'luxury' experience. It was as if everything was too much trouble. There was no drinking water in the standard room. Wifi was charged at, I think, 40p a minute with some rule about minimum charge. I found that astounding when wifi is free almost everywhere nowadays. I felt that some of the staff at the Artesian Bar bordered on rude and when a problem with a bill (of their own making) developed there was a flat denial, very unwilling refund and no apology. I felt that my friends and I were treated as if we were doing something (or about to do something) wrong which we certainly weren't. We were a small group of old friends in our 30s who spent two hours there together and had I think two drinks each and consequently spent a fortune there. Lastly, one night I went out to Pierre Victoire with my sister and brother-in-law in Soho for dinner. Yes, it was busy and noisy and we had to queue even with a booking for about five minutes because it was a Saturday night. But it was such a relief to be there. Where the food was excellent, the staff were friendly and we could be ourselves. It was a great, unpretentious, fairly-priced evening out and really showed me that I'm not a Langham girl. I would definitely never go back. And if you click on my username you'll see that I do also write glowing reviews so I don't think I am a very critical traveller.	
Nov 16 2009 	Outstanding hotel - a class act	This hotel provides outstanding value for money. Ideally situated for the shopping areas and the West End, it combines a stunning exterior with lush, tasteful and comfortable interiors. The staff are first class - concerned and helpful without being obtrusive and obsequious - and without the disdainful and condesecending attitude often found in other upmarket hotels. The food is excellent, too, especially the afternoon teas. The gym, health centre, and pool are first class, and you are not (as claimed by one reviewer) required to pay for these facilities whilst a guest.I would unequivocally recommend this hotel.	
Nov 16 2009 	Lovely Hotel Great Service Excellent	Staff very helpful, good location, extremly comfortable room. We had an evening meal, which was a good price with excellent service.	
Nov 14 2009 	not worth it	Booked on a special rate after its refurbishment. It was OK, but just didn't feel like 5* or &quot;luxury&quot;. Were supposedly upgraded into a mid-level room. It was itself roomy enough, but then the desk was place so that only a contortionist could get into the chair. The bed was lumpy. The swimming pool is in a kind of dungeon, and the fitness equipment marginally satisfactory. Probably Club Floor, if your company is paying, is fine but not recommended unless you get a really good rate. Nothing horrible, but nothing special. Good location, of course.	
Nov 13 2009 	Exceptional	Wonderful hotel, it's now become my favourite in London! Impeccable service. Fabulous room (on the club floor) I cannot fault anything about it. We can't wait to return.	
Nov 10 2009 	Couldn't have been better	Recently stayed for a 3 night shopping/cultural trip to London and chose The Langham for comfort and location. We were not disappointed on either count. Impeccable hotel, with attentive but unobtrusive staff and within strolling distance of Regent St., Oxford St. Soho and the theatres.Time did not allow us to take advantage of all of the hotel facilities but they all appeared to be first class.We did off course have time to avail ourselves of the best hotel bed ever. Like sleeping in a big white fluffy cloud, and surprisingly quiet for a 300 plus room hotel in the capital. Top class.	
Nov 2 2009 	Our favourite London hotel	We love the Langham. Having a young family we don't get much chance to have a break on our own, so when we do it has to be special. The hotel is pure luxury and quality. It's certainly one of the best hotels I've ever stayed at and attention to detail is outstanding. Enjoy.	
Nov 2 2009 	Well done	We had not stayed at the Langham for a few years so thought that we would give it another try. What a wonderful surprise. The place has been totally refurbished and was immaculate. The staff were both friendly and very efficient. The eight foot bed was heavenly and the room was lovely and quiet.Breakfast service in our room was first class, but I would have liked to have had more choice - no compote or fresh fruit. It was also a tad too expensive.Overall - it doesn't quite have the wow factor, but it is a very comfortable and sylish hotel with super staff - hard to fault.	
Oct 30 2009 	absolute luxury	from the moment the door is opened for you its special.the hotel is spectacular,the decor opulent and the staff unobtrusive and polite.the location is excellent.and the best bit.....the beds.i have stayed in the best hotels worldwide,and long since been as impressed,comfortable or ever been in a hurry for a return visit,but i cant wait to return here.visit this hotel as soon as you can.	
Oct 27 2009 	absolutley fabulous	it was the most beautiful hotel we had ever stayed in. close to all the shops. close to the tubes. the staff were so friendly and helpful, but most of all the bed and pillows were so wonderful we could of stayed there for ever! although the bar was a bit expensive as was expected, but lovely!	
Oct 27 2009 	It does not get any better than this	I was lucky enough to get a great deal here for a 2 night weekend break through Last Minute.com. I have read that someone also had a discounted rate and felt that they were not being treated the same as other guests. Well they must be paranoid as we were treated like royalty during our stay there. From the moment we checked in - very smoothly by the way to having our cases delivered back to us at the end the service was impeccable. What a place and what a fantastic history to the place. I can not wait to go back.	
Oct 22 2009 	Brilliant	This hotel lies in the city centre also the tube station. The room was gorgeous, clean, comfortable and huge! Breakfast was always same... that was bit boring.	
Oct 20 2009 	Our stay at The Langham London was an excellent romantic getaway	We stayed two nights at The Langham and it was an unforgettable experience. The location is great. The bed was really comfortable. I love the design of the hotel and the room. You have to try the breakfast at The Landau. Excellent service there too.	
Oct 13 2009 	Perfect location but didn't feel welcome	Booked a classic room through Lastminute at a rate of £246 for 2 nights, excluding breakfast, about a hundred pounds cheaper than the usual rate.This hotel is in an amazing central location just 2 minutes walk from Oxford Circus. The building itself is beautiful and it was quite an experience to stay in such a grand historic place. My booking confirmation did not mention anything about check-in time so I was disappointed when we arrived at 2.30pm to be told our room was not ready. I overheard other guests checking in being upgraded to better rooms. Afternoon tea is served in the Palm Court but we were not invited to wait in there, but were told that the bar would be opening in half an hour. In the end we walked around Regent Street for 45 minutes in the cold. At check-in the receptionist said to my partner (who had the suitcase) &quot;Oh are you staying as well?&quot; This seemed strange to me because my booking form clearly stated 2 persons in a double room. Perhaps the Langham Hotel is just not used to entertaining gay couples?The room itself was well-presented but small. We were on the eighth floor at the far end of a corridor. I was starting to get the impression that the hotel didn't want us to be seen by other guests! An attic ceiling and two small windows made the room seem a little claustrophobic, but there was a nice view over the rooftops and towards Regent's Park. The bed was a good size, everything was clean, a decent bath and shower plus a flatscreen television, mini-bar, desk with one study chair, a reception chair and end table.Breakfast had not been mentioned at reception so we read through the info and saw you could get it delivered to your room. But there was nowhere in our room for us to sit properly and eat so we didn't bother. Apparently you can eat breakfast in the Landau but we were not told that.The second night of our stay we asked if we could eat dinner in the Landau restaurant but were told it was fully booked between 6pm and 9pm. My suspicions that the hotel didn't want us to mingle with other guests was increasing. Or was I just being paranoid?We opted for a couple of pre-dinner cocktails in Artesian instead which came with some lovely nibbles, and then headed off to Soho for dinner. All in all, our stay at the Langham was an enjoyable one although I do feel the staff could have made us feel a bit more welcome. I was disappointed to miss out on eating in the Landau and it is irritating when you get a special deal through another website but do not feel as if you have had the same service as other guests.	
Oct 7 2009 	An oasis of luxurious calm in the centre of it all	We absolutely loved our stay at the Langham. The location is almost perfect - a very short walk to Oxford Street, the restaurants of Fitzrovia and Regent's Park. The hotel has been renovated superbly - they really have thought of everything. Whilst the room (a 'Grand' room) was not huge, it was very well appointed, impeccably clean and very well furnished. We felt incredibly comfortable in the hotel, which was decadent, but not austere. The bed was huge and very comfortable. The bathroom was stunning. My only complaints are (and these are very minor, really) that: the breakfast was a bit of a disappointment (nothing special and cold coffee); the bath was small; and the doormen were inattentive.	
Oct 6 2009 	Luxurious hotel within a stones throw of Oxford Street	Spent a romantic weekend here earlier this year. The hotel exceeded all expectations and is ideally located for a short London break. The room was 5 star and full of lavish details. I recommend membership to the Langham Club. I could put my feet up in the club louge and enjoy some good champange in between meeting the wife, who was happily shopping away on Oxford Street.	
Oct 2 2009 	Flawless Service	My husband and I recently took a quick trip over to London for a long weekend. We chose to stay at the Langham because we could get a great deal on a Langham Club room by paying in advance, and I'd stayed there before when traveling on business and had liked the hotel. Our flight arrived early - night flight from Chicago - and we were at the hotel by 8:15 am. We were so early that I expected to drop off our luggage and be sent on our way without being able to check in. However, our room was ready - at 8:15 am!! - and we were permitted to check in and encouraged to partake of breakfast in the Club Lounge. (Free with the Club room.) The ability to check in this early, shower, and relax made the difference between enjoying the day, and just surviving it.Parts of the hotel have been recently rennovated, but the Club rooms were rennovated more than 3 years ago. There were very minor signs of wear and tear in the furniture, but overall the room was lovely: nicely decorated, spacious (again, a Club Room, so larger than a standard room) and comfortable. Service within and without of the Club area was top-notch. The location is also a plus - right near the Oxford Circus tube stop. I would certainly stay here again.	
Sep 1 2009 	Wonderful hotel - we will be back!	We stayed at the Langham/London for 4 nights &amp; it was a wonderful experience. On arrival the GM just so happened to be greeting guests and he checked us in &amp; organised an upgrade to a junior suite. The room more than met our expectations, we wanted to take the bed home, the best we have ever slept in. The staff were delightful and anything that we requested was not a problem. Concierge were extremely helpful and made out sight seeing visits to the big attractions a pleasure with 'fast track' tickets to avoid the queues. Would we stay again...YES and we will!	
Aug 24 2009 	The Best Hotel in London	This hotel is fantastic; the very best service, rooms, beds, location, restaurant, bar...everything. If you appreciate the best, this is the place to stay. My son woke up our first day in London with an ear infection; within 15 minutes of speaking with the concierge, I had an appointment with a doctor around the corner, When someone in your family is sick, or if you have a problem, there is nothing more valuable than staying at the best hotel in the city, and this it it. I never thought I'd say this but...I've finally found a hotel that is better than any Ritz Carlton or Four Seasons that I have stayed in.	
Aug 19 2009 	Definately 5 Stars	After several months of reading reviews and narrowing our search down, we finally chose the Langham London - I'm so glad we did. We booked the Langham Club Room for the 1st week in August. We received an upgrade to the Executive Club Room on the 9th floor, much to our surprise. Loved everything about the Langham - the room, helpful friendly staff, beautiful flowers and decor, and excellent resturants that exceeded our expectations. The use of the Club Room for breakfast, beverages and evening drinks fit our daily plans perfectly. If you are thinking of staying here, do it - you won't be disappointed.Thank you Langham for making our first trip to London a memorable one.	
Aug 19 2009 	Elegant hotel in an excellent location	As mentioned in previous reviews, the hotel renovations have been done to an exceptionally high standard. The rooms are elegant and comfortable and the lobby and bar areas are beautiful. Some of the previous reviews comment on the rooms being on the small side. Although our room wasn't huge it was really well designed - a large bed, dressing table, plenty of wardrobe and drawer space. The bathroom was a classical modern style and as per the bedroom, well laid out and beautifully designed. Different to some other 5 star hotels we have stayed in, it was also convenient that there were tea/coffee making facilities and an iron in the room.The staff are both courteous and knowledgable and the hotel is also in a fantastic location, minutes walk from Oxford Circus tube station. We used the bar in the hotel a few times and had some fabulous cocktails and free canapes. We didn't eat in the hotel as there are lots of lovely bars and restaurants in Marylebone village which is only about a five minute walk away (there are also lots of coffee bars and a Pizza Express etc right on the doorstop of the hotel).The Langham would definitely be my first choice hotel when I stay in London next time.	
Aug 18 2009 	Great location and great room!	I arrived on a busy friday evening for two nights and had a great stay at the Langham Hotel of London. Everything about this hotel was great and although I did not spend too much time at the hotel, I can say that it was an enjoyable stay. This was my first stay in this hotel and I was quite impressed with the service and politness of the staff. I will recommend it to all my friends.	
Aug 18 2009 	There are hotels and there are HOTELS.	We paid 480 Dollars a night for a double room and no regrets because it was a great choice. We were in UK for 12 days and spent 3 of those 12 at the Langham of London and enjoyed every minute of it. As other reveiwers mentioned here, the food is great and real quality and nothing is hard work for the kitchen. If I go back to London, I will stay here again.	
Aug 18 2009 	Great Hotel - Well located	We stayed at the Langham for 2 nights over a weekend. My wife treated me to a w/e in London without the kids. The hotel was refurbished and opened recently after extensive renovations. On arrival we were given an upgrade, as my wife had requested it on making reservation. The service all round was excellent. Our room was great with a really comfortable bed. The view was some what of a let down, not only did it over look the central internal area but you could see piled up old furniture in other rooms across the yard. Not a pretty sight.The breakfast we found a little on the expensive side ( £30 for what might be described as a British Breakfast ). There are lots of other options withing 3 min walk so your not short of choice.The location is truly excellent for shopping/dinner/theater. Covent Garden can be reached in 20-30min walk. I would recommend the 1 day travel card at cost of £5.40. For a short stay like this avoid the tour bus ( cost of £24 per person ).I would recommend the hotel for a great 5 star stay, but get a room with view overlooking the road.	
Aug 17 2009 	I'm hooked!	Normally, I stay at the Manadrin Oriental, Hyde Park but due to unavailability we booked a club room at the Langham and I have to say The Langham will be where I stay in London from now on. THe service was excellent and effortless! We were traveling with an 18 month old so our special requests were numerous...and always met and executed with no problems - the staff were happy to meet our requests...and at no charge!! THe service was so great at the club level that I think I will only stay at club levels from now on. Mandarin Oriental poopoos club levels as they say all guests are VIP's but I've never had the level of service at MO that I received at the Langham. THe room was spotless, amenities plenty....My only negative thing I would say is that numerous guests were using the library lounge to hold interviews and when other guests entered to use the internet...they did not lower their voices or continue the interviews discreetly - perhaps management might want to consider booths for this to avoid inconveniencing other guests.	
Aug 16 2009 	no dissapointments. we got what we paid for and MUCH MORE Thanks	Arrived with my wife on a busy Saturday afternoon and the front desk was busy and in order not to make us wait, someone walked from the back of the reception and greeted us and asked for our details and bought us a couple of cocktails and a bit of snack while we waited and 10 minutes after we had our room all ready with our suitcases in there already! WOOWW ...... You don´t come across this everyday! But this was getting better everyda because no matter what questions you asked the conceorge, he had the answer there and then and not like many other 5 star hotels that they have to make many phone calls to find the answer.The location was excellent and we look forward to go back soon.	
Aug 12 2009 	The most beautiful hotel in London	It is quite simply perfect: the service, the decor, the style, the ambiance, the food. My husband and I, who both have mobility difficulties, could not have been more beautifully looked after in a totally unfussy way. The Langham outclasses so many 5* hotels in London - we have stayed in several of them - and whilst it is expensive it is true value for money because you absolutely get what you pay for. Our Grand Junior Suite was extremely comfortable with a magnificent bathroom and a superb rooftop view. You can even open the windows! The staff have been trained to treat their guests with courtesy and style, yet retaining an air of breezy informality that enhances the relaxed, cossetted feeling you get as soon as you enter the magnificent hall. The refurbishments are elegant, sophisticated and a bit querky - stylish but not edgy, a difficult and clever balance that few manage to attain. I cannot recommend this glorious place highly enough.	
Jul 29 2009 	A positive surprise	I had a very positive stay with the Langham hotel London. I travelled with an 11-year old and was really impressed with how they acknowledged children. They gave a welcome letter to my nephew in the check-in in which they explained the services they provide for children (including special swimming hours in the pool).The service was very good (equivalent to Dorchester), room was nice, clean and recently renovated. Theu had a lovely bar in the hotel as well as a beautiful breakfast room.All in all, good value for money.	
Jul 28 2009 	When in London we'll be staying again in The Langham!	We stayed for 6 nights in one of the new refurbished junior suites. Excellent room; spacious, stylish, clean and quality beds. Everything how it should be in a hotel of this category. Overall service spot on and courteous. Dining experience very relaxing and excellent breakfast each day. We visited the hotel with 2 little children and we were more than welcome. Room service a bit late once and a while, but there are worst things in the world to complain about! The location of the hotel is very good; on Regent Street, near Bond Street and close to all theaters. Excellent, well equipped gym and nice swimming pool. The interior design studio has done a great job. We loved our stay. When in London; we’ll be back!	
Jul 21 2009 	A lovely stay - with an awkward start	My boyfriend invited me for a stay at the Langham for my birthday - and it was lovely!After a slightly awkward start (the receptionist at check-in did not really seem to know what he was doing, and the lady who showed us to our room took us to the wrong lift), we really enjoyed our room, the gym and pool, a glass of Champagne in the Palm Court and the Artesian Bar. Breakfast was lovely, too.After just one night, it felt as if we had been away on holiday.	
Jul 20 2009 	More than the history of the building	We stayed at the Langham during Wimbledon week and loved every minute of it. Their updated room product ( king double with sitting area ) suited us perfect. Located close to Regent Street and after work walks and a picnic in Regent Park were added attractions. Service was impeccable.	
Jul 17 2009 	Style and Luxury centrally located	Great hotel with a long history, relaunched after extensive refurbishing.	
Jul 8 2009 	very very disappointing!	After reading some great reviews on tripadvisor i decided to book the langham for myself and fiance for our anniversary weekend. We had booked a junior suite for 3 nights and on entering the hotel we found the staff very friendly but thats probably the only positive thing we found at this hotel. On entering our room the size was good but the carpet didnt look as if it had been vacuumed. After going out for a meal on the first night we came back to find no complimentary water which we would say is standard in most hotels and on ordering breakfast in our room the following morning the breakfast came but no chairs to sit on!! Over the course of our stay the shower gels were not replaced after we had finished them and at one point the toilet rolls were not replaced after servicing our room and we didnt have any left! A drink had been ordered to our room but when we recieved it, it definately wasnt what we had asked for! You would think these things would be of high standard in a five star hotel! Overall very disappointing and we will not be staying here again!	
Jul 6 2009 	Disappointed	We wanted to stay at The Langham, but seemingly they have a policy 'discriminating' against those with babies. It is ludicrous, but we were refused a Grand Room, on the basis that only 2 'people' could occupy it, our almost 1 year old baby was 1 too many! We didn't require a cot, or any special facilities.The infuriating thing is that I wasted endless time attempting to book online direct with the hotel, yet there was no clear indication that they didn't like a baby to share the parent's room :-) I then made an international call to the hotel and was told that the reservations department was closed at the weekends (Yes, honestly) and that someone would call me back from Reception, which never happened.We booked with The Chesterfield Mayfair for our arrival in London and what a difference to deal with, they replied helpfully to an email within 20 minutes.Decided to give The Langham another shot for our departure stay, which is when I telephoned (as my email hadn't been replied to and in fact still hasn't been) and was informed of the hotel policy. Apparently, we could have a 'third' in a Classic Executive room, but these I believe are in the other part of the building, which by all accounts from what I have read on Trip Advisor are less desirable than the main building.So, hugely disappointed, partly by the hotel policy, but far more by the total lack of any kind of service toward a prospective (actually very eager) guest. What a difference in service compared with staying at The Peninsula in Bangkok, which would cost less as well.So, if you've shortlisted The Langham and have children, be aware of the room limitations.	
Jul 6 2009 	Wery nice	Me and my son at 6 spent a weekend in this Hotel.Exxelent is what we think of our stay. We will be back.	
Jul 6 2009 	Pretty good hotel experience	Overall, this was a good experience. My wife and I stayed here four nights in a Grand Room. One of the nice promos here is a the three nights for the price of two, which made this much better value, and cheaper than most similar level hotels at this time of year. Still, the price was not cheap for what was a fairly small room (at that price, you can get bigger in London, although easy to get smaller too). Location was excellent, with reasonable walks to all sorts of tourist sites and restaurants. Arrival area is comfortable with separate drop off area. Inside, very nice hotel. They have done a nice job with the resoration. Someone took us to the reception desk (they have people waiting to assist anyone inside). We had to wait 2-3 minutes as both people working the desk were on the phone. I hate waiting. Anyway, they checked us in quickly and efficiently. Once at the room, there were a few (minor) issues. Most importantly, both robes were dirty. They were replaced with speed and were much softer than the ones we had been originally given. Housekeeping woke us up twice to change the room. It was partly our fault as they did have a switch to indicate 'Do not disturb' and I had forgotten, but they rang even before 9AM. Towels were good and fluffy. A/C was VERY strong (a definite plus with hot 80s/90s type highs. Concierge recommended Redfort restaurant, which was ok and certainly a well known Indian restaurant in London. They were very helpful getting to the Pier to take a boat to Greenwich as well. In total, level of service was high. Internet usage here is different. Charges are applied in 24 hour time periods (like elsewhere), except here they start from the moment you check in (unlike others where the time period starts from the time you first log onto the service). This is clearly a way to make more money by having customers pay for more time periods. I found this a bit irritating. So overall, a pretty good experience, with better overall value probably available elsewhere, although I felt the service was close to any top level hotel in quality (and here I mean 5 star level service), so maybe that is worth paying for after all. I'll let you decide that.	
Jul 2 2009 	this is how a top class hotel should operate	This hotel simply oozes quality with service to match.Superb lounge with drinks/cocktails which are rather expensive but that's the environment in which you're in.The Grand Executive room we had was worth every penny with THE most comfortable bed ever! Top quality room and bathroom fittings made this a very enjoyable stay.Would recommend this hotel without question!	
Jun 27 2009 	Enchanting	From looking at the website before my stay, my expectations were very high. Wwhen visiting London i always stay at the Dorchester but decided to try the Langham. It was absaloutely wonderful. I stayed for 2 nights with my partner,father and sister for my birthday, and my stay could not have been more perfect. The hotel is extremely elegant and grand and it is very clear where the money has been spent. We stayed in room 412, although fairly small, it was very grand,cosy and romantic and the bed is the most comfortable i have ever slept in! We used the Hotel Pool several times and were very surprised at how quiet it was, on both occasions it was just me and my partner in the pool!!! the breakfast was excellent, the bijoux and wonderland afternoon tea in the Palm Court was divine and the service was impeccable. The staff were always helpful and very friendly, from the concierge to the doorman. My 21st birthday could not have been celebrated any better than an enchanting stay at the Langham!!	
Jun 25 2009 	A superb hotel!	We travelled to London for the weekend and had the great pleasure of staying at The Langham, London, England. Being a member of the Leading Hotels of the World, the Langham most definately lives up to that membership.The hotel has recently been renovated and is BEAUTIFUL!Our room was spacious, clean, and elegant.The staff was courteous and very helpful.The location is excellent for seeing the tourist attractions of London.And the fantastic breakfasts were served in an elegant dining room !Without question, when visiting London, The Langham should be your hotel of choice. You will not be disappointed.	
Jun 17 2009 	Superb Service well run hotel in great location	We stayed in a Club Room at the Langham for a long weekend in London. Check in was handled while we had a glass of champagne in the club lounge. The room was very well appointed if slightly small and was serviced very well during our stay. Free continental breakfast, afternoon tea and evening canapes, all with free drinks made the club lounge a very welcome haven in between shopping excursions. The concierge and club lounge staff were very helpful and all in all it was the best hotel experience I have had in London.My only slight critisicm would be that the hotel corridors were kept too hot.	
May 23 2009 	We had agreat time	This was the first time that we had stayed at the Langham London since it has been refurbished.I decided to treat my husband for a night away . The new entrance and reception area created a welcoming image and the service provided by the reception and concierge staff was impeccable. We were fortunate to be upgraded to one of the newly renovated rooms, I think it was called a Grand Room which was beautiful. The new bedroom furnishings and decor were delightful and the bed was so comfortable we found it hard to leave the room. It was great to have a bathroom with a really powerful shower and huge fluffy towels,such a luxury after our weak shower at home We had a superb stay and will be back soon. The Langham must be one of London's best located hotels, just 2 minutes walk from Oxford Circus, near Marylebone High Street, Bond Street and Oxford Street. When we were tired of shopping we popped back for afternoon tea , listening to the pianist in the gorgeous Palm Court. In the evening it was a short walk to the Theatre then Soho. When we returned, the Artesian bar was warm and welcoming and we had amazing cocktails. My compliments to the Langham on creating a great customer experience. We will be back.	
May 20 2009 	Six star luxury	We treated ourslves to a night in london from the west counrty. Luxurious junior suite with every facility and the most comfortable bed ever!Staff were attentive and welcoming and we felt cossetted.Location excellent as it is a short walk to Oxford Street and regent Street shops, we strolled to the buzzy Marylebone lane shopping area and walked to the theatre in the evening. Great bar - the Artesian and fun drinks pre theatre in the stunning Palm Court.All in all a great experience.	
May 18 2009 	The Langham - Brilliant	My husband, 4 month old baby and I spent a brilliant four nights at the Langham in London. We were upgraded to a Club room which gave us access to quiet breakfast facilities and afternoon tea and canapes. The staff were fantastically helpful, the facilities great, the renovations quite stunning, the bed divine, even the room service food was good. They handled the baby well and we had access to a cot and baby products. It was altogether a fabulous experience and I feel quiet spoilt having been there!	
May 6 2009 	Absolutely Fabulous!	We stayed here as a family in late April. Having stayed in many hotels before we got used to the 'same old, same old' not so at this hotel. from their welcome and all the other little things that we experienced at this hotel made our visit very relaxing, enjoyable and memorable. We will certainly stay here again!	
May 6 2009 	Very disappointed and ridiculous extras!	Although the Langham hotel is beautiful and is very well located I was very disappointed overall with the general service and experience we had recently. Paying for 5 star rates I was expecting 5 star service and although the staff were generally friendly not all were efficient in handling the simplest of problems. On the morning of our arrival we checked-in to the hotel with our confirmation of a twin Club room and as we were early the reception staff promised to call us when the room was ready.. at 1pm we got the call which was fine however on arrival back to the hotel early afternoon we were told we'd been upgraded from a Classic room to a Grand room, I then explained that actually we had a Club room confirmed and after much shuffling and confusion we were told that we should wait in the bar or reception as it would take a further hour to get a twin room ready by housekeeping. After paying £15 per drink in the bar we eventually got our room confirmed 1.5hours later by which we had no time to get showered and ready for a pre-reserved dinner reservation. The club rooms albeit lovely were in the strangest part of the hotel, up one floor on the lift, stairs to the second floor, and one block over we were then instructed to take a service elevator to the 3rd floor.. it was all very confusing and unpleasant overall.The little extra's were extremely expensive in the hotel also,£ 22.50 for continental breakfast and a &quot;tray service&quot; of £4.45 on top of the charge.. what else was it going to arrive on?? the last straw was when they charged £10 for the bar bill from our wait in the bar to be added to our room bill.. as if it wasn't expensive enough!The bar was also closed every evening before midnight, and when we asked if it was possible for residents to get a drink after midnight we were told very rudely that if we wanted to we could order room service.. middle of London in a 5 star hotel and you can't get a drink after midnight?? I thought the hotel was lovely but I would not be staying again nor recommending to friends...	
May 4 2009 	Great hotel 	We were upgraded on arrival to an excellent Club room on the 9th (top) floor whichwas very spacious and newly furnished to a high standard. Bathroom spotless and very well appointed.From the hotel it is a short walk to Oxford St &amp; Oxford Circus underground. Nevertheless, the Langham is situated in a quiet area so there was no noise intrusion in our room.The top-hatted doorman/concierge was rather arrogant (don't try to interrupt or ask anyquestions - he won't tolerate that and will throw a grimacing look if you try!!) but he failed to spoil our enjoyment of this traditional and beautifully appointed Victorian hotel. There is plenty of parking in the local streets (pay by card via phone). Restaurants, bistros and take-outs abound in this area so you won't have a problem finding something to suit your taste buds !	
Apr 27 2009 	Relaxing	Stayed here on Saturday night for a girlie weekend break it is in a great location the staff are friendly and helpful and go out of their way to make your stay perfect. The hotel has recently been refurbished and is stunning they have the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in.	
Apr 25 2009 	Fantastic 5* Stay	I would reccomend the Langham for a 5' stay in London, everything was perfect.	
Apr 1 2009 	Absolutely excellent and I'm fussy	A wonderful experience from start to finish and I agree the staff are superb. They are helpful without being patronising and certainly made our stay thoroughly enjoyable. We were given a free upgrade to a club class room and for access to the club room we were asked for £40.00 per person per night. This was great value, breakfast, afternoon tea, canapes, all drinks in a comfortable lounge from 7-11pm. The hotel was well situated near oxford st., the rooms were a good size and every amenity was available. The only downside was the quality of their bathroom products which was very poor, oh yes and the walls seemed thin, if this is possible?? Anyway, can't wait to return.	
Jan 11 2009 	Outstanding experience at the Langham	My daughter and I just returned from a week in London, with wonderful memories of our time at the Langham Hotel. Although the lobby of the Langham Hotel is still under construction, a small lobby area was sufficient for the concierge and the hotel staff to provide good service and make us feel welcome each day. The concierge service was remarkable. My daughter realized that she might have left her map in a restaurant the prior evening. Because the restaurant was not open before we left in the morning, we asked the concierge to please call the restaurant to inquire if the map was found there. Apparently a staff member went to pick it up because it was at the front desk when we returned. We found the work out area and the pool area large and attractive. The room was spacious, the beds comfortable and the bathroom well appointed with a great shower. The hotel is very conveniently located in London because the metro station is very close. Numerous restaurants and great shopping can be found within a few minutes walk. I would highly recommend The Langham and I am a picky traveler.	
Nov 30 2008 	Great Hotel but under Renovations!	I stayed at this hotel over the Thanksgiving weekend and I have to say that they are some of the friendliest hotel staff that I have ever encountered. Everyone without fail was helpful and made you feel like you were a valued customer. They even sent up goodies to wish us Thanksgiving.I booked a regular room and was upgraded to a junior suite which was a nice size with a small sitting area. The toiletries were Penhaligons, with the most fully stocked amenities I have gotten without first calling housekeeping (e.g. included toothbrush/toothpaste and deodorant). The decor itself was plain though (I don't think it was a renovated room). The location was good...just a few minutes walk from the tube (Oxford Circus) and all the hullabaloo of Picadilly and the West End.The renovations were a pain, however. We had to transfer elevators and walk a long maze (they even give you a map!) to get to our room.	
Nov 6 2008 	Really Loved the Langham	Stayed here in early November and although the hotel is currently undergoing renovations this doesn't appear to affect the operation of the hotel at all. The entrance is on Regent Street and a little less grand than the normal one around the corner but the staff are exceptionally warm and welcoming and the location is superb. I stayed with my 10 year old son in the course of a &quot;lads&quot; weekend and the staff couldn't have been nicer to us. We were frequent visitors to the leisure centre where the 16m basement pool is a real feature. The room was spacious and well appointed even though getting there involved two different elevator trips. Only other minor issue was the fact that the food in the bar was a little pricey for fairly average fair but this is just splitting hairs, overall I'd thoroughly recommend it if you're prepared to pay that little bit extra for a decent quality hotel in London.	
Oct 10 2008 	Fanatstic Hotel	The Langham Hotel is wonderful, what a place to stay! Everything about this hotel is first rate.The staff are exceptionally friendly and helpful, they are keen to help and are so well mannered. Our room “The Robert Browning Suite” was lovely, we dined in our room on two occasions and the service was superb. The quality of the accommodation is second to none. It was a special occasion that we stopped at the Langham and the hotel made it even more special. The dining room is superb with beautiful meals and the Artisan Bar is something to behold. The Concierges were so helpful pleasant, they went out of their way to be helpful and had time for everyone.King or commoner it doesn’t matter to the Langham, the hotel is there to meet your needs and does that and more.If only for once in your life do stay at the Langham it is an experience that we plan to repeat next year, and possibly again and again.	
Oct 2 2008 	Excellent! Can't be better!	This is the only hotel I've ever stayed in London since 1998--every time visiting the Langham feels like going home.The location of the hotel is really good--just a few minutes walk away from Oxford Circus tube station and Regent Street, great for shopping and eating. This time I stayed in a one bedroom suite with my family on the 7th floor of the old/main wing--excellent condition of the suite, with plasma TVs in both the living and bedroom, new and quality wooden furniture, and upgraded bathroom toiletries Penhaligons. Turndown service was great as usual.The Langham Club Lounge serves hot and cold beverages, including a wide range of alcohol, and the complimentary breakfast in the morning was also very good. The only real complaint is that the main wing is still under renovation--so you may hear noise occasionally in the afternoon and access to the main wing is also a bit complicated. Always a great stay here and am already looking forward returning to this hotel in the very near future!	
Sep 5 2008 	The perfect hotel in the perfect location!	We decided to stay at The Langham in London after a previous stay at the Langham property in Pasadena. This hotel absolutely amazed us! From the outside it looked like any other building in London, but once we were inside it was like stepping in to another world! As soon as we entered the lobby we were handed pink roses and taken to the Club level, where we were checked in to our room on the first floor. The room itself was spacious and nicely equipped, but the bathroom was what blew us away. Our shower was so big that at least 6 people could fit in it comfortably! The Club lounges were definitely worth the upgrade, as we had breakfast in there each morning saving us so much money. The hotel was in the perfect location, just a few block away from the tube station and near tons of shopping and West End theatres.	
Aug 15 2008 	A bit frayed around the edges	Stayed here for one night after a business meeting. Like most old style London hotels (in my experience) this is nothing special, just a bit of a drab, chintzy affair with hot rooms and brusque, impersonal staff. There was, per se, nothing wrong with this hotel but there was nothing special about it and I would not stay here for leisure. The rooms were too hot and quite dark and cramped and VERY chintzy. The staff were OK but not very friendly or helpful. Cannot see myself ever going back. Needs a bit of a refurb I think.	
Jul 19 2008 	Superb hotel...	I was so pleasantly surprised by this hotel, especially after reading the reviews regarding renovation. My family and I stayed for five nights in July and I really cannot find one thing to fault. Upon arrival I was upgraded to a junior suite, which was renovated and spotless. The beds were made up as I had requested, the bathrooms were very clean and the room was large and comfortable even for three people. My worry about noise was unfounded as the room was very quiet (and I am a very light sleeper). It helped that the air conditioning for the room had a fan that acted like a white noise machine and kept the room a perfect temperature as well. There was no hallway noise at night - which was greatly appreciated, Although the lobby has been moved, the only thing the renovation affected for us was the logistics of finding our room, (it's a little maze-like), but once we got the hang of it, it was not an issue at all. We used the pool, which was clean and well maintained, although the hot tub was out of order the duration of our stay. The Landau restaurant was extremely good with both excellent food and staff, we ate breakfast there every day and dinner one night. The front desk staff were for the most part pleasant and the concierge helpful. The location is incredible as well. I really only have a few minor complaints, but nothing worth writing about in this review. I would highly recommend this hotel and was pleased to find the renovation had no impact on my stay at all.	
Jun 29 2008 	Love this Hotel	We got a chance to visit London on holidays this past May. We stayed at the Langham Hotel just off Regent street. I love &quot;Grande Dame&quot; types of hotels and this one lived up to the description. The location was great. The staff looked after us very well. The bar and restaurant were stunning. We used both. I hope to stay here again when I am next in London (Though I am not sure if my company will splash out on this place!)	
Jun 23 2008 	The best hotel I have stayed in in London	I booked the Langham for Valentine's weekend. We took the train to London, got the tube to Oxford Circus and walked from there. The main entrance was closed and they were using the spa entrance with a makeshift reception.Upon check-in we were informed the management had upgraded us to a junior suite. Because the hotel has 2 parts - an old and new the receptionist accompanied us to our room which was AMAZING!!! We had a big room with sitting area. 40&quot; flatscreen TV, our room overlooked Regents Street, everything was fantastic. The staff could not do enough for us. We used the pool which was not big but enough to do a few lengths in. Our rate included continental breakfast but we ordered room service which was expensive but you tell me a 5* hotel where it isnt. The quality of the food was lovely. We also had late night room service and again the foos was plentiful and very tasty.I would look to go back to the Langham again.... I just need to save my money!	
May 13 2008 	There should be a warning	The hotel is undergoing major repairs; hotel entrance is now by side entrance converted into makeshift reception-cum-parlour (which does not even have a proper seating aerea or guest washrooms), and it is only after a long and labyrinthine walk experience that guests get to their rooms.There should be a warning before booking!	
May 6 2008 	One of the best	We stayed for just one Saturday night for my wife's birthday treat.Being a corporate travel agent, I am somewhat blase about the claims and realities of high quality hotels.However, I was driven to submit a highly complimentary comments note to the hotel manager.The staff were just the best! Highly professional, discrete but above all - friendly. The hotel is in the process of a major refurbishment - ongoing for another 9 months - but the quality of the 'package' still shone through.The Landau restaurant was one of the most impressive spaces for dining we have experienced and the food matched. The pre-theatre menu at 2 courses for £20 had me smiling all the way though the evening. They even let you go back after the theatre for your dessert course! This is the only hotel review I have felt the need to write.	
Mar 18 2008 	A Wonderful time at the Langham	My family just returned from a five night stay at the Langham. We stayed in a premium suite and had access to the Langham Club Lounge.The location was excellent, right at Regent and Oxford Streets. The suite was beautifully decorated, spotless and had a view of the Church across the street. We had fresh flowers, a newspaper everyday and robes plus slippers for everyone including our children. The Langham Lounge was a wonderful bonus. The continental breakfast was very good, as were the sandwiches at 'tea time'.The bar in the Lounge also has wine, beer, scotch, and champagne!. The Langham Club rooms are rather pricey, but are worth the money when you consider the price of food and drinks in London.My children loved swimming in the pool.The hotel is undergoing renovation, but our suite was quiet. I did not see any evidence of construction going on. We will definetely return next time we visit London.	
Feb 9 2008 	Dont waste your money	I wouldn't stay there again or recommend it. I booked this hotel due to its promises of views and location as a birthday treat. The location was the only plus. I was 'upgraded' to a really old tired room with no view. It was a smoking room and although my partner and myself don't smoke, other guests in the corridor did. It wasn't a pleasant smell. The decor of the room was old andt here were stains on the carpet and bed linen. Most of the hotel is under renovation and closed, this was not mentioned when I booked last November. Sorry Langham, you could do much better or adjust your prices, a room for two nights and breakfast for two (£62! for breakfast for one morning alone) came to more than £710. Really not worth it and not what I consider a 5* hotel.	
Jan 23 2008 	Lost its gloss?	While we enjoyed the Langham, I'm not sure that it really lives up to it's price tag anymore. I think it would depend on why you wanted to stay there. If it was a special occasion, maybe but I still think there are probably more 'special' hotels around at this price. We stayed here with our 2 young boys. It is very convenient to Oxford Street, Regents Park (although there is no way you could see Regents Park from any room... it is a good 5-10 minute walk), the bus and the Underground. We used the lovely indoor pool every day and the hot tub as long as nobody was around (under 16 not allowed). I would have loved to try out some of their massage and spa treatments but they were booked up for the whole time we were there so book ahead. Our room was nicely decorated and clean and although the bathroom was enormous, the room itself was smallish. Personally, given the nature of our trip which was sightseeing and soccer at the Wembley, with young children we would have been just as happy back at the Thistle Marble Arch where we stayed last time which is just as convenient and half the price with much much better family accomodation.	
Jan 23 2008 	Not bad...issues pleasantly resolved	I had booked a Signature Suite to celebrate my husband's birthday. The reason that I picked The Langham was because the website described the suite as having &quot;stunning views over Regents Park&quot;. When we checked in, we were upgraded to the Presidential Suite, but this did not overlook the park (in fact, there were roadworks just outside the window). I phoned down to reception to ask if we could be &quot;downgraded&quot; as I really wanted the views, but was informed that none of the suites overlook Regents Park!!To cut a long story short, I filled in the comments card that was left in the room and also completed the online survey that was sent to my home, expressing my concern about the misleading content of the website.The response of The Langham to my comments has been generous in the extreme, offering us and guests a free night's accommodation in a Club Suite. I have been reliably informed that the website will also be changed to reflect more accurately the views from the rooms.On a general note, the service was absolutely outstanding and we are very much looking forward to our next stay in this elegant and convenient hotel.	
Jan 20 2008	What a hotel!	I stayed at The Langham Hotel just for a day and a half (between January 15th and 16th) and I couldn't have been better. The Hotel is awesome, with a great location (just a few steps from the Oxford Circus station - exit 5) and staff, all very helpful and friendly.I booked a standard room, but they gave me an upgrade so I stayed in a Jr. Suite, what a room with a great space, a big bed, an enormous TV and a wonderful room service, with great prices too.My birthday couldn't be better.	
Jan 15 2008 	Langham Luxury	We stayed at The Langham in December in a junior suite which we shared with our 13 year old daughter. This was a treat for her for Xmas and we were to take her clothes shopping with her Xmas money and to the Ivy for dinner and the Theatre.The Langham is a beautiful looking hotel and in a fantastic location. Our room was not ready when we arrived but the porters took care of our bags whilst we went shopping and then for lunch at the Ivy. We arrived back to the Langham at around 4pm, collected our room keys and our bags were already safely ensconced in our room.The room was of an adequate size but once the sofa bed was made up there was not a great deal of room to move around (although this is common with most Central London hotels). We did not notice any noise in our room – either from the tube beneath or from the street. The bathroom was very large and spacious, very well equipped, good toiletries and had a good shower but the hairdryer (as per most hotels ones) was not great. The beds were both very comfortable.On returning from the theatre later that evening, we decided to have a nightcap but, rather embarrassingly, were asked to leave as we had our daughter with us. I do not have an issue with this at all but just wish that they had a sign on the door explaining that access is for over-18s only and then we simply would not have entered. Instead however, we were able to order a drink in the bar area of the adjacent restaurant (which had just re-opened that week). The bar service was exemplary and the cocktails wonderful (if expensive!)We ordered room service breakfast in the morning which was very nice and served promptly although we did not really do it justice (as lunch again at the Ivy). We left the bags with the porter after checking out and returned after our lunch in a taxi. We did not even have to get out of the taxi as the bell boys asked for our ticket whilst we waited and brought the bags out to the cab.All in all a very pleasant stay and truly superb service from what we feel is a traditional Central London 5 Star hotel - just don’t pay the rack rate as there are some great deals around.	
Jan 14 2008 	A Real Gem!	This hotel is a real gem. Having stayed at many London hotels in the past I was unsure of what to expect. We arrived Xmas day 2007 and were greeted by friendly, helpful and kinowledgeable staff.I booked a junior suite as wewere 2 adults and 2 children (9 &amp; 12). The room was spacious, clean and had a great view of London (and the London Eye).Centrally located, it's a 2 minute walk to Oxford Circus and is right in the heart of Regent Street. Many shops, restaurants, take outs etc within a few minutes walk.The kids enjoyed the indoor heated pool too.I would reccommend the hotel anytime.Price wise.....not cheap but you get what you pay for.	
Jan 7 2008 	Great Hotel in London	This was a work trip, where hotels are ofetn nothing but a blur.But I really liked this one, especially given London has a lot of good - and a lot of not so good - hotels.I liked the room sizes, the bathroom and decor, the location (close to the Regent street shopping madness, the tube, high end and casual restaurants and parks), the early breakfast buffett (juices and muffins out in reception from 6am, until the restaurant opened an hour later), and the general happy, helpful feel of the hotel.Compared to some other London hotels .... miles in front.	
Jan 4 2008 	The Lovely Langham	Stayed for two nights and was very impressed with this grand old lady of a hotel. Exceptionally attentive staff, perfect location in central London, plus all the charm that comes with staying in a hotel oozing old world charm. Highly recommended.	
Jan 2 2008 	Not worth the money very disappointing	Having just stayed at the Langham for a New Years treat I wish I had paid more attention to the negative reviews rather than the positive! We thought we would give it a try as some people have obviously liked it, but I really wish we hadnt! We spent alot of money for what was supposed to be a special treat and got very disappointed. We both do a lot of of business travel and therefore we have plenty of hotels to compare the Langham to and it didnt come up favourably. On the plus side the hotel has an excellent location for shopping It also looks quite nice from the outside. However, inside the lobby is decent but the overall feel is of a very worn-out hotel. We are all for old elegance, but that doesnt mean you can neglect changing worn-out carpets and wallpaper (our room actually had blood smears on the wallpaper!).We had booked an executive king which looked like a standard room in any other hotel. As other guests have remarked the view is nothing to write home about.The first room we were given had an incredibly creaking bed (perfect for a romantic weekend!) and there were pubic hairs in the bath tub! Obviously we called right away to get a new (and hopefully clean) room. It took them 50 min to arrange that even though we were just moved to the next room. Meanwhile they also seemed to have forgotten out luggage, however it eventually showed up in the new room.The decor of the room is decent in the traditional floral british style. The TV is a very small old tv which we found unbelievable. Most hotels we stay in have at least flat screens if not plasma! Since we wanted a relaxing stay with most time spent in the room we were not happy.The service at the front desk, restaurant ect is neither bad nor good. You expect more from a 5 star hotel, and I can confidently say I have gotten much better service from the business hotels I normally stay at even though they might have a star less. Our request for a late checkout (it was 1st of January after all) was coldly turned down and the waiters at the Palm Court restaurant so stressed out that you felt bad asking them for anything.We did not have any meals at the hotel besides the 'english breakfeast' we had ordered along with our booking. BIG mistake. 'English breakfast' turned out to be a very sorry excuse for a breakfast buffet in the Palm Court restaurant. The worst I have ever had, and that too at 20 £ per person! Extortionate! I always enjoy being able to go down for a relaxing breakfast but this rip-off made me feel like a fool when you have very good cafes just down the street (Paul is a good choice).During the stay we had looked forward to relaxing in the pool after a day of january sale shopping. Well too bad because the pool was out of order during the 2 nights we stayed there! Really, the whole experience was at the verge of being ridicolous and it made use feel very stupid to have wasted out hard-earned money on this (600 £ for two nights) I will never recommend this hotel to anyone and I will go so far as to actively discourage people from waisting their time and money here, when there is obviously much better value for money to be experienced in London.	
Dec 18 2007 	Hotel Great Location Great with some hidden supprises	Although I am acustomed to staying in hotels of this caliber I am not yet used to the london hotel scene which may mean that areas of this review may be a little naive.I stayed in the Langham with my Partner the weekend of 15th december 2007. we booked on a website and got a reasonable price of £162.00 per night for a standard double. It was a special occaision and went all out to make our theatre break speacial. At first the hotel appeared to be very well located nesstled in major shopping areas and the building deffinately had the wow factor inside and out. Our room was small and in need of a little work to bring it up to scratch but had fantastic view across the city (9th floor) and we had a nice bottle of champers in our room, which was a nice touch. Upon arrival it was pointed out that instead of the 5 star experience of getting all that was mentioned on the website included, all of the service that were above necessity were broken down and added to the bill similar to when you book a ryan air flight. You can use the spa and swimming pool facilities but it is an extra £20 per person you can have a cooked breakfast on top of your 'buffet breakfast', which on the saturday of our stay would have been an extra £27.50 (A La Carte, not buffet as mentioned on the website) and on the sunday an extra £8.00. We still did not get an explanation to what our buffet breakfast was supposed to include by the end of our stay ! (on the first day it appeared to be 5 minature croissants, hardly 5 star) the second day was slightly better as we had a choice of meat or cheese to go with it.In conclusion the hotel was lovely but the service and breakfast were the worse that I have ever experienced and I have stayed in travel lodge before!	
Nov 28 2007	quite quality hotel	Stayed for 1 night whilst in London to see a show. Hotel is well located at the top (quiet) end of regent st. Room was of good size with all the bits expected for a 5* Hotel. Staff friendly and breakfast in the artisian bar was good and unrushed.	
Nov 18 2007 	A hotel with a soul	I stayed there for two nights in Nov 08 during a business trip. The staff was friendly anh helpful. The room was clean, quiet, and otherwise ordinary. I like the location. It's easy to get around in London when it takes less than 5 minutes to walk to the Oxford Circus tube station.	
Nov 14 2007 	Central Retreat	The Langham is a great stopover for business or city breaks - handily placed near the crush of shoppers in Regent/Oxford Street and an easy walk from Oxford Circus tube. Surprisingly quiet for such a central hotel. We were in a discounted room though paid extra to be away from lifts and public areas - maybe a little TOO far as it seemed quite a trek but our own fault. Some refurbishment going on (Nov 2007) and our view over a building site was uninspiring but we were down overnighting for a party so not a great deal for us. We were there on a weekend so not sure if the quiet we enjoyed might not have been different on a workday. If you are &quot;doing&quot; London you might want to be a bit more specific about a room with a view. The public areas are as grand as you would expect from what was one of London's most grand hotels. Staff are attentive and plentiful. The pool is small but any pool in London is a plus (only area of hotel where we noticed some slippage in standards - pool area was untidy and the glass staircases had missed the cleaners' rota). Gym and steam/sauna are good - steam room has been designed with litigation in mind so with consent of other users stick a towel into the gap at bottom of door -and bingo! Could do with a slightly less rapacious fridge. We brought back some fruit and water and there was no space. If you lift out the bottles in place to make space they automatically get added onto your bill! Few minutes walk from the Wallace Collection - phone ahead and try and get there for one of the tours.	
Oct 23 2007 	Fantastic Hotel	We stayed at the Langham on Fri/Sat night during a weekend London theater trip. Everything about our stay was PERFECT. Our family of 4 was given an extremely large suite which included 1 king bed and, in the other room, a sofa double and an extra bed. We all had plenty of space and a beautifully appointed suite. Our stay was very quiet due to the double pane windows. All staff are very friendly and go out of their way to please you. Our theater (Palladium) was also a short walk from the Langham. London is a very expensive city and with the current exchange rate, quite costly for Americans. We did splurge, however the room rate was not much more than any other decent hotel in London considering that we would have to book 2 rooms for our family in most places. Our rate worked out to 118 GBP per room per night which is not bad at all considering the quality product and service we received. We did have room service one evening and everything was delicous, plentiful and reasonbly priced. I highly recommend.	
Oct 23 2007 	Underwhelming	Just a bit ordinary, tediously decorated rooms, OK pool , yawn.....There are much better places to stay in London.	
Oct 13 2007	A good choice in London perhaps soon to be an even better one	London has a lot hotels and the rates at all of them are ridiculous. You either stay at the top of the market and pay among the highest rates in the world or you try to select a more modest hotel and find yourself bunking in with the Iraqi terrorists. I know of no hotel market in the world where you get less value for more money than London.The Langham is one of those hotels at the top of the market in London, but in my experience it is somewhat more realistic in its pricing demands than most of its generally smug and self-satisfied competition. Even better, the Langham is comfortable, well-located, dignified, and discreet. The hotel has been undergoing a rolling rennovation program over the last couple of years that will culminate next year in half of its rooms being shut down until late 2008 for complete remodeling. I just hope they don't raise the rates too much when they are finally done. Dream on, huh?	
Oct 12 2007 	we love the Langham	Whenever we are in London, which is at least once a year, we stay at the Langham. It is our home there, we simply love this hotel	
Oct 7 2007 	Very average	We got a theatre and hotel deal on lastminute, so whilst we did not pay a great deal for our stay, I still felt somewhat disappointed with this hotel. The entrance and public rooms were all lovely and I looked forward to seeing our room. I could not have anitcipated quite how mediocre the room was. Small, shabbily decorated and quite poky. The bed was probably as old as the hotel itself, I could feel every spring poking through. How this hotel manages to keep its five star rating is a mystery to me, I will go back to the four star Kingsway Hall in Covent Garden, where I usually stay and not fall for the cut price deals at this supposed five star hotel. As an aside the staff were truly charming and helped redeem the experience a little.	
Oct 6 2007 	great location - ok experience	I like to stay near to Bond Street and Oxford Street for shopping convenience and usually go to Claridges. This time I couldnt face the rate for Claridges and was determined to try somewhere nearby but more reasonable. The location of the Langham is good for my needs (3 mins walk from Oxford Circus). We had a good if pricey lunch in the bar (£14 for 2 bottles of water). Our room was very disappointing. Shabby and so not 5 star. Breakfast fine and overall I would probably recommend it on the strength of its location but just don't pay too much.	
Oct 3 2007 	Impressive Five Star Hotel in a Good Location with Four Star Rooms	While I normally stay at 3 or 4 star properties, a £99 rate led me to the Langham. I booked through Londontown.com which had a 5 star ‘mystery’ hotel on Regent Street at that rate. My gut feeling was that the hotel must be the Langham and I was right. This was a spur of the moment three night weekend trip to visit friends. It would have been a four night trip if the rate that Thursday had not been £199.The check in staff was very attentive without being overbearing and did not protest when I told them there was no need to show me to my room. The room was available at noon. After an overnight flight, this is always very important to me. I must agree that the room itself was nothing special. It was clean, good repair and fairly spacious but there was nothing special about it. The bed was comfortable and air conditioning worked well. I would call it a 4 star room. The bath was what I expected of a 5 star hotel – opulent with good towels, toiletries and a powerful shower with constant water pressure. The public areas were of a very high standard.Yes, you can feel the rumbling of the tube underneath the hotel. The room was quiet but you can feel the trains going underneath. While I was a bit surprised, it reminded me some of home and I was not bothered by it.I did not use the other facilities. The bar was impressive but I prefer a real pub and so I made off down the street to a real local a few blocks away.The location is very central and it is easy to get most anywhere in London via Tube. Marylebone is close by and we ate most of our meals in that neighborhood at some very good restaurants. They also have all of the basic shops if you want to stop at a decent grocery or chemist. A lot of higher end stores sit along the High Street there too. Oxford Street is three blocks away and you can fulfill all your other needs there. Still, I was surprised how quiet things were in the immediate neighborhood.In short, I would never pay the rack rate at the Langham. Still, for the rate I paid, the hotel was excellent and I would stay there again if I could for less than $300 a night.	
Oct 2 2007 	not a five star hotel maybe three or four star maximum	Stayed at the langham hotel, and while the location was good the hotel was completely over priced for what it was. It is supposed to be a five star but i have stayed in three star hotels in Ireland with far better rooms. Room was small and there was loose wallpaper. The hotel also charges extra for the use of the pool and breakfast was very expensive (£25 full english). Stay was fine but you could be a lot better for your money near by.	
Sep 12 2007 	Langham is Lovely	We stayed at the Langham for three nights and were impressed from check-in to check-out. The staff was courteous and helpful and never once failed to answer our questions or take care of our needs. We stayed in a corner Langham Club room that was absolutely gorgeous. The very large room (with high ceilings, flowers, three huge windows and an immense bathroom with separate shower and tub) was a real luxury and made our trip very relaxing. We also had access to the Langham Club lounge which provides free continental breakfast, afternoon tea, snacks/appetizers, and even an open bar until 10:30 pm. Given how expensive London is for Americans, the free beverages and food in the Langham Club lounge really helped take the sting off the cost of eating and drinking outside of the Langham. The hotel also has a lovely gym and pool and is very close to the Oxford Circus tube stop and Picadilly Circus. If you can get a good deal, definitely stay at the Langham!	
Sep 7 2007 	Very pleasant surprise	I had read some negative reviews and was a little concerned, but we had found a very good rate and decided to risk it. From my first phone call to the concierge I was impressed.It's a lovely grand old hotel, excellent service, perhaps not the last word in luxury, but it far exceeded our expectations. Only breakfast, which was extensive (and included) but variable, was below the Langham's standard.	
Sep 6 2007 	A good choice in Central London	The Langham has a great location in central London, particularly for leisure travel. The communal areas are grand, service is good and, at the higher price ranges, the suites are lovely.We stayed in a cheapo &quot;superior&quot; room which was perfectly acceptable (and a relative bargain at £199), although to be honest you could have been in a mid-range hotel room anywhere. Good breakfast, served in a fairly frantic atmosphere given the number of guests.And I've always liked the bar here - but £6.50 for a pint of London Pride must be some kind of record. Stick to the cocktails.	
Sep 4 2007	Hotel 5* Rooms 3*	First impressions of the hotel were good, the staff were very freindly. However our rooms (on the 8th floor) were awful. They were the worst 5* rooms by far. It was small, dirty and tired with damaged fittings. The bathroom was to 5* standard however. Although the taps are a little dangeroud, they spurt out boiling hot water, so watch out. When you are paying 200GBP a night, this is not acceptable. So we complained and got moved to a slightly cleaner room. But still not to a standard higher than 3 or 4* (at a stretch). The pool and sports facilities at the leisure club was good however the jacuzzi area needs a clean and a revamp.  The new artesian bar was also very good, except for the service. We heard one waiter sware to another waiter. Not what one would expect. Dinner was very good, the staff are exceptional and the food above average. Yet the prices aren't excessive. Expect to spend 40GBP a head. Breakfast was included and the food was good, but limited in choice. This was held in the artesian bar. Again the service was poor. They simply didn't work efficiently and required alot more training. If you just want a room, do not go to this hotel. If you are looking for more this hotel is a good choice.	
Aug 30 2007 	Tired 5* hotel on its way back slowly!	We have just returned from 4 nights in the Langham(2 teenagers, 2 adults) and our first impression was great location, great porters, very grand foyer and quick and easy check in. Pity about the scaffolding on the outside of the building. Doorman suggested we take a drink at their newly refurbished bar while our bags are taken to our rooms and our car is parked for us. All sounds good so far! After our couple of glasses of wine (be prepared to pay about £10 a glass) we arrive at our rooms on the eighth floor. Not the club rooms so very well rated on this site, only to find both rooms, both the twin and the double both dull, poor lighting, tired bedding, in need of redecorating, terrible tv's, shower in old bathtubs, toilet not working too well etc etc. typical eighties decor in need of refurbishment.So with the newly opened bar, new restaurant due to open shortly, (limited menu available at present) scaffolding on the outside of the building, its easy to see that they are getting there, slowly! Problem that I have is that, the hotel was not full on any of the nights that we stayed, so surely they could of found rooms that have been refurbed for our stay.So bar is good, but expensive. car parking from thursday evening till 9am on a bank holiday monday morning was £130. So Until the Langham is finished its refurbishment program, there are better hotels available in london for the same money!	
Aug 12 2007	Club Level Worth It!	Just returned from Langham and would highly recommendstaying at a room on the Club Level, if you can get a decent rate.It is worth the extra money because you have access to24 hour food and drinks (Champagne for breakfast !) and personalized service that makes you feel like British royalty. This is a great hotel, located just off Oxford Circus and close to a very lively part of London, and within walking distance of the main sites. The tube and major bus routes iare 2 blocks from the hotel.I moved to this hotel from the Renaissance Chancery (Marriott) in Holborn because I had visited a friend who stayed here before and found it exceptional. There are many fine hotels in London, including the Renaissance but try the Langham and request a corner room on the Club Level. You won't regret it.	
Aug 7 2007 	Reliable Quality	I recently stayed again at this excellent hotel. Not many London hotels represent good value for money but in my view, the Langham does. For my needs it is a good location, the staff are friendly, courteous and deliver high service levels - all reflecting good training, the rooms are good rather than ritzy and the whole feel is positive and comfortable. I recommend the hotel to others and will be returning.	
Jul 5 2007 	Great Hotel!	We stayed in this hotel for one night. We were visiting friends who live outside of London, and decided to stay in a hotel for the night. We were not in this hotel for very long, but while there, we really enjoyed it! We were upgraded to a bigger room and it was very nice! The room and bathroom were both very big. I would definitely go back to this hotel for a longer stay!	
Jul 3 2007	Lovely hotel but avoid the expensive bar!	This is a hotel with class. The location is excellent as are the rooms - spacious, clean and luxurious. The receptionist walked me to my room, which was very kind and genuine. I paid £100 per night, which I thought was an excellent rate for such a hotel. However, after a few glasses of wine with friends in the very pleasant bar, the bill was astonishing. If you are wealthy, you won't worry about this. But I am not. Overall, well done the Langham.	
May 25 2007	Great Service 	This hotel was very grand in its day but it is showing it's age. I had to change rooms because the first one was cramped and seemed unclean--maybe just because of the age of the hotel. The second room was brighter, a bit larger and seemed like it was much cleaner--maybe it had been renovated more recently. It did not face the street so it was nice and quiet. The lesson I learned from staying here, is to ask older hotels if the sink has one spout. The Langham has beautiful fixtures but one spout for cold and a separate one for hot--and it's really hot. I appreciate old traditions but I like warm running water and I ended up brushing my teeth and washing my face in the tub!I was there around the holiday season November 2006 and there were lots of parties going on. I tried to ask a man who was dressed very &quot;hip&quot; for dining suggestions but he ignored me. Apparently he was a very famous English &quot;rocker&quot; --guess he was miffed I didn't recognize him!The staff is pleasant and the service is wonderful however. The breakast buffet is expensive because it offers a lot and the staff does try to accommodate your needs. I enjoyed it but once was enough. With the exchange rate being $2USD to 1GBP, I save my $ for dinner. The bar staff is also very hospitable I found when I went to have a nightcap before going up to the room. Internet charge is expensive. Health Club nice to work out in.There is a lot to do within walking distance. Picadilly Circus is about a 10-15 minute scenic walk past all the shops on Regent street.If not for the old fashioned sink, I wouldn't mind staying there again if I could get a room for around $300. I would deal with the sink if the rate was closer to $200. There are just too many other options in the $300-400 range.	
May 14 2007	Castlelike Experience!	We were booked at the Langham thru our tour group and we were not disappointed. The is truly a grand Hotel. Like all things in England, if you book on your own it will be expensive. One night our air went out in our room and they were right on the problem. They could not fix it and moved us immediately across the hall no problem. The morning breakfast buffett was my only problem. If it was not for the fruit and cereal section I would have starved. The British are not know for good food. Being from the South it was a shock. But the hotel and staff are very gracious and go out of their way for you. I would overall recommend it to anyone. Room service was even very much on the ball. Beautful building and good location. S. Carter, Fayeteville, Tn.	
Apr 16 2007 	Quite loved it	I've stayed at the hotel for 2 nights in the middle of April, and I want to say that apart from the reivews I've seen here I like the hotel a lot. Of course the underground noise is there, especially in the part of the building with the club rooms, but it didn't affect my sleep at all. I guess that if you have problems with your sleep normally it will be bothering you, but in case you're like me go to sleep easily no matter where there won't be any problems. I've stayed in the club room on the 4th floor and while the view was awful, or better to say there weren't any view at all, the room was quite big, with a long corridor, and the bathroom was giant with separate bath and walk-in shower. I've also enjoyed the reading and club lounges of the hotel, the reading lounge offers complimentary interent access which was very convenient and of course drinks and light snacks were there.All of the stuff I've met throughout my stay was polite and willing to help. After all that's an LHW property but not as pricey as the Ritz for example. Honestly you should expect as much as you've paid for from the hotel.	
Apr 3 2007 	Pauline Wards 60th Birthday!	The Porter greeted us most cordially and attended professionally to our bags. Despite our very early arrival we were smoothly checked in and allowed access to our rooms, which was great. The rooms were spacious very well equipped, warm, tastefully decorated, no spectacular views, but the bed linen was lovely, everything was spotless and the shower was great. No complimentary bottled water which was a minor complaint &amp; no bidet in our bathroom, but their might be in others. We had afternoon tea in the Merrion Room which was we felt almost as good as the Ritz without the 'pomp'. We had excellent service and the ambience in the room was perfect for us, the sandwiches were replenished and the cakes were divine and plentiful. The concierge was really helpful and avoided us having to queue in the rain by booking our tickets for Madame Tassauds in advance for us over the telephone whilst we waited which prooved essential. The breakfast the next morning was 'superb' nothing had been overlooked, the choice of both hot and cold food was second to none, the fresh bread was excellent. The only odd thing was the 'muesli' which looked very unappetising as it appeared to be floating in yoghurt! Express checkout was good and again the Porter directed us cheerfully and correctly to Libertys which was only a 5 minute walk down the road. Finally I had to call them 2 days later to ask if I had left my hair straighteners in the room and surprise, surprise they had been found and they were posted to me immediately at no cost and they arrived the very next day. Excellent location, excellent service will definately return, well worth every penny!	
Feb 28 2007 	Second Bad Vibrations	We stayed at the Langham for three nights at the end of Feb., also in a third floor room of the &quot;Langham Club&quot; facing Regent Street. The noise and vibration from the Underground is indeed an issue.... it stops only when the trains aren't running after 1:00 AM and until about 6:00 AM. It's also VERY apparent when having cocktails in the bar next to the &quot;Memories Restaurant&quot;When we talked to the Reception Desk in the Langam Club, they readily acknowledged the problem. We were offered a room on a higher floor, but were told the problem would only be diminished, not eliminated (as the previous reviewer noted). We elected to stay, but didn't sleep well at all during the entire stay.I am also surprised that this issue was not mentioned earlier on Tripadvisor. (Or perhaps rooms not on the Regent St. side are not affected at all?) In any event, I was very disappointed that the hotel chooses to hide this problem, and just wait for guests to complain. Should you decide to stay here, DO NOT unpack until you stay in the room for an hour or two, and determine for yourself if this is an issue for you.Otherwise, our room (#388) was fine.. spacious, reasonably well-decorated, good linens, large, well-appointed bathroom.But if you can't sleep, what's the point????	
Jan 20 2007 	Bad Vibrations!	This would be the first time that reliance on TripAdvisor reviews has been a mistake.I'm a member of the Leaders Club and have preference for properties that belong to &quot;Leading Hotels of the World&quot;, so when I booked the Langham for 2 nights I expected far better than what I got.First off, the room was on the 3rd floor overlooking Regent St, and fairly ordinary in decor, with a &quot;compact&quot; bathroom, otherwise spotlessly clean. The worst thing is the Underground is directly below the hotel and you can hear the trains rumbling from morning to night vibrating the Regent St side of the property.I was moved to the 7th Floor to a far better room (but still overlooking Regent St) where the noise was more subdued but still noticeable.This property does not merit membership of Leading Hotels of the World	
Jan 16 2007 	No more Britishness	Driving up to the Langham certainy makes an impression. It's a beautiful victorian building, which stood there for many years, claiming to be London's first 5 star hotel. Well, once you get inside, that's another story. The lobby is quite nice, however the rooms are small and look very tired. The main restaurant and palm court tea room looks like it got stuck in the eighties. The hotel has lost all its victorian elegance by opening a horrible, purple, modern and overwhelming oriental themed bar. A friend told me that the restaurant is also going oriental themed. Seems a bit strange for a hotel advertising itself as originally british, not even to mention the poor level of english from staff. A simple question like &quot;Can i have an extra towel&quot; to the maid in the corridor is an exhausting task. All in all the Langham has lost it's appeal. And if you are thinking of going there for just afternoon tea, then you are better off going to the Ritz on Green Park. anon.	
Jan 10 2007 	A bargain from lastminute	Having bought theatre tickets, we booked one night at the Langham Hotel from [----]. The price was less than half the price of the Ritz and Savoy, considerably cheaper than the nearby Sanderson, and included breakfast for two. The location cannot be faulted - literally a 5 minute walk from the London Palladium, and within easy walking distance of most of London's theatreland, and Oxford Street of course. The room was a decent size for an internet bargain - the bed was large and extremely comfortable. The bathroom was clean, though the hot water only came out of the tap in a dribble - we had to fill the bath up using the shower attachment. Service was polite, friendly and efficient, as were check-in and check-out, and the cooked breakfast was very good, with &quot;proper&quot; English sausages and bacon. If we want to escape for another night, then we will definitely go there again.	
Jan 5 2007 	Wonderful experience in a great location	Having stayed at the Langham for the first time over the New Year holiday for 3 days I can honestly say that it was my most pleasant hotel experience to date. From the moment we arrived the exceptionally friendly staff could not do enough to help us, I honestly don't think that they know how to use the word &quot;no&quot;, and with the most absolutely perfect location for shopping, 20 seconds from Regent street, 2 mins for oxford street / circus. We stayed in the Langham Club area of the hotel, and booked the &quot;romance&quot; package which included champagne, chocolates fruit and fresh flowers in your room on arrival and also a complementary &quot;Romance&quot; dinner in the Memoirs restaurant, which in itself is an experience not soon forgotten, we counted 20 staff that took care of us with various aspects of the meal, such great service and amazing food in a beautiful setting. Go on spoil yourself!!	
Dec 20 2006 	friendly staff	just returned from 2 nights at the langham hotel to celebrate my husband's birthday and can highly recommend it for it's location (great for oxford street) and the staff who were very friendly.we had a superior double room on the 9th floor (which i requested thanks to a review i had read) with a great view of the london eye.there was a lift which wasn't working but it didn't affect our stay to the point that we wanted to complain about it. we didn't have breakfast included in the deal and at £25 each we thought it was over priced. ended up having breakfast at the garfunkels restaurant round the corner on regent's street for around £15 for the both of us.i would recommend the langham for anyone who would like to stay in a 5 star hotel for a couple of days and if you can get a good deal it is really worth it.i will definately return to this hotel for a special treat again.	
Dec 2 2006 	Loved the Langham	What can we say - We had the most perfect stay at The Langham Hotel London W1We booked the Love at the Langham Club Room Package which included champagne, flowers, chocolates and fruit in the room. We also enjoyed a 3 course dinner at Memories Restaurant which was the best meal we've ever had tasted in our lives, a full English Breakfast, along with access to the Club Lounge for champagne and snacks as part of the deal. The room itself was bright and spacious had three large windows, one of which looked down towards Oxford Circus. The bathroom was large too, had marble floors and a huge mirror. There was also a separate walk in shower. The location was excellent perfect for shopping on Oxford Street. We took a walk up towards Regents Park the following morning which was quiet and romantic. Although we thought it was expensive, we felt it was worth it for a special treat. It was like an Oasis, we loved it there and would love to return.	
Nov 21 2006 	just ok	took some friends up to london on a theatre trip andstayed at this hotel.hotel adequate, staff friendly and helpful, rooms clean and tidy but only 4 star in my opinion, building work going on, and drinks and inroom bar very expensive.paid £115.00 per room per night and was happy at that price, but would not be if i had paid a lot more. normally stay at a hotel called NO 41, which is much classier.	
Nov 2 2006 	Don't waste your money	Stayed here from 25-27 October 2006. Very poor all round. 1. No door staff when I arrived...ok, it was after 11pm but this is supposed to be 5*...so I was left to struggle through the narrow revolving door with luggage...not great when you have been working/travelling all day2. You get a voucher for £10 on arrival for the mini-bar...again, not very 5*...I suppose it acts as a forewarning of the multiple ways the Langham is going to try to charge you during your stay3. Bathroom slippers are designed for the 5-12 year old age bracket...do not fit the normal adult foot4. Service charge of 12.5%...this is added to everything and is not discretionary...I find this unacceptable5. £10 for daily use of the gym/pool facilities...can someone pls tell me why you pay 5* prices and then have to pay extra to use the facilities6. Hotel decor...its just very, very tired...and the decor of Palm restaurant makes you feel like you are on a cheap cruise ship7. Pokey rooms...my room was very small, probably less than 200 sq ft...and the tea/coffee facility made me feel like I am staying a roadside motel. I had requested a room with a view when I made my booking 3 days beforehand...but they had no such rooms available when I arrived...I was given the excuse that &quot;it was very late and they are all gone&quot;. Not very 5*Needless to say, I have no intention of darkening the door of this hotel again!!!	
Oct 22 2006 	North Yorkshire trip to London made even better by the Langham.	We booked the Langham through a special deal site. So our pre-expectations matched the deal. We were pleasantly surprised. Yes our view was of other hotel rooms but hey this is London and we were club class. Some people who write reviews on Trip Advisor really need a reality check!!As for it being not very sexy if you want sexy, go and book the overpriced oneAldywch. Im a late thirties contemporary sort of bloke and the Langham to me is classy sexy, a proper 5 star hotel.The staff were very friendly and we were made most welcome.The bedroom was immaculately clean and the marble bathroom was pretty special. On the accessory front we discovered an extra hairdryer, which was a nice touch. Room service was prompt and again not that pricey considering the location and rating. Best BLT sandwich I have ever had....great chocolate moose sweet too. Disappointingly we did not have time to check the health spa out and the restaurant. Only thing I will say is if you need a taxi on Saturday ask the concierge to book one. As we had a bit of a wait for one. This was no fault of the hotel.We have stayed at other 5 star hotels through special deal sites and this is the first time a hotel has matched its rating.In London you can start to feel Bamboozled by the number of hotels. But this is certainly a hotel we will stay at again and next time I will sample the spa and restaurant. Centrally located just near Oxford Circus. I dare say if you probably paid full rate then you might be more inclined to moan if expectations are not met e.g one of the lifts was out of action. But that was no big deal. We found no faults and had no problems. All in all a great two night stay. Its certainly on my list of hotels to revisit!!	
Sep 14 2006 	As unsexy as it can get	I stayed 1 night at the Langham and was shocked by the poor condition of the rooms and how tired this property is. For me it's unbelievable how this property pass the Leading Hotels of the World reviews. My room was dull and tired. The bathroom was filthy with a cracked bathtub, dirty shower curtain and cheap bathroom products. The front desk staff was unwilling to help.The waiters at breakfast was quick and accurate, so were the bellmen.It's outrageous that guests have to pay 15 pounds to use the fitness facilities, unacceptable when you pay close to 300 pounds a night.All in all this is a very unpersonal hotel without charm. It does not meet any need more than to provide you with a bed to sleep in.Don't stay here!	
Sep 6 2006 	Phenomenal Hotel	Had a phenomenal time at the Langham. Stayed in a club level room. Very polite staff and the lounge for club level guests is unmatched. The room was recently refurbished and had one of the best showers I've ever found in a hotel. Great location near Regent Street shopping. I would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 29 2006 	Wonderful location if you can afford the price tag!	I managed to get a ridiculously cheap deal for a night in this hotel (at a bargain price of £30!), which was definitely worth it. We had a booking for a superior room, and were asked if we would like to upgrade for £40, but as that was more than I paid for the room, I declined. Strangely enough, we were upgraded regardless, to an executive room. The Langham is in a wonderful location - 2 minutes walk down the non busy end of Regent Street, very close to Oxford Street. It looks very impressive from the exterior, being a huge building, with a doorman waiting to pick up your bags, whilst you walk on the red carpet, and through the sliding doors! The staff were very very efficient, and we were able to check in without any fuss. It was an amazing treat to see that we had been upgraded. The main differences between the superior and the executive rooms are the amenities available in the bathroom, the size of the bathroom and also, the room is 'furnished by Harrods'. Well it sounds plush! The exective room is a good size. The bed is very comfortable, but its not so much king size as it is two smaller beds pushed together! There are an array of Sky TV channels available, and at a cost of just under £10, you can pay for movies/playstation games. Tea and coffee making facilities are provided, but there are no biscuits given!! The mini bar is well stocked, but extortionate. The bathroom is marble furnished, and very clean, with the added bonus of a steam proof mirror. Lovely robes and slippers are also provided, which are an extra asset! We also received an unexpected and complimentary bowl of fruit.There are there dining areas, but we already had dinner plans so I cannot speak for dinner or drinks in the hotel. As mentioned in many previous reviews, there is a slightly OTT spa price of £7 per person per day. I have a gym membership thats valid in many parts of London, so I declined that offer too!We had the English breakfast included, which is a buffet. I thought it was poor value for money at £25 per person, but the food served is lovely. This includes pastries, an array of fruits, yoghurts, breads, etc, as well as the full English. This is a 5* hotel, and do expect to pay 5* prices...unless you find an amazing deal like I did. And if you do, for a Victorian built, and beautifully maintained, top class hotel, it's more than worth the money!	
Aug 13 2006 	only nice thing was marble bathroom	When you wake up in the rooms in this hotel you could just as well be in a Travel Lodge. The only special thing was the marble bathroom suite. The view from the window was a brick wall. i was so disappointed as we wanted to stay some where special.In reception the staff looked down their noses at us and the bar man had a real laugh ripping us off at the bar.In the morning we were expecting something special- it was awful. A cold help yourself english breakfast- for the money i at least thought it would be cooked to order. An american guest sat waiting for 30 minutes waiting for waitress service- he had a long wait.Even if i won the lottery i would not stay there again.	
Aug 11 2006 	All round Great Hotel	My wife and I decided at short notice to go to see &quot;We will Rock You&quot; with an overnight stay. Trip Advisor gave the Langham a pretty good rating so we found a good price and booked it. We were very pleased with the hotel from the Valet parking through reception and restaurant staff. Value for money is very good, considering this is slap bang in the centre of London. We had dinner and breakfast as well as room service. All were top notch and we would certainly recommend it to anyone and will certainly go back. Only negative is maybe don't bother with the Spa/ healthclub. very hard to find and not terrible welcoming, plus you have to pay extra to use it. So pass on that and you will have a wonderful time!	
Jul 22 2006	First Class - Fantastic!	My mother and I have just returned from a shopping trip to London. A trip that was made perfect by our stay at the Langham.We stayed for 3 nights in a Club room in the Langham Club level of the hotel. The room was fantastic. Good size, modern and all the mod cons you could ask for. The bed was fantastically comfortable, with fine quality linens. The room also had 2 comfortable easy chairs, a cd player and tea and coffee making facilities.The bathroom was equally as impressive. A fabulous power shower, seperate bath tub, fluffy towels and robes and plenty of quality toiletries.Our club room gave us access to the club lounge, which serves a beautiful continental breakfast, and drinks and snacks through out the day. My Mum and I where able to return to the lounge several times throughout the day to have canapes and champagne to help us along with our shopping! The lounge serves drinks until 10.30pm and this is included in the price of your room!We also ate at the hotel restaurant - Memories. Neither of us could fault the meal and service in any way. It was fantastic. In fact we ate at The Ivy the following night and Memories was every bit as good.The staff at the Langham were all excellent. Everyone from the doormen to the waiting staff were wonderful. The conceirge was most helpful, arranging several things for us. The hotel is perfectly located for the shops, and the hop on hop off sight seeing bus. Oxford Circus is literally a 2 minute walk, just round the corner from the hotel and all the theatres are a short taxi ride away. The hotel is also opposite the BBC, so you can spot the radio DJ's going to and fro work. I thoroughly reccommend this hotel, we had a fantastic stay and can't wait to return.	
Jul 18 2006	Lovely Hotel	A lovely hotel. This was our first trip to the UK and the Langham was a wonderful introduction to the city. This grand old dame of a building was the perfect setting for our vacation. Though it was a gracious old building with very proper English staff and rather formal looking, it was wonderfully situated at the end of Regent Street right near the hustle and bustle of a lot of shops, night life and a tube station about 2 blocks away. Perfect! And being rather casual Americans we never felt ouf of place in our blue jeans. The rooms were very comfortable and as an American who can never seem to get a proper cup of hot tea in the morning here in the states I was absolutely delighted with the powerful tea kettle in the room! Amenities were top notch with mini bars, safes, plush bedding, etc. in each room. The public spaces were also in great condition. The staff were very professional and accommodating. The concierge went out of his way to help me when British Air lost one of my bags. Rather than spend all day on the phone trying to track it down, he took down my claim number and told me to go ahead and go site seeing while he took care of it. When we returned, there was a type written note under my door saying that they had located my bag and would have it to me later in the afternoon after BA delivered it to the hotel. Amazing! The only down side of this property is that the lifts were very small and one of them was out of order for at least a day which led to long wait times. I also didn't much care for the breakfast but that's probably because European breakfasts (especially the meats) and American breakfasts are quite different. I didn't have time to use the spa so I can't comment on that. To sum up: I would definitely recommend this property.	
Jul 11 2006 	Disappointment at a price	The Langham sets out to be a magnificent major hotel. I stayed in a suite on the third floor, and would have been more impressed if:- One third of my room had not been removed to provide space for a store (I pointed this out to the lady on booking in, but she seemed happy to charge me the full £350 for only 66% of a suite).- The Bathroom had not had that hotel smell of old shower curtains- The windows had been cleaned any time in the previous five years- The Daily Telegraph I ordered in the morning had not been replaced by something Japanese- The room had had a double bed rather than two singles pushed together with a sheet over them.In short, a bit of a rip-off really. For the same money, and a miles better ambience/room/bathroom/pazzazz go a mile down the road to the Landmark, one of the best hotels in London.	
Jun 21 2006 	Wonderful to return to	I was looking forward to my third stay at this excellent hotel recently and was not disappointed. Whilst not as luxurious as perhaps some in London, this hotel offers excellent value. Very good service levels and excellent rooms make this an easy and enjoyable place to stay. The location particularly suits me and I would recommend the hotel to anyone looking to stay in this area at around this pricing.	
Jun 11 2006	5 star bar!	We stayed here as part of an unseen 5star hotel and theatre deal. Delighted when we realised it was the Langham and first impressions were good. The room was of the expected standard - however no complimentary bottled water or biscuits to have with that morning cup of tea was disappointing for this class of hotel. We had a lovely evening and returned about 11pm planning to have a drink in one of the 2 hotel bars advertised. The first (gentlemens club type) was a bit staid so we went to look for the vodka bar.... Got lost -despite following the signs- only to be told it had been closed for a year! Bizarrely a waiter showed us to the wood pannelling where the door used to be! Then to the temporary bar which was now set up for breakfast! We gave in and had a staid nightcap! In the morning we planned a quick dip in the pool before heading out for breakfast (not included) - be prepared to spend £7.50 for a swim!Overall - we know it's London but for the minimal cost of the extras it would make this a great hotel.	
Apr 10 2006	Great night away	We decided to have a Saturday night in town and stayed here after reading the hotel reviews.Overall it was a very enjoyable stay. The service was excellent, quick and very friendly. We asked for some additional items for our room and housekeeping delivered them in 5 minutes. We had dinner and the &quot;English&quot; breakfast in the Memories dining room. Dinner was very enjoyable with good informal service but not inexpensive. The wine list prices particularly were on the high side. Breakfast was excellent: I cannot remember such high quality and variety anywhere I have stayed. If the buffet did not contain exactly what you wanted they were prepared to cook specially for you.The room was quite spacious for London and the bathroom and shower excellent.Only downside was the distance sound of music at midnight from a Lloylds TSB sales function in the ballroom. We could hear this and we were on the 5th floor!My wife used the beauty and message parlour. Treatments were good but the equipment (e.g. no pedicure chair) dated for a location of this type.We shall be back when we can get a good rate.	
Mar 20 2006	Highly Recommend	The double twin room I shared with my daughter was surprisingly spacious, well appointed and in very good condition. Large bathtub and excellent shower in an equally spacious bathroom. Our rate included a &quot;continental breakfast&quot; which was in fact a complete, and very delicious breakfast. Staff was uniformally pleasant and helpful. Location was a short 2 blocks from the Oxford tube stop and very convenient. Assuming the rates don't go through the roof, I would certainly book a return stay.	
Mar 5 2006	Pleasantly Surprised	Travel frequently to London and wanted to give the Langham a try. Was pleasantly surprised: the hotel itself is very nice, great entry, large room and bath, friendly staff, etc. The only thing I didn't like had nothing to do with the hotel. I tired of having to walk down Oxford or Regent Street to return to the hotel -- massive numbers of shoppers and crowds to get past. But if crowds don't bother you, the hotel itself is quite nice. For a good price I would consider staying here again.	
Mar 3 2006 	Best I have comne across in London	I had a very pleasant stay at the Langham. The Hotel is ideally located for business travellers and tourists alike. Smooth service during check in and checkout, good room service, nice clean large rooms, lots of amenities, very comfortable bed as you would expect from a member of the “Leading Hotels of the World”.Since I am a member of the “Leaders Club”, I got a room upgrade which was very nice. The Spa is very large and the fitness and pool facilities were also large by London standards although closed for renovation during my stay. I did not try the restaurant or bar but from a quick peek, I can say that they looked really nice and I will try them out the next time.Sure, this hotel is not a bargain, but none of the nice London hotels are and you are getting more for your pound than in many other luxury accommodations.I will definitely return.	
Feb 21 2006	Insulting treatment	My best friend and I checked in for a two night stay and were &quot;upgraded&quot; as I chanced my arm and requested this as it was my friends birthday.Well,if this room was an upgrade Im glad we got one.Tired and in need of a referbishment.On inspection we discovered the bath was full of --- hairs and there was an unwrapped boiled sweet on the floor.Very poor for a five star hotel.When reception were informed of this they offered us a drink at the bar which we accepted and decided to avail of when we were going out.After having a swim we discovered the bath had still not been cleaned and getting frustrated I dialled direct to management.Her appeasemaent was to &quot;upgrade&quot; our breakfast to full English.I was unaware that our rate did not include full English as it just stated &quot;breakfast included&quot;.Eventually our room was cleaned and we went to the lobby to have our drink.We were led to the bar to sit down.We were then told that our choice was a soft drink only.I was insulted beyond belief.My friend and I are 38 years old!!I declined their offer.Breakfast was very good and all selections hot and cold were available to all the guests.The managements upgraded breakfast was a nonsense.The following day at 3pm our room hadnt been serviced and when we checked out our bags were not brought down to the looby as promised.I have renamed the Langham a Member of the Misleading Hotels of the World.	
Feb 13 2006	excellent hotel and location	my daughter bought me my stay as a christmas present and a show and we had a great weekend. what can i say about this hotel. we had a beautiful room and the reception staff were very friendly and helpful. the gym and spa were also very good. thoroughly enjoyed our stay at this hotel and would recommend it highly	
Feb 5 2006	Great Stay	Thanks to a good a price (11 pounds) I decide to go in this hotel. It was the first that I went to such a category. I was very surprises by the quality and atmosphere of this palace. When I arrived I receive a superior room instead of a standard. It was full-equiped with a luxurious furniture. (Play station, Internet and Pay-tv). I got everything I need, you don't have to take toothpasta, comb,..), all is provided. The room are large, comfortable with a kingsize bed, desk, table, dressing and a large bathroom.The swimming pool is beautiful with a fitness area. There is also cosmetics after having a shower with cream,... In the morning you receive a free newspaper.The hotel is close to Oxford Circus which is very conveniant when you want to go out or even to walk in the shops.The staff is very pleased to welcome you and offer you a quality of service I've never had.So I you can afford such a hotel and If you can have a good price, don't hesitate and enjoy a wonderfull stay at Langham hotel.	
Feb 5 2006	Wonderful hope to stay again	We were lucky enough to receive a night's stay here as a present and I can say it was brilliant. The service was unbelievable, the room and bathroom were amazing, it was everything you could want from a 5* hotel.I hope to have the money to stay here again someday!	
Feb 2 2006	The best so far	Stayed for one night here last week, excellent though pricey BUT better value than many other 5* london hotels. Excellent staff and service though I too did feel the bed a little on the hard side and would like to see more modern shower units fitted. Room service was the best i have come across in UK but beware of the automatic mini bar .. so easy to get charged for just looking. I need refridgeration for medications and they kindly put a mini fridge in the room for me ...thats service!! Wonderful breakfast spread and superb cocktails. Only hiccup was related to a panic over luggage left with concierge BUT thats not something that will happen to many ..i hope.	
Jan 30 2006 	Best so far in London	Stayed twice in this hotel and so far this is the best in London. Pricey (what isn't in London?), but a lot of amenities included, so value for money not bad. Good West End location, thought not the most central. Good size, comfortable rooms. Good service. Definitely a good choice if you can negotiate a price.	
Jan 21 2006	good hotel rather 4 than 5 star...	My friend and I stayed at Langham 10th dec- 15.dec. Good hotel, but rather 4 than 5*. Location perfect for shopping, oxford street just 2 block away, and a short walk to Covent Garden. The room and hallways need an upgrade. However we got new crisp sheets every day, although the bed was a bit too hard. The breakfast was wonderful, and the resturant had a colonial charm, with excellent food and attentive staff. I would recommend Langham if you get a good deal, but for full price it`s not worth it.Bergen, Norway	
Jan 19 2006	Beautiful hotel	I stayed at the Langham for New Years Eve with my boyfriend, and had a really wonderful time. Check in was smooth and moved quickly. We chose an executive room which had a king size bed and a marble bathroom. It was beautifully decorated and as homely as a hotel room could ever be! We thought the morning paper and offer to turn our bed down was a nice touch (although I imagine that is almost expected, but 5* hotels are a treat for me!!) We were also provided with bathrobes and the biggest pair of slippers I've ever seen in my life! Everything was lovely and clean, my only complaint being that the shower was unadjustable and too low down the wall for anyone over 5'8!We ventured into the bar during the evening, where service was slower and less attentive than I would have liked, but unfortunately that is often an attitude I encounter as a female in her early 20's. Other than that, all the staff were pleasant and efficient, and the cocktails were great!Although we did not eat in the restaurant, I heard reports that the food was lovely. Personally I recommend Sri Thai in Soho where the food was gorgeous and the service excellent.I would definately return to the Langham to try out the spa and take advantage of a brilliant location, a stone's throw from Oxford Street, and wouldn't hesitate to recommend it. Have a lovely time!	
Jan 18 2006 	Very pleasant stay	The Langham started life as a hotel in the mid-nineteenth century, then was used as studios by the BBC, before reverting back. (It has been very nicely renovated).It is located just a couple of minutes north of Oxford Circus, so good for shoppers and central for tourists (barely a mile from Regents Park to the north, Picadilly &amp; Trafalgar Square to the south).I stayed one night for a conference. I found the staff excellent, without exception: pleasant, efficient, warm and helpful. The food was good, and the room was generously-sized by central London standards. I would definitely stay there again.One gripe, charging people to use the gym when they are already paying top notch seems a bit mean...	
Jan 9 2006	Memorable Christmas	We just spent a lovely Christmas Holiday at The Langham Hotel London.We stayed for 11 Nights in the Langham Club floor and the additional amenities that come with the upgrade is well worth the price,considering that everything in London is sooo expensive. The Langham Club includes breakfast,afternoon cakes and sandwiches and evening hot and cold munchies with drinks as well!The room was more than a good size,very well equipped,and with a small sofa and arm chairs, and a beautiful marble bath. The staff was more than gracious and very helpful. The location is wonderful for shopping,2 blocks to Oxford St. and the Oxford St. tube as well.A nice surprise was the Christmas Stocking with the &quot;goodies&quot; left on our pillow on Christmas Eve! With the extra touches, quality of the rooms,and graciousness of the staff , The Langham Hotel is surely on our list for a return visit.	
Jan 1 2006	Worth every penny!!	I have just returned home after staying in the hotel last night and I felt I had to write a review just to say what a lovely time myself and my partner had staying at the hotel for new years eve. I had spent a lot of time deliberating over what hotel to stay in in London and I'm 100% happy with my choice. The staff were very helpful and friendly, nothing was too much touble. The room was beautiful. The swimming pool was also delightful. I will be reccommending the hotel to others when they are in town. We paid £175 for 1 night and it was worth every penny.	
Dec 26 2005 	I'll go again	Yeah, the rooms were a bit smallish, but clean and well appointed.The service was terrific and the staff, multi-national and very gregarious.The price is ok for the location, which is within a pretty easy walk of the best shopping in London. Therefore I am required to take my wife there when I return.One thing - the cab ride to Gatwick is one and a half hours. That's 1.5. Don't let anyone tell you otherwise. It took us that long and it was a Sunday morning with no traffic.	
Dec 15 2005 	Nice place - shame about the reception staff	Being familar with good hotels in London, we decided to give the langham a go for a change. The hotel is very nice - elegant and central. We had a good stay, and also had entry to the club bar, with free champagne and food (Their free house champagne is Laurent Perrier - very nice too)Our problem was with the room and the rude reception staff. We paid around £220 with VAT each for the two rooms that we had booked. Our friend's room was over twice the size of ours, and they were kept waiting until 1830 for their room, as someone was ill in it. Our room was on the end of the corridor and the bed ended nearly where the wall began. I assumed (never assume anything!) that we would be given a discount for having the cupboard room, but the receptionist was having none of it and dealt with us in a brusque, rude manner. I am going to stick to the Sanderson and The Berkely after the service we recieved but otherwise, this is a good hotel.	
Dec 13 2005	Great location....but	If you want to stay in a hotel near the shopping centre of London, the Langham is an ideal choice but.....be prepared to keep putting your hand in your pocket. Everything extra is charged for, even items that you would have received free in a hotel that calls itself 5 star and one of the 'Great Hotels of the World'. Water at your dining table will cost you extra, there are no bicuits with the coffee/tea in your room, use of the leisure facilities is an additional cost, a whisky (nothing special) and ginger is charged at about £9.00, etc., etc. On the other hand, the staff are extremely helpful, and nothing seems too much bother. The Langham is a great 4 star hotel, but certainly doesn't compare with other 'Great Hotels' such as the Claridge, Paris, or the Michelango, New York. Try it, but be aware! It may not be what you expect!	
Dec 6 2005 	Loved it	My wife and I stayed there for a quick work/pleasure get away to London. The rooms were nice, the staff very helpful and the gym/spa first rate. A pleasant surprise was the very high quality of the dinner we had at Memories the hotel restaurant. We were exhausted so decided to eat there instead of venturing out. We had a fantastic meal. The Langham was first rate in every respect. I would highly recommend it.	
Oct 8 2005	Nice but Over Priced	Nice clean hotel with great restaurants and facilities. Rooms are a great size but are just missing an edge to really elevate the hotel to its full potential. I would stay there again if the right deal was available.	
Sep 25 2005	Great Choice	The Langham is a great hotel in great location. One block south puts you into the start of the tourist zones and shopping. One block east puts you into a quiet residential area with some nice restaurant choices. A few blocks west and your in a more business area with good eating and shopping choices. The room was an average London small but quite plush and very comfortable. The plus is the pool - a nice place to relax after a full day of walking. I would definitely look to stay there again.	
Sep 21 2005	best hotel in london	When i go to london i always stayed at this hotel last time we stayed at claridges for a change in my opinion its not worth the extra cost.The Langham will always be in my mind the best hotel in london with its friendly staff superb decor and comfortable rooms.It doesnt matter who you are you will always feel a million bucks arriving outside this superp hotel.Hope you enjoy your stay i have no doubt you will.DS	
Sep 15 2005	Outstanding service! Excellent location	I found the staff at the Langham to be outstanding. I was travelling alone and I felt as though everyone wanted to take special care of me. Breakfast at the Langham is a little pricey but I found the cost of the rooms to be reasonable compared to other hotels in this category so the cost of breakfast didn't bother me. The rooms are well appointed and have all the conveniences you would expect at any finer hotel. I was surprised to find that I didn't need a convertor for my battery charger and of course, there was a hair dryer. I would definitely stay at the Langham again...it became my home away from home for the 3 days I was there.	
Sep 14 2005	Splendid	The excellent Langham has a great location making access to Oxford and Regent Streets an easy walk; even Soho and the West End are manageable without a cab, given a suitable shoe/sock combination. The impressive building and interiors are well matched by the staff who were exceptionally courteous and efficient throughout our stay; something sadly not guaranteed in London, even with a hotel of this calibre. Our room was nicely decorated in a traditional style, and of a good size with a comfortable bed, the room was clean, bright and airy with effective aircon. For those seeking to minimize the costs of additional extras, there proved to be plenty of local establishments catering for breakfasts, drinks and dinners, despite the opinion of a previous reviewer; the Langham is only 200 yards from Oxford Circus, so how can anything be far away? We will certainly go back to what has become in one visit our favorite London hotel; having searched for a worthy successor to the Waldorf since it’s disappointing makeover, we think we’ve found it.	
Sep 13 2005	L stangham has no flaws	We stayed for three nights on our way home from 2 wk. in Europe where we stayed in 5 star hotels. Upon checking in we were told that our reservation for a Queen standarded room had been upgraded to a King room. The room was on the 6th. floor with a very nice vew. The amenities were above and beyond. Our luggage had been mis- sent and the hotel checked it's whereabouts several times, then when it arrived at 1:00 A.M. they called the room and sent it up at once. Also we found the room service very affordable wjhen you used the in room beverage service.The staff were young which I think accounts for the friendly service and great attitude.	
Sep 4 2005	Brilliant value for money	excellent location 5 mins from Oxford circus tube, and a stone's throw from more cafes, bars, restaurants and shops than a lot of cities put together. the promotional rates for this hotel are exceptional value for money - worth upgrading to the superior/deluxe rooms. Mine was on 8th floor with Mary Poppins rooftop views - and v quiet, No road noise, v. little neighbour noise.Watch out for 5 star prices in mini bar, bar and restaurants in hotel but as above - easy to find alternatives. Can't really comment on service as I was using it as a pitstop for a special occasion but for those who love traditional hotels this is a good bet. Not for lovers of the contemporary - this place is more Classic.	
Aug 29 2005	exceptional	I recently stayed with my 2 children for a night and I have to say it is the best hotel I have ever stayed in not just in London but in Europe. It even beat one of my favourite stays in a New York boutique hotel when I was there on business last year. Whenever I have stayed in other London hotels I have sometimes found the staff to be pretentious and aloof. However, all of the staff without exception in The Langham are polite, friendly and attentive without being too invasive. The thing that impressed me most was how friendly they were to the children and generally how child friendly it was for a 5 star hotel (which is not always the norm). The facilities were excellent and my boys said it was the most comfortable bed they have ever slept in and I have to agree. You do have to pay extra to use the spa and pool facilities but you get complimentary Elizabeth Arden skin products to use in the price. The location is excellent and there are lots of really good cafes and restaurants near by. We had dinner in Strada at 9-10 Market Place which is one of the best Italian restaurants I have eaten in. It is good quality food and very reasonably priced. Overall a wonderful stay my only regret is that I didn't stay longer.	
Jul 30 2005	Great Hotel!	I stayed there for four nights in July 2005. The staffs were friendly and warming. A convenient location hotel.I will definitely stay there again!	
Jul 10 2005	Not Good Value for Price	We stayed 3 nights at the Langham, and compared to all of the other major cities in the world I've stayed in, I have to say I felt the value for cost of this hotel was most definitely not worth it. I did find the location convenient, it was clean, and the lobby area was nice. That is the extent of anything good I have to say. We booked through Hotels, which I also will never use again, and I am sure we received one of the worst rooms in the hotel - at least I assume this from the reviews that liked this place. The hotel management assured us that we had booked a standard, basic room, and that was what we received, even though we showed them our confirmation that said we had booked a superior room. At $400 a night after taxes, I think it is ridiculous to be gouged at every turn - paying extra for their fitness center, breakfast, and &quot;calling&quot; a taxi for us instead of just motioning to the taxi queue directly across the street, which I caught on to. I booked the Langham because I wanted a nice, comfortable hotel that had a London feel, and this room was very nondistinct and not impressive in the least. There are much, much better values in London, and I would strongly urge you to look elsewhere unless you just want to spend money without getting quality.	
Jun 27 2005	Langham Hotel	My 18 year old daughter and I spent 6 nights at the Langham in early June. We could not have asked for a nicer hotel. The rooms were very large and the beds were heavenly. We did not eat in the restaurants, but the concierge was able to sell us tickets to many London attractions and tours. My only complaint was that it was a bit far from the nearest tube stop- about 2 blocks- and we had trouble finding a resonable place to have breakfast. Had to settle for Starbucks or McDonalds. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 1 2005	Very impressive	The Langham Hotel is wonderful in every way. I was especially impressed with the hotel staff. Everyone was attentive, courteous, friendly, and cheerful and couldn't do enough for you. The facilities are beautifully restored and opulent but it's the people who make the hotel truly comfortable. Next time I return to London I will stay at the Langham--it's as we Americans say, &quot;a no-brainer.&quot;	
May 24 2005	Luxury at a Great Price!	I had wanted to book a short trip to London for the weekend at the last minute, and I was really shocked at the prices for hotels in London...I had heard that London was expensive, but I didn't realize how expensive it could be until I saw what most rooms were going for. I like to stay in nice places but don't want to become poor and destitute in the process, so I was searching around for a good deal, and I stumbled upon the Langham hotel. It was among the lowest in price for that category of hotel that I could find, and it seemed to be pretty decent and well located. Still, I was a bit cautious despite the good reviews, thinking that there must be a catch. In the end, I found the hotel to be just what I was looking for. The location is great, especially for a shopaholic like me, and not very far to walk to get to the West End and Picadilly Circus. I even walked to some of the major tourist sites like Westminster Abbey from the hotel. The service was EXCELLENT! For example, on the day that I arrived, the lovely woman working the reception informed me that their computer system was down, so they had to do all of the check-ins manually. Well, you would think that they would be irritated and stressed by this...on the contrary, they were extremely cheerful and friendly. Furthermore, when I went to my room, I discovered that they had given me a room with 2 beds, while I had requested for a King-size bed when I made the reservation. I called the reception, and almost immediately someone came to bring me a new key and escorted me to a new room. All of the staff, including room service, bell staff and housekeeping, were courteous and friendly (such a welcome change from the cold service I have come to expect in Paris where I live). The room was immaculately clean and the bed was very comfortable. And, it's a funny quirk of mine, but the thing that really put the hotel over the top for me was the fact there was a fully functioning iron and ironing board in the closet! I am an obsessive ironer, and I hate when a hotel either doesn't have an iron in the room, or the iron that they give you is a triangular piece of metal with a handle that only warms up your clothes. This was an honest-to-goodness steam iron. The only parts of the hotel that I didn't check out were the restaurants and the pool, since I was too busy shopping and watching the great shows in the West End. (A little story about that: I decided at the last minute to go see Les Miserables...I passed by the box office on a Saturday afternoon and checked to see if they had any tickets for that night's show (sounds impossible, right?). I lucked out--I was able to get a seat right behind the conductor, front row, center. The show was fantastic and it was the most memorable part of my trip. So, even if you haven't booked tickets in advance, it's worth asking at the box office.) Finally, the thing that confirmed everything for me that I had made the right choice was seeing where a friend of mine was staying...he booked a room at the Regent Palace Hotel on Picadilly Circus. I wasn't paying that much more than he was, and his hotel was a complete dump!! I've never seen a more depressing or disgusting hotel. I couldn't understand why so many people were staying there! The rooms are tiny and dirty, my friend had to go down the hall to take a shower and use the toilet, the staff were MEAN, and the hotel had absolutely no character whatsoever...it was more like public housing in the slums of some big city. So, I was really happy about my choice, and I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who wants luxury accomodations at a price that won't leave you bankrupt!	
Apr 13 2005	Warm and welcoming.	I booked six rooms at the Langham for my friends 40th Birthday. The staff were exceptionally friendly and helpful, they even arranged for complimentary champagne on ice in my friends room. We used the spa in the afternoon which we virtually had to ourselves. It's a five minute walk to Oxford circus so it was fantastic for shopping. My only negative comment would be the price of the drinks in the hotel. I would definately recommend this as an excellent place to stay in london.	
Mar 23 2005	Lovely stay!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Langham hotel for 3 days (19 mars - 22 mars). We booked a really cheap internet deal on Langhams home page (99 pounds/night/room excl tax and breakfast). We were treated extremly well although we are both students and had booked the cheap internet rateA non smoking standard room on the 8th floor (room 813). The room was great; clean and in proper condition with a nice view towards a small park. The bathroom was also in great condition with bathrobe, slippers and a scale.We also used the pool and jacuzzi (charge 7 pounds/each) which were great. We had the jacuzzi and the pool all by ourselves! In the changing rooms there were a sauna and a steam room and Elisabeth Arden toilettries were available for free. The gym looked nice as well, I regret I didn´t bring my gym clothes.The only negative thing was that breakfast was not included in our deal. But we did have breakfast one morning at the Memories restaurant. The buffé was top class, but it also cost a fortune 23 pounds/person! Traditional hot meals as scrabbled eggs, grilled tomatoes, beans etc, a large selection of freshly baked bread, different kinds of yoghurts, cheese (feta, ricotta, cheddar, philadelfia, low fat, etc), ham, fish (salmon, herring etc) and last but not least - fresh fruit (strawberries, pineapple, melon etc). Freshly squezzed juice. The location were also terrific, just 3 minutes walk down to Oxford Circus and a bus stop just 2 minutes from the hotel. We usually stay in Baywater but this area was much more convinient, since you could walk to almost everything. You also get to see a more true side of London when not living in the traditional tourist quarters which was great!I would absolutly stay at The Langham Hotel when visting London again and I recommend you to do the same!	
Feb 5 2005	Ostentatiously British	I stayed here in early 2004. I'm sure the hotel deserves the star rating, and is ideal for people wanting high class service for high prices. I got the room at a substantial discount, although the location is good the room was small and room service charges extortionate. There are more spacious hotels around London for a lower cost, but they won't have a concierge to call a taxi for you!	
Jan 9 2005 	Good but overpriced	OK, so the hotel deserves 5 stars, but I'm only giving it three because for the sort of money they're charging the room should be spotless and the fittings should all work. Yes, it's a great place to stay, but dig around on lastminute and you'll find places that are its equal for £100 or less. (Stayed December 2004)	
Jan 1 2005	Great Hotel wonderful location	Great hotel, wonderful location, quiet, very nice rooms espessialy the deluxe rooms. Amazing beds. The breakfast room is too small, and the waiters are not very welcoming. Stayed here a few times last time on 8.2003. Used to be a Hilton, now it is not. All in all, a top class hotel.	
Dec 14 2004	Great Hotel Grand and traditional	I've stayed here on many occasions, as have other members of my family, and i have never had reason to complain about the service or quality of the rooms. All staff have been friendly and respectful, a nice change for an expensive hotel, the door men are partial to nice cars so if you drive up in something nice be prepared for some questioning and veiwings. it's all in good intention though.Great bars, as with all hotels in london you do pay a premium, but none the less it's a great atmosphere. room service is quick and the food is good quality, breakfast is hugly over priced, go and join the que in the starbucks around the corner with the rest of the guests and half of the BBC for a coffe and a cake!Nice short walk to all of the main toursit shopping destinations, taxi's are plentiful if you're not one for the walking! Finding the gym can be a bit of a joke.. it's a very good health club, the best bet is to head out of the hotel, take a right and follow the path around until you come to the public entrance of the club, it will save you at least 10 minutes each time of wondering the hallways!! For those of you staying in late October.. it's documented to be one of THE most haunted hotels in England... i took advantage of this on a haloween stay in a rather cruel manner, by frightening the life out of my girlfriend.. followed by a day's silence!!! lesson learned!	
Dec 13 2004	Solid performance Concierge Club room luxury	I stayed 2 nights in November and was upgraded to the Concierge Club room despite only having booked the lowest of the regular rooms. (£199 per night midweek)The &quot;concirege club&quot; is essentially a separate hotel within the main hotel and offers plush room decor and a lounge room where complementary breakfast and daytime nibbles are served. Studying the geography of the hotel showed that the concierge club rooms are an annex of the main hotel in a modern building at the rear, hence my room had no view whatsosver, despite being on the 5th of 8 floors. You essentially 'walk through' the Main hotel to get to the Concierge club which has its own separate check-in. The nights I stayed there, my room should have cost £330. The room itself was spacious and well decorated with larger bathroom and upgraded toiletries. It was not such that I would have paid the £330 for it. Hence for the £130 extra, I received a free breakfast and an upgraded roomRoom service was punctual, tasty and thorough. my laundry was efficiently handled. The Concierge did get me a restaurant booking at a local restaurant and seemed to know the good places. I used the Gym and pool (at a cost of £7 extra) which I found to be well equipped. Massage and beauty treatments were availavle and looked reasonably priced. I note also that the Langham has a favourable Frequent stayer programme that rewards you with upgrades and additional features after 3 visits (Late checkout and water/wine in your room on arrival). Conclusion, I'd stay there again so as to get the frequent stayer benefit but would not pay £130 extra for the Concierge room which is aimed at expense account execs. I though that complementary use of the gym might have been included with the Concierge room as having to fork out another £7 when paying £330 is a tad rich. I'd take my chances on the lowest rate in the hope of an upgrade.	
Sep 6 2004	Wonderful public areas disappointing room		
Jul 25 2004	a great hotel		
Jun 17 2004	In search of the Fitness center		
Apr 14 2004	Nice hotel		
Dec 23 2003	High Tea		
Sep 10 2003	Not So Bad!		
Aug 20 2003 	The Langham Hilton		
May 7 2003	Great hotel		
Jan 13 2003	Perfect shopping location		
Nov 18 2002	Horrible service		
Nov 23 2009 	????		
Nov 16 2009 	Acogedor y centrico		
Nov 4 2009 	????		
Oct 14 2009 	che lusso!		
Sep 16 2009 	Hélas trop parfait !		
Aug 15 2009 	??????		
Jul 7 2009 	Hôtel confortable et spacieux au centre de Londres		
Jan 30 2009 	Un vero grand hotel ma con qualche problema		
Oct 29 2008 	????????????		
Oct 3 2008 	Agréable Weekend à Londres		
Dec 29 2007	Top Hotel mit Spa in perfekter Lage		
