	Small dusty noisy and bad service	My husband and i stayed here for one night only and that was enough. I know this may sound harsh but we have never been so disapointed with a hotel. I boasted to my family about staying in a 4* hotel but had to admit on my return that there wasn't much to boast about. The room was tiny, you have to walk around it sideways apart from the bathroom which i must say was the only good point especially the way the water ran out of the tap but i must stress this was the only good point. It was dusty because of the continued refurbishment that was happening. I know many peopke have taken this into account but the work should be finished if it's going to cause disruption fot the guests. The next pitfall parking, this is something we specifically looked for and it suggested that parking is available for guests but it didn't state as long as you are willing to pay £40 a night. Last but not least breakfast, after entering the dining room and waiting 10 minutes for them to clear a table which we subsequently cleared ourselves, we then waited 10 minutes for some clean plates but forgot to ask for clean cups at the same time which took another 5 minutes to get. After eventually sitting down to breakfast which wasn't very nice we then heard a funny noise followed by two of the guests unplugging the warming hubs as it sounded as though it was about to blow up. We shortlly checked out after this. We responded to the review on their website and were offered an apology and a free upgrade to a clubroom on our next stay if we paid for a double standard room. Which i personally thought was a bit of a joke!!!! The other point we found was after entering our debit card details online we were then asked to pay for the hotel when we got there as it didn't take the money out from the online booking which on top of everything else was a little irritating!!!!!	
Nov 26 2009 	GIVE THIS NEWLY OPENED HOTEL A TRY	This hotel has recently been reopened and although upgrading is still continuing, (however not obtrusively to guests) it is a very good hotel, and when all works are completed, it has the potential for being a really excellent hotel. Its location is perfect for central London. Queensway and Bayswater stations close by. It is next to Hyde Park with plenty of eating places at hand. We stayed in a double deluxe room with breakfast included. The room was excellent value (£97) for central London. Room size was good, and all finishes were new. We had a good night's sleep and no outside noise. The hotel still has plenty of 'old worlde' charm, because the lobby and ground floor rooms were of original wood panelling with huge fireplaces, and stained glass windows and original art covered ceilings visible from the second floor, were still complete (hope these features never get removed!) There are two lifts to the upper floors. My only gripe was that the cooked breakfast was lukewarm, but we asked a member of staff to put it in the microwave which they did willingly. Staff deserve a mention here because we found them very helpful. Would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Nov 23 2009 	Everything's New in great location! Highly Recommended!	Stayed for 5 nites with my 4 yo. Hotel just reopened after major refurbishment so everything was spanking new &amp; clean! Comfy bed, good sized bathroom (with Grohe fixtures!), tea/coffee making facilities (great if yr child still drinks milk), LCD TV, excellent location (5 mins walk to Queensway &amp; Bayswater Tube Stations, 3 mins to bus stop with buses to Oxford street about 5 stops away). Esp good for young children cos I could return to hotel for my 4yo to rest up before heading out again. Staff were very helpful &amp; children friendly. Just wish the Double Deluxe was a tab bigger or at least a proper space for my luggage.	
Nov 17 2009 	Where deluxe means a 2.5m by 2.5m room!	We have chosen the hotel due to its location. I do know that hotel rooms in major European cities are generally small but this was literally tiny, there was only place for a double bed. There was not even place to put our two-cabin size bags. Before making the reservation I phoned to the hotel and I was adviced to pay for a deluxe room if I need more space. I can not imagine what a standard room would look like, or maybe I was fooled and be allocated a standard room after paying for a deluxe one. When I complained that my room doesn't look like the one published in the Internet they say they will check it and the following day instead of offering some kind of compensation they simply said I was right and ensured me that they were going to change the photos, as if this was my problem. The hotel has been recently reopened after undergoing a major refurbishment. This is probably why nothing works properly and the tecnical staff keeps making noise in the corridor outside my room at 3pm when I was trying to rest after a long bussiness meeting. I must admit that the public areas are quite impresive, if this is what you look for.	
Nov 13 2009 	Newly opened excellent value	This hotel only opened on 31st Oct 2009 so the reviews from before that do not apply.The location is excellent with many restaurants &amp; shops on the surrounding streets. The building is beautiful and the staff were friendly. I booked a deluxe double through book travel and stay for £95 - a clear bargain for central London. Taking this into account I was very pleased (though I would not have been had I paid the £300 rack rate).The first room we got was so tiny I thought there must have been a mistake so I went to reception to explain the problem and they kindly moved me to a larger room at no extra cost. This second room was much better.Although the rooms are extremeky small they are very well appointed and decorated with class and care - stand alone sinks, flat screen TVs, newly refurbished in every part. My good ranking is taking into account the price I got for the room and the helpfulness of the staff. It is not worth the rack rates on the website however - though what hotel in London is?	
Nov 4 2009 	Wait till early or later 2010 to book! You'll be disappointed.	To be fair, the hotel has re-opened (unbeknown to us when booking was placed). To begin, we are in our second night of seven, but DO NOT BOOK FOR A GOOD FEW MONTHS!. The first impression was excellent, the eccentric and eclectic interior of the foyer shows so much of what would have been.BUT..... as we arrived right on 2pm for check in, we had to wait and watch two very unorganised reception staff fumble through the new booking system and after fluffing about, they then asked us to wait about 15 minutes in the lounge. Refreshments were offered and after 2 hours and 45 minutes we were then checked in. A couple of re-assurances during the wait were offered and as we checked in we complained about the lengthy wait and the apparent &quot;15 minutes&quot; it would take and the girl promptly said &quot;I checked you in before others and I've said I'm sorry&quot; in a really dismissive way. (mind you there were about 5 other couples who entered after us).Night 1: TV wasn't even plugged in to the wall and there was no remote. This was quickly fixed and we were then told by a random maintenance man, the Hotel opened 5 days ago. THE ROOM WAS BRAND NEW!!!!!Day 2 (Today): Toilet flooded and internet disapeared from wireless network.all in all, with 5 pre-paid days to go, the room is fantastic , very small, but comfortable.The workmen and I mean an army of them are constantly up and down the hallways and with both toilet issue and trying to get the only working lift, you never see the same workman twice.The only saving grace has been the FANTASTIC Porters, who are only too happy to go out of their way to assist and are more than apologietic, unlike the reception staff.I recommend waiting until Feb 2010 or even later, it may be then ready.	
Jul 19 2009 	A place to sleep but not much more.	Two years ago my wife and I went to London for our honeymoon, and ended up at this hotel. It's located in Bayswater, close to Hyde park, so I find the location very good. The hotel itself however...not so good. The first day we didn't get into our room because of som problems with the key card, and the staff wasn't thrilled to help. The room we got was the smallest hotel room I've ever been to, an the bathroom was equally tiny. Apart from this, and the cockroaches, the hotel was ok.	
Jun 29 2009 	Very impressed by this clean and tidy hotel	Stayed one night in room 304 and was really impressed with the spotlessly tidy and comfortable room. The whole place has been recently refurbished and was like new.The room was on the front but no noise issues. It was everything i could have hoped for. The local Lo Spuntino Bar/Cafe on Bayswater road serves very nice food and amazing coffee.When you read negative remarks about small rooms you have to wonder what people expect from a City Hotel	
Aug 4 2008	Would not recommend	First of all the hotel had lost our booking and gave us dirty looks like it was our fault even though we had paid in advance. The staff were rude and not at all helpful. Also their English was very limited which made communication difficult. We were put in a room at the back of the hotel and felt that because we were not paying the top rate on the top floor we were treated like we were not worth the time of day.Breakfast was an experience in itself. We were glared at by a waitress when we walked in and the food was cold and tasted terrible. We commented on the service and food to reception but were just greeted with a shrug.It was a relief to check out of that place. We even filled out one of the comment cards but because our review of their place was less than favourable we were not surprised to ever get a response from them. London - Great place. Shaftsbury Premier Inn - Not so great!!!	
Jul 25 2008 	Good for a London city-break... Just don't expect luxury or great service!	The first impact is great: the façade is amazing and the lobby and public areas around it are just beautiful. The rooms are very small (and by that I mean really really small!!!!) and the only view you get is to a wall, but they're comfortable and, let's face it, you don't go to London to spend much time in a hotel room. The staff could use some training and some costumer service skills but they're OK, just don't expect big warm welcoming smiles (or any sort of smile for that matter) and if you want to hit the night and stay in bed the whole morning, be prepared to be woken-up a few times by the impatient cleaning ladies knocking on your door (and even opening it and walking into the room).The location is fairly central and close to the tube and buses.	
Feb 13 2008 	Pleasantly Surprised	I had searched for a few hours online and read numerous reviews about the broom closet sized rooms at various hotels in London. Reviewers had good things to say about the Shaftesbury Hyde Park and they were right. I booked a double room on the hotel website at 55 pounds per night including breakfast (for one night in February). I also joined the hotel's Premier Club Rewards program right after booking. When checking in I mentioned the rewards program and asked for a complimentary upgrade. The clerk checked for availability and it was available. Our room had 2 queen beds, a nice sized bathroom (by English standards) and a fridge with complimentry bottled water. The breakfast had everything including bacon and eggs, cereals, fresh fruit and yogurt and cold meats. The staff were friendly and the hotel was clean. It was a 3 minute walk to Paddington Station where we caught the Heathrow Express to the Airport. All in all, a very good experience.	
Dec 15 2007 	Grace in Hyde Park	This Hotel has the most gracious and spacious entrance area, reminiscent of an 'Old Boys Club'. There is a glorious,wood panelled sitting room for guests to enjoy. The rooms are small, make no mistake, but for price, location &amp; decore they are second to none. Hyde Park, Queensway and SO many restaurants, bars and shops are steps away.Every attention to detail has been addressed in this hotel's upgrade: Outstanding bathrooms, huge TV screens and well planned, luxurious fixtures &amp; fittings. Our small , but beautiful, wrought iron balcony overlooked Inverness Terrace and out to Hyde Park. A fruit platter was offered on arrival, and we were staying in the standard room.We stayed in London 5YEARS AGO in this same area, and paid the SAME AMOUNT for accomodation which was closer to a Retention Center than a hotel.This place offers grace, quality and location at an extraordinary price. We could not have been happier.Utilise their limo booking service which gets you to Heathrow for a quarter of the price you would pay in a taxi.. quality and relaxation.Can not recommend this Hotel highly enough for couples and business.	
Oct 1 2007	We will go back	Like most people we read the reviews written and then spent many, many hours surfing the net to find that elusive &quot;excellent&quot; rating. This time we decided to 'bite the bullet' and booked up over the phone and resigned ourselves to the fact that you only spend the night in a hotel to sleep, not live. We booked up a Sunday night at a cost of £62 for a double with breakfast included (the internet price was £55 bed only) so i thought £7 for breakfast for the two of us was better value. We arrived at the hotel early where we stored our bags. We returned at two and found that our room was still not ready. Due to the fact we needed our room to freshen up to go out again they upgraded our room free of charge. We got room 519. Wow!! It was the biggest hotel room I've ever been in (and i've been in many). A sunken bath and shower. In the bedroom was a large four-poster bed and furniture to die for. The hotel room alone was at least forty foot square. The breakfast was a buffet and no complaints there either, left there 'stuffed'. The hotel is Edwardian and the woodwork, ceilings and drawing room are breath-taking. Although we did not experience the &quot;tiny rooms&quot; as described by other reviews, i for one will return regardless of room size. All we want is a bed and somewhere to freshen up, we could spend the day in the drawing room without a single breath of complaint.	
Sep 29 2007 	satisfied guest	The good things: Nice decorated rooms, free internet in the lobby, free internet in the room, clean, good english breakfast (if included, though not worth 15£ as they would otherwise charge).Close to underground station and morningwalk in Hydepark. After complaining about the fact that the triple room is really a double room with chair upfolded to an extra bed the staff solved this in excelent way by giving us an extra single room.Helpful and friendly staff.The bad things: Triple room´s not really triple room and way to small for three people. Bathroom and shower verry tiny, clean except for the showerdrape. The corridore on our floor (basement) had a funny (but not to stinky) smell. I would defenetley stay here again. Especially for the sake of free internet in room (witch at another hotel during my stay in london charged 5£/h or 12£/24h) I do recommend this hotel to others.	
Sep 26 2007 	Very convenient hotel	The only bad thing was that the room was in the basement and quite small but considering the standart of Londons hotels, this one was very good value for the money that we paid. We got double room for 70 pound per night and we stayed for five nights. Air conditioning was great and the bathroom also, there was also a fridge in the room which was great.Breakfest was ok, more vegetables would have been nice.But generally we can recommend this hotel to everyone who appreciate great location but don't pay more than a 90 pound per night, you can get better hotel with that money.	
Sep 23 2007	Let's put things in perspective...	I read some very alarming reviews about this hotel after I had booked... but it actually offers good value for money. I think the 4 stars label is what may raise unrealistic expectations for the price but basically the prestation is of a good standard.I was in the hotel for a week on business and I could not find evidence of cockroaches as mentioned in other reviews. the room was compact indeed, but the ajoining bathroom was excellent, clean, newly refurbished to a high standard. The bedding was very good and the room reasonably quiet for London.In terms of services the room offered the usual kettle/tea/coffee (good quality, not the cheapest), iron and free wired internet access. The TV had a weak signal. The small room still allowed me to work on the desk for the best part of a day in good comfort. Put it like this: it may not be 4* but was better suited to my needs than the usual cheap hotel chain.As for the staff they were genuinely helpful and available 24 hrs. Again I could not see evidence of them trying to &quot;rip you off&quot; as I read in another recent review, I actually witnessed them trying to help foreign speaking clients beyond their duty. They did take internet booking (mine was) without problem. The hotel also offers good amenities, bar, a nice lounge with papers, magazines and internet access, free fruit bowl. One of two lifts was out of service. I am not sure this hotel would be very accessible to clients with reduced mobility.In conclusion the 4* may raise your expectations beyond the actual stadard offered, but if you look at the average room price it offers very good value for money.	
Sep 20 2007 	Not that bad	We stayed one night at the hotel.The bad stuff? Well, my heart sank when I saw that it was directly opposite a homeless hostel, lots of shifty people hanging around. I agree that the rooms are tiny and that they are hot! The good stuff?Well, the facade of the hotel and the public rooms are a treasure, they made me smile with delight. The hotel is just around the corner from Queensway, which has the greatest selection of restaurants I have ever seen.I was booked in with speed and the staff were friendly. I was shown the way to my room and yes, the corridors were narrow. I do not mind walking up stairs so that was no problem.The room was tiny, enough room for a bed and a tv. But as we were travelling light, there was no problem with the small wardrobe. The tv worked.The room was HOT. It took me a while to work out that the air conditioning was blowing hot air into the room. So, off that went and the window (clean the windows in a while please!!!) opened and the room was fine.My wife told me there was only tepid water in the morning for her sohwer.But for the money we paid (£90) we got a clean, tidy and comfortable room. It is great for tube stations, great for Hyde Park and great for eateries. I did not bother with the hotel restaureant as the menu wwas terrible.If I had stayed for longer maybe the small room would have grated and maybe my patience would have snapped over fixing things like the air conditioning	
Sep 18 2007 	Fantastic Stay at the Shaftesbury Hyde Park	I booked a one night stay at the Shaftesbury Hyde Park HoteI (before I read the reviews) to celebrate special birthdays that myself and my husband were celebrating. To say I was very apprehensive about staying at the Shaftesbury after reading the reviews was an understatement, so I contacted the web-site via e-mail with whom I made the booking to voice my concerns informing them it was for a special occasion. I was assured that some of the problems had been addressed and most of the bad reviews were about how small the rooms were, I was also assured that as it was a special occasion they would leave a message at reception to provide me with one of their larger rooms. I was still unsure but as my stay was within a week and I was concerned about booking somewhere else I decided to give it a go, my husband said well it's only for one night. On the day of travel we were faced with train delays and then we got lost in London, by early evening and still trying to find the hotel (which was the husbands fault) by the time we did find it, I was ready to do battle with any cockroaches or reception staff. However reception informed us they were aware that it was a special occasion and that they had a lovely room for us, we thanked them but still not convinced until of course we went into the room, when we entered we were faced with 2 doors off a small hallway we entered the door on the right to be faced with what I can only describe as a suite, it was fabulous - we had a four poster king sized bed at least that's what it seemed like it was certainly bigger than the double bed we have at home, there was a hugh sofa and 3 large comfy chairs another 2 small chairs, a huge marble mantel &amp; log fire which was serviced by gas (not sure if it worked as I didn't try it) beautiful built in wardrobes with plenty of storage space, we went back into the hallway to enter the room on the left, this was the bathroom and what a bathroom the bathroom also had a built in wardrobe, it had a beautiful huge bath (I think it was a double) with a shower over and the bathroom was nearly the size of the bedroom, I wished we had been staying longer we could have easily been happy staying in this suite for two, three or more weeks. I shall certainly stay there again but I would request the room number we had which was on the 5th floor as I did hear a gentleman complain while I was standing at reception about the size of his room he was not happy. But I can only say I am pleased I did not change the hotel and that I did voice my concerns about the problems, as perhaps this helped with the room I was allocated. Susan and Davey. Newcastle	
Sep 16 2007	very disappointing	Room far too small.TV broke down several times during my stay. My faulty key card had to be replaced .. no apology or comment ! Staff unhelpfull and unfriendly. Could`nt recommend this hotel to anyone. One of the worst hotels I`ve experienced.	
Sep 9 2007 	lovely hotel-but not what is advertised	our stay at this hotel was pleasent eventually we were a bit weary as we read the reviews after we booked but there was not a cockroach in sight and was assured when we rang the hotel that the problem was dealt with. the hotel rooms from the reception to the hotel rooms are not as big as they look on the pictures in fact when we arrived into our room we were horrified to find how tiny it was so we rang down to reception and the very polite receptionist said they would show us another room the following day. at 11 oclock no one came so we went out for the day arriving back at about 11 oclock on the evening we could not get into our room so a bell boy let us in and when we entered we realised that all our stuff was missing and someone elses stuff was in there instead they had moved us and our stuff with out any prior notice which made us feel violated as the chamber maids had rummaged through our belongings but the next room was slightly better in size on the front of the building on the 8th floor but only 1 lift in service so sometimes a bit of a queue .we complained to the duty manager because it was wrong that we were moved with out notice and somethings had gone missing which was slightly distressing as this was my bday and did not expect this kind of things to happen but after 2 days our missing items were rerturned thankfully and i was given a bottle of wine and bowl of fruit for my bday and a way of an appology.but after that things were fine . but please donot expect a large room they have none at all the pictures are very missleading they are incredibly small but comfortable . we had no problems booking in or out a matter of minutes. the staff were quite helpful .i would stay there again now i know what to expect overall not too bad.	
Sep 2 2007 	Avoid Like Plague Else You Will Regret It	Well if i could give Minus 100 rating i would.....Upon checking in the manager at the desk was very very very i repeat very cunning told us first you have to pay extra we dont take online booking when i showed my annoyance then he said ohh yes this website we can to make it look like it was just small mistake then he charges me for deluxe room and give me standard double how do i know ? (make sure if you pay for double make sure its double by checking room is BIG and it has headboard behind the bed and overhead lights and bigger bath else walk out there is a better hotel on the same road! (i repeat they will try to rip you off!)I didnt knew that the room is standard i only found out when i decided to take a shower and the shower was leaking (come on its a four star my as*) then they should be another room which had leaking shower and spraying tap disgusting then i went down to reception and told them straight i want my MONEY BACK the guy then realise ohh i cant keep sending him corners now so when i kicked off he took me to a new ROOM which WAS DELUX ROOM WHICH I PAID FOR and when i told him he tried to say oh sorry i didnt get it you wanted standard room! (i repeat if you go in there make sure you watch out for bigger room else they are ripping you off ELSE AVOID AT ALL COST) I REPEAT AVOID.anyway after 3hours of mucking around i finally managed to get my room sorted lift wasnt working and usually doesnt work either and there broadband is watched over (i work as security consultant ) they monitor every activities of yours.IF I WAS BOOKING THIS HOTEL I WILL AVOID LIKE PLAGUE.....ELSE GO THERE AND YOU WILL REGRET!!!!!	
Jul 29 2007 	smallest room I have ever had	Our family of three spent 3 nights at the Clarion Shaftesbury Hyde Park. We found the hotel to be quite close to the tube, 1/2 block to the Queensway stop and the same distance to Hyde Park. The lobby had three computers free for use including internet connection. The lobbies are beautifully decorated and quite comfortable. Upon check in we went straight to our room and were dismayed to find one double bed for for the three of us, with only 8 inches clearance all the way around the bed. We went straight back reception and had to show the clerk our reservation form showing a triple with refrigerator and microwave had been requested. We were then sent to another room with a double and a chair that made out into a twin bed. This room was again very small, but otherwise seemed clean and safe. We turned on the air conditioning and went to get supper. After supper and baths we realized the air conditioning would not stay on and called for maintenance. A young man came straight away and after some time said that he would arrange a new room for us. We were then moved to a third room. This was by far larger than the room we had just left and very nice. The rest of our stay was unhampered and the hotel was very clean and quiet. Hallways are very narrow, you must go single file. The breakfast was to expensive for us, we found several wonderful places around the corner from the tube station for a better price. I would not stay here again due to the size of the rooms and the initial room assignment.	
Jul 28 2007 	Can you not rate a hotel Zero?	I have had the misfortune of staying at this hotel 3 times now on business, and not one of them was without incident. First stay, I had a bulging damp patch in the ceiling above my door which started to drip through the light fixtures at 2 in the morning. The shower was so small that the damp shower curtain stuck to my back. 2nd time around I was put in a basement room with a broken window which wouldn't close and had a noisy vetilation shaft running below it. I called reception to get someone to fix it but half an hour later, no-one had turned up so I went to reception myself and had to fight for a room change. The 3rd and final time I will ever stay at this hotel I arrived to find the shower wasn't working and I could hardly get my case up the side of the bed the room was that small. The shower was fixed the following day but that was a minor detail. On waking one morning I found the biggest cockroach I have ever seen climbing up my curtain. In thought I'd try and put it out of my mind (I was so exhausted with the hotel by this point) and stayed for my final night. Awoke at midnight to find 6 of the buggers down the side of my bed! Called reception imediately (few of the staff have the best grasp of English) and they sent up a poor, unsuspecting man with a bottle of Coke - they thought I wanted room service! I was told that 'It is just a cockroach' and 'It's probably left the room'. I demanded another room change and was put in an icy shoebox with a pin-hole for a window. DO NOT STAY HERE	
Jul 21 2007 	Ruined our trip!	In London for a very special occassion, booked through internet which implied it was a luxery 4* hotel. On arrival kept waiting, room in basement, no air, very stuffy and smelly. Toilet was dirty, cups had lipstick on, milk was mouldy. No plug for bath, no extractor fan, no view, very small window hardly opened, bedside lamps didn't work, 'twin' beds but due to lack of space there was no gap between beds. As soon as we put the ironing board up there was no room to move at all. Glass shower guard was hanging off the wall. We paid for breakfast but they didn't have us down for having paid so the manager refused us breakfast and we got no apologies for anything and got told by the manager that it wasn't his fault the hotel is run by CentralR. Never go there, we paid £180 and it wasn't worth £18 - very upsetting and dissapointing - couldn't wait to get back home!!!	
Jul 9 2007 	Rooms Small	Whatever you do don't bother paying any extra for a twin &quot;luxury&quot; room. The twin rooms are exactly the same size as all the double rooms and there is not enough space to separate the beds either, so in fact it's a double except that you have a two single beds pushed together. How that justifies the extra £50 I don't know. The guy at reception accepted that there is now difference in size but would not refund the difference. The rooms are very very small. Interiours fitted to a high standard yet the lack of space lets it down. The breakfast rooms is also so small also that we had to wait 15 minutes to be seated as it was full. Staff were pleasant and all seemed to speak good English, the service on the whole I would rate as good.	
Jul 5 2007 	Disappointing	Booked a twin room and when we got there put in two tiny single roomsin the basement. mind you at least we had a room as numerous people were being shipped off to other hotels due to a 'maintenance problem'. Could not swing a cat in our rooms. Staff on reception awful and only one of them seemed to know what he was doing. Had to ring reception 5 times to get a hairdryer delivered to my room. Close to Paddington but thats the only thing it has going for it....would not stay there again	
Jul 3 2007 	Excellent location	My husband and I stayed at the Shaftesbury Hyde Park for 5 nights. As it was relatively cheap - GBP 480 including vat - we just hoped for the best. Having a 4 star rating, we expected quite high standards which was most definately not met. At best it deserves a 3 star rating. Our deluxe room was minute. We were expected to stay for almost a week with very little closet space and only two hangers. It was difficult to move around. Granted, it had a large modern TV, and the bathroom was OK. Just a word of warning though... If you are tall, stay away. The bed is just a double, and the shower is so low that you will bump your head. The shower is situated in the bath which is so high that an older person or child would find it almost impossible to get in and out of. The breakfast was OK but not what one would expect from a 4 star hotel. It was the same for 5 mornings with absolutely no variation in style of eggs, fruit, juice, etc. The absolute best part of this hotel is the location. It is very close to Queensway and Bayswater stations. It is also within walking distance to a lot of attractions eg. Diana Memorial, Kensington Palace, bus stops etc. It was cleanish, and well maintained. The staff was friendly and assisted where possible. One morning at around 03:30 the fire alarm went off twice for no reason. We had to phone to have them switch it off. I presume it is faulty as there was no fire anywhere.	
Jul 2 2007 	Disgusting	I was on the ground floor , which from reading the other reviews is one of the bigger rooms. Fine for one person but as soon as my partner arrived on the 2nd night the room was far too small for two people to be in.Rooms were never cleaned properly and although everything worked in my room every single time I passed though reception (without exception) there was someone complaining (I was there for 3 nights)Finally there are cockroaches, I saw one on my last night in the room, I didn’t say anything as my partner would have had a heart attack and I wanted a nights sleep. Teh fact the hotel knows and clearly have done nothign over a matter of weeks should tell yuo all you need to know. I read reviews the day before i went and was going to cancel but didn't. If you are in the same situation then cancel...trust meDon’t stay here, it’s dirty and infested	
Jun 30 2007 	So there we were tuked up in bed having nightmares about cockroaches when...	Looking for a relaxing, cockroache free holiday in london?? Looking for a good nights sleep uninterrupted in london??Well, whatever you do...on your life do not stay at this hotel. This has to be the worst experience I have ever had the misfortune of having. When we first arrived at the hotel it was raining, we were tired and I suppose we didnt have the energy to give a toss about the size of the room. Little did we know that this would be the least of our problems!!! We went for a nice meal in town and arrived back to the hotel at around 11 pm. We entered our room and there on our bed was the biggest cockroache I have ever seen. We eventually caught it and fecked it out the window. I went straight down to reception, where i informed them of the intruder. They acted like this had never happened before and that I was the first person ever to report. I was told that they would sort the probleme out in the morning when the room was serviced. We eventually went to sleep with one eye open incase we had any more visitors.Two nights later (just after 4am) I was tucked up in bed having nightmares about cockroaches when all of a sudden the bloody fire alarm goes off in the hotel. Me and my boyfriend jump up, quickly put our clothes on and run out of the room. I saw the nightporter at the end of the corridor and asked him where the fire was. He informed me that there was no fire, that someone was smoking in their room and had set it off!! I had to be pulled back into the room by my boyfriend ( and im not the violent type) to stop me from running down to reception and ringing someones neck.I was eventually calmed down and had just setteled into bed when the fire alarm got set off again. Now this is the loudest fire alarm I have ever heard...I was fit to kill.To add to all this the room next door were obviously locked and were having a party. I had asked the nightporter to call into the room and tell them to shut up but he told me he would ring them and ask them to keep the noise down...ring them...hahahahahahaha i laughed (in a demented way).The nxt daty we checked out. My main regret was that we didnt check trip advisor before we went...I would no way have went there. This hotel is a joke and should be downgraded.Avoid at all costs.	
Jun 26 2007 	Cockroach Towers!!!!	This place seemed ok to begin with. However, as we had booked through a third party website at a discount price we were put in one of the smaller rooms without a view. we later met our extra guests...the COCKROACHES that appeared just as we were settling in for the night. We imeadiately phoned reception and demanded that we were moved to another room, we were informed that this was not possble but they would go and find poison to put down in the meantime. This did not arrive.....ever. The next moring after sleeping with all the lights on to keep our guests at bay we demanded to be moved. Whch we were to another pokey little room but at least no cockroaches.Moral of the story...you get what you pay for!STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!	
Jun 14 2007 	Stay away!!!	My partner and I checked in to this hotel to celebrate my partner's birthday. We had been at the hotel just half an hour when all of the electricity went off. We were told this would be fixed in a matter of minuteswhen we called reception. However, we were left in the dark unable to shower or get ready for our evening we had planned for over half an hour. The power eventually cameback on and we proceeded to get ready and carried on with the evening's plans. Upon returning to our room at around 11:30pm we were greeted by the sight of two cockroaches running across our bed! My partner stamped on one of them, but the other ran away. I was very shaky so went to sit in the bathroom to calm down. Upon entering the bathroom I noticed yet another cockroach running across the floor, again my partner stamped on it. We called reception who sent someone to our room. Upon seeing the dead cockroaches, his reply was &quot;but they're dead.&quot;There were no apologies or concern, and we were told that we couldn't be moved to another room even though there was still a live cockroach in our room somewhere, but we could have a drink compliments of the hotel! They promised that this was the first time anything of this kind had happened. By this point I was very disturbed by the situation and we told the member of staff that this was not acceptable and we wnated to be moved to another room, or failing that, another hotel. He left and said he would see what he could do. After we received no reply for around 15 minutes, we called reception again. They told us they were fully booked but would call around a couple of local hotels to see if there was any room. (At this point they were expecting us to pay for another hotel room, should we wish to move!)We waited in our room and after about half an hour I looked over towards the wardrobe and what should I see, but another cockroach scurrying along the floor! This was the last straw for the two of us and we went to reception and they said the nearest hotel they could find a room was at Canary Wharf, and we would have to go and look ourselves if we wanted to find somewhere closer. By this time it was around 12:30am and it was raining hard outside. Nevertheless, my partner and I walked around Bayswater in the pouring rain to find oursleves a hotel. On having no luck we decided to return to the hotel and see if they had come up with any other options. Upon arriving back at the hotel, we asked the member of staff at reception what they were going to do about our room's cockroach problem. There was another couple standing at reception who, upon hearing us say this, told us that they too had returned to their room to find two cockroaches running around, and had also been told, as we had, that it was a one time occurence!The member of staff behind reception then told us that they had found us a room at the Hilton (a 5 star hotel) in Wembley. They also said they would arrange a taxi there for all four of us. We were very tired by this point, as it was around 1:30am, so we readily accepted.After driving for half an hour, we arrived at the Ibis 2 star hotel in Wembley! Not the 5 star we had been promised! So not only did we have to leave our rooms at the Shaftesbury at 1:30 in the morning, but we were sent from a 4 star hotel, to a 2 star £57 a night hotel! We called the hotel and they gave no apologies and were generally very rude! Also, we were told by the taxi driver that took us to Wembley that he has to pick people up from the Shaftesbury because of similar incidents at least every two weeks! So this was clearly not a first time incident.	
May 31 2007 	Nightmare at the Shaftesbury	I agree with the previous reviewers and only wish I'd read their reviews before we booked. Warning bells began to ring as we booked in, as a guest was complaining bitterley to the reception staff abouther stay. Then the receptionist demanded payment for the room up front which we found quite unusual. Our room was small, but well equipped. Unfortunately it lacked the promised ironing board and iron as well as tea bags and milk. There was a phone, but when I tried to telephone reception for the missing items I discovered it was not plugged in, but even worse it did not possess a plug or a wire!!!! The shower was extremely small and not a pleasant exprience as the curtain gripped your body and smelt of cat [----]!!! HOWEVER, our WORST experience was over the parking of our motorbike.We have travelled all through Europe and every receptionist in European hotels has given us good advice, so in our home country we asked the receptionist where to park, saying we had left it outside on the pavement, as we have done in many European cities. He said it would be ok and did not suggest alternative garaging. When we returned that evening we had a parking ticket. My furious husband tackled the reception manager and was told everyone!!!! knew not to leave a motorbike on the pavement?????? And none of his staff would have advised us so. So ok a mistake could have been made, but he thenadded insult to injury by laughing in my husband's face about what hethought was his stupidity for leaving the bike there. Despite my husband seeking their advice and despite it being quite normal biker's practice in other European countries. In short avoid this hotel - it is in an excellent position with good pubs, restaurants, tube nearby and with attention to detail and some staff training could be a good place at the right price. However, until they sort the detail and the staff try somewhere else.	
May 31 2007 	STAY AWAY!!!RUBBISH	we are a 23 year old british couple who wanted somewhere nice and clean. Thats all. On arrival the lady asked for my card immediately (despite that the website had said we would have to pay on departure, not arrival), so i passed it over thinking it must be routine. Meanwhile this lady's manager is on the phone spelling out my last name....i thought he was ringing the maid to see if the room was ready. However, it turns out he was booking us a taxi to their 'sister' hotel in paddington. so, they took my card without telling us we would be relocated, even though this other destination was 10 minuted furhter out of london and didnt even appologise or see the problem. I told the woman it wasnt on, she simply glazed over the issue and kept repeating that there had been a leak and that we had to move. We were taken to the paddington court hotel....it was average. we were directed to a room in a building opposite that just looked like an old house and our room was down the hall, down some stairs into a cellar which had been 'done up' and we were put in a pokey room that smelt of must. if you book this hotel i would insist that you refuse to move if they try and relocate you. We got a good offer and i dont believe there was any 'leak' at all. We were always meant to be in the 'cellar'. Dont be moved about just because you look younger either......to be honest the service and hospitality was a joke.if you are going to london its worth paying a little more for a decent well-located place...so dont bother with this hotel...you will only be dissapointed. Also the sink got blocked and the floor was dirty. all the moving and taxis took about 2 hours off our day and we werent apologised to once...this hotel is a hassle and ajoke.STAY AWAY!!!!!	
May 29 2007 	Good Hotel Great Location But Small Rooms	Stayed for one night to go to a concert at the Royal Albert Hall, hotel was in a perfect location for this as you could walk across Hyde Park to the venue. But location was good for any trip in London, with tube station very close ,couple of minutes walk, and also perfect if you drove to London as i did, as there was a big car park about five minutes walk away, £22 for 24 hours, not to bad for central London. The reception staff were freindly and check in was fairly quick. The hotel has obviously been refurbished recently as the fixtures and fittings in the room and bathroom were very good, room and very clean and tidy as was the rest of the hotel. The only downside the room was very smal for a double, it was ok for a one night stay, but if you had any amounts of luggage I dont know where you could have stored it and been able to move about the room. Room had a great large LCD television but the picture on normal channels very poor satelite ok though. Our deal included breakfast which was excellent ,we were lucky when we arrived at breakfast as we were able to go straight in, but the room is quite small and as we were eating, people were arriving and had to wait for a table. The main plus point about our stay was the price paid for the hotel,booking through the hotel chains web site (premierhotelslondon.com) it cost only £58 for the room including the breakfast. Surely in Central London you cant get better value than that, in a very good hotel.Would most definately stay there again if on a short trip with not much luggage.	
May 28 2007	Disgraceful	Decided to go for the 'London Experience' .....Looked on the internet and found The Shafetsbury, Hyde Park. Arrived and went to our DELUXE (!) Double room - It was so small - I paid a discount last minute price of £80 (original price would have been £290 !!! )I wouldn't have given more that £20 for the standard of this accomodation. An hour into us being in the room water started to come through the ceiling - we contacted the Reception and we were moved to an even SMALLER room . We could hardly open the bathroom door as the DELUXE (!) Double bed was so close to it - and we changed in the hallway - My husband went to complain and while he was in reception there were at least 3 other patrons complaining as well. The Hotel should be ashamed to be charging extortionate prices- This was definately NOT a London Experience we wanted !	
May 25 2007 	Made For Munchkins	This is a review for The Shaftesbury at 1 Inverness Terrace in London.I don't know if any of you are taller than the munchkins in the film &quot;The Wizard of Oz,&quot; but they are the only creatures who could ever fit in one of this hotel's rooms. After an 11 hour flight from Los Angeles this place was misery. The bathroom was a joke, not fit for adults. It's one of those stalls with a shower curtain constantly stuck to you as you shower because there is literally no room to move. This place bills itself as a four-star hotel but that rating is clearly up for interpretation. We were completely ripped off with a nightly price that exceeded $150 USD per night. They have some nerve charging those prices and they misrepresent the look of their rooms online. Be very very wary of The Sh**sbury!	
May 24 2007 	We laughed and laughed	I agree with the last writer, we stayed two nights at this hotel and when we got to our room number 309 I just laughed and laughed. It wasso small I had change in the hallway or stand on the bed. There was a desk with a chair, for show only as you could not use them. The bathroom was so small I showered in the door way and made a mess on the floor. Once inside the bathroom I could not get out with out climbing onto the sink then down again. I am the average sized Australian. I know London hotel rooms are small but this was a joke.The decor was new but I cannot see how a hotel with such small rooms can be 4 star. I asked the man at the desk, the only one I could understand if all the rooms were that small and could I have the rest of my one that was obviously missing. Good location but thats about it. I would avoid it if you are an aussie as what we are used to this will not suit.	
May 22 2007 	Terrible!!! Horrible cockroach hotel	We arrived and thought this is nice, public rooms seemed very posh and clean.The room itself was very small and you had to shut one door to open another into the toilet, but as we were staying the night we thought ok.We went out and came back about 11.30 pm and went to open the window as the air conditioning wasnt working. There on the curtain was the biggest, widest cockroach we had ever seen (a bit like those you see in the zoo safely in a glass tank!). We flicked it on the floor and covered it with the bin. On further investigation we found some more in our belongings. We phoned reception and they promised to send someone up. By the time they came it was well passed midnight and we were knackered. The porter was more interested in getting us a new bin than getting rid of the roaches.After a very sleepless, cockroach filled nightmare night we booked out very early the next day. The reception could not have cared less and the main company are useless despite numerous emails. Oh and to top it all there was somebody elses food in the fridge half eaten. Yuk! Never again! we will stick to Premier travel inns etc.	
May 22 2007	Double beds for men	I booked this hotel for a group of friends as we were all celebrating my best friend's forthcoming marriage. I'd read some of the previous reviews that mentioned there was a problem with overbooking, so i specifiied with the online booking agent that i wanted written confirmation that i would receive 8 twin rooms at an agreed rate and in this hotel , not the sister hotel, as the reviews for that one were not up to much. I received confirmation so all seemed well.When we arrived and after a lengthly booking-in process for some of the party, i was led into a room off Reception and told they only had double rooms, not twin rooms. My options were pretty much zero, it was either stay there and accept a rate reduction and free breakfast or try to find another 8 rooms at a similar rate somewhere else in Central London at 2pm on a Saturday.So 16 guys had to share double beds or sleep on the floor, which was not good, although the rate i eventually agreed to was good for London. The least they could do , in the circumstances.It's a shame because the hotel itself is nice and in a great location, the rooms are small as people have mentioned but my room was clean enough and would be fine if a couple were sharing it , not two men ! The staff in my experience were very friendly also, despite my obvious displeasure.I'd say if you're a couple or a very small party looking for somewhere reasonable in Central London ( these online reservation companies can get a good price ) then it would be ideal. But the booking system seems to be an issue, judging by previous reviews and my own experience.	
May 17 2007 	Toilet blocked and nothing done!	Booked through Lastminute and doubt if I will again ... this was posted as a 4 star hotel but I couldn't find evidence of a star anywhere . The plus - there was free internet connection in my room. The minuses - there was sign on toilet saying 'do not flash'! Reception told me to ignore it. Result - mess - and no-one solved it. Room was so small had to climb across bed to get to other side. Desk, but no room for a chair so had to sit on bed ... and no light above desk so after dark had to sit using laptop at top of bed. One blanket only ... and watered down orange juice at breakfast. Enough said - a disgrace!	
May 9 2007 	4 star??!!	We were going to stay in a Marriott in Maida Vale which is a lovely 3 * but decided to pay the extra €50 per night for a 'deluxe' room in this 4*. What a let down.. could only open the toilet door 18 inches because the toilet was in the way! The room was tiny even though it was supposed to be deluxe. We asked staff if this was a deluxe and they said all rooms were the same size.... front Desk Staff were unhelpful, almost rude, infact. The hallway was wide enough for one person and quite damp smelling. This hotel should be 2 star not four star. I think I will stick with Marriott from now on.	
May 6 2007 	Quality of Furnishings comfort and extras make this hotel an excellent choice	I've been staying on business in London every week since February, and I've finally settled on a hotel that offers high quality of furnishings and room comfort.Room extras include complimentary cable broadband access, steam iron, fridge and 17&quot; flat screen televisions. The Clarion Shaftesbury Hyde Park has been coming in at a very reasonable price recently - approx £79.00gbp per night for a single room, and this makes it head and shoulders above the rest of the opposition (£79.00gbp gets you a travelodge...enuff said).OK, so the rooms aren't all that big - but personally speaking I'd sacrifice room size for quality and comfort any day.All in all, a very nice hotel.	
May 3 2007 	Cockroaches but so what!	If you hate cockroaches, then don't stay here. Personally, I would rather have them than spend the night breathing insecticidal chemicals.Anyway, the location is fantastic and the public areas of this hotel are magnificent. My room was down in the basement: small, but spotlessly clean and well appointed. Air conditioning was effective and virtually silent. However, the telephone did not work and so I could not order a wake-up call. Facilities for making tea and coffee were provided, but no cups.However, the hotel bar is beautiful and served good but over-priced drinks.I found the dead body of a cockroach on the floor of my room, and later a living one crawled out of the bag in which I had been keeping my spare shoes. I mentioned this to reception when I checked out, and they agreed that my drinks would be on the house. They obviously get lots and lots of cockroach complaints. I heard one couple complaining about how their packet of biscuits had been partly eaten by insects (cockroaches), so do not bring any food into your room here.	
Apr 26 2007 	Nice hotel in a great location	I stayed there from 20-24 April 2007. The location was great! 2 mins walk to the Queensway Tube station and 3-4 mins to the Bayswater.On the road behind there are 2 supermarkets, many souvenir shops, xchange shops, restaurants, McD, Burger King, everything a single traveller needs. Hyde Park is just infront of the hotel.The room was a little bit narrow, but with discussions I had with native friends in UK, all houses and hotels are like this.I had no problem at all with the room, I was on the 7th floor, it was clean, it had a small kitchen and a small fridge (it didn't work though), water boiler for coffee, air condition. I can say it was small, but cute!I REALLY LOVED the 11mbps broadband Internet! I was in London for work on evridiki.gr and I had to work for many hours on my laptop covering latest news and uploading photos and videos. Honestly, the free Internet and the location were the two reasons I chose the hotel.The room hotel was really reasonable!Grooms were very helpful and smiled all the time. I can't say the same with the reception stuff. Helped me but, maked it look like as a burden ... especially one of them.	
Mar 21 2007	A Horrific Experience	We booked a delux twin room through hotels.com and even had a copy of our itenerary from hotels.com stating that we'd booked a twin--however we were told that a twin was not available and that a twin room should not have been offered by hotels.com. Frustrating, but the worst was yet to come. instead of the twin room, we were given a double room with an extremely uncomfortable &quot;day-bed&quot; in the corner of the room that was lumpy and about three inches off of the floor. We were also on the second floor, but the elevator did not go to the second floor for whatever reason. We were told by staff to check back in two days to see if a twin was available.One the third day of our stay, my sister saw not one but two large black cockroaches in our room. I thought she was kidding, but upon seeing them myself I immediately called the front desk, who was not surprised. A porter was sent up an could not capture the insects, and told us verbatim that this had happened &quot;two days earlier,&quot; and that &quot;if there is one, there are definately more&quot;. I went to the front desk and demanded my money back so we could check into another hotel, but was told by the person in charged that he didn't have clearence to refund my money and that his manager would be in the next morning at 7:30. I asked that the manager be called at home, but this evidently could not be done. Of course my sister and I wanted to be moved to another room, but the only double room available was located in the basement--as the building is has an infestation problem, we refused. We were then offered two sinlge rooms, one on the third floor, one on the fifth floor--as we did not feel comfortable being so far away from eachother we refused. We were then offered two single rooms back on the second floor--where we saw the roaches to begin with. We agreed to take them though they were around the corner from eachother and not &quot;right across the hall&quot; as we were told. One rooms had an pungent sewage-like odor coming from the bathroom. We went back down to the lobby and told the staff that the room was unacceptable. As there was nothing else they could offer my sister and I spent that night in a single room that was so small we could not open our luggage at the same time, and we slept in a single bed. The next morning we were at the front desk at 7:30 am and were told the the manager was ill, and would be out for the day, and that another manager would be in at 9:00 am. We waited until 9 and were told that this manager would now be in at 10. We asked the staff to call the manager, and were told that the manager was aware of the situation, but they could not give us a definative time of his arrival. When the manager still wasn't there at 10 we went back to our single room and waited. The manager arrived at about noon, apologized and offered us a complementary breakfast which we quickly declined due to the roaches on the premesis. The manager offered to comp us for the previous night, but we insisted upon compensation for the last two nights of our stay as the last two nights were ruined due to the situation with the insects and the lackadaisical manner in which the situation was handled by the hotel management. The manager said that he was only authorized to comp one night, and asked us to write a letter to yet another manager to provide &quot;back-up&quot;, so he could request compensation for two nights. We agreed despite the fact that we had spent our last full day in London waiting for a manager to show up and writing a letter explaining our situation to yet another manager. We gave the letter to the manager with his word that the two days comp would not be a problem.The next morning we checked out and spoke with yet another manager who at first said she was not aware of our incident, and told us to &quot;contact hotels.com for a refund as this was a last minute reservation&quot;. I referenced the conversation with the first manager, and she was suddenly aware of our situation and agreed to put in writing that we are to be comped for two days or our immense inconvenience. When I arrived back home, I contacted hotels.com, explained the situation yet again and was told that I would be comped for the two nights. I appreciate the representative from hotels.com's willingness to correct the situation with far more effort that the hotel management, but I do not know if I will book hotels through any third party vendors as this horrific experience should not have accured in a four star hotel. Under no circumstance should this hotel be listed on any sight as a four star establishment. I am still behooved as to why it is.	
Mar 9 2007	cockroaches	We stayed four nights and we saw roaches. We had to ask five times to get toiletpaper. The rooms were tiny. I do not recommend this hotel. A four star hotel..yeah right.	
Mar 5 2007 	Had a marvelous stay at this hotel!	I loved this hotel! Historical, beautiful upkeep, in a convenient location and the staff was excellent!! I was quickly checked into my room and the staff were extremely courteous throughout my whole stay, and in fact went over and beyond to assist me. The e-mail room is lovely - do you usually get to sit in a wood paneled room with stained glass windows while you surf the internet? My room was tiny, but suited my needs perfectly. I had my kettle and refrigerator and plasma tv - tiny piece of heaven. I was a solo female traveler, and always felt safe and looked after at this hotel. I would stay here again.	
Mar 3 2007	Small but well placed	I stayed at the Clarion Shaftesbury for 2 nights recently. I was a little put off by some of the reviews but it was midnight and i needed a hotel for the next day.With a bit of shopping around I got an excellent deal £69 per night (the hotel wouldnt be such a bargain if you are paying there advertise £160 per night).The location is excellent. It has two tube stations within 2 minutes walk which access central london within 8 minutes (5 stops).You walk out of the hotel and you are 50 metres from Hyde Park which is great for getting out of the traffic.The hotel itself is quite well done out and the room we stayed in was small but with everything you need. The rooms have a large plasma screen tv built into the wall and InterNet access which is free, just plug in and go. The beds are fine and theres the addition of a kettle and iron in the rooms. The bathroom although very small is well decorated and quite modern.To summarize our stay the hotel is in a great location, cheap (you may have to go through a few search sites to get your bargain but try doorman and bookings.com) and has everything you need for a short break in London. What i would be wary of is that you could start to feel a bit cramped if you are staying for more than a few days.	
Feb 25 2007 	Getting Shafted at the Shaftesbury	They are operating a sham. Stay away from this hotel. I booked this through lastminute.com. When I arrived, they took my credit card (simply for check-in procedures), checked me in, then promptly told me that a taxi had been called as there was a problem and they didn't have any rooms available. I was sent to a poor hotel in Earls Court with exposed wires hanging out of holes in the ceiling. When i complained to the Shaftesbury, I was told that they would move me back the next day and give me some concessions.The next day I was told that I couldn't move into the hotel and had to stay where I was. I again complained and was told that a manager would call me back. That was nearly 8 months ago and she still hasn't called. I lodged a formal complaint in writing to which no response has been forthcoming. I advised my credit card company about the sham. When the credit card company checked with the hotel, they produced an invoice and claimed I had in fact stayed there. The dispute is ongoing and the hotel will not take my phone calls.I would advise anyone to give this hotel a wide berth, unless you want to pay 4 star prices to stay in a 2 star hotel on the other side of London.	
Feb 22 2007 	Great rates small but nicely refurbished.	I was staying here as a single traveller so had a single room. The room was small but had everything I needed. I got a deal through Clarion after reading the review on here (thank you!).I had to change rooms as I had been asigned a smoking room to begin. The reception staff were very helpful and didn't mind moving me at all.The corridors are very narrow and it is a maze to find the room and then to get back to the lift but you soon get the hang of it.The bathroom was very clean and newly decorated. The shower glass screen is useless as someone else had pointed out but just leave the bathmat on the floor to dry up the water. The water pressure wasn't great for the shower but I was in no rush and it was a nice warm shower so I couldn't complain.I think all the rooms come with tea and coffee facilities which was great and also Wifi but I didn't have the use for this.It was a very pleasant stay and I will be using the hotel again in the future.	
Feb 4 2007 	Worth a Try	I agree with the previous review that your stay at this hotel depends on the room you have. We luckily had a room that was just fine. We were in room 109. After reading the many reviews on this website I was VERY concerned about staying at this hotel. I will say I was pleasantly surprised by the room. Yes, it is tiny. The bathroom was tiny. But it was clean and not too hot. I was assisted to the room by a bellman. I have never had that happen to me before. It was very helpful. The shower had plenty of hot water and good water pressure, but no shower curtain, just a small glass wall to keep the water in the shower....and it doesn't work very well. If you aren't really careful, your bathroom will be covered in water. But use some caution and you will be fine. The location is great with easy access to Hyde Park and two tube stations with two different lines. It is a block off of a busy road with many restaurant selections so you won't have to go far for a meal.During our checkout I heard another couple complaining that people had entered their room three times during the night. Sounded scary....use caution.	
Feb 1 2007 	So much better than expected!!	I honestly dont know what people are expecting from this hotel! I stayed for one night for £55 (even a Travelodge would have cost me £70 when I checked!!) After reading reivews on here I was seriously thinking about cancelling as I cant stand hot hotels rooms! However, as it was only for a night and there was nothing cheaper that wasnt a crummy B&amp;B I decided to stick with it.The reception is very well presented and the staff more then happy to help you out. My room was on the ground floor. The room is a bit small but there was more than enough space to move around and I've certainly stayed in smaller places! My boyfriend is well over 6' and he didnt have any problems! The decor was really nice and modern both in the bedroom and the bathroom. And there was a massive LCD tv too!To be fair, the rooms may really differ but I booked fairly last minute and managed to get a decent sized room.Please dont be put off this hotel be previous reviews. The price is excellent for london considering what you get, and like I said, somewhere like a Travelodge could easily cost you a lot more for a lot less.It's also very well situated near 2 tube stations (queensway and bayswater)The only negative aspect is that there isnt much going on in the area, however, there's so much to do in London there's no reason you should hang around in the same place all day!	
Jan 22 2007	comfy clean but very hot and small!!!	This is the second time i've stayed at this hotel, purely because the location is great and the price is low. The first time was disappointing as the room was very small and i mean small!! It was also very warm and stuffy even with the window open. This January i have to admit my room was better. It was slighly bigger, no steps into the room and very nicely decorated. My conclusion therefore is that your opinion of this hotel depends solely on the room which the staff will pleasantly show you around so you can have the best available room. I happily recommend this hotel as if your like me you are on a budget and require a CLEAN and pleasant room this is for you.	
Dec 30 2006	4*? Really!	Stayed for 1 night. Nice location wish I could say the same about the hotel. Staff is pleasant but rooms are very cramped. In our “Executive Room” window was leaking, phone and broadband was faulty. Bed was not comfortable, bathroom &amp; loo is very cramped. Had to use a torch to get to our room because our corridor fuse was blown and nobody was able to fix the fault before next day. I had to borrow an electric heater from hotel reception, which surprisingly turned out to be faulty.Checked out after 1 day and checked into Ramada Ealing (great value for money).	
Dec 30 2006	Small... and smaller	This hotel is a typical brittish one. When we first arrived we were astonished by a lobby which was full of old and dusty wall-papers, antic furniture screaming to be cleaned, and by a floor-rug which we felt suffocated by. Rooms aren't better - same all thing, but smaller. The bathroom was small enough for children maybe. Almost I didn't stay in bath tub while brushing my teeth. It was summer, the window couldn't get opened very much, as I managed to open it, it was difficult to keep it opened. Below us was a kitchen or something, so we were almost &quot;cooked&quot;. The window looked on a fire-escape, so I think anyone could have reach our window from the street - the feeling wasn't so good. Our friends in the other room had problems with cockroaches, we, fortunately, didn't. Breakfast is so-so, nothing special.So, overall, it wasn't as good experience as we hoped, but it wasn't as that disgusting. But I know I won't stay there anymore...	
Dec 24 2006 	Pokey little joint...but a good location.	Late flight in and got the last available room, even though we'd pre-booked a family room. Room was so small that when the missus wanted to open a suitcase, myself and our daughter had to stand in the hallway outside...seriously. (Edwardian era) Elevators cranked away loudly all night, and central heating was not adjust-able. Freezing cold outside, but we had to endure a fitful nights' sleep on a small double bed in 30c temperatures. The English love their warmth, but this was extreme. Nice location, but the area is full of people that seem to consider tourists to be akin to something they may have just stepped in. Very handy to Kensington Palace Gardens/Notting Hill etc.	
Dec 13 2006 	4*? I don't think so!	I cannot understand how this hotel can claim to be 4*. It's 2 at best. I stayed for only one night thankfully as I certainly couldn't have stayed another.I arrived with a friend around lunchtime and was told no rooms were ready (fair enough) and to return after 3. They looked after our bags whilst we were away. That's the good bits over with!When we returned we were shown to our room and I was expecting it to look a bit like the one on their website (foolishly) and couldn't believe my eyes when we saw our room. It was the smallest hotel room I have ever seen. It had 3 steps up to the bed and the wardrobe was on a sort of mezzanine level between the bed and the bathroom, speaking of which had no bath and could only fit one person in at a time. You had to lean up against the toilet to shut the door behind you!I immediately complained about this as it wasn't at all what I was expecting and was moved to another room which had a bath and was on one level. Again, this was a small room and wasn't at all how their website has you thinking it might look. After about 5 minutes I discovered that the floor was wet (I had taken my shoes off), the fridge didn't work and there was no plug in the sink so I called reception and they sent someone to take a look whilst we went to the bar.When I went back to Reception to ask what they had done I was told by their female Receptionist that there was nothing they could do about the floor, fridge or sink so offered me another room in the basement. The porters took our bags and we went to take a look at our 3rd room in the space of an hour only to find that this room had a window that was sealed shut, but otherwise seemed fine. We began to settle in and get ready to go out etc when we discovered that the TV didn't work so I called Reception who said it was probably the batteries in the remote so they sent a porter to change them over but that didn't work. After about 20 minutes they finally gave up and said it's broken. By this time I had had enough, I rang Reception to ask for a room with a dry floor, a fridge that worked, a sink with a plug, a TV that worked and a window that opened (by the way, this hotel is boiling hot all the way through for some reason so you NEED a window that opens) and we were told the only room that fitted this criteria was the first one we went to one 2 levels. We gave in and moved right back to where we started!All in all, a real disappointment! I was actually looking forward to this weekend away in a 4* hotel but came back VERY disappointed.We didn't stay for breakfast and we had one drink in the bar (massively over-priced).I certainly would not recommend this hotel to anyone and would love to find out how it can possibly be a 4* Hotel.I stayed in the lake district the previous weekend in a 4* hotel and it was a world apart. Absolutely gorgeous hotel with all the trimmings. If that's your idea of 4* then don't go to the Shaftesbury as you will surely be disappointed!	
Dec 7 2006 	Unique Service	Clarion Collection Shaftesbury Hyde Park Hotel London. Top Marks!How many places can you name where, if you lose nearly 100 pounds in cash, and don't even notice the fact until you have checked out and are in another city, the hotel staff will acknolwedge finding the money and put it in safe-keeping for you? .That's the Clarion. For me, that speaks volumes about the professional values held by all the staff of the Clarion. In November 2006 I checked into the Clarion after a flight from New Zealand. The desk staff were friendly, courteous and helpful. I was shocked at the small size of the room (delux double) but found out later that it was not too different from similarly graded hotels in London. The room was well-appointed and very clean and very conveniently located to good shopping, the underground and Paddington Station. The big plus was the comlimentary broadband internet access. I stayed 3 nights and the helpfulness of the staff was consistent over that time. I warmly recommend the Clarion to all travellers.	
Dec 3 2006 	Terrible attitude!	My friend and I booked a twin room through ---.com but was extremely disappointed with the service that we received. The hotel staff had made a mistake and only reserved a single room for us and were reluctant to offer us an alternative arrangement. Eventually they offered us a single room each which we were happy with, however the rooms were at opposite ends of the hotel. We remained polite and courteous but the staff were very rude and arrogant when we said that wasn't acceptable. We were then offered 2 other singles next to each other but when we were shown them we were left stunned and disappointed. They were ridiculously small, infact my bathroom at home is bigger. When I walked in with my suitcase I was unable to even turn round without first having putting the case on the tiny bed. They were of extremely poor quality and a far cry from what we were expecting. To make matters worse, I had overheard a chinese tourist complaining about the intense heat in her room. The reception staff were as rude to her as they were to me and casually announced that there was no air conditioning in any of the hotel. It absolutely stiffling in the tiny rooms. We refused to stay there and demanded our money back. They refused this and I am now having to take the matter up with ---.com. We paid a little extra for this hotel as we wanted and expected abit of class but all we got was bad manners and awful attitudes from all the staff. I wholeheartedly advise people to avoid this hotel. We ended up staying at a beautiful hotel in the next street called Central Park which was nearly half the price of Shaftesbury and included breakfast. The rooms were spacious and clean and the staff were lovely. Go there instead!!	
Nov 18 2006 	generally not a bad hotel	Pros: -close proximity to the Queensway station (which is your starting poing to go anywhere using the tube)-nicely decorated and furnished rooms (the rooms appear to be newly re-decorated)-let's say friendly staff-a very cozy and cute hotel bar-towels changed every day-flat screen TV-keycards (you get two if there's two of you in the room)Cons:-wooden floors covered with carpet (minor issue)-very very narrow hallways (about the width of my not that big of a suitcase)-not easy to understand the english spoken by the staff-extremely small room and bathroom (even more if you consider that we booked a 'deluxe' room; enough space to walk in only one direction one at a time; not recommending it to claustrophobics) -empty minibar-very low pressure in the bath/showerAll in all, we had an OK time at this hotel - probably would go there again.	
Nov 16 2006 	Good value beautiful bathroom but not 4*	Great hotel if it is just for sleeping. I stayed 1 night with my mum after going to see a show. Room was great, if not a little small. Bathroom could not fault. Booked a twin, but got a double- staff at reception not too helpful about this. But on plus side, asked for more milk and tea in room- knock on the door within 5 mins to replenish. Didn't use breakfast or dinner service so cannot rate. Sister stayed in room 611, a single, do not stay in this room as stunk of damp, and very wet carpet by window. For price cannot fault,have stayed in more expensive travelodges not as pretty, or as close to 2 different tube stations, only 3 stops from west end, great.	
Nov 14 2006 	Not as bad as some of the reviews	This hotel is not as bad as some of the reviews here although I agree that I am not sure how it managed to obtain four stars. I paid £55 for the room and considering its location I thought the hotel was good value for money. It is about two minutes from Bayswater and Queensway subway. Check in was painless, however the receptionist's directions to my room were &quot; down that way&quot;. I agree with the previous reviewers comments about feeling like Gulliver. My room was on the lower ground floor through some very narrow corridors, I had a small overnight case. I think I would have struggled to manoevre my way through with anything larger. The same applied with my room, everything was there just smaller. I was in what was supposed to be an executive double. It was fine for just me but it would have been a bit tight with anyone else in the room. I opened the double wardrobe to find that it was actually only about four inches deep and could only accomodate the iron and ironing board. The shower room was impossibly small; the sink was tiny and the shower tray likewise yet the shower head was disproportionately large. However everything was newly decorated and clean and there was a small fridge which I liked. I did have a few problems. There were no bath towels in the bathroom and it took two phonecalls before they were delivered. There is the promise of free broadband, however it was not working while I was there. It might be a little thing but in most hotels you have a hotel directory, there was none to be found. The room was roasting, there is a temperature adjustable radiator in the room but even when I turned this right down it didnt make much difference. Finally and most importantly the bed was a bit wonky and very lumpy - not conducive to sleep. If I thought that I could get a more comfortable bed I may actually use the hotel again as it was fine for my purposes.	
Nov 6 2006 	The Hotel is Good and Bad	My hubby and I stayed here for 6 nights from 29th October 2006 to 4th November 2006.Although we did encounter some problems with the hotel, we didn't mind our overall experience in the hotel for some reason. Probably because the place we stayed the week before was ALOT worse!Ok, the positives first:Yes the rooms are small, but we expected it to be small so we weren't too phased;They have FREE broadband internet in the rooms, I hooked up my laptop and away we went. I found the connection pretty fast as well. Other hotels charge a fortune for using the internet in the rooms, so this was a BIG positive;The staff at the front desk and porters are fairly friendly / helpful, although check in / check out can get quite hectic - and we had to sometimes wait awhile to have queries answered as there were people everywhere and only 2 people on the front desk;Its a great location next to Hyde Park, and close to both Queensway and Bayswater tube stations;Now for the negatives, which I must say were mainly to do with the housekeeping rather than the front desk / porters:We tried to check in at 9am on the Saturday and the room wasn't ready, which was fair enough.. so we left our luggage with them.. which is all ok. The negative was that we came back at 1.30pm and it wasn't ready, then back at 2.15pm and it wasn't ready... it wasn't until 3pm that it was ready because housekeeping were behind in cleaning the rooms;On the last night, housekeeping had not replaced our bathroom with 2 large towels (only small towels were replaced). At 9pm I called reception and asked for 2 large towels and was told they would send them up. At 10pm I called them again and they apologised that the porter was busy before and will send it up now. At 10.30pm my husband called them AGAIN and they said they will send them up right away. We finally had someone at the door only to tell us there were no more large towels left??! So he gave us 3 smaller towels. I didn't really enjoy drying myself from the shower the next morning with a face washer!! There was some problem with the laundry that day or something.The only other grumble would be that I found the housekeeping most days to be overall sloppy. One day we were out of tissues and it wasn't replaced. The bath/shower wasn't cleaned very well. That's it. We didn't use the restuarant / bar at the hotel so I can't comment on that. There are lots of restuarant / bars around Bayswater anyway. Overall, not too bad an experience.	
Nov 2 2006 	Not worth 75 pounds a night	The room was way too small with no space for a second suitcase. The room and all the hallways and elevators were very hot. We got a fan for our room. Because of street noise i asked to be moved to the back of the hotel. However, I was told it is even noiser back there. The shower was an adventure. No shower curtains, had to step over the tub side, not recommended for the elderly. The opague window in the bathroom door was silly. So others in the room can see you while you do your business. Beds are small. My feet stuck out the end of the bed, I'm 6 foot. Did have an internet connection for free but the lights are really low in that room.I guess it was to force you to the bar for $7 beers. Rooms are nicely appointed, modern, staff friendly, location good as it is near 2 tube stops both on different lines. Overall clean.	
Nov 2 2006	great value for money:	This is a lovely hotel. I booked a twin room for myself and my son, and the hotel offered me two single rooms at the same rate. The hotel is in a lovely area with numerous restaurants and shops. There are two tube station within a five minute walk. The rooms while small are very clean and have a large flat screen tv. Internet access is free and the staff are very helpful.	
Oct 29 2006 	I Would Rather Spend The Night In Jail Than Here Again	This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed at. When my wife and I arrived we were sent to our deluxe double room that was not accessible without climbing many stairs because the lift did not stop at second floor. The room was the tiniest room I have ever seen passed off as a bedroom. There were ten inches between the bed and three of the walls. The bed was pushed up against the fourth wall. One of us had to stand on the bed if the other wanted to pass. I had to store my suitcase in the bathroom.I immediately went down to the front desk feeling this must be an error. They told me no, that I was in a deluxe double. They then had a staff member show me five other rooms none of which were any better.This is a horrible hotel!!!!!	
Oct 26 2006	Rabbit Hutch Great hotel for Dwarfs CLARKE JONES 	Great hotel if you’re not thirsty at 11:00 pm and either stared in the borrowers or a Dwarf! Not 4 stars, rooms were ridiculously small and they refused to open the hotel bar at 11:00 pm after 9 of us had been out for a meal. It does have a good location and the rooms were well equipped with LCD flat screen TV’s but lets face it - there was no room for a conventional TV! Would not stay there again!	
Oct 25 2006	Excellent Quality Fittings	Lynn - NorthamptonshireI have read through many of your other reviews for this hotel and am somewhat amazed at what has been written about it. I am not sure what people are expecting from a London hotel that offers single rooms on the web at £59 per night which contain all the modern facilities such as Flat screen TV, Brand new luxury fitted bathroom, good quality bedroom fittings etc. I found this hotel to be lacking in nothing. If you wanted to spend all day in your room then my only comment would be the rooms are small but as we wanted to spend time enjoying the city not sitting in our rooms (Which is what I assume most people who come to our great city for) . The reception staff especially where second to none and our cases where stored &quot;FREE OF CHARGE&quot; till 7.00pm on the day we went home even though we had checked out of the hotel at 10.00am. I felt I must write this review as I nearly cancelled my rooms due to your negative ones, but luckily I didn't and was not disappointed. If you are looking for a good value for money then this hotel is for you. If however you want all the luxury’s possible and to spend all day in your hotel with a cost of £100 plus for a single room the check out the THE RITZ at £150 per night.I for one WILL BE using this hotel again and sorry for all the other people who may have missed this bargain due to bad reviews!	
Oct 25 2006 	Gulliver in the land of the little	We arrived after booking a double delux on Hotels.com and were given the keys to room 301. This room had a small stairway leading to the bed platform-- the closet was located along the stairway wall and the bathroom was also to the side of the stairs. There was no way our luggae could fit in (we travel with 2 small carry-on suitcases). So we thought there must be an error, this couldn't be a double delux. So my husband went to the desk and was shown several other rooms -- all tiny and delux doubles. We finally ended up in room 217 which had a tiny alcove that we could use for luggage and to set up our laptop. The Internet was not working for half the time we were there. While I was in the lobby I overheard one phone conversation with another customer who wanted a bigger room. The bathroom was so tiny that a person could hardly turn around in it. I felt like Gulliver in the land of the small in this hotel. If you have desired to live in a doll house this is just the ticket for you.	
Oct 23 2006 	lovely hotel.	i stayed here for 2 nights on the 14th &amp; 15th October and i found it to be a lovely hotel.I booked a standard double room through last minute.com at a very good price for a 4* in london. The hotel was in a great location also.The room was very small but me and my boyfriend didn't find this a problem, there was enough space to walk around the bed and get to the bathroom etc. and if anything the size just made it cosey.The room was decorated wonderfully, the bathroom was clean and modern, the bed was very comfortable and the television was huge! The ironing board in the wardrobe did seem pretty pointless as i have no idea where excatly you would put this up but luckily it wasnt needed!The room I stayed in had 3 steps leading down to the actual room which were right behind the door! so be careful if you stay in 502 as i was not given any warning about this (probably because the woman at reception was as rude as everyone says) and could of had an accident.Other than the female receptionist, the staff were very polite and friendly. Overall a great weekend break.	
Oct 5 2006 	Who rated this a 4 star?	For a so-styled 4-star this hotel was abysmal. We arrived thinking the location seemed good, and first impressions from the lobby were favourable; marble floors, tidy if small, plenty of staff about. It all changed very quickly. We were given Room 902-NEVER TAKE THIS ROOM! Firstly, the lift only goes to 8th floor. Not good. Then after some help from porter lugging bags we arrived at the room. He even laughed when he opened the door.... There wasn't room to stand our two cases on end in there, they had to go on the bed. The bed filled the sleeping area from end to end, impossible to get to other side except by going over it. The sheets were dirty. There were cobwebs in the corner, probably because the cleaners couldn't get over bed? No fridge, despite the listing claiming all rooms had one. Ironing board-to be set up where, I don't know. Tea facilities were on far side of bed, so you had to clamber over it carrying steaming kettle to make a cuppa. The toilet dripped all night. There was no power in the shower, it wouldn't even wet my hair. A little skylight didn't close. My boyfriend could operate tv with his feet the bed was so short, despite taking up whole room..We were offered another room with no air-con instead, in the basement.We left the next morning, but not before they kept the deposit. They must make all their money this way...	
Oct 5 2006 	Nightmare	I booked through a corporate travel agent. Upon arrival the hotel had never heard of me. The hotel manager was working on reception (no badge) and berated me in front of other guests for not having a printed confirmation. It was 7pm, so I failed to reach anyone at my office. The hotel people told me I was going to have to wait until their agents searched about 200 web sites to find my booking. After half an hour and watching other people go through reservation problems, I asked for the manager, only to get the same rude woman.She continued to berate me for 'assuming it was their fault', and told me that she was not responsible for my travel agent messing up. She was being rude and loud, and it was impossible to have a normal conversation. I am a very patient person, and would have had a sense of humour about sorting out the booking issue the next day, had I simply been given a room in the meantime.I was given the option of waiting indefinitely in the lobby until they found my booking, or paying in advance for two days as a walk-in booking and cancelling the travel agent booking. I couldn't cancel with the agent, as it's pre-paid, and she told me over and over again that I could not 'confirm a past booking' and get a refund. Eventually after about half an hour of wrangling with the manager, she agreed (visibly angry) to put me in a room with me paying up front on my card, and that if I came in the next day with my confirmation, she would refund the charges to my card.It therefore took me an hour of discord to get into my tiny, semi-functional room. The a/c problems mentioned in previous reviews are still happening, and my room was hot. The windows cannot be wedged open without stuffing the curtain behind, and doing that made light shine brightly into the room. The hallway to the bed was claustrophobic, and I couldn't move past the ironing board once I set it up. It was dangerous to iron my shirt because I couldn't move safely around the ironing board. The corridor absolutely must be a fire hazard. No water pressure.Next day I came back with the confirmation, and she was on the desk again. She told me that they had received the confirmation that morning, late, and that it was the fault of my travel agent. She agreed to refund my card, and continued to tell me it was my fault. I noticed that the confirmation had a 'hotel confirmation reference', including a staff name. I told her what it was and she confirmed that this person worked in the hotel reservation department, meaning that they did indeed confirm my reservation with my travel agents on the day it was booked, but didn't enter it into their system.So I had long, multiple conflicts with the hotel manager because they messed up, and they took their mistake out on the customer over and over again. Completely unacceptable.The last day, I had problems checking out, because they tried to charge me for the first day's breakfast (pre-paid inclusive by my travel agents), and again demanded my confirmation. She said I had to pay, and I had to ask her to read the confirmation again. I managed to get it sort out, but this delayed my departure.Never again.	
Sep 19 2006 	Worst treatment ever!!!	Had a reservation for a deluxe triple room for one night at the Shaftesbury. Booked through hotels.com as a four star hotel, got a good price for a triple room. Thought it would be a nice hotel newly refurbished and newly open (since April this year). The lobby was well decorated and clean. So I thought, so far so good and I was actually starting to look forward to my stay there. Upon check-in the young woman told us that they did not have a deluxe triple room in the hotel so they were going to send me and my friends to another hotel. I asked her if it had the same star rate as this one, 4 star. And she said YES. They arranged for a taxi for us and they paid for it. They have probably overbooked pretty well because I heard her on the phone say: We’ve got a transfer, yes another one. OK. The taxi took us to Bloomsbury to a hotel called Euro hotel. The frontside was not promising but we decided to give it a chance and went in. There we found out that it was a 3 star bed and breakfast!!! They sent us from a 4 star hotel to a 3 star bed and breakfast! How is that possible? Usually when hotels have overbooked they send you to another 4 star hotel or upgrade you to a 5 star hotel, but they sent us to a bed and breakfast. Don’t get me wrong the bed and breakfast was very nice, it was clean and small and the staff there was very helpful, but not what we had booked and not what we wanted. The lady who owns this bed and breakfast was very helpful. She showed us the fax that Shaftesbury had sent to Euro hotel. There it said please do not disclose rate to guests. But though for them we had already paid for the room and so we knew the price. So according to this fax, Shaftesbury was going to pay for our room at Euro hotel but was going to take the rest for themselves. The Shaftesbury was about 200 pounds but Euro hotel was about 90 pounds. We also called hotels.com and we were furious. They found it also very strange that the Shaftesbury hotel would downgrade us not upgrade. So they said that they were going to refund us these 200 pounds and also the 90 pounds for Euro hotel, as a compensation. I would not recommend this hotel Shaftesbury to anyone, unless they want to be treated very badly, because obviously the staff doesn’t know anything about customer service. Fortunately we have the phone number for the Shaftesbury but still haven’t called them. But believe me we are going to, very soon, they just don’t know it yet. They think they are in the clear but they’re not!Never, ever go to that hotel!	
Sep 16 2006 	Cheap but ridiculously tiny!	Well, location is good - close to tube stations and walking distance through the park to a lot of attractions. The room was ridiculously small - avoid Room 522! There was a standard double and two night stands and then the walls - at the foot of the bed we measured 6 inches of space to walk past - and the flat screen tv was on that wall meaning you had to slide along the bed instead of walking past the end! I really wonder about the health and safety aspect here! It was nicely decorated and the bathroom was fine - but as some of the other comments state, the air con was bust and the flat screen tv did not work. We were not alone and heard many others complaining at reception but the staff seem to have heard it all before and just shrugged! I suppose you get what you pay for - and at £60 a night its cheap and since we were only there 8 hours it did the job. Just don't expect a decent size room and hope you don't need to get out of bed to visit the bathroom at night without clambering across the bed!	
Aug 22 2006	Please Avoid	Started off with one of the lifts being very dodgy and one not working. When we went into hotel room, which was tiny, discovered a terrible damp smell and found that the floor was absolutley soaken. After much complaining got moved to another room on the ninth floor which was even smaller but at least it was dry ! The ensuite has just about enough room to turn around in and some of the tiles still had spacers in them and no grout. The a/c didn't work and instead there was a fan which took up some of the little space available. This hotel was supposed to have been recently refurbished, would not like to have seen it before hand. Do yourself a favour, choose another hotel in the area as it is a good location.	
Aug 19 2006 	Big disappointment!	Not quite the experience I had in mind… There was good and bad, but enough bad for both my girlfriend and I to decide we would never go back.On the plus side, the room was nicely decorated and appeared to have been refitted fairly recently. The bathroom fittings were new, pretty and well fitted. The tv is a nice new Philips widescreen lcd. Didn’t really have any interaction with the hotel staff so difficult to judge them. The hotel is situated within a stones throw of Hyde Park and Queensway tube station.On the negative side… well the rooms might be nicely decorated but they are tiny. Let me put it this way. The double bed just fits, as in you can literally step from the bed into the bathroom. There really was only just enough room to walk, sideways, between the bed and the walls. The bathroom really is nice, but again, tiny. Between the bath, sink, door and wc the available space was approximately 1 square metre… or less. The in-room safe did not exist, so either had not been fitted or had been stolen. The air conditioning for the whole hotel had failed and was not repaired during our stay, in fact it looked like a fairly serious problem as our room, and presumably the others too, had a portable aircon in the room. Good try as that was, it was not really good enough. The window in the room was so dirty I initially thought it was covered by netting… We had to open the window to keep cool, even with the portable aircon unit. Unfortunately a) the windows are swing open style around a central vertical axis and would not stay open without using the curtains to wedge it and b) remember what I said about the size of the room, and the type of window… well watch your head!There is a fridge in the room, but it had no stock. I was uncertain as to whether this was because it didn’t actually work, whether they had forgotten or whether it is (4 star) hotel policy!You’ll also find something odd about a hotel opened in ‘April 2006’ and the state of some of the public areas décor. And as for the lifts… use the stairs if you are able.All in all it is a fairly typical tourist class hotel in central London, we would never stay there again.	
Aug 8 2006	More like a 2 stars	My wife and I booked this hotel for 10 nights on the basis of their website which states that the hotel has just recently opened in April 2006 and that the rooms are all air-conditioned.When we arrived, there were two porters there who were more interested in chatting to each other than help us with our bags. At the reception desk, there were at least 20 people waiting to be checked in, some had been waiting for at least 30 minutes.When we were finally checked in, we were shown to the two lifts which looked like as if they were from Churchill's days. One of the lifts did not work so we had to wait 5-10 minutes for the other lift to come down. Meanwhile, the porter who took our bags was busily trying to sell us the various tours / taxis that he's affiliated with.Our room was on the ninth floor but we had to get out on the eighth floor to walk up two additional flights of stairs. When we opened the door, we could not believe our eyes. The room was the size of a closet. It was literally, as one of guests eliquently described it, &quot;a bed surrounded by four walls&quot;. There was no room to move and the only window was a tiny porthole that is smaller than ones that you would find on Greek ferries. The water trickled out the shower and bath tap and the toilet leeked water constantly. We immediately asked for room change but were told that the hotel was fully booked out.The next day, they managed to move us to a slightly larger room which was one floor down but still in the roof attic of the building. The room overlook Inverness Terrace which is one of the noisiest streets in Bayswater. Opposite the hotel is a backpackers hostel and all through the night, we could hear shouting and police sirens. To make matters worst, at 5:30 am, we were woken by loud bangings on our door. It turned out that the fire alarm has gone off (not that we heard it in our room) and that we needed to evacuate the building. We quickly dressed and walked down 9 flights of stairs and out to the street only to be told that it had been a false alarm. Had it been a real fire, we would have been roasted alive! Unbelievably, we struggled on and stayed in this hotel.The next day, the air-conditioning in our room broke down. We enquired politely only to be told that the whole building is without air-conditioning and that there's nothing they could do. We asked when it will be fixed only to be told again that they do not know. At no stage did the receptionist or the duty manager apologise to the guests about the condition of the hotel. We constantly overheard guests complaining about the heat and the various problems at the hotel. Being in the attic, the room was unbearably hot. We continued on like this for 2 more days. When we finally complained, they provided us with a fan but it only blew hot air around. We finally had enough after 7 nights in this hellhole and decided to cut our losses and move to another hotel. When we told the duty manager of our decision, he said that air-conditioning is not advertised on their website. I said to him that it was on there when I booked our room and he reluctantly admitted that it had been removed recently.This hotel has potential but they have completely stuffed it up when they decided to open without the basic infrastructure in place. The staff (from the duty manager down to the cleaners) have not been trained probably. An example of this is the constant knocking on our doors by the cleaners in the morning despite that fact that there was a &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign on the door. The cleaners do not speak and read English so that could be the reason why the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign has to no meaning to them. Even so, basic training could have solved this lack of English. Not once during our stay did they vacumm the floor, change the sheets or wipe the bath down. One time, they even left our door open after they finished so we were totally shocked on our return in the afternoon to find our room completely open to the public. There is no service lift so the cleaners and the bags and bags of used towels occupied the only working lift, making it a good 10 minutes wait for the lift each morning.We have stayed at numerouse hotels around the world from hostels to 5 stars. You get what you pay for but if the hotel advertises itself as a 4 stars, it better has the infrastructure in place to back it up. It does not take much to make a hotel stay enjoyable. Clean room, sheets, towels and toilets are the basic ingredients. Next comes the overall well being of your guests (eg. running water and room temperature) and then the attitude of your staff towards the guests.We will never stay at this hotel ever again and hope that others who read this review stay well clear of this hotel.V&amp;K, London August 2006.	
Aug 7 2006 	NOT IMPRESSED	arrived at this hotel in very hot weather..was quite tired and were not acknowledged by the hotel staff on arrival. after grabbing their attention we asked to check in, the receptionist explained we were to be transferred to another hotel and then sort of trailed off as to why. werent given any clear instructions or asked to pay (even though a fellow tourist was paying for his room before being transferred). so we were taken across london to an unknown hotel other then that it was on oxford street, had no rele clue, the information given was pitiful. The hotel we were transferred to was thankfully nicer and not too noisy. yet when we went to pay for the room we were told it was prepaid. I had paid a deposit over the internet and then told to pay the rest on departure, instead i was not allowed to pay and wihtout notification they have charged my dad, which has caused some problems. although i cannot comment on staying at the hotel, i can tel u there communication is terrible and very uninformative causing a one night stop over and valuable time in london to be disrupted.	
Aug 6 2006 	Great for the price	Booked online for an average of £62/night for a double room. This is dirt cheap for central London at this time of year. Remember while reading these reviews, you get what you pay for. Back home this amount of money would get a real 4 star hotel, but in London, it does not. Things are more expensive here. If you want a room in the style of a US Hilton, you won't find it in London for under £200. However, if you want somewhere nicer than a youth hostel for not significantly more than the cost for 2 people, this is the place for you. I would stay here again.The rooms are small by comparison to american hotels, but not by comparison to other London hotels. The photos they show on the website are much bigger than the one you will get if you book online. Maybe if you pay rack-rate you'll get one of those nice big rooms with big windows, but we sure didn't. We ended up with a basement room. The window lets in enough light, and is well enough secured to protect valuables.The entryway to the hotel is lovely and edwardian, and there's a red carpet in reasonable condition leading up to it. The rooms have been refinished beautifully into a dark modern style. The in-room internet works as advertised (seems to be about 8M/1M speed) and is free. And frankly, for me, these things are what matters. One comes to London to admire London, not spend time in the hotel room.That being said, it's not perfect. Most importantly, THERE IS NO AIRCONDITIONING. After verballing the manager, he admitted to me that the feeder cable from the power company cannot handle the current draw for all the airconditioners at this time of year, and the air-conditioning has been turned off to keep power supplied for everything else. He claimed work would commence in the next week to upgrade this cable, but since I won't be here, I wonder his sincerity. It's a reasonable excuse, especially since the air-conditioners were only installed this year, but still, the end result is no air-con in sweaty humid London. This is not the place for a romantic get-away at this time of year, unless you like being really hot and sweaty.Secondly, while there are nice 40 inch plasma TVs in the room, they seem to have a policy of not replacing lost or stolen remotes. Maybe there were never any remotes in the first place, I don't know, but this means all these £1000 TV's do is make a good clock (there is a small clock in the TV's frame). It seems insane to leave a £1000 TV dormant for the want of a £9 remote, almost as crazy as the notion of stealing remote controls from hotel rooms, but maybe I just don't understand people today. The staff suggested I buy one from a retailer in Oxford St if I wanted to watch TV. I passed them up on this suggestion, so sorry if you get my room next. There is no remote.Thirdly, and finally, we come to the bathroom. A frosted glass door assures that your choices for use of facilities at night-time are to light up the entire room, to your partner's chagrin, or remain in darkness, to your peril. There is no door or curtain for the bath/shower, nor any extractor fan. Additionally, while the refit was only finished in April (or much later, if other posters are to be belived), there are brown stains in the ceiling of the bathroom of my room. The powdery nature suggests mould to me, but the pattern looks like a leak from above. Either seem feasible.The staff seem reasonably helpful, although the first three of them I spoke to had never come across the concept of an extractor fan in the bathroom and management were less than forthcoming over the exact cause of the lack of airconditioning, but they did have someone to help us to our room with bags. Again, if you're from north america, you probably won't like the staff, but don't worry, it's nothing personal, they're just not fishing for tips like many you've met back home.I haven't checked out yet, but I assume they're not going to try to trip me up with some hidden charges. They do seem honest enough.All in all though, great for the money.	
Jul 31 2006	don't bother!!!!!!	First impressions were good but that's as far as it went! the &quot;room&quot; was the size of a postage stamp, although the decor was very nice, a larger room and not so fancy would have been better.The website that we booked the hotel through stated that the room was air conditioned, but on arrival we realised that their version of air con was a fan!! We queried this and were advised that it wasn't working due to an electrical problem even though it was obviously working in the reception area!!The impressive flat screen wall mounted T.V also did not work!And the fridge didn't work either, along with the bedside lamps!All of this made our stay very uncomfortable especially as the temperature was 33 degrees!! the bathroom(although again beautifully decorated)was also very small,making showering a bit tricky to say the least!!it was also very alarming to see that most of the guests we met in the reception were there to make a complaint about the hotel .this was not our first choice of hotel and will definately not be returning!!!	
Jul 26 2006 	thieves !	I wanted to offer a long week end (jul. 10th) in London to my small family and then got to book a &quot;deluxe&quot; hotel with nice rooms well located. It was clearly written on my request &quot;three adults with luggage&quot;.When I was proposed a tiny little room with no airco and a sense of a prison cell with garbage in the hallways, I went back to the desk where I have been proposed to sleep in another Shaftesbury premise where they showed me a room in the basement with a single very &quot;petite&quot; window... So it was again impossible for us to stay so uncomfortably for three nights (I wanted London to be a good souvenir for my kid) and then, we ran off.They now charge my card with a rough 500 GBP !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!They will never have them, I promise !	
Jul 24 2006	Terrible what a shame for London	Booked the Hotel for one night. Web site stated A/C. First thing when I checked in was, that the Reception said there is no Air Con available and the outside Temperature was over 30C that day after days of heat in London. After my complaint I got assigned to a single room which was with a working A/C. Room was horrible small, rather a closet than a room and very hot and humid (no A/C working). In the Bathroom water came from the ceiling and it was badly smelling. No way. Went back to the Receiption (many people did that day and I was lucky I checked in around 1 pm). Got another room on the top floor. Was a double, a little bigger but I cannot see that two adults stay there with luggage. The room was with A/C and terefore was nice and cool when I moved in. However, simply no space. Nice big flat screen TV, but for what is it good if there are no channels available. Unfortunately the room had a window in the ceiling (well top floor), so the sun was shining into my face around 4 am in the morning. There was no possibility to close that window with a curtain or anything similar. Top floor had no access to the elevator, small steps to climb and small floors. Nothing you want to do with luggage. Didn't seem the Hotel has any Bell Boys available to help the hotel guests .What a horrible stay, not to mention, that the Hotel had no Bar, no Restaurant and no Minibar in the room. I say, never again, and what a shame, because I am sure the Hotel was refurbished recently, but what they have done is just not worth for the price (even if reduced fee for a stay).	
Jul 21 2006	Shaftesbury Hyde Park Sauna - A mildewy experience	Oh how I wish that I had found Trip Advisor before booking this hotel. I booked via another website which, shockingly, had this hotel listed in its &quot;highly recommended&quot; area.During my stay the air-conditioning did not work at all, at a time of record heat (mid-July). I had to haul heavy luggage up a narrow flight of stairs instead of taking the lift as advertised. Ah well, I thought at least I could pop some ice in the fridge and have a cold drink - however the refrigerator did not work at all. The hotel room smelled wretchedly of rotting mildewy carpet and mould due to overflow from the ensuite soaking the bedroom carpet. This was impossible to avoid, as the entire ensuite (including toilet, hand basin and shower) was approximately 1x1m wide and the drain didn't - even after a shower the night before and in 32 degree heat, the entire floor was still awash with water the following morning. It was actually not possible to stand crossways in the shower area without one shoulder touching the wall and the other hip hitting the basin. Even the window could not be opened properly to provide any sort of ventillation to the room. Other problems: no informaiton in room so you can't telephone reception; no newspaper, trouser press or hairdryer as advertised; poor cleaning (stained coffee cups, half-used shampoo bottle from previous guest left).Staff were unable to help and had apparently heard it all before - when I started to complain about each of the issues the manager finished each sentence before I had a chance to. One staff member even said they were sorry for me having to stay in that place!Such a shame as the room would have been fine (though very very small) with a minimum of basic maintenance spent on it to fix the air-con and drainage problems. They've clearly spent a fair bit on re-fitting it, so why not make it actually functional? At least the plasma TV was big. Big-ish, anyway, relative to the size of the room. But oh boy, did it pump out a lot of heat for a tiny little mildewy sauna of a room to take in!	
Jul 6 2006	Good location and great price!	A very nice hotel to stay in not just because it newly refurbished but also because of the value of money you get.I booked a room at £69 which i thought was inxpensive for a 4 star hotel but i must say i was lucky as i think this must have been the introductory price.As i entered the lobby i was astouned with the decor and the traditional values that have been preserved while refurbishment.The only set back i had during the stay was the air-conditioning not working and the days i stayed in the hotel were the hottest days with 32 degrees temperature.But i must say that the staff was more than willing to help and they provided me with the air cooler which some how cooled the room put at ease.The additional advantage is the breakfast with the choice of continental and english breakfast which i enjoyed the most.Also i must mention about the bar which has got the cozy atmospeher hence a perfect place for a quite and romantic evening with your partner.The rooms are very well decorted with LCD screen TV and free broadband internet access which helped me to be in touch with my family.To sum up its a very good place to stay and i will strongly recommend to my friends and family.	
Jul 6 2006	Such a shame...	It's not often I go to London, and very rare that I don't stay with friends when I’m there. For the occasion of my girlfriend's birthday, it seemed right to make it a bit special. So I booked a 'superior' room well in advance to ensure it would be a good one. We arrived in the morning and found the hotel without a problem. It was a little disconcerting that when we arrived at reception, we had to wait to check-in behind two groups of people, both who were complaining about service and hotel conditions. I hoped their experiences would be a one off. Sadly they weren’t, and at every subsequent journey past the hotel's reception, I witnessed another guest making a complaint.We were forewarned that the room we were given was 'quite compact', but air-conditioned. We were given the option of leaving our bags and coming back later in the afternoon, whereupon we could have a bigger room, but one without air-conditioning. Due to the workmen outside the hotel not holding back with their pneumatic drill, and a preference to keep the windows closed and air-con blasting (it was a very hot weekend), we opted for the 'compact' option. On the 9th floor.This involved carrying our bags from the lift on the 9th through very narrow corridors, and up a flight of stairs to the floor above (in the eaves) which must have been the servants' quarters, back when the building was a home.I had my fingers crossed that 'compact' was an exaggeration. Sadly, it was a rather generous description of the conditions. The double bed was just about the only thing that could fit in the room, with perhaps, 1 foot clearance at the sides and foot of the bed. There were bedside cabinets , a table with tea and coffee making facilities, a small wardrobe, and a very smart HD ready LCD TV on the wall at the foot of the bed (which had to be carefully navigated when attempting to get to the far side of the bed). This meant there was nowhere to store luggage. Sadly even the LCD TV was unnecessary as the signal being piped into the room was so poor, that most channels were unwatchable, and the rest with a degree of imagination.The bathroom was small but functional and everything was very clean and tidy - the cleanliness cannot be faulted. We decided to keep the room, on the basis of 'better the devil you know', and at least it was cool. It was after we had spent the day visiting the sights that we returned to the hotel and found the bathroom's flaw. The shower was barely a trickle. The power was so low that the water just followed gravity, and tilting the shower-head made no difference to the direction of the water. This, sadly, is not a feature I appreciate in a hotel room, and one of the biggest frustrations.On leaving the hotel (we'd checked out in the morning and left our bags with them for us to collect before catching the train home), we had to wait 10 minutes just for our bags to be returned to us, but were provided with a very prompt taxi back to Paddington.All in all, it was a trying stay, and if we were staying longer, with more luggage and without the ability to return home and get a proper shower, I would have made my thoughts known to the hotel’s management. However, it seems my two-penneth would have been surplus to requirements as the complaints of the other guests covered all of mine and more. It’s a delightful building in a great location, and as stated above everything was kept very clean and tidy, and the staff were polite. Sadly it seems the management is lacking and things generally seemed disorganised. A lot of work and patience is required to make it a pleasant stay. Very disappointing.	
Jun 30 2006	The Shafty Shaftesbury.	Oh My God!! There are far too many terrible things to say about this hotel. Too many to mention, so I will list the most important ones. This must be by far be the worst hotel on the face of the earth. It should rank last on the list of places to stay whilst in London. The only good thing about staying here was not the hotel, but the location, just around the corner from Bayswater train station, close to convenience shops and a very short walk to Hyde Park. The biggest things about the room were the bath towels and the plasma tv screen. I'm not sure exactly where to start so I will begin with check-in. My brother and I arrived late, a little after 11pm on Sunday night the 11th of June. It was not busy as it was so late, yet, the three staff manning the front desk were so inept, they made us wait over half an hour before taking us to our room. They did not have my reservation, luckily I had printed a confirmation letter which they asked if I had. First impressions were not good. They had no personality, could not even manage a smile to greet us and offered no apology for the lengthy delay.Finally, we had a young man (not long ago a boy) who took our bags and us to our room on the 6th floor (or 7th floor as the lift would read). The corridors were so narrow, he struggled with our heavy bags and it took us forever to manoeuver the corridors to our room. When we arrived at our door, he instructed my brother to place his swipe card in the door to open it and then put it in the light slot inside the room. This is where diaster nearly struck, as he failed to mention that there was a step down into the dark room. Well, my brother fell and twisted his ankle, luckily with no major damage. I was not happy. I was even unhappier when the light went on and we both saw how tiny the room was. This was just some of their false advertising as they clearly mention spacious rooms. Every time I walked past my brothers bed to get to the bathroom, I kicked him in the legs as we are both tall, his legs hung over the end. We learnt towards the end of our 5 night stay there that he would have to shift if I needed to get past.The bathroom was also like a shoebox, with no room to do anything personal. It looked nice and new, but it was not practical in any way. On our first night, my brother looked down whilst he was sitting on the toilet and painfully smashed his head on the basin. The shower was so small I could not stretch my arms out fully (see photo). The water pressure was miserable and twice, we endured cold showers as there was no hot water.During our stay, London experienced hot weather and one day it reached over 32 degrees. We had no air conditioning in our rooms which baked in the daytime sun. We would have been cooler sitting in a sauna. The staff said that the air conditioning had to be shut down as it was interfering with the lighting system.The corridors also never had air conditioning and it worried me that in the case of a fire, we would not be able to escape. It was like a maze in there, very frightening in an emergency.Our bedside lamps did not have light globes, so we requested them. Not once, not twice, but we asked nearly ten times when our light globes would arrive. They never did.To make matters worse for a sport mad person like me, the huge plasma screen at times had miserable reception and the world cup was on!!! I was not happy. I asked for someone to come and have a look at it. He was a maintenance man and said thats just the way it is.When we checked in, we asked if breakfast was included in our package and they said no, so when we went down the next morning, we were told it was free. The next morning, we were told it was not free and we'd have to pay. After complaining about the staff not communicating properly and no-one knowing anything about the running of this place, the girl said we could have breakfast for free. It was the last time wer ate here.The breakfast room was large &amp; bright but the food that was supposed to be hot ie. eggs, baked beans, bacon. had no heat to it at all which was a little off-putting. One staff member in particular was so bored and had nothing to do, she tried to make herself look busy by straightening some plates, re-stacking some yogurt tubs and just fiddling around. It made me laugh. They were obviously all very young and extremely inexperienced.Back to the room, the sliding doors did not slide properly and were propped up with little bits of wood to try and keep them straight (see photo). There was building dust still in certain parts of the room although, all in all, it was quite clean and the decor was nice. It was unbelievably small, smaller even than my bedroom at home.I booked this hotel based on the fact that they advertised they were recently fully refurbished and open since April. I didn't think I could go so wrong with a brand new place. They have falsely advertised the fact that they are fully refurbished when in fact they are still heavily renovating, the noise of the renovations could be heard in our room from the floor above. It was obvious in most parts of the hotel also with workmen everywhere. The hotel lacked the restaurant that was also advertised and I was so looking forward to using their gym, yet, even with equipment in there, I was told it was not ready to use. How come I was not surprised at this stage? You probably would not have wanted to use it anyway as you would have passed out in the heat in there before even exerting yourself.The lifts were dodgy and rattled and rolled. One occasions we opted to use the stairs as the lifts had no lighting and it looked a little too daunting. After reading another review about a man and wife getting stuck in there, I am glad we did not use it too often.The corridors had mountains of towels and rubish bags littering them and when asking the cleaner something at some stage, she promptly told me she could not speak english.To sum it up, do yourself a favour and DONT STAY THERE!!! You'll regret it if you do. The service was atrocious, they really have quite a lot to learn about customer service and satisfaction. They really come across as though they don't give a S*#!I told them I would not pay the full amount on checkout and they offered us a 20% discount. Lucky for them, as we should not have paid at all. DON'T stay there ........ please!!!!	
Jun 28 2006 	the worst hotel ever-reviewers were right	If only I had read the reviews on trip advisor as I usually do. I'm so angry about my stay that I can't believe I didn't move to another hotel but I was too busy working and the desk was always crowded with people doing just that. Hotel will never be a 3 and 1/2 or 4 star, the twin rooms are an insult, size of a closet, the rate is unbelieveably bad and literally you must sit on the bed to get to the desk because the bed touched the walls at the head and foot. So cramped. And my first night, the hottest night in London for 50 years the power went out. I couldn't even open my window as you could have walked into my room from the roof. Phone line was out too and workmen were yelling at each other at 2:30 in the morning walking around trying to fix it. Second night, the AC went out and so did the internet. 3rd night the elevator went out and I had to walk to the 9th floor but the 7th floor which I had to walk through was black, no power. No one even warned me at the desk. Next morning, I nearly keeled over from fumes from paint and paint thinner cans left next to my room for hours, that night, AC out again. Only one night did everything work...except the exercise room, where there were no electrical lines from the brand new equipment to plug into the walls, so you couldn't use it. I travel often and the rate was an insult. Of course, I can't even contact them to complain! And the staff wasn't even very nice but always seemed to want a tip. Truly, none of them spoke much English. Horrible	
Jun 27 2006	Terrible Hotel	Booked through Expedia as four star, was concerned when hotel website didn't have a phone number listed and no actual photos of property shown but was already prepaid for two nights stay so thought we would go ahead. Found phone number under old hotel name Inverness Court and called and was assured construction was finished. Arrived and was checked in by a pleasant young man - arrived in tiny room had to climb over the bed to get to other side, no wardrobe or chest of drawers (see photo) hence dress for my Birthday dinner at a Michelin Star Restuarant is hanging on wall picture! Was planned to be a very special weekend. On way out asked if there was a slightly larger room, young man was going to assist but was shot down by an older woman who told us all rooms are the same and we had paid for a double. Spent the night waking my husband climbing over him to bathroom (size of closet) - no AC or remote control either. I felt like we had to plan our movements to get around the room like a military plan, we couldn't both stand in bedroom unless one was on the bed.Next day, my friend checked in, was given a much larger room but no AC. We asked again to move after seeing their room and were moved to a larger room but revealed a single bed. Called the desk from room where she argued with me that it was a double. Sent a bellman up to check we weren't lying. Moved into third room. Slightly larger and seemed ok. On return we realized the TV didn't work and still no AC (remained in here as so depressed). Meanwhile my friends room has baked all day with direct sun, so they moved but their room has no curtains and the shower rail came off in their hands. We had already complained to the manager but by the morning where the front desk is 45 mins deep with guests complaining we are just ready to run out of there. Appalling - manager we met with was very professional and did offer some compensation but other staff were not helpful at all. Ruined a very special stay for us. Rooms are well decorated and obviously new but needed another month to finish rooms and train staff.	
Jun 27 2006	Why this hotel is so bad	We stayed at the Shaftesbury, Hyde Park in June 2006 for one night. We thought we were getting a great deal when we booked a deluxe double room with bed and breakfast for £68 instead of the usual £300. There is a reason why this hotel offers such great reductions and the reason is because it is possibly the worst hotel (for the money) you can stay in when in London and has clearly built up a reputation as such.Here are the reasons you should not stay at this hotel, even if you get a great deal:1. On checking in we had had to wait over half an hour to be seen while staff dealt with complaining guests.2. There was no record of our booking3. We were booked into the wrong room on two occasions4. We got stuck in the lift for 10 minutes while inept staff tried to get the doors open (no sign of any maintenance staff. Given that the lift is about a metre square and the temperature was in the 30s it wasn’t very pleasant. Eventually I managed to get the doors open, the staff were very pleased that the lift could be used again, obviously no concerns or apology for myself and my wife.5. We were on the 8th floor of the hotel and had to use the stairs (see above) although we did get help with our bags from a porter (eventually)6. We had to avoid mountains of rubbish and laundry in the corridors, which apart from not looking very appealing is a fire hazard.7. Our room was less than 3 metres by 3 metres in size (this is a deluxe double room remember) and the bathroom door could only be opened half way because it hit the bed. 8. Although there is hot water the water pressure is so low it makes the bath and shower almost redundant (it looks nice though)9. The air-conditioning is unreliable or just doesn’t work10. Check out took 45-minutes due to complaining guests.On a more positive note, the cooked breakfast was very good (although it was stone cold) and the breakfast area is well decorated apart from the big water leak in the ceiling which drops onto the floor in the middle of the restaurant.Only stay here if you want to enjoy a laugh with your friends about your worst hotel experiences, you are bound to have the best stories, we do and shall be dinning out on them for some time to come, thank you ‘the Shaftesbury’.	
Jun 24 2006	Don't go there ! The worst place I ever stayed in.	At first arrival the poorly English speaking Kazachstan girl (all personnel in this place come straight from Kazachstan!) in the reception unashamedly told that we couldn't stay in this hotel (we were two couples, having booked two weeks in advance, with an OK confirmation received) and were going to be brought to a sisterhotel. Without asking or saying where this sisterhotel was or that we agreed she started to call for a taxi to bring us there. After making clear we had no intention to go anywhere else we were put in front of a senior (also poorly English speaking) Russian looking lady and after some discussion and outed frustration from our part we were finally offered the two double rooms we had booked for in this hotel. Note: The following guests that arrived got exactly the same treatment! After this we were finally guided to our rooms by a very unpolite Kazachstan monkey looking male type asking us unusual questions what we were going do here, where we were coming from eaxctly, etc.. in a Russian KGB style. Once he showed us the storage place they called our room we were shocked. The bed was sitting tightly sqeezed in between the two walls by which we couldn't even pass the bed. Only by crawling over it with our luggage to get to the other side where the tiny bathroom was located with a small window that had no opening. The storage space we were sitting in had no ventilation just an airco that was recirculating the air in this cramped space. It was awful to be sitting in let only to sleep here! This counted for both rooms we got. Complaining at the reception about this storage space offered by them didn't give any reaction whatsoever besides saying that this is how this hotel is made. Note: You are being fooled by letting you believe from the images they show from their  hotelroom that the spaces are according to standard. They aren't at all ashamed to  put you in a cramped storage space.The next thing we got to hear is that we had to pay an extra charge for the breakfasts because it wasn't included in the booking we made. I got very angry that they asked for my credit card to charge if we want this against an additonal 20 British Pounds per couple.I had all the details of the booking with me which mentioned breakfast included. but the shear attempt to let us pay again extra is one of having no manners or understanding at allin what role they were as speaking to their guests.We stayed there for two nights: The corridors in this hotel are long,warm, smelly and very narrow. There is no ventilation or easiness to find fire-escapes (there are but only at the far end of each long corrider!). So to us this was also a scary and dangerous place to stay in, in case something would happen. The Kazachstan personnel that came in the morning to clean the rooms had to sit on the laundry lying on the floor otherwise we could pass them to go out!The first evening we come back the hotelcard given to us to open the roomdoor wasn't working. We were sitting on the ninth floor. When we wanted to go back one of the two elevators was broken.When after long waiting for the remaining elevator we got down to the reception to receive a new card. When we wanted to go up again the remaning elevator was also broken. Not wanting to go up nine floors late in the evening in a sweaty hotel we had to wait for a technician from outside to come and repair the elevators. 40(!!) minutes later and many other also waiting guests were able to go up againConclusion: For a newly recently opened and refurbished hotel this is a nightmare place which is beyond any imagiation or belief in a place to stay for a visit to London. Therefore I do not understand that e.g. the British Tourist Organisation or any other authority can approve of such a place offering these low standards of services and at the same time charging these rates.An terrible and awful place to stay at, with the lowest level of services ever experienced and really out of place and not suited for a place like London!	
Jun 19 2006	The worst hotel experience of my life	I have travelled the world for 14 years on business, and I have never experienced a worse hotel than this.Having waited 45 minutes in a queue of people checking in (the hotel clearly did not see the need for extra staff), I had got plenty of pre-warning for what I was about to encounter. Time and again people were complaining about being checked into rooms with other people already staying there, or being told that there were no rooms available due to some rooms having no electricity. Renovation work has obviously not been finished yet.Sure enough after finally getting to the desk I was told that they did not actually have the room I had reserved and that I had been booked into a hotel on the other side of London -- a 45 minute cab ride away at best. Having chosen the Shaftesbury because of its location as I was attending an event in Hyde Park, this was far from ideal.Questions about why I had not been informed of this problem in advance were not answered and, left with no choice, they told me they would have a taxi available to ship me off to the other hotel. After almost one hour of waiting, and with the reception staff completely ignoring me and other guests in the same predicament, I was eventually forced to ask if they could look after my bags for the evening so I could return later on to be moved.Later that night, having phoned in advance to ask that the taxi be there at the same time that I arrive, I turned up only to find that it had not been booked. So it was another 45 minute wait, more complaining to staff who did not seem to care about the problem, and eventually a driver turned up who did not even know where we were going. While waiting at reception, more guests were complaining about being booked into the wrong type of rooms, other guests were left with no rooms -- and all the time the staff were insisting it was our problem...A complete shambles of a hotel I'm afraid. The experience thoroughly ruined a planned break for my wife and I and I would warn anyone considering staying here to avoid it at all costs. Stay away!	
Jun 18 2006	Great room fittings but nothing worked!	Recently stayed in this hotel, and there were a lot of problems, and I mean a lot!The room itself was the smallest room I have ever stayed in, though it was beautifully outfitted and spotlessly clean. I knew I was in trouble when they did not have my booking, and they assigned me a 6xx series room which was located on the 7th floor (Instead of the 6th floor, which is the norm).4 out of the 5 nights I stayed there was no hot water in the morning. 2 mornings the lifts were not working, and 1 day the lifts had no internal lights. One morning there was no electricity, and the air conditioning worked for only 1 day. I missed a couple of calls into the hotel, as their computers were down.It is important to note that the hotel is undergoing alot of renovations at the moment, which I am sure are the cause of all the grief. The staff were okay, not overly friendly or helpful but I guess that are bombarded day in and out with complaints.The hotel is located close to Bayswater Tube (Circle/District Lines), is within 5 minutes walk of Queensway Tube (Central line) and is within 20-30 minutes walk from Paddington station (Heathrow Express).If you are looking for a hotel in this area I would suggest Elizabeth London Hotel. It is not as nicely fitted, but every works!	
Jun 18 2006	Not recently refurbished but still being refurbished!	We were transferred to this hotel due to a booking mix up when booking the Paddington Park hotel. We had a nightmare finding it with staff telling us it was number &quot;one to nine&quot; making it sound like 129 when it's actually 1 - 9 so we eventually got there after walking the length of Inverness Terrace!The outside looked beautiful and we were really pleased, but that feeling did not last long, and never returned! We queued to check in for around 20 minutes and then spent over another 20 being checked in whilst overhearing other guests being moved to another hotel due to rooms not having hot water or air conditioning! The reception staff did not seem organised or know what on earth was going on. There were 5 of them crammed behind a tiny desk and still it seemed to take 4 of them to serve 1 guest at a time!We breathed a sigh of relief when we found we were not being moved (as we would have been late for the concert we were going to in Hyde Park and taxis seemed to be taking over 20 minutes to arrive!)Reception staff did not know which rooms were empty and which were occupied as the computer was not giving them accurate information so each time they found a room they had to send a porter up to it to check if it was free or not! The girl checking us in had to go through 5 rooms before she found one we could have! By this point my husband and I had done all the 'Fawlty Towers' and 'Carry On Abroad' jokes so we had to laugh when we were told our room - 702 - was on the 8th floor!! Oh, there is no 3rd floor and reception (level with the road outside, save for a few steps) is on the 2nd floor according to the lift, of which only 1 was working!it took a while to find our room as there are loads of little corridors but no directions! Once in our room (after finding only 1 key card worked!) we were pleasantly surprised as it was actually really quite nice with a very comfortable bed, lovely bathroom and large plasma TV. However, the air conditioning was on full blast and it took us a while to figure out where the controls were as there are no instructions of any kind in the room! We guessed that reception was 0 on the phone so called down to ask someone when breakfast was and to ask about the extrememly poor picture on BBC1 - the studios of which were in shouting distance! Someone did come up but couldn't do anything so we attepted to watch the World Cup later that evening and make guesses as to the goal scorers through the fuzzy diagonal lines travelling across the screen!The next morning we packed our things and headed out of the room for breakfast. I pressed the down arrow button on the lift and we waitied, and waited, and waited! it was only when I got fed up and pressed the up arrow as well that the doors opened and we found the lift had been waiting there all the time! It was about this point that i tripped over something, only to discover it was a plastic plaque lying on the floor telling you which way your room number was! We both agreed it hadn't been there the day before!We had left ourselves 25 minutes to have breakfast and check out but when we got to the restaurant there was a queue of around 7 people, the first of whom had been waiting for over 10 minutes already just to be seated! We decided that we would never get seated, served and eat in time so left and checked out.The final straw came when we checked out and were told that a phone call to a mobile phone had been made from our room - we'd only ever called reception! We were by far not the only people suffering from a total shambles of a hotel that weekend. In fact, I don't think I saw a happy guest there and many were making complaints about all sorts of things. I shall be copying this review into a letter to them asking for compensation as there is no way this is a 4 star standard hotel. It certainly will be but they are a long way off yet. When the reviews say 'refurbished in April' perhaps they mean April 2007! I would wait until then to expect a decent standard from this hotel	
May 27 2006 	Faulty Towers	I chose to stay at this hotel as due to the late notice of my visit my usual hotel was fully booked. On line the hotel sounded nice with comments such a newly refurbished! I booked a room described as Double Deluxe. All I can say is that I am glad there was only me. The room was tiny with no wardrobe or in fact anywhere to hang your clothes. There was no remote for the TV, Iron or hairdryer. I did get all these items in just under the hour when I rang down to reception. I asked for another room with a wardrobe and eventually the receptionist asked me to meet her at reception so she could show me two more rooms. She had no idea how to get to either room and led me through what can only be described as a building site for a central stair case. This was a better option that the lift as one of the two had lights out and wires hanging down meaning it was dark when you were inside and quite spooky. The rooms numbers were bits of paper and the first of the two rooms didn't have a wardrobe either, the second did, however, there was no rail inside it as the room was still not complete. I decided to stay where I was!The radiator or something had leaked so one side of the bed the carpet was soaked. There was a fridge but I had to plug it in and take out the instructions from inside (still in the packaging). There was no hot water and the TV signal was poor.The next morning the reception area was full of people complaining. The reception staff are all foreign and unhelpful (they could have just been fed up with all the complaints). They didn't seem prepared or ready to be open. The restaurant was not open in the evening and breakfast consisted of stale bread, fruit and cheese!The second night I did have hot water but the water pressure was very low.The decor and the quality of the bathrooms is actually very good. They need to review how they are advertising each room and get something to hang clothes on. They also need to get the lift sorted out and not be taking bookings when there are still workmen finishing off the refurbishment.All in all I would be very surprised if anyone that stayed there this week would return again!	
May 24 2006 	The worst hotel I've experienced to date.	I picked this hotel on the basis that it was described as a boutique hotel that has been recently reburbished as of April 2006. The 4 star hotel also boasted wifi internet access, restaurant and plasma TVs. In reality the hotel is still being renovated. There is no restuarant (as of 24 May 2006), no wifi internet access, no air conditioning, TV reception is terrible (no remote in room) and the rooms are tiny with no wardrobes. The hotel landings and hallways are still a building site (see photos) and the rooms are full of building dust. The finish of the renovation work is of low quality and rather half hearted (e.g. room windows do not close fully). When the above issues where raised with the hotel manager her approach was &quot;she couldn't do anything about it&quot;. In my opinion the hotel should not be accepting booking at present and not worthy of a 4 star rating.	
Feb 21 2006	Stay At Your Own Risk. You were warned.	The Inverness Court Hotel is in and excellent location. Quaint and welcoming on the outside until you reach the front desk. Front desk staff were very rude to my mother and I. First words out of their mouths were put your bags in the back leave come back later you have no room right now. We arrived at noon. I was so taken back by the unwelcome I just wanted to cry and come home after the long trip. Came back later (4 hours later) and still no room with the attitude like it was our fault. Eventually got a room after arguing with the front desk clerk. The room was small just enough room to turn and fart. The room smelled like sewerage with what looked like a shower head coming out of the wall the water actually just spilled on the floor as this was normal. The breakfast was decent with all you can eat buffet lots of coffee rolls doughnuts. Kitchen staff were actually very nice. Do yourself a favor dont stay here. I stayed here twice on 2 different occasions an thought the second time would be different. WEll. IT wasnt. Smelly room unfriendly staff but all expected a tip...which I am a very generous tipper even though I was so disappointed with the Inverness Court Hotel......Peace.......Jeffrey	
Oct 10 2005	Dirt and ghosts	My daughter and I travel to London once or twice a year. We want a cheap, clean, and friendly hotel to stay in. Breakfast included should be at least continental with cereals. The only two extra things we check for are a decent tv (I need to rest in the evenings) and coffee/waterboiler in the room. (Which I thought they had.) This place has none of the above.We have actually stayed in cheaper hotels which have been far better on all points. The shower was so dirty that I had to clean it before I ventured into the ugly bathtub to cringe under the hot spray. It had only two options: hot or freezing. The tv sound was only whisper or scream. It didn't matter anyway, since the only channels were...well...not watchable.The bed? *shudder* You are better off sleeping on the floor. And it was cold during the night. So we were lucky the window couldn't be secured in a partly open position, eh?The impressive furniture in the room off the reception was so dirty I gagged when I, unaware, sat down.The brochure contains misleading information.On the positive side? Old rooms to investigate. My daughter believes they are haunted, she claims she 'felt' the energy. Very creepy and fun.The location is great; in Bayswater, near tube stations and buses.I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Oct 2 2005	Do not stay here if you can help it	Our travel agent booked us at the Inverness Court hotel for our European honeymoon. We needed our dollar to go as far as we could and had no illusions about how little it would get us in London. We also knew about the complaints about this hotel from Trip Advisor reviews and figured we could deal. We knew it would be very small and that the included breakfasts would be nothing to get excited about. With all that said, I would gladly have paid an extra $50 a night to have not experienced this place. Our room on the tenth floor was dirty and grungy, with stained wallpaper peeling off the walls. Only one elevator was functioning (still!) and we ended up taking the stairs a few times to avoid the long wait for the elevator, which only could hold 4 people comfortably (the elevator only gets to the 9th floor; you have to walk a flight of stairs to the 10th). The room was freezing at night as well and a request to get our heat turned on didn't get results. All of this would have been fine if the room had at least provided a good night's sleep. The bed was like plywood with springs attached and was only bearable after laying down the comforter and blanket under the fitted sheet. For most of the nights the street was quiet, but on the weekend, a Middle Eastern club had live music which wailed on for hours. Oh, and one night the fire alarm went off a few times in the middle of the night.Bottom line: $120 a night won't get you much in London, but shop around some before you stay here. Yes, the location near Bayswater tube station is great (which serves the Circle line that runs around London; the Queensway station that is even closer on another line is closed until next year), but I would never have dreamed of staying at such a dumpy place. I think there were even better places on our block, so look into those maybe. I could be wrong though; the place was pretty full with visitors from the Continent and the US. Just know that you are not getting what you pay for.	
Jul 2 2005	The Inverness Court Adventure	Inverness Court Hotel, what can I say? A very interesting site in a good location, but as a hotel...? It was built by King Edward for Lilly Langtree with lavish wood carvings, beautiful outdoor stonework, and stained glass windows but the royalty stops at the creaky elevator. The rooms were parcelled out on the smallest possible scale. It was like staying in a closet. The beds were not comfortable though the linens seemed clean. The bathroom was amazingly small and you had to be an accomplished gymnast and contortionist to take a shower without turning the floor into a duck pond. The general decor was neo-classical dinge.Though it was summer, I am convinced that the heat was turned on. The hall was hot and the public toilet near the dining room was a sauna. Totally unusable. The dining room was only good if you sat next to an open window. The help was friendly but clueless. A girl in reception lost an incoming phone call to me. Harry, the assistant manager from Cyprus was a very nice person who gave us some good tips. They also have nice hard candies at the desk.Breakfast was continental. The juice was passable. The rolls were OK. The croissants ran the gamut from microwaved to inedibility to pretty good. The add-ons to semi-English breakfast were also pretty good. Bacon and eggs or sausage and eggs for 2.50 additional. A breakfast like that kept us going til the afternoon. The second night we ate dinner at the hotel because we were too tired to go out to Queensway. Only two of the many tables were set for dinner. We had to rouse the Spanish waiter(cook?) from his evening newspaper and convince him we wanted dinner. Even he couldn't believe that someone actually wanted to eat there! My wife had roast beef and I had roast lamb. My plate of lamb looked exactly like my wife's plate of beef and tasted suspiciously the same though the waiter swore it was lamb. The food was was the best that comes out of a can! And of course the room was insufferably hot.The location was good, 5 minutes walk to the Bayswater tube station. (Beware of long lines at the beginning of off-peak time at the station.) Queensway, a 3 minute walk from the hotel has more mediocre restaurants per square inch than any other place I've seen. We ate at a bad Chinese restaurant (recommended by hotel people) the first night and didn't get too adventurous after that. One morning we beefed up our continental breakfast with an egg McMuffin, a cheaper alternative than the in-house add-ons.My overall impression of the hotel: we were able to put up with it because London is such a cool place and we only slept there. It's no resort hotel, just a crash pad with the trappings of Fawlty Towers. Only John Cleese was missing! A more interesting hotel at that price is probably difficult to find but abandon all your hopes of comfort at the door. May the Force be with you!	
Jun 28 2005	don't stay here for longer than you need to!	We had a room on the 8th floor, for one night only recently, and thank goodness it was only for one night. The room was tiny, the bathroom can only be entered sideways. That bathroom - in fact the entire hotel - needs a thorough cleaning and modernisation. The room itself was just about adequate, and as we were both shattered, the fact we had two twin beds was bearable; certainly don't plan a romantic weekend in this one. The TV was tiny and antiquated and had only three - obviously terrestrial - channels. The lift felt cramped and unsafe, the garderobe (luggage room) was minded by an asleep off-duty barman, and a cockroach met us as we came out of our room.On the plus side, the check out is a very sociable 12 noon, and late check outs are available at a price. Breakfast - continental - is provided in the price which once again was acceptable for the location at £60 for the night, although as we didn't get up for it I can't comment on the food! The hotel's location is another positive point, between Bayswater tube station and Kensington Gardens so it's handy for exploring.We were both rather shocked to discover that this hotel is on many tour itineries for Spanish speaking countries; we'd certainly not want to be staying in this hotel's Spanish or Latin American equivalent.	
May 28 2005 	Great staff - Great location - poor quality rooms	I chose the Inverness Court mainly for location and price. The staff were most helpful but in this day and age there is no excuse for poorly decorated, cramped and uncomfortable accomodation. My room was on two levels with a small staircase.The shower room and toilet on the lower floor was tiny, narrow and just about adequate.Forget toiletaries and hair dryers - this was basic. The beds were uncomfortable and the TV was not working properly.There were damp patches on the wall and the hygiene levels were just about passable. The breakfast was dreadful. On the plus side the location is excellent and the staff very pleasant but in my opinion it should be closed and completely refurbished. This is typical of some older hotels you find around Bayswater, Paddington and Kings Cross. For just a little more you will find internationally acceptable standards in more modern properties. I will not stay in this hotel again.Overall a sub standard property.	
May 8 2005	I'm glad	I'm glad! I returned May 7.The location is wonderful. The staff was very friendly. My room was small but comfortable and clean. The roll were delicious.I'm glad!	
Apr 4 2005	1950 Youth Hostel with victorian lobby	We were attracted on a previous stay in London by the Victorian look of the premises, plus very good location close to Queensway Underground station and Hyde Park.Sure the reception rooms and staircase do worth the visit. But the old house if not haunted (?) is in great need of care and works. And alas the 120+ rooms take place in an adjacent building (fifties ?) where you have to struggle with shower, separate cold and hot water... and no hairdryer. No more tea/ coffee facilities. General sadness when you are there.Even if as french citizens we are used to smaller rooms than in the US, at Inverness Court they are truly undersized, as are the doors, TV set etc.And in the almost OK breakfast room the glasses are very small. Before drinking the &quot;fruit&quot; (?) juices, ridiculously small, you think. Happily small after tasting, you are sure ! Even in no-star hotels in continental Europe, &quot;continental breakfasts&quot; are better in every point of view.And an english breakfast here would be expensive, if not dangerous. Nobody tries, anyway ! Phone calls are also far from cheap.All in all, not too bad for an obsolete 1950 youth Hostel.	
Mar 5 2005	You Get Value	We returned March 3. We were hesitant to go to the hotel after reading all the negative reviews and were given a chance to change hotels. We are glad that we did not change hotels. The location is great. It is close to two different subway lines--which was important when one was closed the day we arrived rolling our carryon luggage about. The subway from Heathrow is about $7.50 US and takes about an hour. We suggest getting an all-zone pass like we did so you can use it all day (about $11US). The staff was kind and stored our luggage in the bar and allowed us to register, but had to wait until after 2:00 to get a room. We had a train pass and had no trouble checking in at 7:00pm on the 8th floor. Yes, only one elevator worked, but we rarely used it because our room was next to the wide staircase which is all handcarved and carpeted. The staff gave us anything we requested. The room was big enough and we had a full-size bathroom. Hotwater was hard to come by. We were charging our camera in the hall for two days until we asked about an outlet. You had to move the bed to get to it. There are no tea/coffee pots in the rooms (as stated on their website). I did hear a man ask the frontdesk for a hairdyer and he got one for a deposit fee. The breakfast was fine. The rolls were delicious. We paid $50US per room per night in a package deal. What do you expect for that?	
Mar 5 2005	We Liked It	We stayed in this hotel during our very first trip to London. Found it old and charming. Sure the rooms are small, the bathroom was smaller, but then all rooms in London are on the small side. Had a nice view out the window and were on the 6th floor. lobby is cool, staff were all eastern Europeans. breakfast could have been better but wasn't awful either. I feel I adapt fine to where I'm going, I love London and hotels are going to be different wherever you go. Location is superb, and I agree with the reviewer from Indiana who mentioned the pizza place. We have eaten there many times since during our six trips to London. Nice hotel, though it is for some reason no longer being used by Virgin Atlantic vacations. We Stayed there five years ago, things may have changed for the worse.	
Feb 21 2005	I would stay here again.	Having read the reviews on this site I was worried about what I would find when my friend &amp; I arrived Feb. 6 for a 6 night stay. I was pleasantly surprised. The staff was very friendly and extremely helpful. (Amazing how good manners get returned). Yes our room was small, but it was the same size as the room my mother and I shared four months earlier at a hotel outside of London which was much more expensive than this one. The location is excellant. One block to the tube, or a bus. The day we arrived we couldn't check in until 3 pm so after leaving our bags in the bar, we walked across to Kensington Park and saw the palace. As for food the continental breaskfast was basic - rolls, juice, coffee and tea, enough to get you started. We ate dinner there one night which was ok. Most meals were eaten on the next street, where there was American fast food, 2 pubs, Italian, Chinese, Vietnamese, Indian and Moroccan food. There were several grocery shops, pharmacies and even a mall with movie theaters. The hotel was old, but beautiful, and full of history. My friend and I enjoyed our stay here and I would love to go back to London and stay at the Inverness Court Hotel again.	
Feb 20 2005	Great hotel for the price you pay	After reading the reviews from this website, me and my girlfriend were horrified because we have already paid for the stay.When we arrived, we were pleasently surprised with the hotel. All the previous reviews agreed with the beauty of the building. The living rooms and the bar are very cosy, but a closer look notices lack of care.The hotel staff were always very friendly and we had the luck of being on the 3rd floor, because we didn't need to use the elevator, we only needed to climb a few stairs.The hallways on the room floors were very narrow, the rooms were small and the bathroom tiny. All of these were perfectly clean.The breakfast is too simple. Just tea, coffee or orange juice with some croissants or bread.In conclusion, this is a great hotel for the price you pay and it is perfect for a few days in the city.	
Feb 18 2005	Not as bad as they say......	I too was a little freightened by the reviews I'd read here, but I was pleasantly surprised to find a very clean room and bathroom in a charming little old hotel. Certainly the room was not as large as we would expect to find in the states, but it was acceptable. Now the bathroom was another matter....it WAS tiny, a large person would find it totally unusable, but we simply found it funny. You could sit on the toliet and your legs were under the sink. We had plenty of hot water and our room was well heated, to the point we left the window open during our stay. The bed was a little lumpy, but not so bad that it was uncomfortable. We saw no mold in the bathroom, nor cockroaches, mice or any other vermin during our stay.The lobby area IS beautiful and did not seem dingy or dirty to me. It IS old but I found it to be quite interesting. They were putting up the Christmas tree when we were there (late November 2004) and it was lovely to see the lights on it through the beautiful front windows at night.The staff was either friendly or cold, but never really rude, although not one of the staff I encountered was english and they all spoke with very heavy, hard to understand accents. It is odd they make you turn in your room key everytime you leave. There was only one working elevator and as mentioned before, it always seemed to stop on one floor although no one had rung for it....maybe the hotel is a bit haunted?The location couldn't be beat, a few doors down from Hyde Park and Kensington Palace/Gardens. Around the corner was the Queensway tube station. We felt very safe walking around this area, even coming back late at night there seemed to be quite a few people still out on the streets. Just around the corner was a very good pizza joint, seems to be a chain in London that was just like eating pizza back in the states, good to know if you're traveling with teenagers or young children. For what we paid (as part of a package it worked out to about $20 US a night) what more could you ask for? Besides, you shouldn't be spending that much time in your hotel room anyway, there is so much to see and do in London.	
Feb 5 2005	dirty 	My husband and I checked in 29/10/04, the outside should have been an indicater as to what lay inside. The receptionist was very polite and having registered i requested on iron, the lead was cut in 6 places(i have the pictures)we prceeded to our room which was on the 10th floor(the elevater only went to the 9th so we had to take the stairs to the 10th) Our room can only be discribed as a store cupboard. It was filthy dirty, from the bedspread to the walls to the carpet. The curtains were falling off the windows, the wooden window sills were rotton, the tv did not work, the shower dribbles water. We were late checking in and needed to get to a show in London so we did not complain. We never slept a wink, our room was beside the elevator controls. Breakfast was a disgrace, (tea/coffee and stale rolls) there was also a liquid that resembled orange juice but in was like orange cordial.I did complain that morning and asked to be moved only to be told there were no other rooms available, although the receptionist did have a rooming list with allocated rooms for that day, I pointed this out to her she still refused to change our room until another receptionist heard the commotion. This girl said if we packed our bags and brought them to reception she would have another room ready on our return that evening. Well, on our return we were given the key to room 601, this was slightly cleaner than our last room but I can not understand how these tiny rooms can be allocated.My overall opinion was never to return to this hotel.	
Jan 25 2005	Pleasantly Surprised	After reading your reviews a few days before our trip, let's just say we arrived with a great deal of trepidation. What a wonderful surprise awaited us! Arrived early in the a.m. from the US and put our luggage with everyone else in the bar/theater area. It was monitored and locked when no one was there and we felt perfectly safe leaving things. The staff was from the Ukraine, Russia, Poland, Spain and other countries. All very personable and smiling. Perhaps if guests used smiles and pleasant tones they'd be treated the same way we were? We enjoyed talking with everyone and they went overboard to see that we were happy. In fact, when we discovered on the second night that the TV didn't work properly, Julian, a delightful young man, packed and moved us to another room! Beds were certainly long enough for my 6'2&quot; 250 lb. husband (we had twins) and we found them very comfortable (and I have back problems if the bed is not good). Floor creaked, but we didn't hear our neighbors. Bathroom was small but no smaller than hundreds of others in Europe. Both elevators worked (but stopped on 6th floor on most trips - my theory: it was Lily Langtree not wanting folks to go above her original house). Both rooms we were in had full working outlets and were exceptionally clean. In all, we would recommend it to friends and would certainly stay there again. Above all else, it was beautiful and historical, centrally located, quiet, friendly, and very clean. We stayed for five nights and were very happy. We travel a lot and I am a meeting planner so look at hotels all the time. My feeling is that each of us gets back what we project - so lighten up people and stop being such spoiled Americans. You'll enjoy travels in Europe much more.	
Jan 13 2005	Inverness Court Needs Renovation	O.K. - So I read the reviews and still decided to take my chances with this hotel. I was mortified that it even ranked with three stars. In my opinion this is a one star hotel. I admit that this must have been quite a place many years ago but the place has got to be redone especially the bathrooms.Yes - the exterior of the building and the dark wood interior of the lobby and lounge are not bad at all. The breakfast room must have been redone recently because it looks totally updated. Evidence of disrepair on the other floors is everywhereMy room - There was no room in the closet (broom closet size I swear) to put luggage. The bed (twin and the room had enough space left over to walk back and forth). Double rooms were not much bigger. There was no remote as TV was operated from switch which was part of the head board - but 4 channels were offered which meant that you would have to get up and change channels, volume, etc. The bathroom - no separation of shower, sink and toilet - so when you took a shower water ran across and covered the floor completely - that was insane. The bathroom was the smallest I have ever seen anywhere in the world. I travel a lot and have stayed in a number of 3 star hotels, this was unbelievable. The front desk staff, trying their best and not all that bad but information received would depend on who you spoke to and when. No hotel information directory in room. A notice on inside of door read - depress button on lock for extra security but that feature was not accessible. Every time I would pass by the front desk there was a dispute with guests and staff and the staff obviously were frustrated. This is not ever a good situation in the hospitality industry.Unfortunately for the Inverness Court, guests comfort is what is most important and this is where they need to really really improve. In my opinion this will only happen with a major renovation. Then it would be a great place.	
Dec 9 2004	Beautiful old Hotel	My girlfriend and I just spend four fantastic days at the Inverness Court Hotel. Before we went I had visited this site and read some of the reviews about the hotel. Needless to say I was a little skeptics about it from reading all the bad reviews, but I was VERY pleasantly surprised. The hotel was very near to the Bayswater underground station and right next to Hide Park. From the outside it is a tall, slim and very sweet looking hotel. Going in, the first thing that meets you is the lobby. I must admit I was breath taken. It is so beautiful. Old wooden furniture with red leather, red carpet, green walls. All very, very atmospheric. The staff was very kind and helpful always ready to answer all your questions with a smile. We were a little early, so our room wasn’t ready, but there was no problem in leaving out luggage in the bar while we went sightseeing. As with the lobby the lounge, bar and main staircase were all breathtakingly beautiful. I've never seen anything like it, not that I've stayed at many hotels, but this for me was perfect. Our room was small, but it was fine for us. I mean we had a small bathroom and a double bed, a closet and a small TV and that was all we needed. There were no signs what so ever of neither rats nor roaches, I don’t know where people get that from. The room was very clean and nice. There was hot and cold water, although the hot water was more like lukewarm in the evening. There are two elevators. One was out of order so the other was in use almost all the time. But this wasn’t really a problem cause we just took the stairs, witch is as I said so beautiful that it was almost a joy using. We only had breakfast, but that was very nice. There was a nice buffet with coffee, the, juice, water, butter, croissants, buns, marmalades. One day we had eggs, sausages and bacon, it was good and when we asked if we could get a tomato with it the waiter was very nice and got it for us even though it wasn’t part of the meal.I don’t understand all the bad reviews and don't let you self get intimidated by it. All I can say is we were VERY pleased with our stay here and I'd recommend to all my friends and I wouldn’t think twice about staying there again.	
Dec 8 2004	Trust me...Do not stay at Inverness!!!	Honestly, if I could give the Inverness Court a lower rating then &quot;terrible&quot; on this review I would! First of all the front desk staff was EXTREMELY rude, arrogant from the minute we walked in. On top of that NO greeting whatsoever. Plus they personally insulted me to my face the first day! The lobby is incredibly tacky and unkept. If they actually restored and took care of those walls, carpets, furniture, that lobby would be a gorgeous Victorian treasure. Instead it looks like a shabby rusty abandoned ghost house. The halls in the hotel are extremely narrow and reeck of manure. Out of 2 lifts (elevators) one was out of order our entire stay and the other one only worked by going all theway &quot;up&quot; first...even if you had to go down. Plus, they took forever to open and close and get to their destination. You can only walk in the bathroom sideways and sit on the toilet with the sink in your lap. NO WAY can you do anything in the bathroom like getting ready unless you dont mind standing in the tub (if you are lucky enough to have one...or else you just get a stand up shower) or sit on the toilet. NO STANDING SPACE in the bathroom!!!!! Every female's nightmare. You can hear everything in any part of the hotel through those walls. We were put in a room(BEWARE: Room 506) that couldn't be any bigger than 7ft x 9ft with 2 smaller-then-twin beds and a bathroom! ABSOLUTELY NO walking space within the entire room, NO space for luggage. One bed had an extremely sharp bed spring sticking out. And NO access to any outlets!!! For someone who has things to charge (i.e. camara, computer, mobile phone, etc.) this can create a huge problem. Went down to ask if any other rooms were available, I was yelled at with they were fully booked, nothing she could do, and what did I want her to do comments. As I waited a few moments for the manager, she uttered in her HORRIBLE English accent ,&quot; ugggh...Americans... I have head-th-ache.&quot; Instead of screaming at her I kept my cool and just complained about everything to the manager in private. He ordered to put us in another room (Room #615) Which was exactly like room 506, except now we had some sort of a desk (which we used to put our luggage). The power outlet hidden in the corner behind the desk didn't work our entire stay!  I don't mind the size of the rooms, hall, in general the place is an extreme dump! The service overall was absolutely horrible considering they don't even speak fluent English! And I wouldn't recommend this place to my worst enemy!!! I've stayed in places where they charge by the hour, which it doesn't get any worse then that (i.e. Motel 8, Thunderbird Motel), but by far...the Inverness made those places look and feel like The Ritz Carlton!!! If you like to be treated like garbage and stay in pig barn then stay here...if you expect at least some standards for your money then I advise you to pay an extra few pounds and stay somewhere else! I swear!!!	
Dec 8 2004	Stay somewhere else!	After deciding to take advantage of a great deal though a travel agent we made our way to London from Nov 27-Dec 2nd. I was expecting the rooms to be let's say 'compact.'When we arrived, they took our luggage and put it in the bar along with other people who had arrived early. After repeatedly asking for our room, they finally had a room available. The staff was very unaware of how this hotel apparently functioned. They were EXTREAMLY RUDE to the guests, including myself, who stayed there. Making our way up to our room, the lifts didn't exactly work, per say. You had to push the down button to get an elevator to go up and when you got in the elevator, it was like picking a number out of a hat to figure out what floor you'd be let off on. When getting in our room, the room, was about the size of a small American bathroom. There were two twin beds in the room, with mattresses that were about 3 inches thin, with SHARP springs sticking into your body as you lay on them. Not to mention the fact that I’m about 5’10 and my half of my legs and feet were hanging off of the little beds. The middle of the mattresses was FLAT as were the down pillows in the room that had about 7 feathers in them. There is no room to put your suitcases; we had to pile them on top of the desk.Our first room had no outlets, so I had no way to charge my video camera among other things that needed to be charged. We had to change rooms, because we needed an outlet. When they moved us, they moved us to another room in which the one outlet did not work. They would do nothing to accommodate the lack of power. We would take the stairs another floor, because all of the outlets on our floor didn't work, and sit in the hallway charging our things that needed to be charged. Employees of the hotel saw is in the hallway and offered to 'look into’ the lack of power in our rooms, yet they actually did nothing.The bathrooms are horrible! The sink blocks the door, so you have to turn sideways and exhale to get in(and I’m not a fat person). There is nowhere to put anything in the bathroom. If you sit on the toilet, you have the sink in your lap(LIERALLY). After taking a shower, you have to leave the bathroom and try to find some space in your room to dry off. We had a closet, but nothing fit in there! The door was probably about 8 inches wide. There was no way to put two suitcases in there. The walls were about a half of an inch thick and you could hear EVERYTHING, from conversations in every language to people using the bathroom through out the WHOLE FLOOR! They must have been made out of cardboard. The hotel itself was nice, yet very old. I it needs a desperate restoration. It's very worn out. The 'main staircase' is adorned with wonderful woodwork and frescos, yet that doesn't say much about the rooms. The breakfast was good. They had croissants and juices. Not bad.All in all, if you're looking for a hotel that has 'decent' accommodations this place, unfortunately isn't it. I only didn't review this hotel as horrible because of the nice staircase. It almost gave the hotel character.	
Dec 2 2004	Miserable Accomodations	Having just returned from a seven-night stay (November 2004) at the Inverness Court, I must give warning to travelers who are considering staying here. I have stayed in many comfortable London budget hotels, but this budget hotel was horrific. The tiny rooms, partitioned with paper-thin walls, were so noisy that I had to change rooms twice, once to get away from the loud elevator and again to get away from the street noise. When I turned on the bathroom light, roaches scurried across the floor. Consequently, when I returned from my trip, I left my luggage outside in the yard and open to allow any roaches that may have crawled in to escape.The lobby was shabby and tacky beyond belief. Underneath the lobby's brutally bright chandeliers were the cheapest, tackiest plastic plants that I have ever seen. Dust covered the &quot;plants.&quot; The fabric chairs were worn and dirty, and the &quot;theatre&quot; bar next door was drab and sterile-no atmosphere whatsoever. The miserable management has no imagination. They will take your money; that's all.	
Dec 2 2004	A Scam - do not go to Inverness Court!	Inverness Court is a beautiful old building with a gracious lobby and ornate bar, but that is all is has going for it. The staff is unbelieveably rude. They did not have hair dryers available, even though the website claimed they did, and would not reimburse me when I had to go buy one. The staff did not know how much the bus cost, how to get to or from the airport, or other basic information. They were incredibly rude - they sat smoking at the front desk while people carried their own bags. The elevator was broken. The window in our room would not open. The water in the shower was boiling hot and the cold water would not come on. But, by far, the worst part was the beds. They are like cots from WWI. They did not have bed pads and you could feel sharp coils coming through as you slept. And, they beds and pillows reeked of urine. I can' t understand why both of the twin beds in our room smelled like urine, but the stentch was strong and unbearable. The hotel is well located - but that's about it. We got the feeling that there was no manager in charge - just a bunch of 18 year old Eastern Europeans running a scam. Be careful.	
Nov 29 2004	Don't be scared off...	Okay, the good points:The hotel and ESPECIALLY the room was CLEAN; Room was on the small side, but manageable . No idea about some of these past horrible reports on this site. Location is EXCELLENT, just off Hyde Park and very close to 2 different metro stations. Charming hotel lobby and lounge, though it's getting tired and smells smokey (tho everyone over there seems to smoke). Hotel staff cordial and polite, tho this is not a full service hotel with any overly useful consierge service.The bad points:Since it's so old, certain expectations of the building should be noted: one elevator worked but you never knew what floor you'd go to, floors creak loudly (so you had better not be a light sleeper or at least hope your upstairs neighbor is on your schedule), the bar and restaurant are almost always deserted by both staff and guests; The most activity is during the free breakfast (juice, tea, coffee, rolls, croissants - or purchase other dishes). Our worst meal in London was dinner at the hotel: the Chef had to be called down to the restaurant, tho we had seen a menu with many items he tried to give us the spaghetti, then we insisted on the menu items we had seen posted. My friend's Welsh Rarebit &amp; medalions of pork with wine reduction sauce was actually toast with melted cheese slices and over cooked - probably leftover - chops. My pate &amp; roast lamb in mint sauce was actually toast with liverwurst spread and thin slices of lamb. We both had the same brown gravy on our meat and boiled potatoes and carrots. NOT worth the $20 US dollars we spent in addition to having to ask for beverages.All in all, well worth the $80 - $90 US dollars per night we paid. Just don't eat or drink there and expect not to get a lot of sleep if you get the creaky neighbor.	
Nov 29 2004	Beautiful Victorian gone wrong...	Upon arrival, the old victorian looked interesting, almost comparable to the Shining. What looked to be original artwork in the lounge and the bar, big wooden staircase and big marble fireplace in the lobby. The location of the hotel was very convenient to the tube, restarants and shopping and in walking distance to kensington gardens. In hopes of being greeted by a nice british accent that I traveled all that way to hear, I was immediately disappointed to hear an accent of eastern european descent  After checking in we took the one working elevator, the other one was probably still out from the october visit from another review, and found our very small room. The size of the room did not concern me but the condition of the bathroom did. Mold was in the shower and all over the ceiling, the shower curtain rod was rusted and no ventilation caused moisture tinted with rust to form on the ceiling and then drip down onto whatever you had sitting out, ie. your toothbrush... On the second day of our trip we were informed in a very nasty way by Audrey (the front desk attendant) that we needed to check our key at the front desk every time we left the hotel. This strikes me as odd to HAVE to leave the key so the staff knows when you are there and not. I am a traveler who chooses not to have my room serviced during my stay. In total disregard to the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign hung on our door at all times the staff entered our room every day (they knew we werent there because our key was at the front) and made the bed. Going back to the broken elevator, in the mornings, on the way to the continental breakfast that wasnt too bad, just plain, the single elevator that stopped at the 6th floor every time you rode it for no reason at all, was tied up by the staff and their mounds of sheets or cleaning supplies. After waiting 10 minutes you resorted to the climb down 8 flights to the dining room. And yes, the elevator only goes as high as the 9th floor and if you are that unfortunate person with big luggage going to the 10th floor the staff will not help you up the stairs, as I witnessed by another guest. My last disappointment, which is not critical, just odd, is that the hotel bar was opened very irregular hours. Some days opened all day, sometimes it was closed for a few hours and one day it was closed all day, yet the bartender was there. The reason we were given was &quot;Just because.&quot;I have made it home from my trip in one piece and I was greatful for a clean shower. If I hadnt paid in full before the trip began I think I would have followed the other reviewers to a different hotel.	
Nov 29 2004	What a nightmare ! Horrible	Do not stay here. Staff is unfriendly,unhelpful and dont know the definition of customer service nor hospitality. Rooms were beyond small (2 people cant move about at the same time). A 12 inch tv that had almost no reception other than 2 channels. Bathroom was filty (mold growing in shower) as was the rest of the room. If you sit on the toilet your knees almost hit the sink. I cant even explain how small the bathroom was ! The bar hours in the hotel are inconsistent. They open and close whenever they please. Sometimes they dont open up at all. Breakfast consists of stale croissants,rolls, juice and coffee. I reccomend that you sleep on the street. Youre better off.	
Nov 23 2004	Very nice hotel perfect location great value for the money!	I stayed at the Inverness Court Hotel in November of 2004 and I was very nervous about staying there, due to the horrifiying reviews other travelers had given the hotel, but I decided to give it a try, and I am glad I did! It is a lovely hotel the lobby is georgeous and the location is key! It's right across the street from beautiful Hyde Park and a tube and bus station is 2 seconds away! I stayed in a single room, which was nice and clean! The bathroom is small, but at least you get your own and again it is clean! The elevator is a little slow, but the days your not lugging your luggage just use the steps, because the views on the ceilings are to die for! The free breakfast is a wonderful array of croissants! Overall it's a nice hotel, and you can't beat the price!	
Nov 17 2004	Can't be beat for atmosphere and location	I feel like a fool for having been misled by negative TripAdvisor reviews of this place I read before my trip, so am now compelled to write of my own experience. I'd booked into the Inverness Court as part of a package deal, then read some really hair-raising reviews here. I was getting ready to travel with my 15-year-old daughter, and wanted to make certain we would be in an okay place; the reviews made it sound like some awful cross between a sour-smelling bordello and a mecca for junkies. So I gave up my deposit, and we booked somewhere else -- that cost twice as much, and was perfectly okay, but dull. I wanted to see what I'd turned down, though, and we looked it up on our last day in London. It was the coolest place we'd seen during our entire week -- and located exactly one block from Hyde Park, the Queensway tube stop, every Bayswater bus, the tour buses as well. The best and easiest location imaginable. And with the handsomest, most in-period, high-Victorian facade in the neighborhood. Yes, a little threadbare in spots -- but the real deal, with cascades of leaded and decorated windows, a white and gold jewel-box of a theater-bar, perfectly nice rooms and baths, and what I found to be an extremely amenable staff, who welcomed us to look around and linger.  Why do most people seem to be looking for a Motel 6? My daughter was ecstatic over the Hogwartsian qualities of the place, and didn't want to ever leave the Wm Morris-patterned armchairs in the paneled lobby. It was the closest we came to &quot;membership&quot; in a Victorian club, and just visiting became a highpoint of our trip. Wish to heck we'd stayed there the whole week, per first plan!!!!	
Nov 3 2004	yuk	We stayed in that place for 3 nights last October. we checked in shortly before midnight and were given the wrong bedroom : double bed instead of twin beds. The staff was not cooperative, spoke poor English and never offered any help. But the tablecloth was very dirty and the same large stains remained for the whole stay. The bedroom was small and very dirty. The bedspread was filthy. We covered the bed with our coats in order not to sit on the bedspread. The pillows and the carpeting were very dirty too. We covered the pillowcases with clothes in order not to feel them. We never walked with bare feet, not even on the bathroom floor.We were very disappointed. If we had not paid for the whole stay in advance, we would have left immediately but we could not afford looking for another place as we had already paid approximately £200.Breakfast was good, we had plenty to eat : croissants, rolls, etc and the food was fresh. The hotel is very well-situated and close to shops, restaurants and two tube stations. But it is not a place to be recommended. Should be inspected thoroughly by officials.	
Oct 27 2004	Do not stay here!	After reading the reviews prior to going on this trip, they surpassed my fears. The place was terrible!Our room was on the 10th floor--the elevator only went to the 9th. The room was filthy. Window was rotten and hard to open--some rooms didn't have a window that would have provided an escape had there been a fire. Some fire doors on some of the floors were padlocked closed. That was scary! The bedspread was so dirty I didn't even want to put my suitcase on it. Slept on my travel pillow since all kinds of stuff came out of the pillow when I tried to fluff it. TV was either porn or soccer, no remote; no working telephone. Had to pay 5 pounds to borrow a hair dryer (they did return it when I returned the hair dryer). The breakfast was disgusting. Once we realized we could order just scrambled eggs and bacon, not too bad. Continually ran out of coffee and tea. Elevator stopped working the second day there so we had to walk up 10 flights. The best part was getting moved to another hotel that was clean and had a nice bathroom. Someone needs to condemn the place or do a major renovation. Should not be open to the public. Worse than terrible. DO NOT STAY HERE. SCARY PLACE.	
Oct 14 2004	Don't Stay There	Staff was very friendly, couteous and helpful, but that was where hospitality stopped. Room was extremely small, mold on ceiling above the shower, extremely noisy at night, with an actual gunfight on our third night outside. Intoxicated groups kicking and banging on doors at 3:00 AM. Only one elevator worked-never saw anyone working on the other one. Continental breakfast was NOT a continental breakfast-consisted of breads, juice, coffee, and tea-no meats, cheeses, or fruits-was told I could get that if I paid $15 more. About equivalent to a family shelter room in the U.S., definitely not worth the $130 per night.	
Sep 27 2004	Had a wonderful stay	Had a wonderful stay in an old castle. That's what it felt like. The lounge area had big old lead windows and large paintings with carved mahogany ceilings and woodwork. The fireplaces were of marble and it felt like we were in an old castle. The staff was mainly young adults that were shy but were very helpful and friendly when you put forth an effort. The rooms were clean and smelled just fine. The rooms are very small. The beds were comfortable and we slept great. We had 2 duffle bags for our luggage and had a small nook in the room we could put them in. People were coming in with giant suitcases and were very angry at the room space. There were three drawers for our clothes. The bathroom was very clean and a suitable size. The continental bkf in the am consisted of chocolate and almond croissants, and rolls with butter and jams, orange juice with tea and coffee. They were fresh and soft, the coffee was strong and good. The location was absolutely great, we were in the neighborhood of Kensington Palace. The tube was right around the corner with lots of places to eat and shop, with pubs to go to. This was a fun, old place to stay at that was a good price in a good location but if you want a larger room with a safe and tv channels(there was a tv that was a 13 inch that received 4 channels) and modern luxury then go to the holiday inn. The inn is unique and is old and worn at the edges but I'd stay here again, we enjoyed it.	
Sep 26 2004	Don't choose this hotel!!	I was just there last week with a group traveling from the Washington DC area (approx. 40 of us in total).Had a bad feeling about the place before arriving, because I had read bad reviews and they were all true!Although the location is good it is not worth staying there, the hotel is in bad need of a total renovation!!Staff at the reception desk was rude and argued with several people in the group. The Hotel does not have a computer system for reservations - Reservations consisted of a clipboard with names on it &amp; in order to get a key you must fill out a card and turn in your key every time you leave the hotel!Rooms were very small (every for European standards) &amp; the bathrooms you could barely get into, the water in the shower runs from warm to hot. Also, careful going into the rooms some may have steps going into the room and forget the idea of being able to get into your suitcase.The exterior of the hotel had letter missing from the sign, paint peeling and broken windows. The rooms had crocked windows, wallpaper peeling and dirty bedspreads, sheets and towels.The pillows and sheets were very dirty feeling and I wouldn't even sleep under the covers and had to put a t-shirt over the pillow. The television is the room is very small and no remote for the few channels that it offered. The elevators were not working in the hotel and many of the people had to walk up 10 flights of stairs to get to their rooms. They supposedly fixed the elevators, but they stopped working immediately and one person in our group got stuck and had to push the door open because the alarm did not work on the elevator. One of the floors had bees and a couple of people got stung. The hotel did provide breakfast, but it was basic and poor.This hotel was the pits and it should be condemned - Don't go there unless it is a last and final resort. Someone needs to check place out and re-assess the rating of the hotel. The information provided in the brochure must be from when the hotel FIRST opened, because we saw nothing that even resembled the information in the brochure. The highlight of the stay was when our group checked out early and moved to a different hotel - YEAH!!!	
Sep 2 2004	Don't go there unless you must	I was there last week with my family (wife and two kids).We arrived early in the morning (07:00 am) and the reception girl made us wait for two hours (while our children loose patience and drive us mad) just to tell us that no room will be available till noon.The staff was very cold (even frigid) and unwelcoming during the whole stay.As for the room- the first shock is the strong B.O smell in the rooms.The cleaning ladies are usining a lagre number of air sprays (probably contributing a great deal to hole in the Ozon layer) but the smell still remains.The rooms are very small- in order to move in the room, one must sit on the bed in order the other person can move around.Evrything is very simple and falling apart from extended use.We had two rooms (luckly close to each other)- in one there was a shower of 60cmX60cm (I measured) and the shower curtain is sticking to your back (or belly) while you shower (and I'm not a large guy). The water in the shower go from very hot to boiling water- it was a nightmare to shower there.In the other room we had a bath- the taps were okay but while using the shower head we could get only cold water.In the room with the bath you can you use sink only while standing in the bath and one needs to be an acrobat to sit on the toiles there.The T.V is a joke- a 10' screen with 4 channels and no remote.The phone had a souspicious malfuction and we couldn't dial outside the hotel (even 0800 calls).The breakfast is very basic and poor.The price they are charging is way to high for what you get.If I could rate them less than terrible I would have said that the stay there was horrible.Just don't go there. It doesn't worth the good location nor the price.	
Aug 4 2004	unwelcoming!	Staff were very rude and unfriendly, particularly at reception. No fruit is served at breakfast and we were advised to bring our own. Room window needed to be wedged open. Very sad indeed.	
Jul 19 2004	The stuff at reception are very helpfull otherwise...!	Small rooms, You do not need to enter the bath room in order to wash your hands, the sink is just near the door step. as a matter of fact it is so small there you can wash your hands while sitting on the toilet. No problem with the hot water. At first they have put us on the 8 floor where the water did not realy run well in the shower and the cieling above the toilet was licking. They moved usto the 4 floor wher we had a bunch of Russian youngsters (26) arround and above us. They were spitting and shouting all day and night. The receptionist agreed to move us to the 9 floor just for the night. Yes, we had much traveling in the hotel itself!! The Elivators are slow (the elivator will stop on floor 6 on your way down at all times!!)On the otherhand the hotel location is just perfect, it is located near a nice park and near a subway station (queensway). You can buy chees at a near by supermarket and bring it to breakfast. Perhaps you SHOULD do that!!! otherwise you stuck with oil &amp; butter with your bread.	
Jul 18 2004	great location but..	The staff of the hotel is very nice and its location is fabulous. However, the hotel is in need of a major make-over to survive into the next decade.. the rooms are very small, old and uncomfortable beds, closets too small for unpacking your suitcase and no tea/coffee makers. On the second night of my stay, I spotted a mouse buzzing about in my room..the staff kindly offered me another room, which was - alas - even smaller than the 'mouse room'. The breakfast is hardly a breakfast - just some dry rolls and the coffee is bad. Again, the staff is incredibly nice and do what they can for the guests to have a comfortable stay. Hope they will renovate the place very, very soon!	
Jul 12 2004	Good first impression but....	This hotel is located in the Bayswater area and is very close to London's West End. The hotel is nice from the outside although is very rough on the edges-definitely in need of some refurb- The lobby, entrance and bar are very cosy and nicely decorated, Victorian Style, BUT the rooms are tiny.As other readers have pointed out, the private facilities are terrible, as there is hardly any space. Larger customers, will not be able to fit in the toilet comfortably, or not at all. Our loo was 1.5mx50cm!!! The rooms are also tiny and TV, phone facilities are primitive. Breakfast, is definitely the worst. There is no cooked food and no milk, cereals. Coffee is also disgusting,Overall, this is a two star hotel, but they've managed to pull the 3-star status through their nice lobby/bar area.	
Jun 23 2004	Cute hotel though you get what you pay for.		
May 8 2004	this hotel was just great for us		
Feb 26 2004	what do you expect  for what you pay ?		
Jan 4 2004	Shame I remember it when...		
Dec 7 2003	Avoid this hotel		
Dec 2 2003	never again!		
Nov 12 2003	Beware		
Jul 2 2003	Shocked!!!		
Jun 23 2003	Cheap place means cheap price		
Jun 22 2003	Filthy!		
Nov 25 2007 	Para olvidar		
May 1 2007	Hotel con fregatura!		
Mar 24 2007 	tutto sommato una buona esperienza		
Jan 30 2007	Excellent Hotel		
Sep 24 2006 	sauberes Hotel mit freundlichem Service		
Aug 28 2006	das hotel shaftesbury hyde park ist SUPER		
