Nov 25 2009 	Absolute Rubbish!	Room was horrible, breakfast was a joke and the overall service of the hotel could definitely be improved on. My suggestion would be to seek other accommodation, even if it means paying a little more.	
Nov 17 2009 	Not worth your money	This hotel stunts with prices as for 19 pounds per night. Extra'10 pounds for early check in (12.00!) and late checkout (12.00 again). Breakfast is below standard, no toast because of fire regulations!!!!!No shampoo in the room only 1 tiny soapbar. We payed 90 pounds per night and had to buy ouw own shampoo. Staff very unhelpful and unfriendly.The Travelodge chain in the US is simple but you have a good deal with them.Travelodge England will never have the joy of seeing us again	
Nov 17 2009 	shocking room poor service not worth the money dont stay there	had to stay overnight and this seemed reasonable, I'd stayed there a very long time ago and it was ok then, completely different now, I arrived quite late to be greeted by a non talkative staff member who didnt smile and just recited the rules to me next I went up to the room and it was awful, the surfaces hadnt been wiped the sink and loo looked horrible but I just needed somewhere to sleep as had to be up early anyway so went straight to bed. will not stay there again very disappointing, it needs refreshing with better staff and better cleaners.	
Oct 23 2009 	Absolutely appalling avoid at all costs	Located about 10 minutes walk from Euston station to the West in an unpleasant location where you would not want to walk along the street on your own at night.The rooms were booked by a course provider for our party so we had no choice in the matter. When we checked in there was only one quiet room left so the rest of the party were told 'Its says on the web site, you accept this at the time you book' Reception was not clean and was shabby with roller shutters to protect the staff. You are issued a key card upon check in that you need to pass through all the doors and to use the lift to protect residents from the undesirable element in the locale. Reception is closed at night.My room had a window that opened inwards as it opened over the Kings Cross tube/Thameslink lines. Mugs were dirty, no complimentary shampoo, no air con and heaters took a long time to get warm. No hair dryer or iron/ironing board.I went back to reception to 'borrow' a hairdryer to be told both (2 hairdryers for rooms) had been loaned out. Waited 20 minutes for a hairdryer to be found from lost property for me.Railway was noisy until 1am with trains, then maintenance until 5am at which point the trains started again. Due to the budget nature there were lots of guests who were not in the hotel for the same purpose as we were (sleep!) and running in the corridors until 2am, then what sounded like jumping on and off beds until 3:20am. No reception to complain to during these hours.If this had been a cheap deal it wouldnt have been so bad but at over £90 per person it was only a few pounds off the price of far superior hotels in nicer locations.	
Oct 5 2009 	Better than expected	This hotel is very convenient for Eurostar but is best for overnight stays.Our rooms were clean and quiet - we asked for quiet ones when we arrived and reception were happy to oblige as far as they could. We did not find them difficult.I could well imagine the problems with noise for family rooms at the back.Breakfast is a cold buffet and there was no toaster for the bread: we were told this was because it was a listed building.	
Sep 22 2009 	Not as bad as expected given some of the reviews!	I was unable to find a hotel in our price bracket in the Kings Cross area that had consistently good reviews on Trip Advisor and so was apprehensive about our stay at Travelodge. However, other than not having our room ready for early check-in (which we had previously arranged and paid for), I have no complaints. The staff were somewhat unwelcoming, although not actually impolite. They rectified the problem with early check-in fairly quickly and efficiently. The room was fine and the location pretty good.	
Sep 18 2009 	Excellent helpful staff and clean	A cut above the usual Travelodge mainly due to it's very pleasant, professional staff and location. The building itself is impressive, the staff more than helpful, the rooms clean and the area is really vibrant. The hotel itself is just a stones throw away from the stations. All-in-all, great value for money.	
Sep 9 2009 	DIRTY AND FLEA INFESTED	My wife and I stayed at the Travelodge because we thought there would be set standards as advertised on TV, how wrong we were. The room was appalling; dirty bedding, furniture and tea making facilities. Staff were rude, unpleasent and not willing to help at all. During our stay we were horrified to discover flea bites! we would not recommend any of our relatives or friends to stay at travelodge accomadation.AS FOR THE ABOVE RATING IF I HAD A CHOICE I WOULD GIVE IT ZERO!!!!!!!	
Sep 4 2009 	doesn't deserve bad reviews	Just wanted to redress the balance of reviews about this travelodge! Some are so bad that I was seriously considering cancelling our booking but am very glad i did not!My husband, 18yr old son and I stayed here this week and found it very good value for money, clean, the reception staff were polite and friendly, our missing bath plug was replaced within 10 minutes!, and although we were at the front of the hotel (admittedly in the basement, room 2) we did not hear all the train noise that people have referred to in past reviews nor were we disturbed by undue traffic noise! The room was very large compared to other travelodges we have stayed in and the facilities just as you would expect. There was a musty smell in the hallway which was initially worrying but this did not continue into the room itself. All in all a very convenient and satisfactory base for our trip.	
Aug 30 2009 	noisiest hotel ever stayed in	paid £180 for 2 nights in a family room, bed only no breakfast, in this travelodge - hardly cheap, and the facilities were rubbish , very basic reception with unhelpful foreign staff. The room was very very noisy with trains passing every minute at least. The room shook and it was hard to get to sleep even after a tiring day. the room was basic with only one plug socket. No late check out room to put luggage on day of departure which was very inconvenient, this is the worst hotel for the price we have ever stayed in. Most definately will not be returning. As this was our first stay in a travelodge, we wont be using any others across the country - very disappointing	
Aug 12 2009 	never again	dirty room strange marks on carpet!!!very noisy, very small, locked windows no ventilation.	
Aug 3 2009 	is the train in my room!	I booked this hotel because my friend was staying here. Oh my God! never never never again. The room vibrated with the train going past. During the day we counted trains every 15 seconds! This hotel do not do twin rooms which I only discovered when I checked in. I traveled with my 15 year old son. They offered to put a matress on the floor for him , not a full tempory bed but a matress!. I never checked tripadvisor before I left but I feel I have to let people know no matter if its value or not this is a dreadful place. When I complained the staff member did say if I asked for a quieter room they would have given it to me but they were fully booked. I booked the room 2 months b4 i left so this just left me thinking the fool didnt ask 2 months b4 so let her stay in the room that shakes every time a train goes by....its kings cross !!! busy busy station	
Jul 31 2009 	Great Location but noisy with Trains	There are 2 Travelodges at Kings Cross. This one is literally across the road from the station. The Royal Scot is a 10 minute walk away. The hotel is fine and the only problem or concern is the railway line. I had read the comments on Trip Advisor before going so asked for a quiet room at check in. This had not been possible as they were all out. The hotel has an extension at the back which is almost on top of the Thamselink Line AND the Circle/District Line of the London Underground. Trains quieten down after 1.00am and start up again around 5.00am. Otherwise this is a basic hotel in the centre of London within walking distance of Kings Cross. We took the advice of the previous people who recommended Da Vinci's Italian Cafe at 323 Gray's Inn Road (across the road from the Travelodge towards the station). This offers a wide choice of breakfast at a reasonable price with a comfortable surroundings and would definitely pass on this option to anyone else.	
Jul 27 2009 	You pays cheap - you gets cheap!!	Excellent location. I could slag this tired and somewhat subpar hotel all day long, but the fact is I paid £29 for a family room next to Kings Cross and for this reason I would recommend it if you can get a really cheap deal.An example of why Travelodge are generally a hotel chain to be avoided - for breakfast no toaster available, and no microwave to heat up milk. They told me this was because of grade 2 building planing restrictions!!. No fresh fruit, stale croissants etc etc. But only £9.95 breakfast cost for 5 of us! - you see the pattern here. Not good, but cheap enough to make you want it.Overall, fairly clean, cheap and great great location for a hotel that wouldn't get any business otherwise.	
Jul 26 2009 	Great spot close to St Pancras.	We stayed here the night before catching the Eurostar to Paris. It was only a short walk in the morning to the station which meant we could sleep in that little longer. We had a basement room facing the street but didn't notice any problems with noise. We found the room clean and comfortable and have no complaints about our stay there.	
Jul 1 2009	Dirty dirty dirty hotel	The worse hotel I ever stayed. Stay away from it. The management forgot the meaning of the word &quot;clean&quot;. Because every inch of this hotel is dirty.	
Jun 26 2009 	Clean good location secure 	Clean as expected from Travelodge. Although swipe card keys annoy some people it does mean the hotel is secure.The location is great for sightseeing London as as from Kings Cross you can get tube to a lot of places without changing lines. This coupled with the Oyster card makes travel from Kings Cross around London easy.Other chain hotels do not offer costs anywhere near this cheap. For individual hotels you are not assured of the cleanliness, security or room size for the cost of travelodge.Staff were friendly but as with all Travelodges you do not have much contact with them.Would definitly use again and recommend.Do ask for a quite room when booking.	
Jun 24 2009 	No Frills is the Order of the day	Had to go for a medical procedure at a nearby hospital, so the wife and I stayed here for two nights. Seemed to be the cheapest hotel in the area - We would have preferred to have stayed at the Premier Travel Inn but it was at least £70 dearer so we opted for the Travelodge instead. No Frills was definitely the order of the day for this hotel. &quot;The Hotel Revolution starts here&quot; it says on the website! Perhaps they are referring to an austere soviet style Russian revolution?The staff were efficient enough if a little bit sullen. As we all know good manners costs nothing (unless you happen to work for the Travelodge!) or maybe it's more on the cold war theme..... Much like the New Labour vision for Britain you seem to need your key-card for everything: Getting into the building, using the lift, getting through adjoining doors.We asked for a quiet room and were given one facing into the inner quadrant. We weren't disturbed by rail or traffic noise. The room was clean and functional but there is no phone. So expect to use your mobile if you have to ring reception.This is probably the cheapest hotel in the immediate area and fine if you want somewhere to crash for a night or two and the monastic frugality of the place doesn't bother you.Eating out - We ate at the &quot;chop-chop noodle bar&quot; opposite the station. Cheap and very tasty and also at “Kitchen” in Neals Yard. Kitchen is an all you can eat buffet themed around Thai, Indian, Chinese and er....Italian cuisine. Not sure that it really works as a concept but you can stuff your face till you burst!	
Jun 23 2009 	Excellent value and location	Very clean room with effecient secondary glazing keeping out the traffic noise and only a short walk to St Pancras to catch an early Eurostar. The reception staff were polite and business like. This is by far the best Travelodge I have stayed in, although they are all generally good value for money. However, the only thing that lets these places down is the other guests! Why do people think it is funny and clever to come back to the hotel in the early hours after a night out shouting, screaming and banging doors etc etc?	
May 20 2009 	2 Day trip to London	Comfortable and clean rooms and windows that open for fresh air.Quiet rooms well tucked back from the hustle and bustle of London, considering so close to a main road and main railway stations.500 Yds walk from St Pancras International and Underground Stations.Easier to get the underground than a local bus-much quicker and more direct for Central London,theatre land etc.Davinci Italian Cafe just over the road from hotel ,just right for continental or English cooked breakfast at a reasonable price-popular with local builders and business people, food and service quick and very good .	
May 4 2009 	Okay for business stays - quiet if in right rooms	I stayed here for one night. arriving late. Pleasant check-in staff. Room in basement and pretty small and dull. But faced backwards and quiet. Have been in better room on a previous short visit. No breakfast in the morning. Surrounding area not inviting, although okay if you know it.	
Apr 12 2009 	Does what it says on the tin!	Travelodges are basic so don't expect frills and take your own toiletires (they have to keep costs down somehow). Having read the helpful reviews here, I rang and asked for a quiet room and that was exactly what we got so we had no train/tannoy noise. Ours was a refurbished room so it was also well-decorated and clean. Breakfast basic but fine and good value.	
Apr 4 2009 	Good value	Stayey here for 2 nights as it is very close to St Pancras International. Good location, lots of bars and restaurants near by.Reception was small, but friendly staff. Rooms were small but clean. Not very modern, but beds were comfortable. Can get noise from the Underground if you on that side, but did not wake us up. Braekfast room was the bar (that closes without telling anybody, and chucks you out when they want to go home) on the 1st floor. Breafast was good, a good supply of everything apart from a full engligh breakfast (no hot breakfast's - work that one out?) None of the staff are English though.Would recommend if staying overnight, but not as a base.	
Mar 18 2009 	For a budget choice it did exactly what it promised	I stayed here for one night having found a bargain rate and I have to say I was impressed.It's not a luxury hotel, by any means, but if one knows what to expect from a Travelodge, then it seemed to meet those standards. The check-in was painless, if not over-friendly, the room was large, clean and had the basic facilities I expected. The bed was comfortable, and the shower excellent. In fact, I slept better at the Travelodge than I have in more expensive chains.Location wise, it's hard to beat if you need to be in that part of town. I'd definitely consider staying there again if the price was right.I'm sure the property has it's faults - but if you're willing to accept a no-frills experience, and the price is right, then this Travelodge should provide a good place to stay a night.	
Mar 12 2009 	Well.....it depends. But I wouldn't ever go back.	Our family of 4 checked in here on one of their special rates. It was a several minute walk from the Eurostar so we tried it. We were put in the nastiest room I've ever seen. Mold all over the walls, threadbare carpet, saggy beds, broken fixtures. We walked down to reception and complained. They took us to another room, and it was the next nastiest room we'd ever seen. Even more mold on the walls, filthy bathroom. That was it. We walked back down to reception and asked for our money back , even though it was early evening. We'd have spent the night on a park bench or in the train station before staying there. But, the kind young lady suddenly remembered they had newly refurbished rooms on the first floor, and put us in one of those. it was very nice. But, never again would we stay there. The area has run down, most shops closed up. We've had enough of that area and that hotel.	
Mar 10 2009 	Layed out like a maze	Stayed here for 3 nights last November. The rooms are alright, clean, rather spacious even - but nothing special. It's the lay out and and the service that really annoyed me. Our room was hidden so well, that I got lost every single time. We had to go one floor up before we could get to out our room which situated one floor down -by stairs. The staff was rather unfriendly and very unhelpful. Next time I'll ask my boss to book me to a room in the Hyatt.	
Feb 25 2009 	Reasonable Travelodge Experience	Managed to get this on one of the £9.00 promo rate, as had to get a flight from Luton Airport the next morning and from St Pancras the airport is only a 20 minute ride away by train. Hotel is a 2-3 min walk from both Kings Cross and St Pancras stations so handy for train connections and the Eurostar.Having read the previous reviews about the noisy rooms overlooking the old Thameslink station at Kings Cross, i asked the check in desk for a quieter room and was allocated one, although, they did advise as I had booked a family room, that they are the ones which overlook the noisy train tracks, so if you do not have any kids, and want peace and quiet, book a standard double and you get a quiet room!Standard Travelodge fare here, abeit with the new white duvets, which were a little musty, really stingy with the towels, as other provide a hand towel as well as a bath towel, but only one towel each was given here.Bed was reasonably comfortable and ensured an okay nights sleep. Doors did not slam too hard either which is a bonus compared to other Travelodges. No sign of hen/stag/groups on the floor I was on, so this ensured some relative peace and quietBe warned that there is no cafe/restaurant at this Travelodge, so they only do continental breakfast which is a bit expensive at £5.25 per person. Skip this and head to Mcdonalds or subway across the road.Shower and bathroom were clean, and in all an above average Travelodge experience and worth the £9.00 paid!	
Jan 29 2009 	Excellent Location	I stayed at this hotel for one night as I had a course to attend. The hotel was excellent value for money. When you come out of Kings Cross Station turn Left and cross over at the lights. The hotel is 2 minutes walk.I read some of the other reviews and requested a quite room, which I got. The breakfast which I paid for in advance was reasonable. You are given a voucher which you hand over. Someone tried to say that he had asked for a breakfast the night before but was quickly told he wouldn't be allowed one without a voucher, he didn;t come back. There was no hairdryer in the room, however I asked at reception and was given one. There was one small bar of soap, No shampoo or conditioner. I was going to the London palladium to see the Sound of Music and asked the staff if they new the best way to get there . There English wasn;t to good and no one was able to help.I went to St Pancreas , the underground which is next door to Kings Cross and enqiured there. I bought an off peak day ticket at the machine for £5.70 and got the underground to Oxford circus which is only 3-4 stops away. I was at the palladium within 2 minutes of arriving at oxford circus.The palladium Is 2-3 miles from the hotel I did think about taking a cab but it was so convenient and quick by underground. There are numerous restuarants, cafes, and Mcdonalds x 2 in the vicinity of the hotel. I would certainly return as the location and value for money was excellent. I paid £35 for the room. Keep checking on their website for deals.I will be returning in April and will either stay at this hotel again or the Royal scot travelodge which is close by	
Jan 9 2009 	Not a "Good Night's Sleep" here I'm afraid	I paid only £19 to stay here for 1 night, the room was clean and spacious however I was in room 127 and felt cold as soon as I walked in. Luckily the window was open (despite -2C outside) so quickly closed this and jumped in the hot shower (nice).Happy with my room, I went out for the evening and returned at about midnight. The window in the room mustn't have been airtight (and there was also an open vent/grille which isn't the brightest of ideas for a room overlooking a train line). Trains were passing at least every 5 minutes even at this early hour and must have taken me a good hour to get to sleep, it was so loud! A fairly quiet 3 hours passed when at about 4.45am the trains started again. I honestly woke up feeling more tired than before I slept! A strong black coffee (made with mineral water from one the many local shops) helped relieve this somewhat, but at the end of the day I only paid £19 so didn't expect to be given the best room (even though price shouldn't really determine what room you get .. (or it shouldn't be called a sale). Luckily I was only travelling for leisure, but if I'd have had an interview or important business meeting then this could have resulted in some very dire consequencesI dind't eat here so couldn't comment about food.Good Points:* Easy to find (&lt;5 min walk from Kings Cross and also walkble from Euston (10-15 mins)* Abundance of local amenities - cafes, bars open late etc..* Generally well kept room/building*Spacious roomBad Points:* Noise from train line* Cleaners knocking on door before 9.30am (no door signs to display) * Charge for early check in / late check out* No luggage storage (they advise you to use Kings Cross)	
Dec 16 2008 	good day badnight	Very good hotel for location and transport links. easy to find but crossing the road to get to the hotel is pretty dreadful esp with a lot of luggage. it is also possible to walk to the hotel from all stations so a taxi may not be needed if with light luggage. The shops are great with a post office/cafe/subway/kfc and many more near by.the only problem that i had was sleeping at night time as my room was on the 2nd floor above the main tube tracks the nosie was so bad that i only had 3hrs sleep:-(. but this is mentioned on the website and when mentioned to the receptionist she was happy to move me to a quiet room. overall the hotel is well located and the security is ace( i had to use my swipe card 5 times to get to my room).	
Nov 30 2008 	Too noisy by far!	Whilst the Travelodge website does warn you there may be &quot;some&quot; external noise, it doesn't even begin to prepare you for the reality.The room I was in, on the First Floor, had a delightful view overlooking the former Kings Cross Thameslink station (which still have Thameslink route trains and Circle, Hammersmith &amp; City and Metropolitan Line trains running past it) and the back entrance to various nightclubs.The double/secondary glazing is completely ineffective at keeping out the noise, thanks to a large ventilation grille across the top of the window.I managed to get about two hours sleep in total, in stints of 30 minutes asleep, followed by 30 minutes awake. Needless to say, I will not be returning.	
Oct 15 2008 	great location and value for money	i stayed here with my boyfriend for 5 nights in august 2008. it was one of the lest expensive accommodations we could find in london (apart from hostels which we were not at all interested in). we knew of the problems some guests face with the noise levels from the trains, but we were prepared to deal with that. we asked for a quiet room, and they had one available so we were on the inner courtyard and couldn't hear a peep from the trains. the room was fairly large by european standards, was clean, and had a wonderfully comfy large bed. sometimes the maid didn't leave us two sets of bath towels but we just asked for extras at the desk - the staff were always helpful and friendly. it's a very typical travelodge, but the exterior facade was a nice change from the usual concrete boxes the hotel builds - it is a reclaimed heritage building of some sort. the location was fantastic too! the hotel is under 2 mins from kings cross and st. pancras stations, where you can get almost every major line on the tube. it was very convenient. we actually liked the hotel so much that when we decided to extend our trip for a few days, we returned to london to stay here again!while in the area, don't miss the british library and it's hall of treasures, it was one of the most amazing collections we saw in 8 weeks in europe!	
Sep 15 2008 	Hey it ain't that bad!!	Me and my partner stopped in this hotel for one night as we were going on the eurostar early morning and i must say it was pretty good. I had read the reviews on here after booking and was concerned lol but room was spot on, clean, comfy, quiet and you cant grumble at the location.	
Aug 22 2008 	One of the Worst!	This is one of the worst hotels I've stayed at. I guess you get what you pay for but I would have spent the money to stay at a better place. The place has a very unfriendly and sterile feeling to it. The rooms are very small and dirty. The bathroom was atrocious- one towel for two people and no soap. I have to say I have never been to a hotel where they don't give you at least a small bar of soap to wash your hands. It was a pretty horrific experience and I would absolutely advise you to stay elsewhere.	
Aug 13 2008 	It is noisy!!!!	We booked here for 2 nights using the Travelodge cheap summer rooms offer - £49 per night for a family room. Firstly the goods: The price was very good. The location is excellent - about 3 minutes walk from Kings Cross station and underground. The reception staff were very friendly and the beds were comfortable.The bads: there is no air conditioning so you have to have the windows open. They don't open much but enough to let a lot of noise in. The rooms are hot.All the comments about noise are true. The windows have no double glazing and the room was noisy with the window shut and with the window open (it was that or fry) it was bedlam!!! We were in room 111 and directly over the railway lines - it was like being on the platform. Also in the middle of the night someone in the neighbourhood starts dumping a great deal of glass! It sounds like giant dumpsters of glass bottles are being moved!!! Worse than the trains. Also the rooms are not well soundproofed and you can hear people above and around you. We had poor sleep throughout. Personally I would not stay here again.	
Aug 7 2008 	surprisingly good	I read several bad reviews after booking this hotel and felt very concerned about the reports of train noise etc.However ,on arrival at reception i asked that we have quiet rooms next door to each other (we were a family of 2 adults and 2 teenagers) and we were given these with no problems from the reception staff who were friendly and helpful.The rooms were numbers 114 and 112 on the first floor which overlooked a roof courtyard and we heard no train noise on either night of our stay.The rooms were clean and the beds comfortable -we were only given one towel between 2 but again we asked at reception and were given extra ones with no problems.I booked the rooms in advance and paid approx £50 each for them which was very good value.Breakfast was ok with quite a lot of choice .The area was very convenient indeed for traveling and there was a large choice of venues to eat out in within a few steps such as Macdonalds ,K.F.C,Subway(which suited the teens)but also a good quality Indian restaurant and decent cappachinos in a wholefood cafe accross the street from the hotel.All in all a good .clean place to sleep between outings.	
Aug 2 2008 	disappointed	Central location and staff efficient and freindly ,reasonably clean.However I found the fact that we had to pay 20.00 pounds to check in at 2pm as apposed to 3pm a cynical exercise in extorting more money.This hotel was not cheap.The room was miniscule and in the bathroom we enjoyed 1 towel and 1 bath mat and one tiny solitary peice of soap.no shampoo ,shower hat etc. There was also no hairdryer,safe or Iron. The buffet breakfast was also disappointing. Sliced processed bread ,no fresh fruit , no toast , no plain yoghurt.or home made brown bread. Over all a very disappointing stay	
Jul 24 2008 	We Must Have Been Lucky	We booked this TL for 3 nights because of it being so close to St. Pancras where we were taking the Eurostar on the 3rd morning (after getting over our jet lag). We chose it even though there were the warnings here about the noise, so I was quite worried about what we would find.For whatever reason, we lucked out and were given a family room in the basement (I think it was no. 4) on the street side. We did not hear any noise from the trains or underground at all. Based on this fact and the closeness to the train station, I would stay here again. However, I doubt there would be any way of ensuring this unless it is possible to book a particular room. Those on the street side certainly seem quieter, based on previous reviews.The area is quite busy. There are plenty of restaurants of varying prices to choose from. There are also small stores just across the street for snacks and drinks. Just up the road about 2 blocks is a Tescos. The rooms was standard TL - although this one was very roomy compared to others that we have stayed in. Bathroom had only a shower - no tub. Very easy to get around London from this TL because it is just a block away from King's Cross Stn.	
Jul 19 2008 	Huge disappointment for £85	Awful hotel for the price. Very noisy as the view directly from our room was train track! No breakfast served and rooms were as basic as can be with barely anything in them. Cant believe this cost £85! Rip off!	
Jun 28 2008 	Please don't stay in this hotel	I am not surprised ,this is the second time I write about this &quot;hotel&quot;, my first comment were never published.Again, please don't stay in this hotel, very rude Lady G.M. dirty rooms, dirty bathrooms, dirty lounge, dirtiest elevators ever! very poor breakfast nthing fresh most food, especially yogurth all expired. One good thing, the location, 5 min. walk to the Kings Cross Station but you can stay under a nearby bridge and stay better!	
Jun 19 2008 	Not a light sleeper but...	If I had paid under £40 for this room in London I may have been less disappointed by the experience but at £85 I will certainly be looking elsewhere next time. Admittedly I booked only a couple of weeks before, but that's how I always book when travelling for work and I am not normally this disappointed. I picked it because it was convenient to walk to station / place of meeting and because whilst basic, you know what to expect with chain hotels.On arrival I had to dash out quickly again so ordered a taxi with the intention of dumping my case and being back downstairs by the time it came. The receptionist did not point out the lift but told me to go up the stairs to the 4th floor (nice of her!). When I got to my room the key wouldn't work. So I went back down and she gave me another to try. This also would not work. She told her colleague, who took me back up to check the same keys I had in my hand. Meanwhile my taxi was waiting, and yes his meter was ticking at my expense. When she established that I was correct she told me that she had not brought her own keys (!) and would have to go back for them - whilst waiting I noticed that the television had been turned up in the room I was trying to get into - I notice that this happened to another reviewer so I think there is a problem with their room allocation!!I have previously stayed very close to rail lines, both in London (next door to Victoria) and in other cities and while you can normally hear the trains pass I have always got to sleep and don't consider myself a light sleeper (you can't be when you travel for your job). However, this hotel was on a whole other level. When reviewers say that they could have been sleeping on the platform they are not lying! The noise was not helped by the badly fitted, insufficient windows which don't fully seal when you shut them. The train noise was unbearable, went on until late and started early but I figured that there would be at least a few hours sleep in between. Little did I know that the windows were so thin that you can hear every bar emptying its glass bins into the skips and workers on the railway line are not that considerate when working overnight. Shouting to each other and banging until the trains started again.After trying and failing to at least get an hour I went down to the continental breakfast to get a cup of tea - no such luck. No hot drinks available, the milk was in the process of turning sour and I don't know about anyone else but I don't like having chocolate chip muffins for my breakfast. Also if you like a fruit salad with more than two kinds of fruit then look elsewhere. Just as a warning - don't buy the breakfast here - go to a cafe / fast food place on the way to the station.	
May 28 2008 	The bare necessities - that's all	This hotel experience didn't start off well, with the cabbie dropping me off at the OTHER Kings Cross Travelodge. I questioned if it was the right one, as it didn't look like the website picture, but he just repeated gruffly that it was the Kings Cross Travelodge.It would have helped if the booking desk had given a heads up at booking to specify Grays Inn Road.The room was clean albeit sparse. No soap was provided (just liquid soap in the shower) and the layout of the basthroom meant that water ended up all over the floor after a shower. Corridoor traffic was noisy.	
May 9 2008 	Never Again!!	I stayed at the Kings Cross Travel lodge with my family. Read the reviews after I had booked the trip! (won't be making that mistake again!) But thought perhaps it wouldn't be as bad as most people said. Our room was very clean, staff were friendly, but the biggest complaint would have to be the noise of the trains until 12 at night. Even after putting in hear plugs, the noise was still very loud with trains going by on average about every 5 minutes. My 12 year old daughter was so tired after a days sightseeing in London, she was in tears because she couldn't sleep. And that was the first night! yes we had booked for two nights. The rooms may be cheap for a family of 4 but we would definately not book there again, perhap try a Premier Inn Hotel next time, but I will read the reviews first!!	
Apr 21 2008 	Last straw for failing hotle cahin	Absolute last straw. Got a cheap deal but wow did we get made to feel as if we had. Noisiest room, rudest staff and the filthiest unsafe of all of the travelodge's I've been in recently - which says a lot as they are all disgusting. DO NOT pay for the continental brekkie - go to the greasy spoon opposite and up Grays Inn road a bit. Not in the least bit greasy and a budnle of food with a cuppa for a £3.50!Dont expect any decent reaction from Travelodge, they ignore their customers...obviously! Enjoy spending your money at the Christmas party fatcats - you havent spent it on renovating the hotels thats for sure!!!!! Premier Travel Inn all the way	
Apr 14 2008	trashy travelodge	We stayed for one night only, although we got a cheap deal on the room, it couldn't have been worse our room overlooked kings cross platform so station noise was an understatement! the window wouldn't close properly, after reporting it still nothing happened. The room was shabby and in need of refurbishing. I have stayed in many travelodges and must say this is the worst!	
Apr 2 2008 	A waste of money	I chose this hotel because I needed to leave very early from nearby King's Cross station. There can be no other reasons for staying, so it would be helpful if the hotel started breakfast before 7, which is too late for early travellers. The room was freezing cold, the heating broken, no heating in the bathroom at all. Although I had telephoned the hotel in the evening to explain that I would be late, they were surprised when I arrived at midnight, and said they only had one room left, the one equipped for the disabled. The reception staff could hardly speak English, very difficult to understand at all. Not only was the room cold, the curtains did not draw across and were very dirty. It was like sleeping over the rail station; every few minutes through the night a train roared past as if it was coming into the room. There was no shower gel or face towels or any toiletries, no hairdryer that I could find, only a miniscule bar of soap and a paper cup. There was no wake-up call facility, no newspaper, no internal phone. A place of last resort in a rough area. It would have been more restful to spend the night in the waiting room of King's Cross station!	
Mar 14 2008 	Great value accommodation in a greatly improved part of London	I arrived in Kings Cross remembering it as a very sleazy area some years ago- thankfully things have improved and I was catching the train down from Newcastle for an exam the following day in Euston- so the hotel couldn't have been handier.The room was the usual Travelodge decor (I've stayed in a few before), nice bed and shower- no parking was available as far as I could see but I came by train anyway.The cafe bar was pleasant and wood-panelled, obviously a vestige of whatever this modernised old building used to be.The only problem I had was at check-in. I was given the wrong room number by the receptionist and had a slightly humiliating moment when the room's occupant was surprised to hear me trying to open his bedroom door. I made a sharp exit back to reception where I received an apology and the correct room number. These things happen.	
Mar 10 2008 	Noisy	Very convenient for stations &amp; underground. Room OK, comfortable bed &amp; clean bathroom. However, the noise from passing trains is terrible. We were woken at 6am and could clearly hear every train that went by, despite using earplugs.Avoid if you want a decent nights sleep	
Mar 5 2008 	not bad at all!!	having read the reviews about this hotel after i booked it i was quite worried about staying here, but it is just a typical travelodge, basic, comfortable, good loaction, and i could hardly fault it! check in was very quick and easy and the staff were friendly and efficient. yes it was a bit of a treck to the room but the room numbers are well signposted and not really a problem. very close to kings cross station which is very handy, although there was quite a bit of train noise in the room it didnt bother us as we got in late after seeing a show and were up and out early for more sightseeing. several pubs/bars, convinience shops and takeaways close by, also noticed a mcdonalds and games arcade.overall a very pleasant stay and i would go back!	
Feb 24 2008 	Great location and price	Myself and my 13 year old son stayed for 4 nights in a family room at the Travelodge Kings Cross, london in January 2008.If you are arriving by train into St Pancreas or Kings Cross this hotel is in a great location. You can very easily have walked from the station and be checking in within 10 minutes. Hotel reception staff i found to be very helpful and accomodating. The family room has a double bed a single sofa type bed and a rollaway bed underneath. If there were four of you you would need to be careful getting out of the double bed on one side otherwise you could end up standing on the person sleeping on the rollaway. I would normally book a twin room but Travelodge charge by the room irrespective of occupancy and the family rooms have more space. We were very happy with the standard of accomodation which was bright and clean and the bathroom was modern and cleaned daily. Tea and coffee making facilities are in the room and the tea / coffee / milk supply is topped up daily. Breakfast is continental style and is extra but children under 16 eat free with paying adults so the two of us had breakfast for a little under £5. For those who want to eat out there was a little cafe over the rood going towards Kings Cross that advertised full english for £3.99. There are lots of small convenience stores round about also. The slight downside is the almost constant noise from the trains going past which only stops between 12midnight and 6amish, having said that if you have had a busy day in London this probably won't stop you sleeping. This would not stop me recommending this hotel as the location to main train stations and the underground far outway the train noise.	
Feb 5 2008 	Acceptable for the price	I booked this hotel mainly for the price. Coming from the US made everything in London seem extremely expensive so a budget hotel seemed like a good idea. Overall I can't knock the hotel. It is located less than a block from the underground and train stations making access to anywhere in the London area easy. I was sort of lucky in that I got an interior room so there was little noise in the room and I had no issues sleeping. The worst part is while I was non-smoking my room was located right next to the smoking section so it could get a little smelly outside the room at times. The staff was extremely friendly and provided many good tips to staying in London. Overall I would stay here again if I was looking for a budget accommodation.	
Jan 31 2008 	couldn't fault it!	couldn't fault this hotel at all i stayed here for 3 nights, i had booked it 3months previously and paid in advance,getting a good deal at £48 per night. The room was clean very quite and basic the staff were very helpfull when ever i asked anything and i felt very safe there especially as i was on my own! I would recommend this hotel as for the price i paid for a london hotel i cant fault it! hope you have as pleasant a stay as i did!	
Jan 26 2008 	Worst stay EVER	For £85/night we had the great displeasure of this noisy, barebones accomodation in London. I realize EVERYTHING is expensive in London but this dive was situated right beside the London underground (you could see the trains go by). The single pane windows did nothing to keep the sound out. There were no alarms clocks or phones to get a wake up call and you had to still pay for your breakfast. They shower was dirty and everything about the room was dingy and a bit grubby.They even charge £1.70 for a cup of coffee. Travelodge should set standards on their hotels. If you stay with a Travelodge regardless of country or location, they should maintain a minimum level of quality.For the same amount, you can get a much nicer place in Covent Garden or even further out of the city. Next time we won't be fooled by the convenience of staying close to the action.	
Jan 22 2008 	Ask for a quiet Room!	Stayed in this hotel last night so my husband could catch the 5.27 am Eurostar as it takes over an hour to get to St Pancras from home we thought we'd be clever and he'd get much more sleep, little did I know!Checked in and got to our room, through the serious security measures (You have to put your key card in every door and the lift to gain access). Dropped our bags off and went straight out so didn't think to look out the window. When we got back later discovered we were staying pretty much on the railway platform! Tried to get to sleep but it proved fruitless so I went down to recption and asked to be moved rooms. The reception staff were really helpful and seem to be used to this request (unsurprisingly!), they have a list in reception of 'official quiet rooms'. My advice would be to ask for one of these upon checking in or book over the phone and request it at this stage.I would stay there again but only in a quiet room.	
Jan 13 2008 	Would have had more peaceful nights sleep on a railway platform.	We bid for this on Ebay so we could extend our Xmas stay (which began in Slough and Windsor -read my comprehensive reviews about both travelodge hotels) to include one final day/night in the capital.We paid £38 for the room though the original price was £26 - so good price. From the reviews I had read on trip advisor beforehand I was aware of the main problems (subway noise, lack of ventilation) but assumed we could cope given we put up with most things without a fuss. After staying at the fabulous Travelodge Windsor on my Birthday (Boxing Day) we set off to London to the Kings Cross Travelodge.The Hotel is a short walk from Kings Cross Station though a little difficult to find (ask an attendant at the train station). The Hotel is on a main road and there are lots of late shops and takeaways open on the same road.We got to the hotel (my shaving foam decided to explode in my bag just as we got there). The building is nice, though it looks like only a part of it is used by the hotel and half is used by private tenants (as there are several buzzers at the front door). The reception area has a bizarre layout too.The desk staff were fed up/bored/unmotivated but that’s what we expected from Travelodge. We went to our 'Family sized' room and dumped our stuff. The room was small in comparison to family rooms at Slough Travelodge for instance - but it is central London so again we expected this.The window was small and didn't open very much (to prevent people jumping out according to a sticker by the wall).We got dressed up and went out into London. We walked halfway around London just to tire ourselves ourselves out ready for the expected sleepless night ahead. We arrived back at about 12.30am - exhausted!. The late shops were still open so we got some snacks and drinks form across the road - there wasn't a vending machine in the hotel (or at least not one we could see).We went to bed, watching the very small TV with the poor signal..... next thing the hotel shook and a very loud train noise passed ....then a minute later another, then another, and another - there was a tube line right outside the window and the only place for the deafening noise to go was up into the hotel rooms. Usually we can sleep through most things but not this - the noise was too loud.For a while the trains passed by ...we finally did get to sleep when the tube closed for the night but were awaken by the horrific stench of cigarette smoke at about 2am. The people in the room opposite who had been shouting and arguing about how 'the police can do nuthin to me Bro - you get me' (nice neighbours huh?) had been smoking during the night and it had drifted straight into my room (there is nothing I hate more than Cig smoke). I was soooo tired because of all the train noise that I just couldn't be bothered. My partner was furious so she went down to complain. The receptionist came to investigate. He knocked on the offender’s room but the cowards were obviously not as 'hard/tough' as they wanted everyone to think - they hid in their room in silence. He put a note under the door to remind them of the hotels non smoking policy. He offered to put us in a different room but I was in Bed and it was late so my partner declined.The smell didn't go away and we couldn't open the window due to traffic noise. We finally got to sleep at about 3am only to be woken at 6am by the noise of more subway trains..... we were absolutely sickeningly tired and there was no chance we could sleep with 2 trains passing every minute. We felt awful - we were angry, it was an absolutely horrendous experience - we thought we could handle it but it was unreal - I cannot understand why they built a hotel here and why they haven't soundproofed it - obviously it is financial but the whole point of staying in a hotel is to get a good nights sleep and that is impossible here. We had purposely tired ourselves out walking round the whole of London and expected to not be affected - how wrong we were.We couldn't leave soon enough.This was the most horrendous experience of the whole stay - If you are unfortunate to stay here - ask for a main road room (if they have them - maybe they are the private tenants rooms?)Yes it is tempting to pay under £50 for a hotel in Central London but it really isn't worth your whole day being ruined through exhaustion. I do not complain about anything - I put up with most things especially given the price so please take my advice and avoid.I took lots of pics for you trip advisor readers as there were none on the site when we booked so I hope you find them useful.	
Jan 11 2008 	I like the sound of trains!	Maybe it seems a bit excessive to give this place 4 stars; it is, after all, only a Travelodge. But I am taking into account the fact that I paid only £19 for a family room which was clean, comfortable and quite spacious. It was also on the 5th floor (on the railway side), which may mean that is was less noisy than some others; the train noise, although clearly audible from fairly early in the morning, was not particularly loud and we soon got used to it.Staff on the desk were very friendly, and the hotel is in a very convenient location; a minute or two from Kings Cross station and opposite a bus stop where you can get a bus direct to Trafalgar Square. There are also a couple of cafes serving breakfast opposite; probably a much better breakfast than Travelodge serve, although the hotel breakast room/bar is a lot more attractive than most Travelodge's, as is the outside of the building. Some of the interior paint work looked a bit shabby but ,overall, a great value stay in a good location.	
Dec 10 2007 	Noise Noise Noise!	Despite the staff being very courteous and helpful, the rooms being well maintained and clean this hotel is badly let down by the noise from both the street and the adjoining Thames Link railway line.The irony was that the very pleasant receptionist aplogised for the noise of some building work going on next door only to find that the noise from the railway was much worse.Perhaps it is the luck of the draw as to which way your room faces - towards or away from the tracks - I was obviously on the wrong side of the tracks as it where!	
Dec 5 2007 	Good hotel!	I booked this hotel and then checked the reviews on here, of which i started to panic.The hotel is a great location just over the road from Kings Cross train station, of which has a excess-luggage, where you can leave your bags very safely for £6.50 per item.My room was at the back of the hotel, on the train line, which did not bother me at all, it would if your a light sleeper.The room was very clean and ample space, and the staff were very happy to help, even delivered me some extra towels to my door.	
Oct 22 2007	basic and bland	Travelling to London to do some training with work, I was booked intothis 'budget' hotel.A very bland hotel, with no chracter or 'soul'. However, the room wasa good size, clean and everything in working order. No phone to reception though - something I would have liked as a female solo traveller.Breakfast was dismal. Only continental served here - cold, dry croissants, milk for cereal tepid. The breakfast served in the bar -nothing particularly nice about this in the evening for a drink or inthe morning!The hotel served no food in the evening = not clear from the website.However, some nice restaurants a minute or so walk away.Just across from the Kings Cross station and tube - in a good location.	
Sep 8 2007 	Hot 	As per most of the other reviews, this hotel is noisy and very hot, there is no air con in the bedroom. If you open the window, all of the noise from Kings Cross and 'Shouting Alley' come in to your room.What I would say about this hotel is it only cost us £26 per night and we only had to stay there one night. If you are a light sleeper and/or have got an early start, then this really may not be the hotel for you.If you are on a tight budget and don't mind a bit of noise, this hotel is great, and you can't knock the area, as it has everthing you need (restaurants, bars, mini-supermarket, starbucks, mcdonalds) all within 50-100 metres walking distance. Kings Cross Train &amp; Tube Station is handy too, 3 minutes walking tops.	
Sep 7 2007 	Yes it's noisy but so what!	The other reviews for this Travelodge are really bad but i really don't think it deserves them. Yes it's noisy, very noisy at times, but that was the only problem we encounted during our stay here. I wouldn't recommend staying here on business or if you need a really good nights sleep because you won't get it. The tube trains go past every minute from 5 am till midnight and you can hear every one. You won't need a wake up call and it gets you up bright and early for the day ahead! On other things, our check in was quick and the receptionist was friendly and helpful. The room was very clean and everything was in good working order. For the price you can't really complain.	
Aug 28 2007 	Hot Noisy and Avoid the Breakfast	First of all this is a budget hotel situated very close to Kings Cross so very handy for rail links. Check in was swift and easy. I was on the 4th floor in a smoking room. The room was spacious, clean if a bit sparse; same for the bathroom - it had only a shower which I was advised of and was fine for me. The view....ahh, this is were it all went terribly wrong. I overlooked the Thames Link railway tracks, I could tell you when the next train was because the tanoy announcement was so clear, even with the window shut. As well as better double glazing the hotel should seriously consider air conditioning or at the very least a portable fan.The double bed was spacious but a bit soft for me; that said I slept well, despite the heat. Whatever you do do not take advantage of the breakfast!. I did and regretted it. Served in the Cafe Bar, I say served but it really was self service in every sense of the word. Hot drink is dispensed from a machine; juice was bitter, the milk was warm and the fruit had seen better days but the best (worse) was the croissant. Now I can eat croissant which are cold but these were pre-packaged (so cold), greasy and flat; ....very flat, as though they had been squashed beyond all recognition. Add some ice cold butter pats and some jelly labeled as &quot;jam&quot; and that was the &quot;all you can eat continental breakfast for only £7.95!&quot; There is a golden arches fast food place very close by. Great for location but that's about all.	
Aug 28 2007 	Far too noisy very rude staff.	I stayed here on the return leg of my Hong Kong trip, we were put in a room overlooking the railway and boy was it noisy, the room was roasting hot and because of the noisy trains we could not open the window. Ok the room was only £15 but as I got NO sleep whatsoever it was far from worth it. Also the staff are very unhelpfull, we got there early and very tired from travelling some 40 hours in all from Hong Kong and asked if we could check in early (at 10am) but they wouldn't let us and even though loads of people were checking out as we were asking they still made us wait until 1pm in the hotel foyer. The barstaff are also very rude with the girl getting my drink wrong twice and then leaving the cap on the bottle, when I mentioned it to her she sighed and threw the bottle opener to me. Obviously unaware I was going to now make her famous for the wrong reasons on here.Stay in the 'Kings Cross Royal Scot' down the road which is a far better Travelodge of the 3 in the area.	
Aug 23 2007 	Hot Hot Hot !!!!!!!!	We Stayed for 2 nights between 3rd and 5th August 2007,Mistakenly we booked a smoking family room and therefore were put in the basement. The whole room smelt of stale cigarettes and was red hot (the window would not open). The next day i asked to move rooms which was no problem for the staff and this room seemed alot airier. However it was overlooking the trainline so was extremely noisy.If your going to stay here make sure you take some ear plugs.	
Aug 18 2007 	Very noisy and hot	Most of the rooms in the hotel overlook four railway lines, two of which are the Thameslink King's Cross station. It's incredibly noisy to the point that you can't hear the television even when the window was closed. The trains are so close, you could throw a stone onto the tracks from the window if you could open it.I know it was August, but like many places the hotel was unbearably hot and you just could wait to get out of the place. It desperately needs triple glazing and air-con.It was cheap, but I would rather pay more and have a little peace. In the evening the trains were virtually non-stop. Unless you are a very sound sleeper, don't book this place.On the plus side, it was extremely conveniently placed, with main-line and tube stations right next door. You can't have it all-ways!	
Aug 13 2007	It does exactly what it says on the tin	You know exactly what you are going to get with a Travelodge, very good value, clean and comfortable accomodation. I read a lot of reviews on here that slated the hotel AFTER I had booked two rooms in the hotel for my wifes 40th Birthday theatre trip to London. I had taken the discounted rates which are amazing for a hotel in London, so I knew that I would not get a refund if I cancelled. Because it was a special trip I booked another hotel anyway for the second night, the Savoy, again at discounted rates. I wish I hadn't because the Travelodge was what you would expect, and the location to the train station is both good and bad. Good because you can be on the Tube in 5 minutes but bad because you do here the trains, so I would not recommend the hotel for light sleepers, but having said that only the rooms that back onto the train line are affected, as my daughters room faced the other side and she could not here the trains. Overall very good value and we had a superb weekend, I would definately consider the Travelodge at Kings Cross in the future (with ear plugs).P.S Dont book the Savoy on discounted rates, as you get a discounted service, but that for another review.	
Aug 2 2007 	Too Noisy!	I have stayed in different places in London, but that hotel was the most noisy hotel! I booked a family room with 2 other girls, and we were so tired but simply could not fall asleep! The train was running and honking behind the window all the time. We tried closing the window but it didn't really help, and it was super hot in the room, so we didn't fall asleep at all for 3 nights. Should've asked for room change. Customer service was nice though, and location was good. However I would NOT stay there again.	
Jul 31 2007 	Awful	The hotel is awful - my room overlooks the Kings Cross District Line platform and is so noisy that it's impossible to even watch TV, not to mention sleep. The bathroom smells like it hasn't been cleaned in a year, and the hotel is so dingy with narrow, dark coridors that I don't even feel safe. The Premier Travel Inn round the corner is fantastic for almost the same price!	
May 24 2007 	Never again	Room was an adequate size but the hotel and rooms just looked grim and very worn out. It just gave me the impression that it was very low class hotel for customers who are in need of a bed to sleep on and nothing more. The rooms can get stuffy and there is no air conditioning. So I had to open the window to get some fresh air and had to put up with the very loud noise from the trainline behind the hotel - so be warned!. For £90 (a late booking), it definitely is not worth it.I am sure there are worse hotels in London, but I will not be returning to this travelodge ever again.	
May 1 2007	Great for bargain break	The Travelodge is in a great position, near King's Cross, Euston and St Pancras stations and all the adjoining underground stations.The room was spotless. It was perfectly nice for a city break. The room had everything you need - coffee making facilities, TV, ensuite shower etc. Hairdriers aren't provided automatically, but you can ask for one, free of charge. The reception staff were friendly and efficient.Our room overlooked the underground line at Kings Cross (which isn't actually underground!) As a result we heard the passing trains every few minutes and the station announcements as well. Handy if you aren't wearing a watch.. &quot;The next train is the 11.35 train to...!&quot; I didn't find it annoying though. To be honest the noise of the passing trains was quite soothing! Just take earplugs if you're a light sleeper.Buy an underground pass, walk the five minutes to the station and London's all yours to explore.	
Apr 26 2007 	If you're paying the saver rate - its perfect!	We booked this hotel for £26 a night because it was cheaper than our train tickets would have been if we'd have gone to stay at a friends house in Luton!The hotel room was basic (as you would expect with every travelodge), it was clean and there were no problems with the room apart from the fact that our TV didn't work. We told the reception and he said he'd fix it on our return, but after a heavy night on the town, we really weren't bothered!The hotel is located right near Kings cross station so you can hear the trains, but they weren't so loud that they bothered me at all!If you're looking for somewhere thats good value and you're not to bothered about having a luxurious room then this place would be ideal. Does what it said on the tin and I have no complaints.(p.s. If you stay in travelodge make sure you hang the 'i'm sleeping' sign outside the door, otherwise the cleaners will wake you up early!!)	
Apr 19 2007 	great bargain rates	The hotel is sandwiched right between two railway stations in the heart of London. Kings Cross mainline and Kings Cross Thameslink, and also the exposed section of Underground. If anybody belives that the noise of a city shouldn't be there they need their head examined!!! Travelodge's website even tells you before booking that this hotel will have raised levels of background noise.So with all this fully known before staying, I have to rate this lodge as good. We arrived on a Sunday afternoon with the plan of dropping off our luggage at Kings Cross station left luggage.....but then so did everybody else on the planet so we gave up, and took a chance of checking in...3 hours early... and the hotel was happy to let us...great!We had a large family room on the 5th floor, it was the largest and most light room i've ever had at a travelodge. The window was floor to roof the whole length of the room, and yes it looked out east towards Thamslink station. There was noise, we expected it, and knew before booking.The room was clean, plenty of hot water, nothing was broken. The corridors were clean and fresh. There was nothing wrong at all, infact better than any stay at any lodge so far.I would be concerned in the summer though, the windows for obvious reasons don't open very much so if it was going to be hot the room would turn from pleasant to awfull from heat.	
Apr 17 2007	Good value some bad rooms	Various stays 2006 and 2007. I’ve stayed in many different Travelodges and find most of them good value for money. They are clean, neat, tidy and offer a basic room for the price. Some of the reviews seem to be bad, but in my experiance this hotel was ok. This hotel also has a reasonably priced restaurant on the first floor. I was happy with the room and staff and nice. Once again, the hotels doors bang loudly when shutting so you could be woken up by these sudden loud noises. When will these doors be designed to shut quietly?!?!?!	
Apr 5 2007	awful	it has been the worst hotel i've ever stayed in. My friends and I found MICE in the bedrooms on the 5th floor...i colodn't sleep.. i was so scared. then in the morning the desk clerk poured pesticide for mice on the floor mat!! this is a weighty fact! then other people found creepy -crawly on towels!! and during breakfast we found an insect into glass!!we only required CLEANLINESS! avoid this company	
Mar 29 2007 	Not bad	Stayed at this hotel for one night this week, not sure why some people were complaining about the noise..was quiet for us. Getting the room was easy and cheap, bar was good due to lack of underaged drinkers. Only problem i had was the toilet flush handle hadnt been cleaned but the hotel came upto the room and bleached it. Good night...would use the hotel again.	
Mar 18 2007 	Great location great price.	This is a travelodge, not a luxury hotel. There is no bar or amenities, just rooms.I booked a double room for 75 pounds. It was very clean, very quiet and the location is incredible - a 2 minute walk from kings cross station. And it was a saturday night.There is no iron or hair dryer to keep costs down, but TV was good, ensuite bathroom had a great shower and was very clean.For a cheap weekend in london I would definately use this hotel again. For a romantic weekend of luxury I would look elsewhere.I am very picky about noise being a light sleeper but found it to be one of the most quiet places I have stayed. Ask for room 205.	
Mar 6 2007 	Poor Showers 	We stayed here for 2 nights in a double room (415). We have stayed in Travelodges before and our expectations are a clean, basic, standard quality room with no frills. Unfortunately it wasn''t up to an acceptable standard. The bed was extremely soft and the mattress sloped into the middle resulting in us rolling together. On the first morning, we got up early to try and enjoy a full day, but discovered hot tap on the shower did not work. My boyfriend went to reception and they gave him a key to another room on the 4th floor for showering in. Unbelievably this room had the exact same problem. Reception then gave us a key to another room on the 2nd floor where the shower did work so we had to traipse down 2 floors with our towels and stuff. I also noted from sitting on the bed in this room that the mattress was almost not existent as I could feel the wooden bars from sitting on the bed!We asked to change rooms, but they didn't have any double rooms free. They said to come back at 3pm, but since our day was already ticking away, we thought we would deal with it at night when we got back. When we returned, we were told there were no spare rooms, but that the handyman had fixed our shower. No surprise to find that the shower had not been fixed and was still the same. So the next morning, we had to go to reception and get the key to a single room on the 2nd floor to use the shower. Although there was water coming from it, it was like standing under a big tap rather than any kind of sprinkle! The shower curtain was so long that it blocked the plug hole causing the bath to fill up (although none of the showers we used had proper drainage from the plugs). When finished having a shower, I turned the shower off and the knob came right off the wall in my hands and fell in the bath! Typical. The staff at reception were very nice, and we felt sorry for them as the complaints we had were obviously ones they were used to hearing. They refunded us 1 nights accommodation without us asking which was good of them, but I would only return to this hotel I was really stuck. The price is great if you can get a £26 room when they have offers on, but still not worth the inconvenience and hassle in my opinion.	
Jan 4 2007 	Be warned.... this hotel is a nightmare	Don't be fooled by the cheap rates at this Travelodge. This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in.The rooms were clean but there is a very busy train track at the back of the hotel and we could not sleep with the constant sound of trains coming out of Kings Cross station every 2 or 3 minutes. This went on until about midnight then started back up again around 5:00am in the morning. The noise was terrible and there is no way anyone could sleep through it. If you like a good nights sleep, you have been warned.	
Jan 3 2007 	In a word - awful!!!	I have never in all my years, stayed in such a soulless, cheap and dirty hotel. I will never stay in a travel lodge again if this is the standard of hotels in this chain. I understand that corners are cut for the budget price, but dirty, dark and filthy hotels are not acceptable. Paint was peeling off the walls, the lift doors were filthy, and all carpets needed a good clean, I was extremely surprised that no Christmas decorations were up as this made the dank and dismal atmosphere even more miserable. The breakfast buffet food was cold and inedible. They have really let themselves down, regardless of the cheap price, a minimum standard of cleanliness and food hygiene was expected.	
Dec 17 2006	You know what you're getting with a Travelodge!	I've read some of the reviews on this site and, really, I don't know what people expect from a room in the middle of London for £25-75.A travelodge is a travelodge. You get a clean, basic room for a cheap price in a good location.That's exactly what this hotel is. Its actually mildly better than most travelodges (especially the royal scot one and farringdon one further up the road) as it was designed specifically and is not an old hotel that travelodge has taken over. I stayed in a room on the train station side (the loud side) and although the trains can be mildy annoying, I didn't hear any annoucements. I've stayed here a number of times and I have never been moved enough by it to ask for a room on the quieter side.Also, the trains stop at about 1030pm and don't start again until after 7am in the morning, which is fine if you're staying here for work. Its a travelodge. Its cheap, its clean and its very handy for London.	
Nov 28 2006 	Dangerously bad	I had the misfortune to have stayed in this hotel (???) on Thursday 23rd November 2006. The hotel was booked for me by a work colleague and I had never stayed in a Travellodge before but I will not be doing so again. Description: Lowend hotel reminiscent of the homeless hostels in the area. I felt it was safer to be locked in the room then to be in the hotel lobby. General atmosphere was midlly threatening.Smell of bleach in the room barely disguised the underlying smell of vomit and I was itching all night in the bed, not to mention the bare matress complete with springs protruding. The shower did not work when turned to hot so the only option was an ice cold shower the next morning.I have no a problem with Budget (paid £70 a night) accommodation if its clean and functional. This place did not fulfill even those criteria.Avoid, Avoid, Avoid.	
Oct 23 2006 	Ask for a quiet room.....!	Most of the other reviewers have this place about right. It's a Travelodge, and their business ethos is to give you a comfy bed and a good shower at a good price. At that, this hotel succeeds.I stayed here for one night, and proximity to Kings Cross was my main decision factor in choosing this hotel. Rightly so - it's so close to the Mainline, Thameslink and Tube stations that you really don't have to worry about the perceived &quot;dodgy&quot; nature of the locale. There's also loads of amenities nearby in terms of bars, restaurants and fast food joints to make up for the lack of facilities in the hotel (who needs a minibar when you can shop local?).The single biggest drawback of this place is the same as its main benefit - the proximity to the Thameslink station. I was on the third floor, and was directly above the platforms. There's also the tracks for the mainline station running adjacent. The noise from the trains was bad enough, but the station announcements were really bad - they went on until about 11, and started up at 7am. Not the place to come if you like a long lie! When I was checking out, I got the obligatory &quot;How was your stay?&quot;, and rather than just say &quot;OK&quot;, I told them that I was glad I needed to be up at 7am because of the noise. She said &quot;Oh, I'm sorry, next time make sure you ask for a quiet room&quot;. So - if you're booking here, take her advice!	
Oct 12 2006	not bad!	i stayed there for five days with my classmates on a schooltrip. It wasn't expensive and the rooms were clean and pretty. I think there where different rooms in different floors for different prices. We went to the cheapest. Loved the &quot;all you can eat&quot; breakfast&quot;!!!	
Sep 20 2006 	Must Do Better...	My girlfriend and I stayed at the above hotel last weekend. Despite the fact that we found it to be clean and quiet (we were not facing the street), we encountered a number of problems with our booking and this was not helped by the attitude of some of the staff. One member of staff took my breath away with his complete lack of interest in our problem, despite the fact that it was up to the hotel to sort things out.As it stands at the moment, we have been charged twice (the full rate of £70) for one night, despite being told that this would not happen.On the whole, the hotel is conveniently situated and clean enough, but the service is sadly lacking.	
Aug 17 2006 	cheap + good location but noisy	At a discount price of under £29 this hotel is good value. At full price book elsewhere. It is better than the other travelodge nearby but the doors are very noisy. The movie system on our tv did not work. If you must stay at a travelodge use covent garden for location even though the rooms are tatty there.	
Aug 1 2006 	Telling it like it was!	We spent 4 nights at this Hotel on the &quot;26 GBP rate&quot;. We weren't looking for a 5 star hotel, just a clean , good bed and clean shower and bath. We had a room located on the side of the building on the third floor which is a non-smoking floor. Several floors in the hotel are also non-smoking. We arrived arround 1 pm. on saturday afternoon, June 4th. We had walked (15 min.) from King's Cross tube station, with our rolling suitcases. When we arrived at the front entrance, it was fully blocked off with college age guys sitting on the steps drinking beer. They were rather rude when we asked to go pass them. They obiously had all had more than a just &quot;one Beer!&quot; We then entered the lobby which felt lovely and cool as it was 75 degrees outside. Check-in was smooth as we were pre booked. The couple ahead of us had not pre booked and paid 66 GBP as advertised on the board behind the front desk. They also received a room on the third floor. We entered our room and cheched the beds and bath for cleanliness. They were fine. The room's decor was clean, fairly new and pleasant. The drape's were wide open and the sun was beaming in so the room was hot and stuffy. My husband spots an Air conditioning unit located under the window and turns it on but nothing happened. Before we unpacked, as we were booked for 4 nights, I went to the front desk to find out why the AC didn't work. The girl told me that some do and some don't. When the hotel was done over they put in new wall heaters and diconnected the old ones that were both heaters and AC but never removed them from the rooms. I then asked for another room with one that worked but I was told that it was saturday and they were all booked up. I asked about changing rooms on sunday and told they were all booked up. You can guess the answer for mon. &amp; tues! I guess the couple that checked in ahead of us got the last room??????? We travel allot so we activated plan &quot;B&quot;! Husband managed to open the interior window which was badly stuck. It was a slider so we now have it opened half the window width. There is also an outer window to contend with. That window is a greenhouse style with a small window on each side that opened about 4-5 inches. We did manage to get them both to open but it was a stuggle as someone before us had damaged the opener's ( like tried to pry them off in order to open the window more than 4 or 5 inches.) There is now a little bit of air coming in due to a slight breeze outside but the sheer curtain doesn't move on the rod so it's hindering airflow. TRICK - take one shower hook off shower curtain in bath and fashion a tie back to solve that problem! Room started to cool off so we decided to have a little nap before heading out for a bite to eat. Now we are confronted with street noise. TRICK - get out the ear plugs that we always bring with us! After a nap we headed out to eat and explore the neighbour hood. Police station is two doors away so no &quot;yahoo's&quot; loitering around the streets of the hotel. We walked the main streets around the hotel and down to Covent Gardens and never felt threatened. The streets had people on them that were obviously tourists like ourselves. The area has lots of eating places and good pubs. Never did eat at the hotel but lots of people eating in the restaurant and food menu prices were same as other places around the area. There is also a Sainsbury grocery store about a 5 minute walk away for buying bottled drinking water and snacks. They also sell good wines by the bottle and beer. Saturday night when we returned to our room, it had cooled off somewhat but was still warm so we took a tempid shower and then removed the bottom sheet off the bed and slept on top of the duvet with just the sheet over us. Police cars and ambulances ran the main streets all night so those ear plugs came in handy. Sunday we refused room service and closed up the windows and heavy drapes to keep the room cooler. The maid was more than happy to give us a clean sheets , towels and coffee. Late sunday evening (hotter than saturday 79 degrees outside) when we returned to the room, it was much cooler than when we checked in on saturday as the sun hadn't been beaming in all day. We opened the windows again to let air in. We were watching the TV and hear a noise in the greenhouse window. My husband investigated it and some one from one of the non smoking floors above us was smoking in the room and using a plastic glass for an ashtray. They then dropped it out the window to get rid of it but it fell into our greenhouse window with still smouldering butts. That was a real turn off as it could have set fire to the curtains had we not had them tied back. We finally got to sleep and were awakened at 3 am. with someone banging persitantly at our door. My husband got up and used the &quot;peep hole view&quot; to see who it was. It was a woman with a cigarette in her mouth. He then asked, &quot;What do you want?&quot; She started cursing and asked, &quot;are you afraid of me?&quot; He told her to &quot;Go away!&quot; She continued to pound on our door for a few more minutes, until we heard a door next to our room open. She then entered that room. It was quiet obvious from what we then heard, that she was a &quot;hooker!&quot; Throughout the night even with ear plugs in, we heard the fire escape door (located across from our room) open and close many times. It seems like a well used passage for travel by loud and roudy people. All the elevators were operational so why not use them????? Very suspicious! We couldn't call the front desk to complain as there are no telephones in the rooms and we do not have a cell phone that works in UK. We felt like sitting ducks. We stayed put rather than venture out into the hall enroute to the front desk. The next morning, I asked at the front desk if they had night security and they told me &quot;no.&quot; Monday and tuesday nights were without incidents but still the room was very warm. At least we had no rain in London on this stay and we enjoyed two nice live productions at Leicster Square. As for the Travelodge at King's Cross, it was great for location and price but be aware that it is not more than a 2 star. I would not stay there as a woman alone but with my husband along we may give it another try at a later date but certainly not when the weather is warm as the ventilation is very poor and the street noise is loud when the windows are open. A ceiling fan and an emergency bell of some sort connected to the rooms would make such a difference. Glad we didn't pay full tilt! We had enjoyed two other Travelodges in UK on this holiday and we praised them in our reviews as they were outstanding for 26 GBP. Sorry we didn't take any pictures as this was the last leg of our holiday's and the camera was filled to capacity. Maybe there will be a next time!	
Jun 19 2006	it's a disgrace	i stopped here in june 2006 along with 5 others has it was my stag weekend i dont know where to start. we arrived on the friday afternoon i had a shower before we left to go on the london eye my phone was dead so i left it on charge we arrived back at around 10.30 pm and on entering the room i was suprised to find the lights on and then it became clear someone had been in my mobile phone had gone my father in laws bag had been turned upside down luckily there were no other valubles in the room the hotel said they had read the lock and there was no entry from anyone and accused me of leaving the door open so therefore they take no resonsibilty they could not show me this reading has it did not print please how stupid do they think i am the police gave a crime ref number and took no other action. we had 3 rooms only 1 had air con working they reponse was to throw free breakfast at us which if you did not arrive at 7am you would be queing fr 1 hour or more the facilitys are way too small for the size of the hotel. the staff did not seem to care about anything please i have stayed in many london hotels and have never had 1 complaint this place is a disgrace in my opinon from someone who is not easily upset or bothered normally think twice you have been warned.	
Apr 20 2006	Noisy but nice	It's common knowledge that for a young person planning a cheap holiday, and in need of somewhere, free of frills and other such nonsense to put their head down for a night, can do no better than a Travelodge.Following the perfect night's sleep at the Chessington Tolworth lodge 6 months previously, I was already a fan of the Travelodge network, and at £52 for two nights amid the usual ridiculous expense of most of central London, I was understandably impressed at the price. However, these special offers do not come along overly often - particularly around Easter bank holiday season, when my stay took place.I arrived quite late via King's Cross station on a Thursday night, and was a little concerned that the Lodge may be hard to find, but needed only to walk from the station for a few seconds, and look round a corner, and the hotel appeared in view, and all lit up, almost opposite the station exit, where the only problem was negotiating through the traffic on about 5 individual pelican crossings to reach it.Staff were buzzing around the easily acessible reception desk, meaning checking in was an entirely painless proceeding, as I'd booked in advance over their very user friendly website.The hotel itself was as much of a maze as the Underground system, and I actually did need the signposts to find my room, which was well hidden away at the extremity of a third floor corridor. The first, and possibly only slight problem was that the first thing I heard inside my room, and very clearly too, was the sound of a station announcement, and, on looking out the window, I got a perfect view of the Thameslink rail station, as well as getting, crystal clear, all the sounds (and smells) of the station. It was perhaps as well that it proved impossible to open the window particularly wide, although the room was a little warm. However, as long as you sleep fairly well (and Travelodge beds are the most comfortable I've ever had the good fortune to encounter), you quickly learn to block out the sound, and, although the Thameslink service does run until quite late at night, I hardly noticed the sound by the second night of my stay, and my room was probably amongst the closest to the platform.Other services in the room included the traditional tea/coffee making services, a TV which picked up the 5 usual channels, as well as CBeebies and News 24 (more channels for those who felt like paying for them) in good picture/sound (useful for drowning out Thameslink rail...), and usual bathroom facilities, where the shower was quite easy to use, but had an annoying habit of soaking the floor. Storage space also appeared a little limited, as clothes ended up being stored on small shelves beneath the table/wardrobe, but as long as it keeps the cost at £26 I guess!As for the quality of the bed, I felt quite refreshed even after an exhausting day on the first night, whilst I slept only too well on the second night - not waking up until almost 10! Travelodge beds come highly recommended for those who know you don't have to go 5 star to discover true comfort!I'm told that despite being a listed building which can't have any cooking facilities at all, some breakfast was available to be delivered to rooms - at a cost. So I didn't have it - being central London, the surrounding area does a good line in food, whether you want a snack with the masses in McDonalds/KFC, or something a bit special in a more upmarket establishment, King's Cross will cater for you somewhere.Also, I did try out the 'cafe bar' one night, though the very high costs put me off anything more adventurous than a coke - which was a lot for the smallest bottle ever, though the bar was a fairly friendly and comfortable environment, and the views from the window were nice for anyone who is still excited by London... or pleased to see something that isn't a rail platform!The King's Cross area gets a lot of bad press, but personally, despite arriving back after 10pm on both nights, I had few problems. There were no signs of prostitutes (save on the cards in phone boxes), and I felt a lot more safe as regards intimidating youths, who would normally put me off walking around at night, as few were noticeable, and London is buzzing at any time, to the extent that you can always feel safe in a crowd. The only problem I picked up on, were beggars (most likely addicts), hanging around outside the station, who are likely to be able to identify tourists, and those who will pity them – and consequently, both who spoke to me came out richer – but keep wits about you when dealing with money in the open, just in case. There is usually a security presence outside the mainline stations, so, as I said, you will mostly feel safe.So, generally, this is an underrated area, which I believe presents few problems to a tourist, and comes recommended to the less affluent market, merely after a very comfortable pillow on which to lay their head for a night or two, without forking out the expected inner-city prices. For anyone capable of drowning out initially annoying background sound (which there is a lot of anywhere in London), there should be no problems with the King’s Cross Travelodge, and I for one am already looking forward to my next visit.	
Mar 28 2006	Convenient location good budget option	We stayed here for one night in March and got an incredible deal of £10 for the night. The rooms were the same as all other Travelodges that we had stayed in and the cleaning and noise levels were ok. There are a few places to eat nearby for breakfast and dinner and the location is great, just a few hundred yards from King's Cross. Would have no problems staying there again.	
Jan 28 2006	No Complaints Budget Accomodation	Just got back from a 2 night stay and feel like I have stayed in a different place to some of the other reviewers. The exterior of the building is old and grand but despite this most of the building behind is fairly new. Our room was fairly small with shower only, but was clean and functional and standard travelodge style. The window faced an inner courtyard and the noise levels were a lot lower than many hotels I have stayed in. The location is excellent for access to Kings Cross Station for travel to anywhere in London.We got this for the exceptional rate of £26 per room per night by booking early on the travelodge website.I think it would be very hard to find good modern En suite rooms in London for anywhere near this price.We have also stayed at the Islington Travelodge for the same rate but this was an older hotel (Ex Thistle), noisier and the standard of rooms was inferior to that of the Kings Cross Travelodge.Tip: use the Thameslink station (turn right out of the hotel front door, then right at the junction and the entrance is 10 yards on the right) to buy your underground ticket and avoid the long queues at the main station, there is a pedestrian tunnel to the underground platforms from here.	
Nov 15 2005	Awful	Hated staying here. Unless you sleep like the dead you will be kept awake til at least 12.30 by the trains. If the trains dont keep you awake the sound of the traffic, other guests or staff will. Im a light sleeper but even with ear plugs in and my head under the pillows i could not sleep. The staff whilst polite are not very helpful either. Which is a shame because the room itself was clean, nicely decorated and spacious. Full marks for a decent power shower though.	
Oct 17 2005 	Just don't...		
Sep 12 2005	Budget basic London hotel		
Jul 4 2005	Average hotel watching the pennies!		
Jun 29 2005 	Clean basic noise from railway station		
Jun 17 2005	Noisy - No Quiet Spots		
May 31 2005	basic and clean hotel		
May 14 2005	Okay hotel		
Sep 13 2004	Only stay if you get a discounted offer.....		
May 15 2004	A place to avoid		
Feb 12 2004	A bit noisy but reasonable and very clean		
Oct 25 2009	Demasiado adolescentes maleducados en un hotel mediocre		
Aug 20 2009 	bon rapport qualité/prix		
Aug 1 2009 	À éviter absoulement malpropre !!!		
May 5 2009 	Cuidado puede que no duermas		
May 3 2009 	recomendable		
Apr 16 2009 	travelodge		
Mar 2 2009 	??????		
Oct 16 2008 	Die Zimmer die nicht in den Innenhof gehen sind ein Alptraum!		
Sep 23 2008 	Hôtel passable		
May 10 2008 	très désagréable		
