Nov 8 2009 	Comfortable Hotel  short walk from Oxford Street	The Hotel is set on a quiet side street , a five minute walk from Oxford Street. Our room was an executive double on the 5th floor. Room was clean and tidy. Lovely comfortable big bed.Decor was a bit tired looking. Had quite a good nights sleep...beware the noisy bottle collections outside which went on quite till quite late and started again at about 8am the next morning. The shower was good, however our bath leaked , which we reported to reception upon departure. All in all a nice stay.	
Nov 7 2009 	Hidden Gem	Booked The Rathbone as a laterooms.com “secret hotel” at a price of £517 for 3 nights (mid week) in an Executive Room.On arrival I was told that we had been upgraded to a Club Room. The reception staff were very friendly and the general ambiance of the hotel was friendly too.The room was quite large with a very comfortable king sized bed, dining table and 2 chairs, fridge, tv/vhs/dvd combo. The state of the décor was very good, if not a little too ornate for my tastes. The bathroom was marble clad, and had a bath with shower over, sink, loo, and plenty of space around the sink for your pills and potions. There were also White Company toiletries (plenty of them), robes and slippers. The rooms also had very effective air conditioning.The location is very good as it is in an enclave with lots of bars, restaurants and cafes within 50 yards. Breakfast was not included in our rate, and seeing that continental breakfast by room service was £14, decided to go to the cafes. The hotel is just 3 minutes walk from Oxford Street and from there less than 5 minutes to the bars etc of Soho. The hotel is on a side road, which means that in an evening there is no traffic noise.We were very pleased with our stay and, I have to admit, that I would not have chosen the hotel as I was not too sure of the location, however I would definitely consider it for my next visit.	
Nov 1 2009 	Massive Bed!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	Arrived on Halloween and was made welcome. Room not ready but they took our case whilst we went out for the day. On our return we went to our room and the case had been delivered. The room was spacious, clean and cosy. The bed was over 6ft wide....the biggest bed I have seen. The room was big and comfortable and we had the standard double. 25 minute walk from theatreland. All in all - superb!	
Oct 29 2009 	Lovely Hotel but be careful of the prices ....	I always stay st this hotel when in London, however, the hotel has started advertizing prices without including VAT (which is new for me). This notably upset many European customers at check-out! Also, be aware that, if you stay in a double-room, and there are two of you, and breafast is included in the price, then they will only include one breakfast. This is unprecedented for me in Europe.	
Oct 25 2009 	ROBAM-London-Rathbone	Great location and above average rooms, but the over all impression is not higher due to a staff, who at best are indifferent to customers. 	
Sep 29 2009 	Perfect location in heart of central London	I've been there twice, once stayed in a single room while 2nd time in a double room. Must say, its location and courteous staff make it a perfect place to stay in London. Not heavy on your pocket too. Though the single room was very small, the double room is ok for a couple. Will always be my preferred choice.	
Sep 25 2009 	Small cosy hotel well placed for the West End	I booked this hotel as a 'secret luxury hotel' on hotel direct website. What I liked about the website was that I could cancel within a certain time if I didn't like the hotel and the booking included continental breakfast. I paid £129.00 for one night.I was looking for a hotel in the west end as I was going to the theatre. I found it very easy to walk around the area and be close to Covent Garden and Soho. I made it to the Donmar in about 15 minutes. The hotel itself was very nicely decorated, friendly staff and good service. There is no restaurant, but on booking you receive a discount card for the surrounding restaurants and there are quite a few nice ones close to the hotel. I didn't take advantage of that and ended up eating at a noodle bar on Charing Cross Road. My room was extremely pretty with complimentary water and tea and coffee making facilities. I had enough room and a comfortable bed. The room was well set out, clean and I felt, good value for money.I would recommend this hotel to anyone for central London, or more specifically the West End. I am returning myself next month with my husband. Definitely a hidden gem!	
Sep 15 2009 	Still a nice hotel but the street outside is noisy	I have stayed here several times and have always liked it. The hotel, staff and brekky are still good but the street outside was pretty lively even on a Monday night. Not lager louts and binge drinkers but the shouting went on 'til 2 am and then the bottle collections started. If you are a light sleeper ask for a room at the back or stay somewhere else! But where, I ask myself. The Rathbone is still good compared to the many really gruesome hotels London has to offer!	
Sep 11 2009 	Great location	We booked this hotel via Lastminute.com and paid a very good price for an executive room in a centrally located hotel in London. We booked two days before the night we stayed, which was to celebrate our wedding anniversary. We arrived at the hotel after a short walk from Goodge Street station at around 1pm. Our room wasn't ready but they were happy for us to leave our bags there, they told us our bags would be put in our room whilst we were out.When we got back at around 5pm, our bags were indeed in our room. We had room 316, which was at the side, towards the back of the hotel, which was as we requested. We had a sofa, large bathroom, flat screen tv, tea &amp; coffee making facilities, bathrobe, slippers, a reasonable amount of storage and a very comfy bed. The bathroom contained a jacuzzi bath with shower over, bidet, toilet and sink with hairdryer and toiletries. The room was of a very good size and we weren't disturbed by other guests at all. As we were out for the evening we didn't spend any time at the hotel other than sleeping, which we did get a very good nights sleep. We didn't have breakfast there as at £13 for continental and £19 for full English, we felt that was a bit expensive. Instead, we walked for 10 minutes to Oxford Street, found a little cafe off the main road and had a lovely breakfast for just over £5 each.The staff were friendly and welcoming and overall, we thought it good value for what we paid. The hotel is very well located, comfortable and clean.	
Sep 4 2009 	Charming but....	Stayed six nights in an execuive suite. Not much space in the room after you have dumped yor cass, but the buildings in this area re quite old and you are really going for location, with a comfy sleep. Just 10 minutes walk from Oxford St / Tottenham Court Rd.Hotel appears to have been recently renovated and it looks quite trendy. You would not be embaressed to say that you are staying there. A sofa bed coped very nicely with a 4-1/2 yr old boy. Separate bathroom (with a bath!), quite ok, even if a liitle old fashioned. Nice double-bed too and all had very nice, clean linen. A complete water failure in the area left us without water one morning, but got a &quot;full english&quot; as compensation, no quibbles.BUT* the nearby bars empty their bottles into wheelie-bins quite early in the morning and the sound just penetrates the room ( we were on the third floor). However, those same bars mean you have a very nice evening scene, no yobbos, just around the corner.I would say &quot; go for it&quot; but don t expect the Ritz!* Internet is charged at GBP6 per hour, whilst over the road, in a small cafe, its free.	
Sep 4 2009 	Very nice hotel	A very nice and affordable hotel in Soho. The english breakfast will however relieve you of ~19 £ which I find to be on the expensive side. The room were very nice, and the style well executed (I hate it when everything seems nice and classy, and there is a clunky old tv set or big ugly wall mounted hair dryer to ruin the overall picture). Minor gripes include occasional noises, which I attribute to old plumbing, and that it seems that the areas most popular pub are just around the corner so there are fair bit of noise from there as well. The pub bit might however be a plus to some... ;-) Otherwise a great centrally placed hotel at relatively quiet location. Comes highly recommended	
Aug 21 2009 	very nice hotel	On the plus side the hotel was the best price i found in london on a dozen websites of four star hotels. it was very very well situated only a five to seven minute walk to the tube; terrific restaurants within a block. our room was surprisingly large for three; clean. newspaper in the morning - bottled water on arrival. the staff was very very nice and my only criticism is that they were not as knowledgeable as to how to get around; where thing were; organized tours as a larger hotel with a bigger concierge service. they tried truly but there were many tourist type things they didn't know; had to google; couldn't find and it was a good thing that we made our own reservations with tour companies before we went on vacation. otherwise it was a very very good value and nice hotel.	
Aug 14 2009 	Comfortable and clean close to theatre	This was our first stay at a hotel in London, the Rathbone was clean, comfortable and quiet. It was very close to the theatre we were visiting (Prince Edward) and did the job perfectly. My only criticism was that I felt the staff could have been a lot more informative, we had to ask rather than being told.	
Aug 3 2009 	Lovely little hotel	Just spent 2 nights in this hotel and, yes the room was small but is was clean and comfortable. It is ideally situated for theatre, shopping and sightseeing. The continental breakfast was lovely with a fab fresh fruit salad and fresh pastries. The staff were friendly and helpful and when I accidentally spilled coffee on the bed the whole thing was changed with no fuss. I would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 27 2009 	fab hotel	I was dreading going to this hotel by reading the reviews of some trip advisor's, loud and rude unhelpful staff being some of the comments. I was very pleasantly surprised. This hotel is lovely when you first walk through the door the decor is very nice with a nice calm atmosphere and with very friendly staff who helped who us with the luggage and brought them to our rooms. The bar area is very relaxing with 24hr service with reasonable prices. Yes the decor of the rooms is a little old fashioned but they are clean and very comfortable and the location of the hotel is right in the center of everything with lots of bars and eateries all around you. As for the noise, what noise the bars around the hotel close at 11pm so you need to head toward the center of london for it to hear the loudness. The breakfast room is also beautifully decorated in a modern way and I would recommend this hotel to stay in london, I certainly will be back.	
Jul 24 2009 	It doesn't get any better!	The Rathbone Hotel is a gem! I stayed for 6nights. The staff is both friendly and helpful. The rooms are very nice, they are clean and the bed linen is exceptional. The bathroom is spacious and the water pressure is wonderful and there is plenty of hot water. Being from the States, this is very important!The location is prime, it sits in a neighborhood with plenty of places to eat and a Starbucks just outside the front door. The Tottenham Court Station and/or Oxford Circus are within a 5 min. walk. I felt very safe even late at night. There is a Pub across the street but there was no noise!If you are on your way to London I highly recommend this Hotel!	
Jul 13 2009 	Great location lovely people	I dont travel much but if I do I wish all hotels will be like Rathbone. The people are so nice and help me a lot, and the rooms are very traditional and cosy. Very good room, big and clean. When I went to airport they help me and called the taxi, good price too! I will come back to London and go to Rathbone hotel again!	
Jun 25 2009 	Just a Noisy Inhospitable Experience. Stay AWAY if you have Alternatives!!	I was really looking forward to my trip to London and I had booked the room at the Rathbone well before I even considered checking TripAdvisor. I would compare this hotel to the clink, but I didn't have to sleep on straw and there were no bars on my windows, although, I will say, this is where the differences ended.First let me say, if you have booked a room here, you just as well should see if you can cancel. It is unfortunate that I am not able to write a more uplifting review of this place, but there is not much brightness to report. The best thing about the Rathbone is indeed being able to check out. I realize that it takes a bad experience for a review to be written, but there was not much hope for a good review as the Rathbone does indeed have a numerous amount of shortcomings. And let me be the first to state, that I DID indeed take up each isssue I had with the general manager before checking out this week. However, to no avail were my concerns heard. I got a very typical PR response and a very inconsiderate reaction to my displeasures which i communicated in a very delicate and polite manner. I feel as if the problems associated with this hotel fall on deaf ears of managment/staff and their true concern is that their public perception isn't ruined and they will do all in their power to take care of this rather than their customers/guests.I am a minister of a church in the UK and my wife is a nurse for the NHS, so we are not picky, selfish or disrespectful individuals. We just expect to receive what we pay for and I must say, it is not easy to be disappointed with this aspect at the hotel. We do not hold our noses in the air when we walk into and out of a place, nor do we consider ourselves elite so it is important to understand we are commoners/average citizens.The Rathbone is in fact terribly noisy, regardless of it being in a central and vital part of London. We have stayed in many more vibrant and happening areas than where the Rathbone is, so there is no excuse for the noise and justification of it being in a prime location. The noise in the area could be easily remedied by the hotel, however it is not and like other reviews of this hotel, it is QUITE noisy all through the night. You would not think it would be as loud as it is, but it is not a good hotel to get a good nights rest. Budget hotels are much quieter than this facility and you pay half the price.We had no problem tolerating the small rooms, small bathrooms and outdated furnishings, what we really had a problem with was inquiring about certain necessities (how to fix the a/c in our room, if we could have more towels, if we could get the batteries in our TV remote fixed). We really felt like an inconvenience to the staff. We hated even having to bother them about such issues to begin with, but some of these were out of our control (battery remote etc.) We were even given a smoking room after specifically asking for a non-smoking room and after asking to be switched we were told all the rooms were sold out and we would have to be where we are until another room opens up (I had called 4 weeks in advance for the non smoking room).In addition, do not be fooled by their internet policies. I read other reviews of guests who said they were overcharged. I can see where they were having problems, the problem is in their pricing and usage policies. We did not seem to need to rely on internet as much as others, but as we did need internet at night to review emails, we found it to be very confusing. I had even taken my laptop down to the front desk to ask the staff to check and make sure I was logged off and to verify I wouldnt be charged for logging off 3 hours ahead of time. Oddly enough, the next day, it did show I was being charged and that I had not logged off. They told me they would have to contact their ISP to get the charges retracted and to make sure I did not go over my time. I am 67 years old, I go to bed at 10pm, I shut off my computer after the desk clerk logged me off the internet. Yet, I was still being charged? Don't be ripped off, verify you are not being overcharged or stay somewhere else altogether. I know for a fact other equally nice hotels in the vicinity do not have the same internet policies or prices. The Rathbone seems to bait and switch on this.I did not find the Rathbone to be hospitable. When I spend 160 quid a night on a room for 5 days, I expect some decent hospitality, an understanding staff (what happened to the customer always being right, instead I feel as though guests are met with resistance here). Even after taking matters directly to the general manager and speaking with them, I do not feel heard. I sense the overall experience of one's stay at the Rathbone provides a diminishing return on value. Please bear in mind, this hotel is NOISY, NOISY, NOISY amongst it's many shortcomings.	
May 29 2009 	Not what it used to be...	This was our third time at the hotel and we left with the feeling that it is not what it used to be. In our previous stay we were upgraded to an executive room and had breakfast included. This time we booked an executive room, and breakfast was not included. The food selection at breakfast seemed to have gone down from what we remembered. Our room was very noisy even though we have requested a quiet room on our booking. Wifi is not included and is highly priced. Location, of course, was and remains excellent (which is why we chose &quot;yes&quot; on recommendation to a friend)	
May 13 2009 	Comfortable Stay - Recomended	I stayed at this hotel for one night on business. The room was quite small but adequate for my stay. It was clean (which is always the most important thing) and the bed was very comfortable although a little on the small size. I ordered the continental breakfast through room service as I had to be up quite early. It was very nice but a little on the expensive side at £13.50. The staff were all very pleasent and extremely helpful. I did get quite a good deal on the price of my room - as I was leaving I noticed the tarriff and the cheapest room was £160. Which I do think is overpriced for the size of the rooms.	
May 4 2009 	A safe bet	I would recommend this hotel because it is a comfortable hotel in a good location. The room had everything that I needed ( including a hairdryer )and felt quite warm and homely. Th ehotel was quiet so that one could sleep well and the breakfast in bed was delight. The only problem was the lounge area did not appear to be staffed all day and when wanting to request a coffee one had to order at reception but there were queues of people there waiting to check out so I gave up and went out of the coffee. Some younger people may think the decor is a little old fashioned.	
Apr 20 2009 	Excellent stay would recommend it	Hi, my husband and I have just returned from a weekend break, staying at the Rathbone Hotel. We can only support the positive comments made in past reviews. We found everything about the hotel - location, room, customer service, breakfast - perfect - no complaints whatsover. I am a regular visitor to London and have stayed in various hotels in different locations around the city and would have no hesitation in returning to the Rathbone, or recommending it to anyone.	
Mar 28 2009 	Overall a very enjoyable stay.	Stayed at hotel for two nights on a theatre break. Room was small but adequate. As recommended by a previous reviewer I asked for a quiet room. I got one at the back of the hotel and it was very quiet.Everything thing was clean. The only problem was that the shaver socket didn't work and they insisted on making us pay a deposit of £10 for an adapter. The adapter then didn't work and they insisted it was the shaver that didn't work. It worked when we got home so obviously the adaptor was also duff. The hotel is close to everything and we were very near a tube station. We were able to walk to the Dominion Theatre.There are loads of eateries nearby from cheap to very expensive and also a Tesco Express!! Overall a very enjoyable stay.	
Feb 13 2009 	Horrible Service LOUD all Night!!! Great Location	The Rathbone is a quaint hotel right off Oxford Circus which is ideal if you need to be close to Tottenham and a tube station. It is situated about 15 minutes from the Oxford Circus Underground Line, 7-10minute walk to Tottenham Court Underground and 5-7 minutes from Goodge Street Underground.I would recommend staying closer to Chelsea if you can afford to do so. I believe there is a Marriott there.The Rathbone's staff were atrocious. Each person I encountered had a very lazy and half-interested attitude. Asking for extra towels was a difficult, I was made to feel as if I was out of line. The guest in front of me was also put off by the staff when she was complaining about the internet over charging her account. She was told she was responsible for all charges, like the previous reviewers about the internet policy, I would have to agree, be very wary of all charges. I did not realize it at the time, but I was even overcharged significantly myself. This scheme of how they have the internet set up is pretty ridiculously and very dodgy. The internet works fine, it is with their billing that is an issue. Pay attention to all the details on your bill. They need to get this rectified as I will not recommend this place to others or to my own friends who are looking for a place to stay in London.The food service/staff was great, they were very assistant and cordial.The rooms are on the smaller side, but that is to be expected for inner city and for London where size doesn't matter as long as you can make do. However, if you are looking for a good nights sleep regardless of room size, do not stay here. The Pubs across the street create havoc and noise each night of the week. Starting from 10pm - 7pm, do not plan to sleep. If you need to sleep any time after these hours, then you should encounter no issues.Overall, stay away from the staff unless you want to feel as if you are inconveniencing someone, pay attention to how you are being billed for internet. It is an easy policy to follow and abide by, however, they will bilk you for extra £££ and blame it on you if you don't keep a watchful eye on their tactics. Don't be manipulated, if you didn't pay for, don't.	
Feb 12 2009 	Excellent Customer Service	I stayed at the Rathbone on business and new nothing of the hotel or the location. I was really pleased with the location and the customer service was outstanding. The front desk was very helpful and the conceirge was excellent as well. Specifically, Pablo who worked in the bar was quite the host. The rooms were a little small, but I moved the jr. executive room and it was quite roomy. I would recommend staying at the hotel.	
Dec 14 2008	Good find- excellent value for money theatre break	This was part of a 80th Birthday treat for my mother. I telephoned the hotel prior to booking the theatre break as mum is not disabled but unsteady on her feet. over distance. They were very good about explaining the layout of the hotel so that I could decide if I wanted to proceed with the booking. I placed the booking and on the internet site made a note that the reason for the trip was mums 80th.I telephoned a few days before to confirm we would be attending a matinee show and would not be checking in before 5.30pm this was noted and I requested that if possible could we be put in a room not too far from the lift but of course not next to it!On arrival the staff member on duty was very professional but not overly friendly and we went on our way upstairs. What a lovely surprise not only were we only a few doors away from the lift but there was a lovely small box of chocolates for mum with a card wishing her a happy birthday and a good stay from the hotel manager,The room was clean, comfortable and for a London Hotel a very good size. The bathroom was so clean and everything provided was top class. The furniture and decor was in good conditiion and there were some up to date London Magazines and other reading material. There was no noise and we had a good nights sleep on very comfy beds, The dining room was on the 1st floor and when we went to breakfast the next morning (a Thursday) it was very quiet. The continental breakfast was very good with a lot of choice, The only negative thing I can say is that the waiters were very young and did hover a lot , sometimes interupting conversation to enquire if everything was alright. Good thing to do but not 4 times in one sitting. They were however unfailingly polite and responded to any request instantly.Checkout was quick and easy and presented no nasty surprises.Mum was thrilled and so was I. Definately would stay again and would recommend to anyone for a short stay.	
Dec 7 2008 	Elegant Charm	I love the area this hotel is located in, which is why I booked it. The hotel was so delightful - it has an elegant charm reminiscent of an old English gentlmen's club but without the stuffy snobishness!Location wise, you are on the doorstep of Oxford Street, but the quiet, sophisticated north side, rather than the vibrant Soho side. Lots of options for dining nearby - whatever your preferred cuisine. And a few friendly local pubs and breakfast cafes too. The room was quite small, but with so much to do in the neighbourhood, that wasn't a problem. The bed was comfortable and the facilities were all we could need. And the all important water pressure through the shower passed the test when many in London don't!The very snug downstairs bar has comfortable chairs that make it the perfect place for a night cap. Finally, the service from the staff at both check in and check out was impeccable. I'll certainly book open to staying here again.	
Dec 6 2008 	good service	just arrived home after staying a night at the rathbourne, we found it good, service was good, staff very pleasent and helpful. although we wasnt in the room for long as we attended a show in the evening. we were to early to book in when we first arrived so we left our luggage and went shopping, when we arrived back this was already in our room. yes rooms are small but everything you need is there, we had requested a quiet room, high floor. it was a lot quieter than the previous night when we had stayed in greenwich and the beds were more comfortable. nice touches with drinks, crisps/nuts, biscuits with hot drinks (expensive but then we found all hotels are the same) but you dont get the little extras.all in all a good stay will stay again when visiting london, we have stayed in various hotels over the years some good some very bad, this is quite good for the price.	
Nov 14 2008 	Very Loud. Very Very Loud. Horrible Front Desk Staff. Did I say LOUD?!	Where could I begin!? We stayed here for 7 days and 6 nights and it was almost as if each night became worse and worse.First let me state that the appearance and atmosphere of the hotel is nice. Very small and clean on the inside. A bit too small for most people who are not on business. The location is nice as it sits off of Oxford and is reasonably near underground stations (Goodge, Tottenham Court and Oxford Circus). The problems begin with all the pubs and restaurants that sit within 50 feet of the restaurant. And believe me, I appreciate the local pub, but the noise level is obnoxious, not so much from the consumers at the pub and restaurants, but for all the street noise after the pub closes at 11pm.Starting about 5am-6am you will hear the loudest and most ear wrenching noise from the pub across the street taking out their trash of empty beer and wine bottles. It sounds as if the stained glass from the Westminster Abbey is crashing down onto the street. It is that bad. To follow this up, the rubbish men come to pick up the trash that has been put out about the same time and then it is a whole different loud noise taking place as they load all this rubbish and haul it away. This happens without fail every morning. Believe me, you will be awake. I am surprised there aren't more reviews of this noise level as it really is tremendously disheveling.Once the trash is picked up, you then need to be fully prepared for the local keg delivery man who arrives between 5am-7am to deliver the local supply needed for the next 2-3 days. He arrives with his large delivery truck, parks it right in front of the hotel, then literally drops the keg onto the base of the truck and then rolls it out upon unloading. I was wide awake from the noise at this point and clearly observed this. The sound of a rolling keg echoing off the walls of the delivery truck is almost equal to the tube train running beneath your hotel bed. It is just awesome! If you want to witness this for yourself, it will be easy to do as it is every morning, including weekends as they are the worst because who doesn't like a drink or two with friends when they don't have work the next day? If you need a good nights sleep, you will get it from 1am -4am as the hotel is the quietest within these hours. Take my word for it.The continental breakfast in the mornings is respectable, although by the time you get to breakfast you will be wanting lunch because you will have already been up for 4-5 hours from all the noise preventing you from sleeping. The breakfast is even better if it is expensed or if it is included in your bill. Otherwise you are looking at 13 pounds for a meal that consists of rice krispies, a fruit salad and yogurt you can find at the local Tesco a block away for 90% less.Now, the true achilles heal of the hotel as I experienced. All the Pub noise is not the hotels fault, however, the Pub noise does make the money you are spending at the hotel useless, especially when there are so many equivalent and nicer hotels right around the corner of equal value who do not have to contend with shattering and clinking bottles until the wee hours or the useless front desk staff. The true ultimate downfall of this hotel is the front desk staff. They are a nightmare. A true waste of space. It is unfortunate they all have not been through hospitality training. The customer is never right at The Rathbone Hotel. What the front desk says and does is the only way. If you have a complaint beyond the noise level, you are wrong. If you have a problem with your remote in your room or the air conditioning in your room, you are wrong. If you want to sleep at night, you are wrong. If you need a cab, you are wrong. If you are overcharged for internet, you are wrong. If you like to breathe, you are wrong. For a weekend getaway or a weeks vacation, most people wish to enjoy their experience and get their hard earned value for their money when they put it forward towards their accommodations, wherever the destination they choose may be, the Rathbone does not provide the return of this value that you are investing in their services and hospitality for your decision and choice to stay here.The internet usage in this place is despicable. Truly a bait and switch scenario which they will try to scam you with. It is a nightmare in cost and in they way they charge you for internet. It is 6 pounds for one hour of internet usage. It is 12 pounds for 24 hours.Now here is the deal, if you go over one minute of your one hour of internet usage time, they will automatically charge you an additional 12 pounds. If you go over 24 hours by one second, they will charge you another additional 12 pounds. The internet does not have a cookie that logs you off from accessing any more of the internet after 1 hour of usage if that is what you have chose, nor does it shut off after 24 hours of usage. YOU HAVE TO LOG OFF for this to take effect. Don't just close your internet browser, DISCONNECT FROM THE HOTEL WIRELESS network COMPLETELY OTHERWISE YOU WILL BE BILLED, even better turn your computer all the way off and leave it off for a few hours to be sure, this sounds ridiculous, but it is the only way you will not be overbilled. You are responsible for it all unlike at most hotels all over the world where when you pay for one hour, you are billed only for one hour or if you want internet for 24 hours, you are billed for only 24 hours. The internet is supposedly not controlled through they hotel. I had a problem going over my internet time even though, I turned off and disconnected from the internet after 56 minutes of usage The next day when I checked out, it said I had been on 88 minutes which was IMPOSSIBLE because I specifically checked the exact time I logged off and disconnected from the internet. The reason I was paying such particular attention was because the day before I was not aware of their policy that the guest has to disconnect and pretty much shut down their entire computer to not be charged. When my bill said 88 minutes and not 56 minutes, I knew at this point I was being taken for the ride. When I complained about a 6 pound charge which I was essentially not responsible for, I was made to look like the fool. 6 pounds folks. 6 pounds. The manager was obnoxious and very argumentative. The issue was not so much about having to pay the 6 pounds it was that I called them out on this. They said it was the guests responsibility. I said, I am not worried about having to pay for this 6 pounds although I should not even pay, but I am more concerned that I am not the only one who is getting ripped off, it is the other guests who do not take a look at the specific numbers or the guests who do not pay attention to their exact internet usage down to the minute to make certain they are not being over billed, which I know they are. If 56 minutes of internet usage = 88 minutes, then I must be the idiot. Pay attention to your charges please at this hotel, especially when it comes down to the internet. I don't think enough people have complained or are aware of how much they are being charged on their bill. Question everything. Then be prepared to be told you are wrong. Now it is ultimately your decision if you want to go through this. I do not think my experience is isolated at this hotel, I just feel I am speaking for those who have not come to trip advisor to review this establishment. If I am wrong, I will buy you a cup of coffee, but if this hotel tells me I am wrong again after pointing out the inadequacies and realities of what take place here, I might sleep in the Pub across the street as the service will be undoubtedly better and I will at least know that my money will go a lot further than what I could get across the street.	
Nov 10 2008 	Very happy to have stayed there	I was very happy with my two-night stay at the Rathbone Hotel in early November 2008. The staff were all very friendly. The room was very clean and very quiet. I was on the fourth floor toward the back of the building. The room was small, but that was OK since I was traveling alone. I had booked several months in advance through the hotel's website and I got a very reasonable room rate. The TV was small and got about 16 channels and four radio stations. Using the internet cost GBP 12 per day. The hotel was within walking distance of theatres and shopping. The bathroom had a shower but no tub.	
Aug 12 2008 	Horrible Staff!!!	The staff at the hotel are horrible!!!when making the reservation the staff at the hotel where very unhelpful!!!	
Aug 9 2008 	Nice Hotel	We stayed here last month for one night. The hotel was nice and clean, staff were helpful, breakfast was very nice. The double room itself was very small, ok for a short stay, but I wouldn't want more than a couple of days in it.The hotel has a good location close to the Westend, and a few mins walk to tube stations.Overall we enjoyed our stay and would be happy to stay again for a weekend.	
Aug 1 2008 	Excellent choice	The hotel has a perfect location; the area is full of very nice restaurants and pubs.3 min walk from Oxford and minutes away from the station.The rooms are small but very clean, nice bed and linens, good bathroom , hot watter and pressure was perfect. nice staff.A/c is not up to American standards.Very good price 99.00 pds a night.	
Jul 28 2008 	Perfect location good hotel	This hotel was a pleasant surprise. A small hotel in an excellent location with good breakfast and reasonable price. The good: Location between Goodge Street and Tottenham Court Road tube stations in a &quot;quiet&quot; back street, lots of restaurants and pubs right next to the hotel, clean rooms, good English breakfast. In addition the staff were efficient and courteous. The bad: Nothing really if you are OK with typical English hotel. The rooms are small, television is old and everything has a lot of character. However everything is both clean and works.	
Jul 10 2008 	Well recommended.	Can recommend this hotel as i've just returned from a short break. The staff were excellent, the location was good only approx 10 minutes walk to the west end. Plenty of restaraunts in the vicinity, the hotel gave us a 10% off card for certain restaraunts which we used for an Italians just 20 seconds walk from the hotel entrance called Da Paulos (Excellent meal). The room although smallish was nice with bottled water as well as Tea &amp; coffee in the room, it was en-suite and had a safe in the room for your valuables.	
May 19 2008	Good hotel in great location	I was a bit worried about this hotel after reading some of the reviews, however had a very pleasant experience. I am a light sleeper and read here that the rooms at the front were noisy so I requested a room at the back. The staff were very friendly and helpful with directions to the hotel and on arriving I found that they had put me on the 5th floor at the back which was very quiet. The room was big and very comfortable and for the money that I paid I thought that this was a great find - in a fantastic location (5 mins walk to Tottenham Court Rd tube station on Oxford Street)When staying in London I would stay here again.	
Apr 22 2008 	Excellent Hotel	We stayed at the Rathbone Hotel for two nights 18-20th April 2008. Check in was very fast and staff at reception very efficient and always smiling. Booked a standard double room. The decor was bright and modern, spotless and comfortable. Breakfast is served in the dining room on the first floor. Again lovely decor spotless and staff very helpful attending to your every need. Food was excellent. Continental breakfast was included. £5 extra for the english breakfast but worth it and it comes piping hot. Great location with lots of resturants and bars right on your doorstep. Oxford Street just at the bottom of the road. We will definately stay at the Rathbone hotel again. Not the cheapest of hotels but great food and very efficient smiling staff helping to make our weekend away memorable.Alan &amp; Gillian Baxter. Liverpool.	
Apr 8 2008 	THE WORST STAY OF MY LIFE!	It was aweful! The staff is not friendly and every request is met with a snarl. They moved us three times during our week stay. They made up excuses for this, which we know are untrue...like the bathroom needed fixed. The problem was they lost our reservation and thus had to move us around. Never again. We checked out early and when to another hotel. They refussed to refund any money and when there were incorrect phone charges on our bill they front desk person said that they had done enough already by not charging us a fee for leaving. WHAT?! They kept our money for the nights stay. To all fellow americans and european counterparts.....STAY AWAY FROM HERE!	
Mar 9 2008	Not the best	Stayed at the Rathbone for 1 x night and was a little disappointed.My room was extremely small to say the least, a single bed near the window. TV was small &amp; tempremental &amp; shaver socket didn't work.The staff were friendly enough and helpful but for the mid-price I paid (£99 per night, not including breakfast), there are better central London hotels than this.	
Feb 7 2008 	Good quality	I had read several reviews of this hotel, with mixed results, I was somewhat worried that it would not be up to the standard.No need to worry, on arrival the receptionist had a gleaming smile and a welcoming approach, without any prompt from myself I was told that I would receive a complementary up-grade from a single to a double.The rooms are furnished to quite a high standard with several little touches like complimentary water.This small hotel is good value form money and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a good night’s sleep!	
Dec 16 2007 	Extremely disappointed	This hotel has a undeserved Four star rating, the bedroom was tiny, the tv was unbelievably small and old fashioned, only five of the many channels worked.The aircon and heating didn't work!, we literally froze and the windows were wet with condensation every morning . The carpet leading to the bathroom didn't quite meet the bathroom tiles leaving a gap. The decor of the bathroom was a complete joke, the door frame had been shabbily painted by a blind man I think, there was blobs of paint left on the door, the radiator has rusty pipes showing and the shower curtain rail was also rusty. The mirror in the bathroom looked shabby around the edges and there was only one toilet roll in the room. The shower head was rusted fast in one position so you couldn't adjust it. We were woken early every morning by the dustmen collecting empty bottles from some establishment opposite (we were on the fifth floor), maybe double glazing could help! On the first day we came back to find the room had not been cleaned only to discover that you have to leave a card requesting this on the door handle when you go out. This despite the cleaning lady still being on our floor from when we went out early that morning., and its not a big hotel!. The cleaning lady then knocked on the door to see if we wanted the room cleaned at that time and reception also rang to see if they could clean the room now we were back, not really convenient considering the room had been empty for near on eight hours whilst we were out! We found a newspaper under our door every morning despite requesting none on checking in. The only positives for this hotel are that we found the reception staff very friendly and the location is convenient for shopping. We always stay in Four / Five star hotels and this hotel is a Two star hotel at most in my opinion. We would not stay here again if it was offered for free.	
Nov 14 2007	A very nice stay!	I stayed at the Rathbone on a 9 day business trip and was very pleased. My room rate included breakfast which was a nice way to start the day. The location is not to be beat with many restaurants nearby. It is also a 5 minute walk to the West End theatres. There was a computer glitch regarding my phone bill that was resolved expeditiously by management. I will definitely stay there again!	
Nov 4 2007 	Not impressed!	How I wish we had taken notice of the other comments written on Trip Advisor! Our experience at the Rathbone was disappointing. We had booked to stay in 3 double rooms from 1st - 4th November at the Rathbone as a birthday treat for our daughter. On our arrival we were told the hotel was fully booked and there were no rooms available until the next 2 nights. Despite having printed the confirmation of our 3 night stay and showing this to the receptionist she denied any knowledge of the booking. The receptionist eventually found us 2 rooms in apartments back across town. These were lacking in the fact that there were no pillows on the beds and the rooms were cold. We returned to the Rathbone the next morning for complimentary breakfast, which was fine. Our rooms were rather small, the air conditioning didn't work properly and we were wakened in the morning with the binmen collecting rubbish in tne early hours of the morning. The staff were very unhelpful and we were glad to leave.	
Nov 1 2007	Excellent staff	Well situated hotel with exceptional staff. The bedroom was comfortable and clean and the breakfast good with plenty of variety.	
Sep 28 2007 	Never again!!	We stayed in this hotel 19-23 September 2007.I have choosen this hotel after reading good comments about its location and friendly staff. Our experience was not great at all. We arrived around 12 pm on 19/09 and were told by receptionist that hotel is fully booked and we do not have room nor for this night not for the rest of our stay. Receptionist tried to call several other hotels but they were either fully boooked or he found them very expensive to move us. I understand that hotel normally pays the rate diff in this case.After 20 mins waiting at the reception desk (it was 3:20 am our local time!)I insited he put us the hotel which is available. Then he found a room for us in Rathbone. What a bizzare coincidence. It was Double room not Twin room we have booked and reservation officer has confirmed it in several (!) e-mails prior to our arrival. We had been never moved into Twin room or offered any appologies for the inconvinience caused. Room was an average size but extremely noisy as it was above main entrance and we were waken up every day at 5 am by the noises of lorries collecting rubbish(incl emty bottles) from the restaurants near by.Ekaterina, Moscow	
Sep 6 2007 	Nice hotel great location	We stayed in a twin room on the second floor. The room was a good size and was spotless. The bathroom was small but was very clean and had plenty towels etc so the size didnt really bother us. One issue was the lack of a fan/extractor in the bathroom but there was a window which could be pushed out to leave in air which compensated for that. The staff were pleasant whenever encountered. We were in London during the 3 day tube strike and needed a cab to get to the West End for a show. The staff advised that no cabs could be booked because of the strike but that they would send one of their bar men to flag one for us as the concierge was assisting some other guests with their luggage. We really appreciated this and felt the staff were being more than obliging. We had a cab in less than ten mins which was outstanding as there was total chaos on the streets as a result of the strike. The hotel is in a fabulous location with too many stylish and impressive restaurants and bars to mention really close by. Noise was not an issue. Hotel is really close to Oxford St,.Covent Garden. The continental breakfast was impresssive and indeed everything was fresh with a good variety. I will stay at this hotel again when in London and would recommend it to others.Tripadvisor member Cork Ireland	
Sep 4 2007 	only one night	I think it's not ok when a 4 star hotel has no hot water:( It really disappointed me...	
Aug 23 2007 	Location location location	This hotel fulfilled its purpose for us very well. A girls' weekend away for shopping and concert-going required a pleasant, clean, centrally-located hotel and the Rathbone delivered very nicely. Our room was well-furnished, clean and comfortable (though the bathroom decor was a little bit in need of freshening up), staff were helpful and there was a good range of choice in the breakfast buffet. The main selling point for the hotel is its location, however. The local streets are brimming with coffee shops, restaurants and bars, most attracting a trendy and affluent crowd and buzzing until late in the evening. We weren't disturbed by noise at night, although our room did not face on to the street. Oxford Street shopping, Theatreland, Covent Garden and Bloomsbury are all within easy walking distance and Goodge Street Tube is a five minute walk from the hotel door, giving speedy access to the rest of the city.	
Aug 22 2007 	Waste of time.	After reading the reviews through trip advisor I decided to book a night at the Rathbone hotel. What a mistake!!! I went for the special offer and booked through the hotel website giving me a free upgrade to an executive room and a few other perks. Ironically they never happened.Despite arriving 15 minutes after check in time, they had no executive rooms available and we were given no welcome drinks. The room was of a decent size but the tv was around 12&quot; small and the remote just about worked. The AC/heating did not work properly and the staffs were very arrogant.Don’t put yourself through the torment and stay away. Absolutely Shabby hotel, max 2* 1/5.	
Aug 12 2007 	Great central area	My husband and I stayed for a two night stay at The Rathbone in August. We booked the Summer Sizzler option which gave us a double room with continental breakfast, complimentary drink on arrival, free bottled water and complimentary newspaper for £99 per night plus VAT. Also this option gave you the chance of an upgrade to an executive room if available.Nice welcoming arrival but unfortunatley no upgrade available due to the hotel being full but welcome drink offered which we decided to take later.We went up to our room which was a nice roomy bright double room on the 5th floor. Everything was more than acceptable. Room safe, tea and coffee etc, hairdryer was all in the room. The next morning we noticed that there was water dripping at the front of the open wardrobe from the air conditioner unit. Not only that, but the water was brown from rust and had gone over my shoes and jacket. We alerted the front desk of this problem and we cannot fault their response. Straight away the manageress came up to our room, offered to help us move to another room, which in fact was a corner suite - lovely room with sitting room area. She also took my jacket away and had it dry cleaned and back in our room by 4pm. She was most apologetic.The next morning when we checked out we were pleasantly surprised that the hotel had only charged us for one night at a cost of £99 plus VAT. They didn't charge us at all for the first night. All in all a very acceptable response, very professional and turned a bad situation into a nice memory of the hotel. This is one hotel which we will definitely return to.	
Aug 10 2007 	good value for money and good area	We checked in to our room and left to go out for the day. Only when I came back in the evening did I realise our room was like a shoe box, I went down to the manager explaining that I could not sleep in such a tiny room and that the aircon wasn't working very well. She was most helpful and the next morning had us moved to a bigger room which I was grateful for. The room was very comfortable, a good bed and decent bathroom. The area that the hotel is situated in is ideal for shopping in Oxford Street and seemed to be in a very central part of London. Great little restaurants and pubs surround the hotel with a higher class of people. As I believe a lot of the LOndon hotel rooms are extremely small I can recommend anyone going to London staying in the Rathbone hotel ask for a double/twin room not a junior double which is too small unless you are a single person.	
Aug 1 2007 	Nice Hotel in great spot	We just spent a week at the Rathbone and it was a nice hotel in a good location. It's located on a side street that's about a 10-15 minute walk to the Oxford Circus station and Picadilly Circus area. There are at least 30-40 nice restaurants within a 2 block radius as well.The rooms in the hotel were very clean and the staff was helpful when we needed to arrange for wake up calls ( the rooms have no clocks so bring your own) or taxis. There's a nice small lobby where you can buy drinks and relax. The air conditioning worked well and there was a small TV in the room.The only complaint is that it is a bit noisy at night because there's a pub and a few restaurants right near the hotel and since there's no smoking in the pubs, large groups tend to gather outside of them and that can be pretty noisy until 11PM or so during the week. We also noticed that the garbage crews would come around every morning at around 6AM to pick up the bottles which was noisy. In my opinion it was an acceptable level of noise but another guest did complain to the manager. The pricing was good compared to most hotels we looked at so I would recommend this hotel to anyone who is not bothered by a little bit of noise.	
Jul 31 2007 	Excellent Hotel	We stayed at the Rathbone for one night in July. There is nothing negative to say about our experience. The location was fantastic with the hotel offering a discount at the local restaurants . Check-in was friendly and hassle free. The room was an ample size and clean and our offer enabled us to enjoy a free drink each in the hotel bar. Breakfast was excellent and the serve throughout was impeccable. We would definatley choose the Rathbone again for another stay in London.	
Jul 26 2007	Fabulous Rathbone	It was our Silver Wedding and we booked a double room at this hotel. From the minute we arrived we were treated like royalty. We were given an upgraded room which was fantastic. A complementary drink on arrival and a very warm welcome. Just had the contintal breakfast which was excellent - plenty of choice.Overall a fantastic experience and I would recomend it to anyone.	
Jul 19 2007 	enjoyed our stay	We stayed in London for 2 nights and chose the Rathbone hotel based on tripadvisor reviews. We got a terrific rate by booking directly and in advance. The room with a double bed was on the small side but it was clean and nicely furnished. Some of the decor was a little tired-ie the bathroom and carpet, but the linens and towels were of quality and the bed was very comfortable. We were very pleased with the location- walking distance to theatre, British Museum, Leicester Square, and the nearby streets were filled with cafes and restaurants(there is a discount card to local restaurants provided by hotel). The staff while not very knowledgeable about events, were very friendly and welcoming. We had a room facing the back which was very quiet and bright. We would definitely recommend this hotel and stay here again.	
Jul 16 2007 	Great location but terrible service	When we arrived the hotel didnt have our rooms. They found our reservation (we booked the rooms over 2 months ahead of our stay at the hotels own website) but they could only offer us a double room for the first night. We had to pay the same price as for the two singels we had ordered, wich I think is crap. Both the double and the singel rooms where tiny, and of poor standard when u compare it to the high price. We will not be staying here again, and dont recommend that anyone else do either. You will get a much better bargain at the St.Giles 100 metres from here.	
Jul 15 2007	Good location cheap price on internet but average hotel	We stayed for 2 nights in London and our main objective was central location. The Rathbone was great for that - easy to walk to west end, soho, covent garden, and 2 tube stations nearby means easy to get everywhere.We got a great rate on expedia 85pounds per night for a double room. The room was a good size, and well furnished. A little dated, but satisfactory for 2 nights.Our only complaint was the service staff were not particularly helpful or friendly, and as english was their second language it was difficult to communicate.	
Jul 4 2007 	Think Rathbone When Location is Everything	I'm a meeting planner by profession and stayed at the Rathbone Hotel on holiday in June, 2007. In reading the reviews posted on Trip Advisor, I noted that they each touch on a single element, either positive or negative, of the hotel. With this review, I hope to consolidate and paint an accurate picture.On the positive: location. The hotel is well situated in Central London, close to two Underground Stops and not far from several West End Shows (&quot;We Will Rock You&quot; is just up the street). It is in a nice neighborhood, surrounded by many excellent pubs and restaurants. It is a short walk from the British Museum and SOHO. The staff are nice.Negatives: Rooms are small and the bathrooms in need of renovation. I was unable to convert the bath into a shower; a call to the front desk yielded a hotel employee--who was also unable to get the shower end of things to work. If you are a light sleeper, this isn't the hotel for you. Several Trip Advisor reviews mention that garbage pickup and disposal is extremely noisey--and they are correct. What you hear constantly is the sound of bottles cascading. You hear this for much of the evening and crack of dawn in the morning. There are no quiet rooms at the hotel. It should be noted that the non-smoking rooms smell of smoke. Finally, the hotel advertises a 24 hour/day pub (part of what attracted me to the Rathbone). This is misleading. The hotel has a small lobby bar that is very expensive. It remains open until 2:00 a.m. weekends and thereafter you are stuck ordering room service. Several hotel guests were put off by this.I would recommend the hotel for location and convenience. Shop around for prices as I got a good rate off Travelocity but not Expedia. With the right ownership and renovation, it could be substantially improved.	
Jun 12 2007 	Great location	Close to Goodge St tube and only about 5 mins walk to the heart of Soho and theatreland.Rooms are a fair size, clean and nice decor, there does tend to be noise from pubs and cafes at night but it didn't bother us, but I guess it could do if you like to be in bed before midnight, likewise rubbish collection seems to happen early in the morning but they are soon gone out of ear shot.Didn't use the resaurant or bar, there is a nice pub a few seonds away and places that serve breakfast nearly as close (£3-4) so didn't see the point in paying the hotels excessive prices. Only eat in adjoining Charlotte St once, at the Curry Leaf Indian, probably one of the worst I've been to for the price, walk into town past Tottenhan Court Rd tube into Old Compton St area for far better fare.I'd stay there again, it's not cheap but then nowhere is with such a central location.	
May 27 2007 	Location Location Location	My boyfriend and I stayed here for a weekend break in May (Sat &amp; Sun night). The hotel was ok - the pictures make it look a little more impressive than it actually is - it is certainly very, very small so you're not paying for space or luxury. We felt we were paying purely for location, which to be honest you couldn't fault! The hotel is a £10 taxi ride from Euston station and from there on is walking distance from everywhere. I've been to London a few times before and always needed to get the tube, but not from this location. It's a 2 minute walk from Oxford Street, a 10 minute walk from Soho / Leicester square and we even did all the other sites (Buckingham palace, Big Ben, London eye, etc) by walking.The hotel room is very basic - no iron or ironing board and no hair-dryer (you need to call reception and ask for these) - we requested a hairdryer but it didn't turn up so I had to use some sort of old fashioned blowing machine in the bathroom which took forever to dry my hair. There were some nice staff here but equally a chap on reception who was possibly the most miserable person we've come across in a customer facing role.Because of the location, we would use this hotel again if the room rates were better (we paid £280 for 2 nights) and that was by searching many last minute deals, and didn't include breakfast.	
Apr 12 2007	Great hotel	Rathbone Hotel, LondonMy sisters and I have just returned from a theatre break in London. We chose the Rathbone from good reviews and were not disappointed. The Hotel was 2 minutes walk from Oxford St but in a quiet Square with little noise during the night. There were many good restaurants within walking distance and the Hotel gave us a discount card for some of them. The Hotel room was average size but well fitted out with good bathroom and luxury soft furnishings. Staff were friendly and helpful though breakfast was pricey so we used the local Pret. Great location if you like to walk to all the central sights as we did. We will definately use this hote again.	
Apr 1 2007 	Quality hotel.	Was here for just one night but would have liked more. This is a quality hotel with good service and spacious, comfortable rooms. The decor is a bit over the top for my liking and some of it was starting to show its age. Fiercely strong shower but the TV was way too small.Food and alcohol were all very good with a 24 hour bar and freshly cooked breakfast. Brilliant location just around the corner from Goodge Street tube.There was some confusion over who was to be charged for my booking (agent's fault - happens a lot) but the reservation staff handled it brilliantly and ensured that everything was properly sorted. This is in contrast to some hotels where they just say &quot;Tough, we'll charge it to your card and you can sort it out.&quot;Definitely stay here again.	
Mar 13 2007 	Good Hotel	We visited this hotel for a weekend stay in December as part of a Theatre Package. We chose this hotel for its location as we went to see The Sound Of Music at The London Palladium. Room was very small but clean and comfortable. Breakfast was quick and good. Check in were a little short and not very helpful. I would stay here again, and recommmend this hotel to others.	
Mar 3 2007 	Excellent Hotel	Stayed for 2 nights (Fri/Sat). Our room was a very spacious double. Decor and cleanliness immaculate. Had all the normal daily fresh towels, soaps etc but also loved the additional free extra's 10% discount card for surrounding restuarants, time out london magazine, newsweek magazine, daily telepgraph. Hotel situated very short walk to Oxford Street, Covent Garden, Soho, Leicester Square. All within 10/15 minute walk so no need to travel on the Tube. All staff were very friendly towards us from check-in to chamber person. All asked if enjoying/enjoyed stay. Very pleased with hotel and would definitely stay again.	
Feb 24 2007 	lovely hotelfantastic location	I booked this hotel as a surprise for my fiancees 30th birthday, through a local travel agent. I was slightly worried at the time of booking as the website did not appear to have many images available, but my worries proved completely unfounded.From the point of our arrival, the staff were attentive and very professional. Check in was efficient. Our room was clean and comfortable, tiny bit small, but we weren't really that bothered, because lets face it why would you go to london for a weekend only to sit in your room!! It was perfectly located for getting around London, close to covent garden, oxford st, and tube connections. Also the bars and restaurants around the actual hotel were lovely, we ate in the area a couple of times (spaghetti house and curry leaf - highly recommended) and the prices were really reasonable considering it was London! On both our nights at the hotel we went back there for drinks in the small hours (24 hour bar - abonus!!), and the staff again were only too pleased to attend to your needs. Lovely bar area with roaring fire etc, just what you need in the cold december weather!Breakfast was lovely, loads of choice and again friendly and efficient service. Even checking out was apleasure, we had done loads of christmas shopping and the concierge even helped us to wrap our big hamleys bag so the handles didnt snap on our journey home, we were able to leave our luggage securely until out train home at 5pm.All in all, I am so glad we came to the rathbone, we are going to london again at the end of march and we are hoping to stay there again if we can.	
Nov 26 2006 	Disappointed	Stayed at the Rathbone Hotel at the end of November and was really quite disappointed. My company paid £142 per night for my stay, which didn't include breakfast, so frankly I was expecting something a bit better than I actually got.Once I arrived in my room, I found that the carpet was threadbare in places and my overall impression was that it was in dire need of a facelift (lovely 70's fern tiles in the bathroom complete with fern motif)! The headboard also had some stains on it so I rang down to ask to be moved. I was told the hotel was fully booked that night but they would move me the next day - no appology was offered. The next day I was duly moved to another room, and surprise surprise, the headboard had stains on it!The rooms were also quite noisy and I could here bottles being collected from the surrounding pubs in the very early hours. Both the rooms I stayed in also smelt quite stale, despite being non smoking rooms.The good points were that the location was good, the bed was actually comfortable and the bedding was clean, as were the towels.All in all, I feel that I could have stayed somewhere much nicer for the money, and won't be making a return visit unless the hotel has a refurb.	
Nov 19 2006 	pleasantly surprised	Stayed at the rathbone for a couple of nights at a bargain price that we found on teletext holidays.Were pleasantly surprised to find that we got an absolutely stunning room as expected to get a basic one for the price we paid.Breakfast was great,staff freindly courteous and helpful. Overall a great hotel.	
Nov 15 2006 	Loved the whole experience	This is a great hotel in a great location. Staff really friendly &amp; attentive, excellent breakfast and good size room with a very comfortable bed. Had all the charm of a smaller hotel, where customers are put first, with nothing being too much trouble	
Oct 30 2006 	A Wonderful Location	This is in a wonderful location in the West End. It is close to virtually all of the theatres. It was only a couple of blocks to the British Museum. Trafalgar Square with its sights was a little further, but still within easy walking distance. We did request a room away from the street but we ended up on the street since they were fully booked, however, noise was not a problem during any of the four nights we stayed there. Our room was well decorated and included a refrigerator and a safe and king-size bed. It was a nice size; however, by comparison the bathroom was a little small and could use some updating. The staff was courteous and helpful. They arrange a private car to Heathrow at a substantial savings over the cost of the taxi from Heathrow to the hotel.	
Oct 6 2006 	Wonderful Experience!!!	I stayed at The Rathbone Sept 25-29. It was fantastic. Room was wonderful, I had a reservation for an Executive room, but believe they put me into a Club room. At least that's what it appears based on the pictures from the hotel's website. Nice sized room, nice sized bathroom with a big deep tub/shower. Location was wonderful. Short walking distance to the underground, and tons of restaurants as well. There's a great pub right across the street. I did not dine in the hotel, so cannot give any feedback to the food. This is a nice, clean, and very classy establishment. I have no reservations at all to recommend this to anyone. Most importantly, I will stay here again for sure when I visit London again. 2 thumbs up for The Rathbone.	
Sep 27 2006 	Good Location; Good Deal	I enjoyed this hotel. Convenient to SOHO, Oxford Circus, and Bond Street shopping. It was actually higher class than what I expected for my short-term stay in London, but it was worth the stay. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom was good size (I understand some rooms have only a shower stall...mine had a nice deep tub). The staff were friendly and requests were responded to quickly.	
Sep 21 2006	Horrible Old Hotel	I am here right now--so run down and disgusting. Don't stay here!!!	
Sep 7 2006 	Pleasant well located reasonably priced	We stayed at the Rathbone for two nights in December 2003.It is well located for shopping (Oxford Street, Charing Cross Road), art (British Museum) and entertainment/eating (Soho, Charlotte Street). Transport is also excellent with the nearby Charing Cross Road tube station.Not much of a beauty from the outside the hotel is fairly pleasant inside. The rooms are far from being big but above average for Central London. Beds were alright as was the bathroom and our room was quiet too.Not cheap but neither overpriced, the Rathbone is reasonably priced - again keep the location in mind.The lobby lounge with complimentary tea and coffee was nice too.The only slight disappointment was the continental breakfast buffet which lacked variety.	
Jul 26 2006	Very nice hotel!	My two daughters (ages 12 and 14) and I stayed here on our way back from Athens and we really enjoyed this hotel. The staff was friendly and very helpful. There was some confusion about the room I had reserved ( I had asked for a room with two double beds but we got a room with only one double bed and the couch did not pull out) so they happily changed rooms for us. We were upgraded to a suite which still only had one double bed but the couch was large so the kids took turns sleeping on it. The suite was quieter than the original room and the bathrrom, by European standards, was roomy although the best surprise was the fixed shower head instead of the ones that you can 'adjust' the height and remove to use as a spray hose...those always seem to slide down to the bottem of the pole for me. The hotel is very close to some excellent restaurants and shops. They were happy to arrange for a car to Gatwick airport and put the charge on the room. We enjoyed this hotel very much and would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 25 2006 	good location good hotel good overall	We returned recently from a long weekend at the Rathbone hotel. we found the hotel to be very good. the rooms where big enough for a twin with two large comfortable beds, the bathroom was a little small but big enough for two people. we had complimentary contenital breakfast which we found to be very good and more than enough. the noise from outside was audible from are rooms (above the entrance) but we all slept well and could only hear it from about 9 am. the bar in the hotel is very small and there is no restaurant but there are lots located beside the hotel as well as bars and clubs. we loved the location and the feel of the area. the hotel is located a short walking distance from oxford street (which was good for us as we where there to shop) and had good amenities. the staff where very friendly and helpful however we had problems when we ordered a taxi back to the airport as they where charging us £80 for six people saying we left it to late. however it appears that the charge does not differ no matter how late you leave it and that the porter may have been gaining from this. Apart from this we really enjoyed are stay at this hotel and would return but will order the taxi ourselves instead of asking the porter.	
Jun 19 2006	A (mostly) good time at the Rathbone	I stayed at the Rathbone hotel for an extended stay - 15 nights, in May 2006. My London cousin had booked the room for me, so I didn't know what to expect. However, she had told me that I was guaranteed for an early check-in, as my flight arrived at 7 AM. So I got there to find that my room was not ready - I had to wait about 90 minutes before I could finally get into the room. However, the front desk people were very nice and get me updated while I waited in the reception lounge area.THE ROOMThe room itself was very roomy for a European hotel, but this is in part because it was an Executive room. The room next to mine was fairly small, so it depends what you reserve. In any event, the Executive was nice, with a desk, three chairs and the usual european double bed - that is, two single beds pushed together. The real delight was the all-marble bathroom, where I had a jacuzzi tub! Came in real handy after a day of heavy sightseeing.THE BREAKFASTI had the continental breakfast included every day. this consisted of coffee or tea, a good assortment of croissants, danish, rolls, cold cuts, cheese, and fruit - both cooked and fresh. The service in the breakfast room was fantastic. I especially want to point out a lovely young woman named Ania, who did her job with such a great attitude and always a smile.THE SERVICEThis is the one thing that could be a little improved upon. Cleaning people would routinely replace the shampoo and soaps long before they were even half-used, which I think is a waste. There's bottled water provided in the room, but it was haphazard whether or not they would replenish it - some days they did, and some they didn't. On the good side, I requested a different blanket and an extra sheet, and it was delivered right away, with a smile. One other less than good experience: I called the front desk to request a 'minicab', which is not the usual black cab, but more of a 'car service'. These are used frequently, especially by businessmen, or for people going outside the downtown area to a suburb (as I was), or to the airport. Well, the concierge didn't know what I was talking about, and started flipping through the phone book looking for a listing. Ridiculous! Every hotel should have a few of these minicab companies' numbers at their fingertips. THE SMOKINGMy entire floor was suposed to be non-smoking. No such luck, but I don't think there's a hotel in all of Europe that enforces that.THE AREAAs others have written, this is something of a noisy area - it's lined with restaurants and pubs. I didn't really mind at all, except for the daily garbage pickups at about 5:30 - 6 AM. Check out Pizza Express on Charlotte Street. It's one of a chain (High Street multiples, as they say in London) but it's really quite good. Also, Marquis of Granby at the foot of Rathbone St. has very good pub food. Again, as others have said, it's very convenient to both Goodge St and Tottenham Court Road Tube stations, but a bit of advice - use Goodge St. whenever possible - it's a much easier station to navigate than TCR.Also, right on Goodge St. is the closest Internet location, downstairs from a candy/magazine store. You can buy 5 hours worth of internet time for 4 pounds, and use it over 15 days.OVERALLThe room was nice, the bathroom excellent, the breakfast was good, the service mostly good, and the area convenient, if not posh. I would definitely return to the Rathbone Hotel.	
Jun 9 2006	Excellent location nice hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Rathbone hotel for one night whilst seeing a show. I picked the hotel because of it's location and it looked very nice on the website.The location was perfect, oxford street within walking distance. Some very nice pubs, cafes and restaurants situated close by. We highly reccomend cafe uno if you enjoy italian food.As for the hotel, check in was uneventful. Was dissapointed to discover that breakfast wasn't included in the price. We stayed in a junior double room which was small but comfortable. It was perfect for only one night. On check out we were able to leave our bag with reception as we had a few hours to kill before going home. Overall a nice hotel which suited our needs for our trip. Wouldn't reccomend a junior double room for stays over one night.	
May 21 2006 	OK - but very noisy	Stayed here for one night on business. It was Ok, nothing more. There were some issues on check in, same booking reference, but in the name of a different person with a different room rate. The staff were fine and pleasant about sorting this out, but I could have done without the phone call at midnight to tell me they had identified the problem! It's in a good location for travel and food/drink - but this has its downsides (see below).The room was OK - large, clean and with all the usual facilities, the bathroom was a little tired and quiet small. The main problem was noise. I had a room at the front of the building and though I didn't check in until 10.45pm, it was incredibly noisy outside. The hotel is surrounded by pubs, bars and restuarants, and on a warm day in May, these were all open out into the street. Customer noise was soon replaced by closing up noise, then bottle collection, then rubbish collection. It's impossible to shut out the noise as the rooms do not have air conditioning and it was seriously hot. At 5.45am I gave up and got up! So, make sure you ask for a room at the back.	
May 10 2006 	Good deal and excellent location	I was in London for work and stayed at the Rathbone for 12 nights. It fit the budget and was in an excellent location. Bathroom was nice size, double bed room was fine for a single person but could be tight if for a couple. The wireless internet cost was a bit steep (£6/hr) and the lack of mini-fridge was inconvenient for my long stay. Plenty of restaurants on Charlotte St to chose from and a Tesco grocery store just a 2-minute walk. It's a longish walk to the nearest laundrette though. Downside is that Rathbone St in the morning is extremely noisy!! I could hear the glass bottles being chucked outside every night and then every morning could hear the glass bottles being crushed by the garbage truck. Needless to say I didn't need the hotel wake-up call... Overall, I'd go back but ask for a room not facing the street.	
Apr 16 2006	All round good hotel	Stayed at the Rathbone Hotel for the night of 14/04/06. Easy to find, allowed to check-in earlier than time quoted (this may have been our luck). Staff were v. friendly and the room, bathroom and general standard of the hotel was really good. Room was spotless and couldn't be faulted. Location was great for main West End attractions. Was a bit dubious following previous bad reviews, however, pleasantly surprised and will definitely stay there again.	
Apr 15 2006	Great for a weekend in London	My wife and I were really pleased with our 2 night stay in the Rathbone Hotel, which is just off Charlotte Street.The staff were friendly and helpful and although our double room was compact, it was clean and comfortable and everything worked. Breakfast was excellent and served up to 11.00. The location is great, with several restaurants and pubs/bars nearby and Oxford Street only a short walk away. It's only a 15 minute walk to Covent Garden, Leicester Square, Theatreland and Soho. If you don't want to walk, the nearest tube station is Goodge Street which is about 250 meters away from the hotel and only 2 stops from Leicester Square.We will stay there again next time we are in London to see a show.	
Apr 9 2006	Excelent	Stayed in the Rathbone Hotel for a night, while seeing a West End show. Really could not fault it. The hotel is in a excellent location, just north of Oxford Street set among lots of good pubs and exotic restaurants. Room was big and modern, and the breakfast was fine. Will say there again.	
Apr 8 2006	50th Birthday	I requested flowers to be in the room on our arrival for my wifes 50th birthday. Not only were they there but they were beautiful!!Reception were very careful to hide the details so my wife did not see the cost.The room was very comfortable with quality fittings and fixtures. The Continental breakfast was good ( I would have preferred the full English but was not told of its availability until I had booked the Continental). Otherwise a thoroughly pleasant stay, the staff were excellent and the location ideal for our needs with easy parking within 10 minutes at reasonable rates.Throughly recommended, we will stay there again.	
Apr 7 2006	A very Plesant Surprise	My wife and I after much research decided on staying 2 nights at this hotel.Our main decision was that it was airconditioned and there was an elevator as we've been caught here before with having to carry our luggage up many flights of stares. Yes, you can get warm in a room in London without air conditioning. From my wifes point of view it needed to be close to the Theatres as we were only in London for 2 nights.Checkin was very easy and the staff welcoming. Our room was large with a very comfortable double bed and the bathroom more than adequate.Stays in other London hotels previously had left us dissapointed with room sizes etc.Our Airline misplaced our luggage but we advised the reception staff and on our return from shopping they had taken the bags to our room.There are plent of choices on where to eat in the surrounding streets and I can say that the Pizza Express just around the corner does a mean pizza.The location is excellent for theatres and the closest ungerground we found was Tottenham Court Road on Oxford Street, just 5mins walk away.You are a 10 min walk from the Leceister Square Ticket booth for cheap same day Theatre tickets also.All in all, I would recommend this hotel and I would consider staying again on my next visit to London.	
Mar 22 2006	A Fantastic Hotel!	My partner and I stayed at the Rathbone for a weekend in Feb 2006. The hotel is absolutely fantastic - we had an executive room which was huge and beautifully decorated. The bathroom was a bit on the shoddy side (cracks in the tiles, spa jets not working in the bath) but the rest of the room made up for that. The room service menu was quite pricey but the hotel's location is fantastic - there are so many restaurants around to choose from and there is a Tesco just round the corner. Definately one of the best places I have stayed in London for under £100 a night.	
Mar 21 2006	Great for a weekend break	I loved this hotel. It has a warm and welcoming feeling the second you walk through the door and this mainly comes from the friendly staff.The rooms are clean and comfortable and the suites are fantastic.It is a great place to stay for a weekend as it is close to oxford street and has a tube station close by.	
Mar 13 2006	Family Get-Together	I was in the party that stayed last week and wanted to tell other trip-advisor members that we throroughly enjoyed our stay at The Rathbone. Good Value and comfortable.	
Mar 13 2006	Family Reuinion:We had a Wonderful stay	Our family stayed at The Rathbone Hotel in London and were looked after very well. We hope to visit here again.	
Mar 8 2006	Absolutely fine - the Rathbone Hotel	After reading poor reviews, I was worried, but was pleasantly surprised by this hotel. Very well situated just off Oxford Street, the Executive Double room we had was clean, spacious and comfortable. Staff were coureous, friendly and very helpful. Continental breakfast was plentiful and tasty.A small lounge/bar, but so many places round about as an alternative. Room service good. No parking on-site - NCP close by. Little outside noise. We stayed just the one night on a quick break, and would return.	
Feb 15 2006	Convenient and comfortable	Stayed at this comfortable hotel recently and found it to be a conveniently located and comfortable 'home from home' base during my stay in London. Staff very attentive and helpful and I would choose the Rathbone again when visiting London. Thank you to all at the hotel who made me feel so welcome.	
Nov 24 2005	absolutly loved it	Great hotel, excellent rooms. I'd say this hotel made me feel welcome. They had excellent room service and pleasant staff that told us everything we needed to know. Great people. I am very likely to return to the Rathbone hotel and will definitely recommend it to friends and colleagues	
Nov 23 2005	Welcoming traditional hotel	Stayed here for 2 nights in November 2005. Found it to be a nice old-style hotel with a warm welcome from the staff.When we arrived at the room, we found it to be cosy but too small. When requested to move, the staff at reception were extremely helpful and had us moved to a larger room. We were pleased with the new room.Breakfast was quite nice. The perfect start to a day of sightseeing. Compliments to the chef!The location was great, within easy reach of everything. I would definitely return to this gem of a hotel.	
Nov 23 2005	Excellent service fantastic staff Absolutely magnificent	I was at Rathborn for very short visit and I must note the excellent service by confident staff. A very rare to experience at this type of hotel in London.Although the hotel is dated and in need of updating, everywhere seems to be very tidy and kept well. Check in was very fast, few minutes, and very personal. I was addressed by the name, which was marvelous. In-Room reading materials and information about weather was excellent touch together with information about London. Very polite housekeeping staff who says good morning to you and never seen dirty laundry lying around in corridors.Breakfast staff, again, was wonderful and polite service. It looks as though their job depend on your happiness.Marvelous location coupled with excellent service. If they managed to update the property and keep the staff, could well be one of the best hotels in London.	
Nov 5 2005 	Left before I stayed!	Arranged to stay one night having been assured over the telephone by the staff at the hotel that the TripAdvisor reviews were not accurate and any doubts about the standard of accommodation would disappear when I arrived and saw the place for myself.My main reason for booking the hotel was the location, ie easy access to Covent Garden and Soho.Immediate impressions of the Hotel when I arrived were that it was very dated, worn, and shabby considering it was a four star.My impression did not change when I visited the tiny single room with an equally tiny en suite. The wallpaper was torn, paper stuffed into holes where radiator pipes were protuding, silicone missing from the tiles around the shower and basin and corroded sink taps. In general it was well run down. On top of that, the cold water had been off for several hours before hand and several guests had been complaining on my arrival. To be fair to all the staff they were fantastic and did everything to assist. They offered me an upgrade to an executive double room but again, it was exactly the same but only slightly bigger.I made alternative arrangements and was not charged.Try the KingsWay Hall Hotel, for slightly more money the accommodation was first class.	
Sep 20 2005 	Great Location Tiny Tiny room	I stayed 1 night for business and the room was very tiny! but the hotel was friendly and clean. The location was good but it lacked some of the nicer things like a pool etc.	
Sep 18 2005	GREAT LOCATION	After reading other reviews we were very aprehensive about our visit to the hotel,which our family had booked for a theatre break as a birthday treat. True some things may be a little tired but we were only going to be there for two nights.Everywhere was very clean,the bed was very comfortable shower may look past its sell by date but gave a super shower.The toiletries were filled up daily, clean towels daily. We found the staff to be most helpful and very polite.The breakfast was excellent and all in all we were most satisfied and would return.	
Jul 4 2005	Awful Awful Awful	My mother booked this hotel as a gift for my birthday and I consulted Trip advisor before staying. I was a little concerned and contacted the hotel for reassurance. But the reviews do reflect the standard of this hotel. Awful.When we checked in we were told that our cases would be taken up to our room. We went off sightseeing and on our return (5 hrs later) our cases were still in the lobby.Once we opened the door to the room, it all went downhill. The room was small and smelt damp. There was no cover on the duvet, just 2 sheets wrapped around. The bed base was threadbare and tiny. The bathroom was poorly finished, tatty and dirty. We asked for a map to the theatre and the staff were less than helpful, resulting in us wandering around aimlessly in search for the theatre. We came back to the hotel for drinks and the prices are extortionate. You would think with this income they would invest a little more TLC.Breakfast was a cattle market with you being squashed up on a table. The staff have little command of English. In summary, more like a 2 * hotel with 4* prices	
Jun 13 2005	Not what I expect from a four star....	First impressions of the hotel were great, nice reception and pleasant enough staff.However the room was tiny, really damp and the bathroom had not been cleaned. The location is great though! Breakfast was a joke, none of the staff spoke English well, and I waited 35 mins for a cooked breakfast which never arrived. In the end I had to take my 9 year old daughter out for breakfast,even though we had paid for b &amp; b, as we were due to catch the train home that day. Despite complaining to the head waiter, they didnt even refund the cost on my bill. Wont be going back!	
May 18 2005	Unhelpful Staff.	My daughter left her expensive mobile 'phone in bed covers. When we returned to room...no where in sight. The hotel was not very interested. Depite frequent calls after I left hotel, I did not receive a call back from the hotel.I found very few members of staff ( if any) to have a good command of English.	
Apr 28 2005	Very good value	In January we stayed for three nights at this hotel and it was very clean and comfortable.The staff were all friendly and helpful.When booking we were offered a very good price and I feel it is fair to say what good value our stay was.The hotel is ideal for shopping and theatres in the West End.	
Apr 18 2005	Good service	Returned from a three night weekend stay at The Rathbone Hotel in a very comfortable suite.The bed is quite possibly the most comfortable hotel bed I have slept in and the bed linen was of high quality and very clean.The suite was a good size with a large TV and small but useable table with two chairs. The bathroom could do with some updating (the shower) but overall was very functional and, most importantly was clean with hot water that was hot and cold water that was cold - quite rare in some establishments.Breakfast (Full English - £5.25 extra) was very good with ample amounts of coffee and toast.The concierge and all staff were very polite, helpful and courteous without being overbearing.I would recommend this hotel and would consider it again for a London break.	
Mar 31 2005	Overrated	Just returned from a 5 night stay at the Rathbone. The location is great; you can walk many places. But unfortunately, this hotel looks much better on its website than in person. The worst problem was the ventilation, or lack thereof. We had a non-smoking room but smelled smoke most of the time. The AC unit blew musty, smoky air into the room through a filthy filter, and the window only opened a crack. The service here was good but not particularly friendly. I'll look elsewhere on my next visit.	
Mar 8 2005	Great discovery		
Feb 20 2005	Boutique Hotel that lives up to the name.		
Jan 17 2005	Oh dear Oh dear		
Nov 30 2004	Great location superb hotel		
Nov 8 2004	Great Hotel Hostile Reception		
Nov 1 2004 	What a Hidden Gem - Fantastic!		
Oct 9 2004	4 Star Deluxe - are you having a laugh?		
Oct 4 2004	Great Catch		
Sep 15 2004	Simply Perfect		
Aug 10 2004	Great place but don't tell too many people!		
Jul 20 2009 	Hotel calme et bien placé		
Jan 9 2009 	Hotel très sympa		
Jun 10 2008 	buen hotel		
Jan 16 2008 	Merveilleux hotel		
Mar 28 2007 	No esperaba un hotel tan bueno en Londres		
May 21 2006	Pas satisfait		
