Nov 19 2009 	should have trip advised it first	We have just spent 3 nights at the Royal Norfolk Hotel in Paddington, Great location but unfortunately the Hotel lacks quality in an abundance and needs alot of money for a drastic refurb. The carpets are mainly thread bare throughout and are of a very poor quality. Our room was on the 3rd floor even though we had requested ground or first floor. The room was poorl, tatty fittings no tv remote, There was not a suitable table or area to boil a kettle which was dangerous someone could scold themselves if not careful.The window wouldnt close properly, the curtains are damp, the shower was in only what i can describe as a walk in wardrobe and the toilet well, it would flush only with an effort, and it seemed to make funny noises as well as smells all by its self. When in the shower it was so old the controls are not readable it worked but justWe asked the next morning to be moved we looked at a room on the 2nd floor at the back of the hotel well it was awful so we went back to our original roomThe breakfast was ok but why are mushrooms cooked in garlic at breakfast ? And orange juice is more like squash generally not wonderfulWe had arranged to pick our luggage up later on departure,The cases are kept in a locked cupboard ground floor, On our return we both used the toilets downstairs they were an absolute disgrace 100% filth we have never seen toilets like this before. How can they be left to get in this state what are the managers doing. This was my last image off leaving this Hotel .Never to return	
Nov 1 2009 	Stay at your peril	This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. It bears absolutely no resemblence to their web page. I arrived with my 8 yr old daughter en route to Heathrow and was allocated a 3rd floor room which was horrible - dingy, cupboard sized. What carpet there is in this building is thread bare and sticks to your feet - literally. There is no lift and despite being on the 3rd floor you actually have to carry your own luggage up at least four flights of stairs.My request for a 0530 call was met with &quot;we don't do early morning calls&quot;.It is horrible, horrible, horrible, a total rip off!	
Oct 19 2009 	check the toilets first!!!	Although we've been to London many times, we never had a hotel with toilets as dirty as the Royal Norfolk hotel.Our room was nice and clean, shower was ok. But when we checked out i had to go to the toilet one last time. I was sent to the toilets at the Hotel lobby. Check for yourself how they looked when i got there!!!! We were also told there was a full English breakfast served, but when we asked for it they made us pay for it. We were told, the English breakfast wasn't included with the room we had!	
Sep 13 2009 	If your not fussy it's not bad	We rented two rooms, one for us and one for my husband's folks. We paid 65.00 pounds a night. Not bad considering other hotels were charging 135 pounds that were not much better with no breakfast. Location was great, breakfast was ok for being included. Our room was quite spacious with King Size bed and full bath. It was rm 131. The other room was very small though. The hotel looked shabby, and needs a bit of fixing, but we found it really clean. They cleaned everyday. the hotel staff was friendly but didn't speak alot of English we found. Location was great with the underground so close. If you are used to the size of European rooms in places like central London, and your not expecting the same standards of a US hotel for the price, then I would recommend this hotel as I would stay there again.	
Aug 22 2009 	Never Again Bed Mites	Stayed at this 'hotel' for 4 nights. As regards to location great but the buck stopsthere. The room 232 was on the second floor with no lift. It was small, the carpetspityful and the 'en-suite' shower was a joke. A broom cupboard.The sheets were never changed and everday dots of blood appeared on the sheets.When my husband and I arrived home both our bodies were covered with mitesbites. Been to the doctor and after 8 days we are still suffering the consequences.Lotions, antibiotics and lice treatments. WHAT A SHAME. HYGIENE NON EXISTANT!!!!!	
Aug 13 2009 	small not pretty but cheap and a very convevient location	This hotel has tiny bedrooms and an even smaller bathroom but for a negotiated 65 Pounds per night it is good value, and bedding is clean - don't expect 5 star for that price. Continental breakfast is the same as you find at most Europe hotels and is included in the price. Yes the lift doesn't work so when we went back to stay for the 2nd time we only booked again if they would give us a 1st Floor room - no higher floor than that, and that was what we got. (1st trip we got the 3rd floor room and I wouldn't go back if I had to walk all that winding stairway again ) The location is right across the road from Paddington station and walking to Hyde Park &amp; beyond was easy. Hop on hop off bus stops at their front door. So if you only want somewhere to sleep at night it's good value, but if you want to spend time in the room during the day, maybe look elsewhere.	
Jul 6 2009 	Horrible bad value for money TINY claustrophobic rooms.	Just do not stay here. Its awful value for money.. location was fine - but the room was so small that two people couldn't pass each other without backing into the bathroom. The breakfast was bad too.. everything handed to you at once including cheese single slices which tasted of rubber. The hallways were dark and dingy and the bathroom was falling apart.	
Jun 20 2009 	Most Horrendous hotel we have stayed in	On our arrival at this so called 3 star hotel after a 2.5 hour train journey,we were informed that our room was on the 3rd floor and that the lift was out of order( we have since discovered that it has been like this for at least 6 months).There was no offer of assistance with our luggage and we therefore had to struggle up 6 flights of dangerous stairs which had badly worn carpet and no grippers in places.Each flight of stairs held its own terror.bearing in mind we had no idea where we were going.Through a door which opened towards you,not easy when carrying luggage.We eventually made it to our room where it took 5 minutes to open the door due to the lock being faulty.When we entered the room it looked nothing like any room in theyre advertisments.part of it hadnt even finished being painted.the en-suite (HA HA) was just about big enough to stand in.The bath looked like it had never seen Cif or Cilit bang.The sink had a large chunk which had been broken off and glued back in,the lavatory flushed on occassion,and if you had a bath and turned on the hot tap it was almost impossible to turn it off again.The carpet in the bedroom was as badly fitted as the stairs and to this moment we are not sure if it was supposed to be blue or black as it was so dirty.The T.V with 15 freeveiw channels was an old set with no remote and only 5 channels all of which were in green as the colour tube had gone.Although we were across from other buildings we could not close the curtains due to a fault on the rail.The windows which were old sash windows rattled and the whole sleeping experience was almost non existant due to the second world war mattress which we had to sleep on.All in all one of the most terrible hotels we have ever stayed in and we would urge anyone wanting a pleasant break in London to avoid this hotel at all costs.	
May 24 2009 	don't go there!	shabby, noisy, horrible carpets, small rooms, you can hardly move in them. Horrible bath room with very noisy ventilator.Everything is in need of renovation!Breakfast was terrible: white toast with depressing jam and melt cheese, you put inside a hamburger bun.	
May 13 2009 	Was ok for what we paid for but won't be staying there again!	Good points: Location, price and good travel links and the breakfast in the morning.Bad points: The staff seemed not interested at all we were lucky to get 2 words out of them, the room was very outdated and needed moderising, the bathroom itself was clean but grotty, the enamel coming of the bath, no shower screen and dampness all over the place. Also the locks on the door were far from secure. I am a small girl and I am sure with a hard enough push the door would have broken open! It satisfied our needs for our time in London but I will be choosing a different hotel the next time I visit London.	
May 7 2009 	Not bad for the price	This hotel is nothing special but if you are looking for somewhere to stay for a couple of days in London and are only looking for a hotel to leave your bags at and bed for the night then this hotel woud be fine! The location of the hotel is excellent, just across the road from paddington station! The hotel was abit shabby but the room I stayed in was clean so I was happy enough! If you want a cheap stay in London and dont expect too much this hotel will be for you!	
Apr 28 2009 	Very nice Hotel good location	Nice hotel, but we miss the lift very much. Please get a new one.	
Apr 19 2009 	Absolutely horrendous - never again!!!!!!!!	How can this be a 3* hotel? The whole place needs refurbishing. The carpets are threadbare, the single rooms we had were exceptionally small and the shower/toilet room too small for comfort.. When we asked how we could get some hot water in the shower we were told to run the tap on the wash basin for ten minutes first because the boiler was in the basement! The lift did not work and my friend was on the 4th floor. The bed linen and towels were clean and the staff friendly and helpful - we felt sorry for the staff having to work under such awful conditions! My friend and I spent as little time as possible in the hotel as we could not tolerate it.	
Mar 30 2009 	Never Again	We stayed at this hotel for 6 nights at the beginning of March. During the entire time we were there the elevator was broken and we saw no signs that they were attempting to fix it. We had 2 rooms and asked to be on the same floor. While we were assured we were, to reach one room from the other you had to go out on the roof and cross a bridge (ie. fire escape) While overall the hotel was clean it certainly could stand to have some upgrades to such things as the carpets. The bathroom, what appeared to be module units stuck in the rooms as an after-thought, was barely big enough to accommodate one person. While I would like to say that the location next to Paddington Station was a positive unless you are on the street side of the hotel you will hear and feel the trains.Even if I was only going to stay one night for the convenience of trains I would think twice about stay here again.	
Mar 1 2009 	Standard Hotel - Central Location	Standard english old style hotel. Good location, near paddinton tube station. No lift, rooms are small and furnishings are old. Basin without. mixer tap. Bed sheets are stained. just enough quality/price.	
Dec 16 2008 	Don't Book this Hotel !	This hotel is very well placed for Paddington but that is all it has going for it. It was shabby. The room was very small and the en suite was a cupboard . The lift was broken so we had to carry our cases up 3 flights of stairs .Yes it was cheap but in future we will be paying a little extra for something better - there are lots of hotels in the same area and some of them must be better than this one !	
Dec 8 2008 	? hmmm Think I'll say get what you pay for	Me and my partner stayed here for a couple of nights to have a xams break....The good.Staff at check in were polite and helpfullThe location for Paddington station was brilliantThe BadMy partner went to grab a breakfast coffee on the first day (I was still getting ready), now he is not fussy (at all) but when he returned he put me and him off for the duration of our stay, mainly the quality of food/cutlery but also queues, too close to each other at tables - we got some lovely stuff in town insteadThe hotel is in DIRE need of renovation - the stairs are warped from, I can only assume decades of use - the carpets are old/fusty - the screws holding the carpets down to aforementioned stairs are not doing their job, lol. - The lighting all over the place is similar to the Tower of Terror at Disney .The door frames need stripping and repainting and, I know I'm being fussy now, but none of the interior matched - all felt like a botched job!The room, now where do I start....... size I can deal with - but a 4 inch step into a wardrobe bathroom, where my 6 foot partner could barely squeeze in, not so much. A 4th floor room with the old wooden frames and single sheet glass that literally howls the icy wind and local sound effects through, not for me either. The fact the bed actually leans to one side so my partner slept on me, &amp; the manky fur throw rug that we thought was decorative - but alas for for heat on the bed! Hmmmmm not goodAlso - maybe just when we stayed - but the lift was permenantly broke - so a 4th floor room = Two flights of stairs upOne zig zag landing through 2 sets of doorsTwo flights of steps down (yes down)One more small landingThree flights of double (warped) steps upThen through the 2 magic doors to our roomPhew.........Try doing that after a day on foot/tube + Harrods and Selfridges bags of shopping LOL We basically got a hotel, near a tube, that was as practical as a safe in a tent - if that's for you - be my guest.We will pay extra next time R x	
Dec 6 2008 	Worth Staying for the price	Very close to paddington, tube and only L13.90 round trip from heatrow apt by heatrow connect. Big Bus tour bus is just in front of the hotel, L24.00 for 2 days and can tour the sights in the city of london. Bathroom is small but typical in such places in europe, can live with it. Clean bed, sheets and towels to use after a whole day tour, of course that is all you want a good place to sleep. and of course a good heavy breakfast to start your day. only down side was the elevator was broke when we check in and check out. for a 2 star, thumbs up.	
Nov 14 2008 	Excellent Location A Pleasant Stay!	We were offered a double-bed room called &quot;Duke of Wellington&quot; on the first floor. It is spacious and the bed is very soft and comfortable. The toilet is big and the breakfast is acceptable. It is perhaps the best hotel we've stayed in London, in terms of price and location. It is conveniently located at the opposite of tube station, just 1-minute walk. The only problem is that electricity supply seems to be not very stable. We are told that in rare cases the room runs out of electricity supply. Other than that, we are happy to stay with this hotel.	
Oct 31 2008 	Good review	I read other reviews on this hotel and was a bit concerned about it. I have to say that my experience at this hotel was absolutely fine. The hotel staff were very helpful and I stayed in a triple room which had loads of room and was spotlessly clean. The english breakfast was excellent. For the price this hotel is great. I would highly recommend and would definately stay there next time I visit London. Great position for Paddingtom and the tube.	
Oct 6 2008 	Shabby hotel	Hotel room clean but like the rest of the place poorly maintained and seriously in need of updating. Light bulb out in bedside lamp - lamp put aside so room maid must have seen it previously. Curtain hanging down. Window would not shut leaving gap. No remote TV [although not far to press buttons!] I could go on.Lift not working which from previous reviews is a regular problem.Breakfast fine although people queing to get in small b'fast room after us [8:15].Main plus point for travellers like us coming from Heathrow is location straight opposite Paddington. Able to leave cases so were able to make most of the trip. Good bus service and tube into centre.Was disappointed receptionist wouldn't print our on line boarding passes though it was v quiet when asked. There is an internet cafe over the road however.Budget price = very low budget hotel.	
Oct 1 2008 	AVOID THIS HOTEL AT ALL COSTS	Stayed at this hotel prior to flight from Heathrow the following day. Chose it because of its close proximity to Heathrow Express from London Paddington.This hotel is a disgrace. Carpets worn and smelly. Didnt have any sleep at all because the bedroom &quot;shook&quot; every 3/4 mins with the underground trains. Would have had a better nights sleep on a bench in Hyde Park. Just what you need before a long flight the following day.On leaving, put our cases in the lift and the lift got stuck,. Rang the alarm bell 5 times and Reception just ignored our calls. in the end carried them down the stairs ourselves - with a struggle.Breakfast a shambles.Room small, smelt, w/c shower small even for a cat.Staff were rude and offhandStay at this place at your peril	
Sep 17 2008 	Alright for overnight stop	Budget B&amp;B hotel adjacent to Paddington rail &amp; tube stations. Stayed on two occasions en route to and from the continent. On first night, was allocated a small room with very tiny en suite reached by going down two steep steps from bedroom - tricky in the night. Hardly enough room to swing the proverbial cat. Minimal furniture and a window looking out onto a flat roof covered with cigarette ends. However bed linen and floor clean.Creaky floors, banging doors and the noise of the tube trains made an early night's sleep difficult.On second night, was given a larger room overlooking Norfolk Square. This was much bigger with a queen size bed but only a double bed duvet. Again bed linen and floor clean. Large en suite bathroom and much quieter in the night.Overall, the hotel is in need of some renovation (carpets, decorations etc) but ok for an overnight stop depending on taste and budget. Breakfast reasonable but queues can form for a table depending on what time you want to eat.	
Jul 11 2008 	Good Choice for Moderate Price	Nothing Fancy, typical London hotel with small rooms and outdated plumbing. The bathroom was pretty old and in need of updating but what do you expect, in London, for 80 pounds. Very convenient to London's not so convenient tube but if you don't mind the additional cost, the express train from Heathrow drops you at Paddington station within walking distance of the hotel. We had the typical amounts of luggage for Americans- way too much! But we managed just find despite the hotel's small elevator- at least there was one and it worked. The hotel breakfast was nice though the staff sort of make you feel they are doing you a major favor just by attending to your needs. I felt like asking for water with breakfast but couldn't work up the nerve. Despite the lack of an attentive staff, the manager was helpful, the charges were correct and I would stay again in the future. I prefer the Kensington area and would try any of the hotels there first, but for the price this one is hard to beat and I did my research before going.	
Jun 19 2008 	"Got what I expected”	Our room 312 The room was small but clean and the beds were comfortable,. It's not luxury at royal norfolk hotel but look at the price (64£/night).the room had 2 single beds, a desk and chair, a mirror. and a tv; we were provided with towels.The hotel is centrally located, very close to underground and paddington station.the staff was very accommodating &amp; pleasant other than one waiter at the breakfast room: probably he's not a gentleman!! Breakfast was downstairs in the common eating area:Cereal, orange-juice,coffee, milk or tea, full english breakfast or continental breakfast is provided.there is a small lift in the hotel and a storage room for luggage. The area was VERY quite: no noises at the night.	
Apr 3 2008 	April Fool	Saw the reviews when looking for a hotel back in Feb and it seems to suggest that the hotel was better than the Hilton round the corner and had under gone some refurb NO WAY I can only assume the reviews which conned me where put on by the hotel it selfI stayed here with my wife booking in on April Fools day fr 2 nights and to say it was a cow shed is unkind to cowsheds. The bedroom carpet in room 340 was disgusting as was the bathroom with black mould round the bath. The only way to open the curtains was to climb on the single bed shoe horned inThe lift was so small it is lucky I still get on with my wife! I couldn't have taken it with anyone else. It has dark blue carpet on the walls and ceilings making it very clautrophobic/ To get to our room you had to take the lift to the 4th floor walk across a bridge and then down a flight of badly worn carpeted narrow stair caseI would avoid it like the plague. That being said the staff where all lovely and polite The breakfast was good and it was very handy for Paddington Tube and Station	
Feb 12 2008 	not for us..............	on arriving at the hotel we were greeted by a friendly guy who gave us the keys to our room. The room was no bigger than a very large wardrobe...we are not the smallest of people and could not really move in the room, the shower was a small closet. Beds clean but furnishings and carpets very worn. On the second night we asked to be moved to a larger room with twin beds (hoping it would be bigger!!) This room was in a terrible state!!!Good breakfast and plesant staff, but would not go back.	
Feb 12 2008 	good value for money	I am a travel agent and stayed here with a friend on the 8th February 2008 for two nights. Having read previous reviews I was wondering what the hotel would be like. We arrived early and the reception staff were most helpful and looked after our suitcases until we were able to check in at 2pm.We had Lunch in the pub below the hotel whilst we waited and it was nice. We were given room 312, it was a lovely sized twin room, the room was bright and plenty of space. The bathroom was also a reasonable size, it looked like a new bathroom suite, ok there was no shower curtain but then again you can make do without one. There was plenty of hot water and the towels were changed daily. The hotel is a non-smoking hotel.Breakfast was lovely orange juice; tea or coffee, two sausages, fried egg, bacon and baked beans, toast and jam, and I would recommend the cooked breakfast rather than the continental.We did see a single room in the hotel one morning and the room looked very small, but we had no complaints about our stay at the hotel at all.Once again when we checked out at noon we were able to leave our luggage in a secured room until it was time for our journeys home.The hotel is good value for money and so handy for the both the train and tube at Paddington Station, also I would recommend the Open Top Tour Bus which stops next to the Hotel a good way of seeing all the tourist sites of London. The Italian Restaurant almost opposite San Marco was excellent, great food and a good price.	
Feb 8 2008 	Dont go there	I stayed there in Oct 07 what a dissapointment the hotel decor is out dated it needs a total overhaul its dirty. The rooms are sub standard the bathroom is the smallest room I have ever been in. You can't have a decent shower, the staff can just about speak English thats if you go to reception at the right time to be honest I loved London what a fab city but I was delighted to get out of that hotel to go home to sleep in my own bed and have a decent shower was heaven...... I have no idea how this hotel has a 3 star rating.............I would love to know how it got any type of rating as I would not rate it at all	
Jan 24 2008 	Not to bad	Stayed in the Royal Norfolk Hotel, for 5 nights with my wife during Sept ’07. The hotel is perfectly located for sightseeing purposes, close to tube, trains &amp; buss stop, and not bad for the price paid. We arrived before the normal check-in time, but the friendly reception staff still allowed us to check in. Breakfast was included, and not bad. To be honest, it’s not a “three star” hotel, but for the budget traveller perfect. Room and bathroom was clean but old, would have preferred a shower. Nice pubs and restaurants close by; avoid “Sawters Arms” across the road, pathetic service.	
Dec 27 2007 	Great location!! Clean good breakfast great value...	My sister and I booked this hotel in the summer of '04. We were looking for a place convenient to central London and mass transportation and Paddington has it all. This hotel was a very short walk from bus stops, the Tube, and the train station. The neighborhood was quiet and felt perfectly safe!The hotel itself is definitely for the budget crowd. If you're looking for luxury, this hotel is probably not for you. However, our room was clean (if a little small), the bed linens were fresh, and their full English breakfast was marvelous. We loved the view from the breakfast room and the windows were wide open to let in the cool morning air. We would definitely stay there again. It saved us a lot of money that we were then able to use to enjoy the rest of London.	
Dec 5 2007 	Appalling hotel - avoid at all costs	I had booked a non smoking room, but upon opening the door of Room 442, it appeared to have used as a meeting for the product testers at Benson &amp; Hedges.Room wasn't small - it was tiny. 1 small single bed - no chair.1 very small wardrobe - 1 en-suite bathroom with a power shower ( no power obviously ).Rubbish TV - terrible reception.Headboard fell off when I sat on the bed.Generally, do not use this hotel now matter how desperate you are.Walking the streets would be a better choice.	
Oct 17 2007 	It Was Fine--Clean and Great Location	My room was very tiny, but it was very clean and well decorated. I did not want to spend alot of money and this worked out very well. I will be staying there again in January.The location is fantastic. The Paddington tube station is literally across the street, and there is an Internet Cafe right across the street as well. The breakfast was very good. I would recommend it if you do not want to spend alot of money and want a clean hotel.	
Oct 7 2007 	It is okay for a short stay	I stayed with a colleague in this hotel in a twin room for two nights. We had a spacious room with the window going out to the street. The room was clean and pleasant enough although in some places a little tatty. The bathroom was small and all the walls were covered in plastic from ceiling to floor. A downside was that the bath tub, being the shower at the same time, had no shower curtain. This made it hard to shower without flooding the rest of the bathroom. The bathroom was also unnaturally hot, which was odd as the heating was not turned on. I can confirm what other reviewers have said about the breakfast. That was really not very nice at all. There was very little choice and to serve exclusively pre-packaged, poor quality cheese was not pleasant. However, the staff were friendly and the breakfast service was fast. The hotel itself is in a very convenient location for getting around London and for getting to London Heathrow. I'd recommend it for a short stay if you are looking for budget accomodation in London.	
Oct 3 2007 	Value for money	Stayed in this hotel for four nights last week. Room was clean, beds clean, towels were changed every day. Breakfast was very good. My only fault was the bathroom! It was smaller than a broom cupboard and only had hot water for about an hour in the mornings, none at all in the evening when you'd want to freshen up before going out. Overall though, good value for money.	
Sep 19 2007	Basic but good value	This was one of my cheapest accommodation options for my one-night stay in central London in August 2007. The hotel is very handy for Paddington Station, which provides excellent underground links to the rest of London. I arrived before the normal check-in time, but the friendly reception staff still allowed me to check in. The walk from reception to my room (via the lift) was long and convoluted - not ideal for old people or if carrying heavy luggage. The single room was very small, possibly the smallest I've ever stayed in, but there was an en-suite shower room with toilet and basin. The furnishings were basic and in some cases cheap, and the room was not super-clean. The window overlooked a pleasant square at the rear of the hotel. The room was adequate for one night, especially considering I spent very little time in it. Breakfast was included in the price, but on entering the breakfast room I was told to wait outside. However, it was a short wait, and the dining room was pleasant and the breakfast was fine. On the whole, this hotel was acceptable for a short stay, and good value when compared with other central London hotels. I would probably stay there again.	
Sep 19 2007 	Faulty Towers but worse	I am a Travel agent, and i'm glad that i booked this hotel for me first not for one of my customers, the staff could not speak or understand any forms of English, the room was clean but small (8ft x 12ft including the bathroom), the bathroom was like an obstacle course and allways flooded when you attempted to get wet in the shower (size 2ft x 2.5ft). The English breakfast was OK, the continental breackfast consisted of a cheese slice and a slice of processed ham, yum yum.We were kept awake every night by a group of Eastern Europeans, drinking and singing. after the second night i went out of the hotel in my shorts and threatened to do a lot of damage if they did not move on, (ps i'm 6ft 2in tall and 17stone)not a pretty sight at 2pm and not slept for two daysYes it is cheap, and is very good for the Tube station, but that is not a reason for me to Recormend it to any one, spend a few more quid and have a more comfortable stay, Dave fro We Travel 2U.com	
Sep 17 2007 	Good value for money!	We stayed Royal Norfolk hotel 7.-9. of September. After reading reviws from here we were a bit concerned. But the hotel was nice! Staff were friendly and room/hallways were clean. I've been in London many times, so small room was what I expect, actually the room was bigger than I thought! Beds were soft and they even change my sisters pillowcase after one night (the dye in her hair made a slight mess).The shower was tiny, but we roll the shower curtain in to the corner and even me (big girl) fitted well. Extra plus that there were plenty of hot water and the pressure was fine!The location is exellent, just round the corner from Paddington station. Some people might not sleep well, but we didn't even notice the noise from trains. But we are city girls. ;)Only bad thing we could figure out was the curtains, they were ugly. :DI would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone. And if you don't like it, there is a Hilton next to the station. ;)	
Sep 1 2007 	Not good.	We stayed here a few years ago, and we always shudder and look at it as we walk past enroute elsewhere - it is as grotty as Wildkim says, I wouldn't recommend it. We found the international staff were very pleasant and interesting, but the cooked breakfast was totally vile and inedible - toast and honey was the only safe option. The room was quite dirty. The area were the bath was sealed was mildewed, and the grouting was in need of replacement/ bleaching. As I've said before, Paddington is a real lottery where hotels are concerned, and you can't always make decisions based on other peoples' reviews - we got very badly let down recently, as a result !!	
Aug 19 2007 	Not impressed	We found the hotel room clean but with dated mismatched furniture. The bathroom was tiny, barely room to stand under the shower, and smelt unpleasant. Coming down to breakfast on the first morning we entered the dining room only to be told to wait outside as there was no room, we waited outside for about ten minutes before finally being allowed in. Breakfast was ok except on the last day when they ran out of bacon and we were given cold watery waferthin ham instead. The carpets in the hallways were filthy - the only pleasant thing about our stay were the reception staff who although ineffectual were very friendly. This hotel was advertised as a 3 star I can't believe it meets this standard. Would not book here again.	
Jul 13 2007 	Never ever again!	My husband and I stayed in this hotel as part of a Superbreak.com package travelling from Belfast. This hotel was disgusting and should not even warrant &quot;hotel&quot; grading&quot;. The place was more like a hostel. Decor was out dated and grubby. Carpets dirty and I wont tell you what lurked behind the curtains . The shower was like a caravan shower with no room to manoever and we felt dizzy in such a confined small place. The shower head didnt work either. There was a smell of food in the room no doubt coming from the steak house below and even the linen smelt of cooking fat. I did not dare look at the matress, I just got drunk before bedtime in order to sleep. I wouldnt walk barefoot on the floors at all. The bedroom furniture was a mis match of various old furniture (not antique). Staff were not friendly and breakfast was cold so we ate out the other mornings. This place is not recommended for an enjoyable nor clean stay. I had treated my husband to this short trip as a birthday surprise and it was a big disappointment. Almost ended in D I V O R C E. I do not consider myself as over fussy but this place was of a very poor standard indeed.	
Jul 6 2007 	Royal Norfolk Hotel was just fine and loved the neighborhood	We stayed at the Royal Norfolk Hotel in June and found it just fine for three nights. It was clean and comfortable and very inexpensive. The breakfast was included and it was either a hot eggs and bacon breakfast or a continental breakfast. The staff was fine.We particularly liked the neighborhood. It was across the street from Paddington Station and there were great restaurants, coffee houses, etc. all around us. I would recommend it to anyone wanting a well-located, inexpensive place to stay.	
Jul 4 2007 	The Best Value For Money!!	I have previously stayed at the above hotel in June 2006 and thought it was great value for money hence why we booked with them again thisyear.I go to London every year in June to go to the Wimbledon tennis championships. The location of the hotel is great, so near the train and underground tube access. There's plenty of bars and restaurants which suited us down to the ground. On my recent stay last week, myself and two of my friends had a triple bed room booked for 27th of June to the 29th. Upon arriving and checking in we were told that we would be staying in one of the hotels apartments. Admittedly my first thought was &quot;Oh no, its going to be one of those grotty bedsits&quot;. However we literally took a one minute walk down this small street and our apartment was the first one there. Opening the door I was totally surprised!!! We had our own modern fully useable kitchen, two double beds and a single, bathroom and lounge with tv.This apartment and the staff at the hotel made our stay in the city most enjoyable. I felt that strongly I even emailed the manager!! On reflection on the staff, the receptionist was soo nice and friendly and made sure that we were satisfied with our stay. She even commented that she hadnt seen us during breakfast and seemed concerned that we had missed it! The kitchen staff were great and were approachable if we wanted another cup of tea or more toast etc.I will definately be staying at the hotel in the near future. The only minor small negative I would say is that you can hear (from the apartment) trains going by throughout the night. However after you hear a couple you get use to it and drift off anyways!! I would STRONGLY recommend - great value for money!!	
Jul 3 2007 	Royal Norfolk just fine	We stayed 3 nights at the Royal Norfolk this June. Our room was a very clean twin with plenty of room for 2 people with 2 suitcases. The carpeting was new. The bath is like an RV bathroom, but we had plenty of hot water. The hallways and stairs were a bit shabby, but for the money, we felt this couldn't be beat in London. There are hotels around the corner that are renting rooms for 3 times what we paid at the Norfolk. The breakfasts were certainly adequate and in a lovely window-filled room. The night staff were a bit abrupt, but the day staff was very friendly. All were efficient. The last time we stayed in London was on a tour. Our room barely had room for a double bed, which was soft and lumpy and shoved in a corner. The breakfast room there was down in the basement and it was a depressing affair over-all. The Norfolk was a great improvement over that other establishment! I found the stairs and hallways going up and off in all directions rather fun. I think it was constructed that way so all rooms would have a window for ventilation. We did have a walking stick with us which I was glad of because we used that to secure the window and were then able to leave it open about 6&quot; at night and felt secure. It was very comfortable to sleep and not very noisy at all.	
Mar 20 2007	Would not stay there again unless they improved the access	I booked with my rail ticket online.The hotel is just across the road from the entrance to Paddington mainline and underground stations - so that was convenient. Within 10 minutes of leaving the station I was making tea in my room.However, the access to my single room which was on the fourth floor of the building next to the main hotel, was either by a tiny lift - room for 2 without luggage maybe? - lined with dark blue carpet and felt like I imagine a coffin would feel - or numerous flights of stairs leading to an outside &quot;fire escape type&quot; steps going down slightly, to the next building. I felt like Mary Poppins up amongst the chimneys! Then, in through a fire door to a place that wasn't nearly as nice as the main buiding had appeared. You had to use the outside steps even if you used the lift and I heard other people saying they weren't going to use that lift again! There didn't seem to be a proper fire escape. The instructions were to use the main stairs if there was a fire.My room was very small but just about OK - for a few hours. Bed seemed clean, but hard. Kept the window closed and it was quiet - but might be very hot in the summer I should think.Tiny moulded plastic tea tray/kettle with the basics. Built in plastic cabin type bathroom - tiny, reminded me of a cheap ferry cabin, cheap soap and shower gel. But it was OK.Carpet grubby with cigarette burns, curtains - very heavy elaborate ones - hanging off rail in middle. Furniture - not that there was room for much, not even a chair - cheap, very basic. Small TV worked OK. Didn't try the phone as my mobile worked. No restaurant - I think the ones mentioned are really other nearby businesses that they have arranged access to via internal doors.The breakfast room is on the first floor of the main building. Check that you have booked for a full English breakfast if that is what you want. A Chinese girl sitting next to me was asked if she wanted English and after eventually saying yes and waiting she was told she had only booked for continental breakfast and would have to pay extra. My English breakfast was quite well cooked. I didn't try the orange juice or bread etc.I had paid £50 for one night - months in advance with my rail ticket. But I saw several websites offering the same thing for up to £8 cheaper a few days before I actually went. But it would have been a risk leaving it that late to bookThe main part of the hotel seemed well decorated - the stairways at least - and conditions may be much better there.The receptionist and the waiter were both very polite. I dId not think it worth asking for a better room as it was such a short stay.I took lots of pictures which are not available at time of writing but will upload them later, if that is possible.	
Mar 11 2007	lovley place!	We booked this hotel over the internet then read the reviews! My husband and i were very worried about this 1st stay in london because of all the bad reviews this hotel had got! We need not have worried on arrival we were checked in by the very helpful and polite receptionist,he informed us of all the details we needed to know, breakfast ect....Yes the bedrooms are a little small but very clean and warm, i also agree with others about the bathroom/shower very small but fine for the amount of time you would have to spend in it, We enjoyed the full english which was once again served by very polite and friendly staff, dining area was quite big, we really enjoyed our stay (2 nights) at this hotel and would def return.	
Feb 26 2007 	Basic and tired but Clean and cheap!	I had booked this hotel before reading some of the reviews and so was apprehensive when we arrived in London for our weekend stay.The hotel facade looks a little tired and run down and the sight of piles of laundry at the front door was a little off putting. However, the staff were friendly and helpful, and the rooms clean if basic.Other reviewers hated the lift, but we managed 3 curvy women and their cases into the lift to the 3rd floor with nothing more than a fit of the giggles.The continental breakfast option in the restaurant would have been a bad choice (cheese squares still in the plastic wrapper and some plastic-looking ham) but the full English breakfast we chose was fine.The carpets on the stairs and landings are threadbare, and the shower is a contortionists challenge (I recommend just leaving the curtain to one side rather than trying to fit behind it and wash!) but overall this hotel was a central base for our weekend and met our needs for a great price (£30 each B&amp;B per night).	
Feb 26 2007	Seriously... 3 star hotel? I don't think so!!!!!	The only good thing about this hotel is its location. Thank God there are more than 20 other hotels in that area, so don't bother to pick this one! I found it on the internet and a 3star rating seemed quite promising. I don't know who gave this rating to this hotel, but they were either blind or crazy! I went with my mother on the 3rd of February and stayed for 7 nights. Here's our experience:Upon arrival, we were informed that someone reserved for us a double room although our reservation was for a TWIN -and as promised by the manager- SPACIOUS room. They managed to get us a twin room, which was probably the smallest hotel room in history ever! (Not to mention the condition of the bathroom: there were FLAKES OF PAINT COMING OUT OF THE BATHTUB!) There wasn't even space to put our luggage. When we complained about that, they said that usually people don't bring two suitcases with them! If you ask me, there wasn't space for not even one suitcase but according to the guy at the reception that's what the nightstand between the beds is for! And if we made a little rearrangement with the chair and the TV, we would manage to fit the second suitcase, although then we wouldn't be able to open the door... Eventually they discovered that there was a larger room available from the next day and we were so happy to hear about that, that we managed to overcome the fact that our room had no heating and that we had to wait for the porter to switch it on THE NEXT MORNING! The new room was almost what the website was promising, but I must say that having to spend FIVE nights on the same sheets and FIVE days on a carpet that was never vacuumed wasn't that comfortable! The next surprise was when we found out that WE HAD TO PAY TO GET A REMOTE FOR THE TV. Fortunately, we brought our own adaptors, or we had had to pay for them also! And that wasn't hardly all... Most of the staff was almost UNABLE TO COMMUNICATE IN PROPER ENGLISH and -apart from two young ladies who were attending reception in the mornings- they were also RUDE! Every evening, when I entered the hotel and said &quot;hello&quot; I didn't even get one smile as a reply! Smiles were also missing from the breakfast room, as well as orange juice! In fact it was probably replaced with water with sugar and orange colour! Last, but not at all least, when we unpacked we found out that we forgot in our room two adaptors and two rucksacks. Although we returned to the hotel 3 hours after we checked out (to get our luggage) and although my phone number and e-mail are known to the hotel staff, no one bothered to contact us. Someone would expect a little more attention to the guests' belongings from a hotel that practically rents its own (remote controls and adaptors)!If, in spite of all of the above, you decide to stay at this hotel make sure to ask for one of the refurbished rooms, bring extra cash to pay for the remote, buy some orange juice from one of the mini markets across the street and don't forget anything in your room because you will instantly kiss it goodbye!	
Jan 28 2007 	Rooms by the hour!	I would have been better to sleep on Paddington Station. Dirty, rude, cold etc etc. Very cheap in every sense. DO NOT GO THERE	
Jan 21 2007	Depressingly dire!	We had booked this via an on-line web-site and it was fairly misleading - not at all what we expected from the photos. The carpet was filthy, it stank of stale cigarette smoke (despite being advised that it was non-smoking). The windows were filthy and the bathroom was old and stained. There was no fridge in the room either to store drinks etc. The lifts were too small to take more than one person and a bag - so this made it very difficult for my husband and I to get all our luggage up. We had single beds and the doona was too small. It was like someone had cut a single doona in half and used that. It only just reached the edge of the bed and that was without anyone sleeping under it. So when, you slept and turned you had a cold draft at your back.The breakfast was slow and we always had to ask for things - like cutlery. The toast was cold and so was the rest of the cooked breakfast. Maybe they didn't have enough staff to do the service though?The location was good, but it was extremely noisy as well since is was so close to Paddington Station.At one point, I just sat there are cried - it was so depressing.	
Jan 14 2007 	worst night in an hotel ....EVER!	Room tiny, cold,noisy as not double glazed, no lights, ensuite smaller than most toilets- you could brush your teeth, shower and have a wee at the same time.Waitress rude and tried to charge me again for the english breakfast and guess what, everyone had to queue to get in the restaurant.Would recommend park bench over this &quot;hotel&quot;!	
Dec 17 2006 	very basic	I stayed there for one night because I wanted a cheap place close to Paddington station. The reception was not really a reception. It was a desk near the entrance. The guy at the check-in was somewhere between sub-enthusiastic to chillingly clueless.The room was very small but clean. Calling the bathroom a &quot;room&quot; would be an exaggeration. It was the size of a wardrobe but somehow, some ingenious mind had managed to put a shower, a sink and a loo into it. This place is so central to Paddington that my bed vibrated every time a train swooshed into the station. I understand that some people do pay for vibrating beds, but in this case, I could have done without it. Breakfast was bad. 2 slices of toast, some ham and plastic wrapped cheese. Yay! I daresay that it is ok to stay for one night but anyone who plans to stay longer in the capital should invest a little more and book some other hotel.	
Dec 5 2006 	Stay Clear !!!	I stayed at this hotel with my mate last weekend (2-3 dec 2006) and i have to say it is the worst hotel i have ever stayed in.In fact to call it a hotel is a joke. n arrival at Paddington station we got outside and saw the hotel not far across the road and were delighted with our choice, well that was until we got closer.Even from the outside it was obvious it had seen better days.The reception area was very basic and didnt look clean.The receptionist struggled to lift her head to even acknowledge that we were standing in front of her. We checked in and got in the ancient lift that could take 2 people at a push. There was dirty laundry lying all over the stairs and passageways and no hotel staff including the cleaners even acknowledged you when walking past them.When eventually finding our room &quot;the duke of york&quot; room 323 ha ha we could not believe our eyes, the room smelled stale, on the surface it appeared clean but only just.The beds were clean but the carpet wasnt, the curtains looked like they'd not been cleaned for a few years and then the bathroom, oh my god, there was a toilet/shower and it was hard to tell where the toilet finished and the shower started, you can hardly turn round without bashing your arms on either side of the walls, a total disgrace. We actually considered showering in paddington station, the toilets there are a palace compaired to the ROYALL NORFOLK HOTEL!! there is nothing royal about it!!We complained and were offered another room which was equally as bad but believe it or not even smaller.I could go on and on and on but the bottom line is, do not book this hotel even if there is absolutely no other hotel anywhere else in London, book at your peril !!!	
Nov 5 2006	great budget hotel	excellent location, right opposite paddington station and underground. This made it easy to see the sights anywhere in London. The Big Bus company also stopped right outside so you could purchase a hop on - hop off ticket lasting 24 hrs for £20. The price included either a live guided tour or a recorded tour of all the famous landmarks (plus a free sail down the Thames).The hotel itself had a nice reception area with friendly staff. The room was a little bit of a let down as it was quite small with tatty furniture (but nevertheless clean). The ensuite bathroom was down a couple of steps and reminded me of a bathroom you'd have in a caravan. Very small with a fan instead of a window. The shower took a little while to warm up but then it was fine. There was a wall mounted hairdryer in the bedroom. Whilst we were there the lift was out of order. My sister and husband were on the 4th floor so this was a great inconvenience to them. I don't know how long it had been out of order as there was a notice on the door saying that it would be fixed as soon as possible and someone had written on it &quot; When!?&quot;There was a nice little pub next door with an adjoining entrance to the hotel and also a steak house on the other side. However I don't recommend the steakhouse.There were numerous eating establishments and bars in the immediate viccinity. I would definitely stay here again on my next sightseeing trip.	
Nov 3 2006 	Fawlty Towers	Living proof that no matter how you try to avoid chains and support individual hotels you really should stick to what you know! I booked this 3 star as a family surprise and was embarrassed. I should have stuck to what I know and booked a Premier Lodge/Novotel etc - it cost the same! The underground thunders past - the bathroom is unusable and breakfast a joke. Please, please, please don't book it even if it looks like a bargain.	
Oct 30 2006 	Be Careful!	I wish that I read other reviews of this hotel before I booked a single room for one night in October 2006.The hotel's location is ideal in the heart of Paddington.However, the hotel is not the warmest place that I have stayed and also needs a makeover.My room was on the 4th floor and one of the tiniest hotel rooms I've seen. Turning around in the shower was impossible, although I must say that the bedroom and bathroom were both clean.Breakfast was an interesting experience. We had to wait to get into the small restaurant and once sat down I was greeted by a dirty teapot from which I was expected to pour my morning drink.My 'continental' breakfast was one of a kind. Two pieces of ham were accompanied by two slices of processed cheese - still in their wrappers. Fortunately I was only in the hotel for 7-8 hours. I must say that this experience was certainly not good value for money at £55. Finally, other guests who I spoke to were making similar comments. This hotel could be great but needs improving before this can be reality.	
Oct 22 2006 	Avoid at all costs	This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in - and I have stayed in some bad hotels around the world.My boyfriend and I booked the hotel through Last minute .com as it was rated as a 3*. It was for our 2 year anniversairy and thought a 3* hotel should be pleasant enough. How wrong could we be.We turned up and the exterior just says it all. Anyway, we checked in to what barely resembles a check in desk and handed a key. The girl that checked us in was actually the best member of staff we saw all weekend. Well we moved up the numeous stairs (the lift was broken) to our room. I was not impressed. THe room was so small you could not swing a cat in it and it did not look or feel overly clean. One look at the bathroom was enough to never want to use it. It was tiny and dirty. WE went back to the reception and complained about the room as it did not look to the standard seen on the website. We were told that they had no other rooms that were bigger but said we could look at two other rooms. They were no better size, but the one we eventually moved to seemed cleaner.The new room was probably smaller. the bathroom a joke. You could not call it a bathroom - more a wet room. And it stank of sewage. Not a pleasant weekend I assure you. The floor was filthy. As soon as i had washed my feet they would be black and covered in hair again.The first morning we were there we went to breakfast as it was included in the price. However, you could not call it food. we went for the full english but i could not eat it. Looking at the people who ordered continental it looked like plastic. I was amazed that people were queing up outside. The service was not great either. The waiter could hardly speak english and had BO - not nice when you are trying to eat your breakfast.We tried to spend as much time out of the hotel as possible, and on our last day even dragged our suitcases around all day so as not to go back.The security was non existent. One night we walked in and the guy on the desk didnt even batter an eyelid (too busy chatting on messenger on his computer). Checking out wasnt any better -they simply put a tick next to our name!I can honestly say i hated every single miniute at that hotel, and god only knows how they can rate it as a 3* hotel! I would suggest that NO-ONE stay at this hotel. In fact it would be good as a homeless shelter - but then that is being hard to homeless people.	
Oct 21 2006 	Not good at all .	Smallest room we have ever stayed in with smallest bathroom ever seen, to use the sink you have to put one foot in the shower. The carpets and curtains were filthy but at least the bed sheets had been changed (i think). Although London is generally pricey this dump charged £75 a night for a double room on the 3rd floor with no working lift. Thankfully we only stayed one night and will definately not be returning.	
Oct 20 2006 	poor problem solving	we stayed there for a week, room and bedding was very clean, but shower and toilet must have been built for midgets!!, the lift wasn't working for the entire week, which made things very difficult for my wife who is recovering from a broken leg!! stair carpet was threadbare in many places, and the cleaners had the VERY DANGEROUS habit of jamming the fire doors open with wedges, (overnight)	
Oct 19 2006	Dire hotel	This hotel is dire! Dirty rooms, peeling wallpaper, unpleasant smells. Lastminute.com says that it is a 3-star hotel, but it resembles a 1-star. Room 122 is a tiny box with a small barred window looking onto a filthy stairwell loaded with rotting rubbish. The filthy bathroom has cracked lino. The fittings are ancient, cracked and broken. A sign on the back of the door warns you not to leave your possessions in the room and to lock the window. We recommend that you avoid this hotel at all costs.	
Oct 13 2006 	A Dump!	Booked through hotel-london.co.uk. Arrived early and was told to come back at 1pm by a very apologetic lady at the check in who let me left my luggage in their store room. Came back at 1pm and was given a room on the fourth floor. I got a huge suitcase with me at that time. Thought it was okay as the hotel have a lift. Wrong! The lift was out of order that day and I begged with the lady (who was charming earlier) for a room on the lower floor as I would be struggling with my luggage all the way up the stairs. Apparently theres nothing she can do as she watched me going up the stairs with a 20kg suitcase...yes all the way up thrugh narrow staircase and what I would described as a maze. Walked in to my room, which for once I thought I was in the store room downstairs again but to my shock and horror..it was my room..single room which I could hardly open my suitcase apart from having to open it on the bed itself. Carpet was shabby and dirty. The room is so small and maybe the aircraft toilet would resemble the toilet in that room. I must say the bedsheet is clean. Other than that, I strongly suggest to avoid this hotel at any cost. As for breakfast, I did leave early but even if I were to stay till late, I wouldn't want to have breakfast at this god forsaken place.	
Aug 6 2006	Avoid this dirty hotel!	On May 26 I booked two twin-bed rooms’ arrival on July 19th and departure on July 23rd. Since we were 2 adults and 2 children I asked for two rooms close to each other.Upon arrival on July 19th we got room No. 312 and 341. Both rooms were really dirty and totally out of normal standard like going back the early 1960’s. In my room (312) we had a dirty smelling bathroom with only hot water (extremely hot) which made it impossible to use it. When I told the man in reception of this problem he advised me to use a public bathroom. In the other room (341) there was the most simple and dirty smelling “bathroom” I had seen – more or less a hole in the wall. To be able to reach this “room” we had to take the lift to the 4th floor and then to walk on a staircase between two houses, enter the other house and go down one floor on a tiny staircase. This was the lousiest – and smallest - room we ever booked. Next morning at 05:30 AM I told the man in the reception that we were going to leave our stinking rooms and check out. I went around the corner and found a nice, descent hotel where we checked in the same morning at 8 o’clock.I have sent complaints to the hotel but haven’t got any reaction or answer.	
May 4 2006	An "interesting" experience.	Since it's an island I didnt expect an exceptionally large room, especially not for the money, but the single room was really a shoebox, and I personally hate plastic &quot;bathrooms&quot;. Anyhow, I noticed that the heating was not working, which was not nice since it was still kind of cold outside. So I asked for the problem being solved, and was given another room. Surprisingly it was a twin room, but still with a plastic bathroom... The heating worked there, but the window would not close properly, I didnt bother complaining anymore. The room was rather clean, but there was something undefinable on the wall. Anyhow for a budget hotel it was alright and the staff was helpful.	
Mar 8 2006	Very cheap but looks it	The smallest room I have ever stayed in with a tiny bathroom similar to what you'd find on a boat. Breakfast wasn't worth the effort. The room was clean and the location great. For this price in London it is probably as good as you will get.	
Feb 23 2006	A good 2 Star	My wife and I have just returned from our first trip to london.I booked this hotel for 3 nights, room 311, on the laterooms web site, £44 for a double en-suite with continental breakfast.Not bad I thought. Most of the other reviews are accurate and I wouldn't have liked to pay any more then I did, However, The location is Ideal for newcomers to london, The Tube 50 yds across the road, the BIG BUS stops virtually outside the hotel,The Sawyers Pub is across the road, good food and a cracking pint.I upgraded my Breakfast to a &quot;full English&quot; for £2, and ate as much toast as I kept asking for, which kept me going all day till I got back to the Sawyers for my Steak. The room had TV, Hi Fi, Kettle with tea and cofee, Hair dryer, daily clean towels and bed made up,the En-suite was quite nice with a large bath with overhead shower no curtain though so I had a piping hot bath every day with unlimited hot water.The negatives were a grossly out of level floor(or was it the Sawyers)central heating didn't work although they had an electric heater which was ok and we left it on 24/7. It wasn't dirty or smelly and I would stop there again at the right price.Now, NEWCOMERS to London, DO get a Travelcard for your duration absolutly essential, This was my first time on the tube, when are we getting one in Nottingham ?Ratings out of 10:-St Pauls, 10. London Bridge,7.Tower of London, 10. London Eye, 6.London Aquarium,2.HMS Belfast,7.Harrods,5. Museums near to Harrods,8.Big Bus, expensive but very handy on first day.The south Bank from London Bridge to Westminster bridge is a nice walk.I printed a street map of the web with just the area I was interested in,Hyde Park to London bridge, It had all the Tube station marked, I found it invaluable and didn't get lost once.ENJOY YOUR TRIP	
Nov 3 2005	Only for short term stay	The main thing I disliked about the room was the state of the carpet, it was absolutely filthy and heavily stained. The room itself was adequately equipped with 2 x single beds, clean bedclothes and clean towels left every day, a small wardrobe and a dressing table/desk but no drawers. The curtains were falling off the rail and would not meet in the middle so I secured them together with pins!!The bathroom was a good size, no shower curtain though. We had a problem with the toilet not flushing, this was reported and supposedly repaired but failed to work every now and again. The breakfast was adequate but be early as on one occasion there were approx 10/12 persons waiting outside and we had to wait for some others to leave before we could go in. All in all I suppose you get what you pay for but it is badly in need of a good overhaul and modernisation but most of all a thorough clean. On the other hand it is in a prime location close to Paddington Station, buses, shops and restaurants and is ideally situated.	
Oct 31 2005	Not very nice	My husband and I stayed at the Royal Norfolk for 5 nights in September 2005. We chose it mainly for price - 60 pounds per night.The room had a bathroom but be warned - it is the smallest bathroom we have ever seen. I am 170 cm tall (5 feet 7 inches) and weigh 60 kilos (132 pounds), and I am not exaggerating when I say that I just fit in the shower.If you are taller or bigger than this - choose a different hotel!I really think the hotel should warn people about this.I have added a photo of the bathroom as proof.The entire bathroom is like a little cupboard in the wall, and includes toilet, small sink and tiny shower. The bathroom was always clean but kind of old, so it didn't feel as clean as it probably was, if that makes sense!The room was very tiny also - barely enough room to open both our suitcases at the same time. Room amenities included an alarm clock, small cupboard, desk, low-voltage hairdryer, bin.The bedsheets were very clean. The continental breakfast was okay - toast, yoghurt, tea and coffee.The hotel is just so old and creaky, and didn't have a very nice 'vibe' - not a hotel we looked forward to come 'home' to each night.The location in Paddington was good, in that if you are taking the tube into London, it is across the road from Paddington Station. Otherwise Paddington is not a very nice area, and if you want a hotel close to a Tube station, I'm sure you could find better.Basically it was okay for the price - hotels in London are never worth the price you pay, but this is as cheap as they get.Feel free to e-mail me if you have any questions.	
Aug 10 2005	Dirty and outdated	I wish I had read the reviews before staying here. I thought I had found a great deal booking this hotel online. The only good thing to say about it is the location which was great, right by Paddington station for the heathrow express and all the buses and tubes. Unfortunately, the room was dirty and outdated. there were stains on the walls, bedspreads, carpet and ceiling. The original features was found in the fact that nothing had been updated... I could barely see in the bathroom as it was so dark. The breakfast room as pleasant but breakfast only consisted of cornflakes and a fruit yogurt. When my friend tried to specify WHICH type of fruit yogurt he wanted, his request was denied. Overall, stay here for location only, not for a treat!	
Apr 19 2005	One night enough.	Used this hotel as a over night stop for the Heathrow express because of its location to Paddington station, that's the only good thing about it.We left the facade of the reception area, and headed to our room, carrying our suitcases up and down numerous stairs, once there we found it somewhat, well how can I put this? It was supposed to be for two people, what a laugh you couldn’t even swing a cat. As for the bathroom if your 6ft like me then all I can say is that I hope you are a contortionist, my wife is 5 foot 3 and had trouble moving about. Before checking out we went for breakfast in the hotel, we ordered the continental breakfast and received the following: two thin slices of pre packed ham, one slice of toast and two cheese slices (still in their rapper),I have never seen anything like it.Please heed my warning look somewhere else, there are plenty of other hotels in the area for convenience.	
Mar 20 2005	Loved it!	My kids and I stayed here three years in a row. The view of London Street is great. English breakfast is wonderful. Room is small but nice. Location is outstanding if you don't mind all the changes via Paddington tube station. I plan on staying here again this summer if I can. So please save me Room 214 for mid-June or mid-August.	
Mar 15 2005	Bathroom challenge	Stayed 4 nights here last week. Room was ok if a bit dingy, window to internal yard - but very quiet. Smallest bathroom I have experienced (apart from on boats and trains). I am not tall (5.9) but was challenged to stand upright in bathroom!Found the staff ok. Best feature is breakfast room and the quality of the breakfast is above average for this standard of hotel. Very convenient for Paddington.	
Mar 14 2005	Be very afraid....	Didn't get the room we booked / paid for and were met with indifferent staff who must get so bombarded with complaints that they have mastered the art of not caring. Room smelt of sewer gas and shower required two hands to keep water turned on whilst holding the shower head. Noisy at night with street noise. There are much better low cost options in central London.	
Mar 2 2005	Good Value But Not For Long Stays	The Royal Norfolk does what it says on the tin. If you come into London on the Heathrow Express to Paddington and cannot afford the Hilton, then you litlerally fall out the station and the hotel is there. This is a very convienent, clean hotel. The rooms are small and the bathroom reminded me of a ship's cabin, but for a one or two-night stay, it's absolutely fine. Fresh sheets and towels every day and a nice breakfast. The carpet on the stairs is getting a bit threadbare and the small lift, sloping surfaces and steps everywhere would not make this suitable for the disabled traveller; however if your hotel in London is just somewhere to rest your head after a hard day's shopping and an even harder night partying and you don't want to lug your suitcase around the Underground or up and down the street then this is ideal for you. Cross the street from Paddington and you are there.	
Dec 26 2004	Don't go there - the absolute pits	The rooms are dirty, small and noisy. The beds are terrible. The floor was on such a slope we had to sleep upside down. I had to steel myself to have a shower, if you could call the dribble of lukewarm water a shower, the stench of mould in the box of a bathroom was putrid. The staff were there and the only thing that distinguished them from a cardboard cutout was their rudeness. Don't waste your money!!!!!!	
Dec 9 2004	The absolute worst! Do not stay there!	We recently stayed in this hotel, after having read the reviews on this site and thought it would be an acceptable budget hotel (mind you at $150+ per night, with tax and fees, it was NOT cheap). We were so sad when we got there that I wished with all my heart that we had not prepaid!This is a pit- do not stay there! Where to begin...The staff were rude, indifferent, insulting and dismissive of our concens. I was told by a staff member when complaining about some problems with the room - like the toilet not working and the heat not being on because the knobs to control the thermostat were missing - &quot;This is only a two star hotel, there's nothing we can do.&quot;&quot; When I told him I had been told it was a three star and advertised as such online he said, &quot;They say that but it is not and they say we have all these amenities which we do not. This is only a two star hotel.&quot; Makes you wonder who the &quot;THEY&quot; are, as the hotel itself, I am sure, is involved in advertising itself. Anyway, this is NOT a three star hotel as some places online list it. I think a two star would be generous, too generous. I would label it a ONE star - or more rightly as we referred to it during our painful stay there - a flophouse. The hotel was dirty and dingy, as was the room. The room was tiny, and came equipped with strange angles to the walls to give you that true claustrophobic, closed in feeling. The bed was horrible, painful to lay on, and filthy. You could just imagine what crawliers were living in there - and thus you were afraid to get under the blankets. We never did but simply layed on top of the &quot;duvet&quot; (and I use that term it the loosest sense possible), shivering throughout the night. The pillows were useless at about 1/2 inch thinkness. there was one extra and it was no better. The tiny little towles they gave you were akin to industrial grade sand paper - like something you'd imagine they gave to miners working the Black Seam to clean themselves after a day down the shaft. The TV had no remote and came with like 4 channels. The clock radio/alarm bolted to the wall was not functional. Just dead but left there anyways. The carpet was grungy and you didn't want to walk on it with your bare feet. The room was glacial because the heater, as mentioned before, had no knobs to work it, so it was off. We had to call down and a porter eventually came up and turned it on with a wrench - the room then soared to just below the surface of the sun. When we called to ask them to moderate this we were told not to worry about it. Eventually after complaining I was allowed to come down and get the wrench so I could turn it off myself. They later came by and took the wrench from our room when we stepped out so we never experienced any heat again during our stay there in the middle of London's winter. Nice. The ceiling was dirty and gross as were the walls. The furniture was dirty and falling apart, including such charming touches as missing knobs.The bathroom was like something out of a prison movie. It was tiny beyond extreme. The sink was about 6 inches or so wide, you couldn't really get your hands in there well. And if you bent down to wash your face you hit your head on the overhanging mirror on the way down as it was so close. The toilet, as mentioned above was non-functional and would only flush if you primed it by flushing several times in a row and then held the the handle down. You had a few inches clearance on either side, not much. The shower was just filthy dirty, the shower head was hanging off the wall about to fall off at any moment. It was actually in fact detached and hanging on by just a few wispy threads of caulking. And it only produced a thin trickle of lukewarm water. And at night whenever someone flushed their crummy toilets you could hear their waste water gurgling up in the toilet and shower drains in our room. Gag!All in all a truly deplorable place. Having never in fact been to prison, this is the worst place I have ever stayed in. Avoid this hotel at all costs! Fight fraud in advertising with your dollars. Avoid avoid avoid!	
Dec 8 2004	Good low-cost hotel - we would return	This is an above average hotel, in the budget/tourist class category. My boyfriend and I stayed here 3 nights in early November '04 and found it suited our needs quite well. Its location is the best part - right next to Paddington and with virtually everything you'd need within easy walking distance. The neighborhood felt quite safe, even with such close proximity to a major train station, and had restaurants, cafes, newstands, grocery story, shops, pubs, gift stores - even a lovely bakery - close by. The staff was friendly and the breakfast decent - the 'basic' we got with our deal was coffee/tea, juice, toast, cereal and yogurt, which was fine for us. We did upgrade 1 day to a full English and it was only about an average rated English breakfast. The drawbacks were that the room was a little small (but no smaller than most every room I've stayed in Europe), you could hear underground trains at times (where we were located) and the shower was so small, it was comical. I've stayed all over Europe, and go to London quite often, so I'm used to the 'non-American'-sized bathroom and room. However, this shower was definitely the most clautrophobic I've had to use, even a bit frustrating. I would definitely stay there again, though, but next time I'd probably just request a room with a bigger bathroom (I do know they have them).	
Sep 28 2004	As good as you'll get for the price	We stayed for one night here, in transit to the USA. We were not able to get a booking for the place we had stayed the week before (Blakemore - also good value) so we took a punt and booked the Royal Norfolk.It is opposite Paddington station so transporting luggage is no problem at all. Our room was on the top floor, overlooking the street but we had no trouble with street noise. The bathroom was small but adequate (and we have seen smaller) and the room was clean - which is one the main things we look for.The price on Expedia (60 pounds for a Friday night) included a continental breakfast which had toast, juice, cereal, yoghurt and coffee. Good value hotel for London for a short stay.	
Sep 17 2004	a pLeasant Stay	We came to stay for 3nights with friends,our room was ok but the bathroom was small although adequate, our friends room was like a broom cupboard but on request it was changed.We found all of the reception staff to be pleasant and courteous,would come again to this hotel.	
Sep 17 2004	OK	This is a buget hotel in a good location. You get what you pay for. Stayed there for 5 nigths at the begiinning of September 2004.Staff were friendly and helpful, but some problems arose. Firstly after we arrived the lift stopped working and as we were on the 4th floor the exercise after a day's sightseeing was interesting!! Secondly the water pressure for flushing the loo was not good - but simply fill the cistern up - more good exercise.On the positive side the room, although quite small, was clean and well-kept. Tea and coffee were available and hot water was abundant in an excellent bath. The location is excellent but you can hear the underground most nights. Excellent eating facilities nearby and pubs that sell real ale as well as lager (heaven)Previous nasty reviews totally over the top and I would stay at the Royal Nofolk again	
Jul 26 2004	Nice budget hotel	Stayed for 4 nights. Convenient location (near Paddington station). We requested a room overlooking the park, which was nice. A full service breakfast was included in the price, which was served in a little restaurant. Bathroom in the room was tiny, and the rooms were small but clean and quiet. Would stay here again.	
Jul 13 2004	Cheap And Cheerful!!	I booked with this hotel, before reading the reviews, for a special trip for myself and my family, so I was looking forward to the experience with some trepidation, especially as we planned to stay for four nights! How wrong can you be!We arrived from Heathrow at nearly one in the morning and the receptionist couldn't have been more helpful and friendly as we tried to clatter our cases up the steps without wakening the entire street! Reaching our rooms was an experience in itself as we had to use the world's tiniest lift and cross a footbridge, then negotiate narrow stairs down to our room, all without disturbing fellow guests. My wife and Grandson thought it was a huge laugh as we fell into our room, literally! The room itself was quite basic, but with a good sized bathroom and tea /coffee facilities and seemed clean and adequate for our needs. The room was noisy at first, but that was understandable as the hotel is situated in a busy community next to a railway terminus and a major hospital.The breakfast next day was really good and the staff were patient and kind to our little six year old grandson, who it is fair to say isn't the world's most decisive person when it comes to choosing his meals! The hotel itself is perfectly situated for access to all parts of London and surrounds, with the Tube just 300 metres away. For those families with children who like &quot;fast food&quot; there is every type of food very close to the hotel and a &quot;pub&quot; and excellent Pizza restaurant are accessible directly from the foyer. There are also a Post Office and all-night shops close by and even an Internet Cafe for those of us who can't stay off the &quot;Net&quot;. When we came to check-out, the staff even gave us a locker to store our cases in so we could spend an extra day in London before our evening flight.So, to sum up. If you want a spacious hotel where you expect pampered luxury at a vast price, this one won't be for you. However, if you just want a comfortable, well situated base, with a friendly, helpful staff, decent breakfast and all for £50-odd per room per night, peak season, give this one a try - you might not be disappointed. We will be happy to go there again for our next trip to London.	
Jul 10 2004	Stop the Whining!	Stop the whining already!Our group of twenty-one stayed here in early July. The price was right even if the reviews found here were a little scary. Turns out the place is great. Yes the rooms are small and the tiny bathrooms are more suited for Frodo and Bilbo than they are for overweight american tourists with unrealistic expectations, but the place is in an incredible location near Paddington, the breakfast was good, the staff we encountered were friendly and helpful, there was in room tea service, blow dryers on the wall, really cool narrow corridors with winding stairways, and IT WAS CLEAN! I will definitely stay here again and no the owner is not my brother-in-law.	
Jun 25 2004	Awful service	Stayed here 2 times in June 2004 - first time the room had a view of the underground tube and you had to listen to the trains about every 30 seconds - the room shook. The second visit the pipe to the toilet burst and at midnight when I reported it to the front desk I was told they would refund my money and I could go try to find another hotel!! Eventually after getting angry and insisting on something being done my room was changed. I would never stay there again. There was one desk clerk who worked the day shift who was friendly and helpful. Everyone else was uncaring and the service was extremly poor. Information was shared with the manager who only apologized-no retribution was made - she said my concerns were probably related to a language barrier with the desk clerk! 	
Jun 25 2004	Not as bad as youd think - 	Not as bad as youd think - clean and comfortable, but horrible bathroom/closet!I read the previous reviews after booking this hotel, and subseqeuntly was absolutely dreading it! The hotel was fine however, the bed was very comfortable, and most importantly the rooms were clean and cleaned every day. The bathroom was AWFUL but dont let that put you off, its just really realy small. Overall though a good location, very close to Paddington station, clean and comfortable. Staff were also very friendly too. 	
Jun 13 2004	This hotel is ok	The hotel was ok. Old furniture, small room, but it was clean. Only 45 pounds per night in May 2004. Great location. You get what you pay for.	
Jun 2 2004	Never again!	The hotel is in need of major renovation with poor room sizes and even smaller en-suite facilities. On checking into the hotel our reservation had been lost, (the rooms had been booked 2 months in advance and charged to our credit account). On leaving the Hotel we were made to pay for the rooms again as the staff were incapable of tracing the original booking. We did eventually get a refund. Avoid at all costs!	
May 24 2004	Nightmare	I was in hotel in November 2003 for 7 days, and I wish I have read this reviews before booking hotel over internet.It looked good on the web, and 3 star rating for a decent price was determining factor....I encountered most unfriendly and argumentative receptionist ever: After filling out forms and passport check, I wanted to pay with my credit card.Receptionist asked me for ID (I still do not understand why,since he had my passport).I showed him my drivers licence,and he told me that I need to sign my card or he will take it away and cut it.Once in room that is very small, I went to use bathroom and take shower(mini bathroom). First off all the toilet would not flush,and there was hardly any water pressure to take decent shower.I went to receptionist, and he told me that I don't know how to flush toilet, that I need to press lever harder, and that basicly I have to live with water pressure.I don't know who give out rating for the hotels, but this one do not deserve any stars!!!	
Mar 25 2004	Horrible	This is the WORST, most DISGUSTING hotel I've ever stayed in. The staff were rude and uninformed, the whole place smelled like a cigarette, they lost my reservation twice.... I could go on and on. I would sleep on the street before staying here again!!!	
Mar 25 2004	Stay away!!	Have just spent a night here (March 2004) and wish I'd read the previous reviews before setting foot in the place. Granted, the location and breakfast are fine but everything else is dire. I refused to stay in the first room they showed me (discounted rate does not equal giving me the shabbiest, smallest room with the most old fashioned furniture, torn curtains, concrete block for a view). Receptionist said they were &quot;fully booked&quot; (ha, ha) but managed to find me another room. Slightly better but cold shower. Extremely noisy, creaking floorboards, could hear everything in next door room. Just wish I hadn't pre-booked or I'd have gone elsewhere. There are loads of hotels around this area. Just avoid this one. Ruined my trip.	
Mar 19 2004	Overpriced fire trap		
Jan 4 2004	Avoid at all costs		
Nov 29 2003	Absolutely Awful!		
Nov 16 2003	Most Run-down hotel ever!		
Nov 4 2003	Oh Dear		
Oct 20 2003	worst "hotel" ever		
Jun 1 2003	Stay somewhere else!		
Jan 1 2003	Great little hotel good location!		
Nov 4 2002	Dump		
Sep 28 2002	Overpriced		
Oct 14 2009 	Ottima posizione ma il resto...		
Oct 9 2009 	Immer wieder gerne ...		
Oct 7 2009 	Horrible el peor hotel en el que he estado.		
Sep 30 2009	de pena		
Sep 14 2009 	Mejor No Ir...		
Aug 29 2009 	Espantoso lo peor de lo peor		
Jul 24 2009 	Solo perchè comodo		
Jun 26 2009 	Je n'irai plus jamais		
Apr 3 2009 	Non ci torno		
Mar 28 2009 	???????		
Jan 7 2009 	Londra da vivere		
Dec 21 2008 	???????????		
Sep 3 2008 	12 giorni a Londra		
Aug 28 2008 	Credevo meglio....		
Nov 12 2007 	mediocre		
Nov 6 2007 	Limpio barato y bien situado		
Oct 4 2006	Guter 'London-Style-Schmuddel-Standard'		
Apr 27 2006	Royal Norfolk war genial wir werden es irgendwann nochmal buchen		
