	Find another hotel	My friend and I were given a room that was old fashioned and awful it had a view of a flat roof and equipment which kept us awake all night. The bathroom was tiny and needed a revamp the fittings were covered in limescale and the door was peeling from the bottom upwards; obvious water damage. After viewing the room we went to reception and asked politely if we could have a different room, we were told, no they were full. We thought we could make the best of it! While dressing for an evening at a black tie event I stood infront of the full length mirror, my bare foot was on wet carpet, hopefully only a leaking radiator and nothing more suspicious! The tv was pure joy, not, even the remote control was held together, and the batteries in it, by cellotape! A sleepless night was spent in a hot room with scratchy bedding to be greeted the next morning by a cold full english breakfast, my friend demonstrated to the waitress her sausages were cold and un -cutable by bashing one against the side of her plate, luckily the cold plate did not break. The waitress said nothing! As we had already paid in advance when we made our comments to the receptionist she told us to write a letter with no offer of compensation. This I did and a month later (not holding my breath) a reply is so far no where to be seen. If you want to experience all things in life do try this hotel if just for the joke factor, but if you want somewhere even just ok I would not bother	
	Top class in every way	From the momment you step foot outside The Norfolk Towers Hotel you are greeted with a friendly welcome, that friendly welcome opens the taxi door, suitcases are taken care of, infact you are made to feel like royalty, the welcome from the reception staff is superb! I came with my 3 children (1 in a pram) and my mum to, we had the family room next to the reception desk. Very spacious room, 3 single beds, and very clean, extra towels given, bath/shower was very clean. There was no cot available for the baby on our arrival, no problem! Even at god knows what time of the night the staff happily got a mattress from another room, put it on the floor and surrounded it with pillows. I didn't have to do a thing.Breakfast was very filling and served with a smile even so early in the morning!- No complaints at all, they even helped with baby's food and chatted away with my two toddlers whilst mum and myself ate.Nobody minded if children where about the reception area, playing games or reading books, when the staff had a few minutes they chatted happily to the little ones and adults alike, Tea/coffee making service in room, refills given when needed, right down to baby's bottle being warmed for me..- Top class staff with a top class service given 24/7! Hotel is not far from local shops, within walking distance of train station, tube ect,	
Nov 16 2009 	Beware!Worst Place I have ever stayed in!	I chose the hotel for its location and the reviews seemed ok.Due to the fact that we were travelling for the World Travel Market and that we are working in tourism,i wrote an email to the hotel manager telling him that i was coming with my 2 managers and if possible to give us nice rooms,next to each other.That never happened.I always choose 3* hotels in central location because i just want to have a nice place to rest,not luxurious but not a dump like this.I just want to point out that i have seen maaaany hotels in my life due to the job.When we arrived,everything looked nice.When we entered the first room (after passing accross many doors and tight corridors),we were in shock - it was the tiniest place ever..the windows didn't close and were next to the bed..horror..After changing several rooms,the impression is:- the floor is falling appart (it is rotten wooden floor ) and the carpet is threadbare- the beds - some beds are very uncomfortable,the mattress has holes in it- the rooms are small- the wallpaper is swollen- there is no remote control- in the bathroom,everything has rust and limestone- the continental breakfast is very poorThe stuff has told us that in the 5* floor,the new renovated rooms are different.I didn't have the curiosity to see them.The stuff is helpful,as a good point.If by any chance,you choose this hotel,don't be surprised,you will get use to the problems after few days!	
Nov 15 2009 	Fawlty Towers is 5 star Next to this place	This must be one of the worst Hotels I have ever used. Despite the public areas being clean and carpets seem to be in good condition and relatively new. It is when you hit the rooms that the shock sets in. The carpets were worn, everything was dated (circa 1970), Bathroom was filthy, tiles were cracked, grout was black and mouldy, the taps wer so scaled up, there was &quot;hair&quot; in the bath. The room was like an oven, depite using a fan, having the window open as wide as it would go and the heating allegedly switched off. When I approached the staff they were very unhelpful and apathetic. I even spoke to the manager and he did not seem to care that I was far from satisfied with my room. I pointed out that I had asked to be moved which was met with a grunt. So if you are unfortunate to stay here and are offered room 314, tell them where thay can stick ther key.	
Nov 8 2009 	Good position but badly in need of refurbishment	Only there for 2 nights which was probably just as well. As has been said before by others the room was like an oven, even though the radiator was cold. We did have a tower fan in our room and we had to have it on full all night. TV didn't work but it was 'fixed' by our last evening but with no remote control. The room was clean but very small, the carpet was threadbare and floorboards creaky and sloping. Bathroom also clean but very small and a little the worse for wear too. Our room was fourth floor and on the front corner facing the main road but we didn't consider it noisy, although we did have our fan on full the whole time.The choices for the continental breakfast were good and you could have as much as you wanted.Hotel seemed busy so it makes you wonder what they spend their profits on.....it's clearly not maintanance.	
Oct 18 2009 	Great Location Great for budget hotel some reviews unjustified from our experience	I booked the hotel direct after surfing the net looking for a budget hotel for a city break from me, mum and daughter. On reading the other reviews I was really concerned what I was going to. However, the location is second to none - 2 minute walk from Paddington Station. On entering the hotel we were pleased. We asked to see our room prior to checking in. Our room was on the 5th floor. It was adequate, double bed and a single bed with lovely en suite facilities, tv, hairdryer and tea/coffee making facilities. The room was clean and although not huge there was plenty room for the three of us. The beds were comfy, but the room was hot. We left the window open all the time. Our room was at the back of the hotel, so we had no noise although the view was of backcourts, but hey we not there for the view!!Breakfast was a continental breakfast and had plenty, cereal, toast, croissants, hot bread rolls, yoghurt, cheese, fruit juices etc. More than enough to start your day., You could upgrade to english breakfast for £4 per head.Maid service was daily with clean towels daily and bedding changed on second day. Check out was 11am, but our flight home was not until 9pm so they had a lugguage store and we left it there until 5pm. The staff were helpful.I would recommend this hotel for a short break on a budget. For the people who had bad experiences I think they are looking for the Hilton at Norfolk Towers prices, if you want the Hilton pay for the Hilton!!	
Oct 13 2009 	A special "en-suite" room!	I booked the room through easytobook.com which gave a very good deal of 35 pounds for a single en-suite room. Sounds great, doesn't it? Well, everything is ok apart from the bathroom. The bathroom (though exclusively used by me) was located in another end of the corridor and I have to use a key to access into the bathroom whenever I wish to! Yet, give it is only 35 pounds (including contential breakfast) and the standard of the bedroom, I'd say this very special en-suite is not too bad. My room was located on the G/F facing the main traffic which made it quite noisy throughout the night.	
Oct 7 2009 	Not recommendable.	The location was all right, but that's all. We stayed at this hotel for three nights, and I barely slept because the room was insufferably hot. We tried to tell the staff, but to no avail. The hotel is run down, and absolutely ready for some redecoration. Some of the staff were nice and frienly, others could use a course in how to treat guests.	
Oct 2 2009 	Not bad for the money tries to be a 3 # hotel	Not bad for the money room was ok staff helpful and relaxed, fair bit of street noise during the night	
Sep 13 2009 	Absolutely Terrible - a total dump.	Norfolk Towers should not be rated as a 3-star hotel. It is a total dump. I felt totally scammed by Priceline.com and my first experience with Priceline will be my last. When you enter the lobby, you are thinking 'ok not too bad'. Take the stairs to your room, you change you mind. Stairs are borderline dangerous as they are warped. Got to our room to find a large gap between the floor and the bottom of the door. I am talking 2-3 inches. Had to plug up the gap with 2 towels. The room had a noticeable slope to it from right to left as you enter the room. No deadbolt on the door. I wouldn't dream of leaving anything valuable in these rooms. Carpeting was filthy and coming up in several places along the wall. Our room had two single beds - pushed them together, more carpeting came up. Oh and the night table from the 1960s between the two beds fell apart when it was bumped. Was surprised not to have bugs in the room. Blanket on one of the beds had a nice fresh stain with some kind of fluid. Called 3x to get a new one. Terrible service. No batteries in TV remote. No A/C. Windows opened to an extremely noisy corner of the building. The bathroom was clean which I expect so i can't really say that was a plus. Neighborhood was fine and within easy walking district to Paddington St. Nice bakery around the corner, good pub down the street on the corner. However, there are plently of other places to stay close to stations that have to be better. Overall, the price was outgrageous, hotel was a total dump and I felt completely scammed by Priceline so I cannot recommend. In fact, I warn you to never stay at this hotel.	
Sep 13 2009	too darn hot!	very hot and cramped,window only opened 2 inches.clean enough but very shabby	
Aug 29 2009 	nice hotel but ............	I must admit i liked the room, huge comphy bed,although the people from the bar downstairs smoked outside our window and when we went to ask the front desk about it , we were told to go have a word with them. Well considering we could hear them talking about beating people up, there was no way that was going to happen. Great location, lots of places to eat and good bus service and underground not far. My only real complaint was that when we asked the front desk to order us a cab, they got one of their friends in a fake taxi to take us, and we were charged double for the journey than a propar black cab..... so beware, they will rip you off , ask for a black cab. Also none of the staff spoke English as their first language and didnt seem to know much about the area which wasnt so good as we needed advice and couldnt get it. I would go back but make sure i got a smoke free room !!	
Aug 23 2009 	nice hotel in a nice neighborhood	we stayed for 3 nights and everything went right. nice and clean room. and small bathroom but also clean. we only had a little tiny problem with the window: it couldn't close well... we used some newspaper and tape and we splet good as well. quiet place.	
Aug 15 2009 	Good but not the best	Very good location.Room small, maybe it needs a renovation but it was clean.Staff very friendly.If you want something no more expensive is a good place, if you prefer pay more for the best it's easy to find something better	
Jul 31 2009 	Awful... Don't stay here!	Where to start... The worst bed I've ever slept in, noisy beyond belief, no airconditioning (oh but they do give you a lovely fan to circulate the cigarette smoke that wofts in through the windows from other guests smoking), the elevator was broken more often than working, tiny rooms and bathrooms (tiny is an understatement), and the staff were crabby, sour and unhelpful. The only thing positive I can say is that it was clean, the pub was cheap (but boring) and it was located near the tube. Don't waste your money staying here...	
Jul 5 2009 	would recommend this hotel!	firstly the location is excellent,5 mins walk from tube/rail at paddington &amp; bus stop right outside,staff were friendly &amp; helpful,room was just right,nothing exceptional but good size room &amp; bathroom which were both clean. bathroom was bit small so wouldnt suit a family but for a couple its ok. one down side would be the indoor temperature,the corridoors were very warm as was the room but we kept window open at night &amp; wasnt disturbed by this as its a quiet street. there is also a nice chippy with reasonable prices just 50 yards from hotel &amp; staff were ok with us taking this food back to our room. we stayed there for 4 nights &amp; will probably stay there again. overall i would recommend staying here if your a single traveller or a couple.	
Jun 25 2009 	Worse than I expected	I am something of an experienced traveller and have been in hundreds of hotels, including in Africa in post-conflict situartions, but this is one of the worst I have ever stayed in: the rooms are small and badly furnished, some do not even have a wardrobe, the top floor is stifling hot and on the other floors the carpets are worn and with holes.The staff are occasionally helpful and more often could not give a damn, the TVs have only the 6 free UK channels and they do not always have a remote control.They say the hotel has wi fi, but it costs GBP 5 an hour (in the Internet cafes nearby, 1 GBP). If you lose the room key, they will charge you 30 GBP!More worrying, the rack rate for a double is 190 Pounds, which is extortionate for the place. You can get deals on the web, but just STAY AWAY and trust your Tripadvisor to help you choose somewhere else! Plenty of reasonable B &amp; Bs in the vicinity which are by far better than this horrid place.	
May 26 2009 	NOT WORTH THE £150 A NIGHT!	Came to london with some friends and stayed at this Hotel. Firstly the location is really good for getting around and using the tube (it is a three minute walk to London Paddington).Ive stayed in the Winrose hotel which is just around the corner, but this was fully booked. This in comparison was only £70 per night and much nicer.Some of the negatives:- It was a lovely and warm in London meaning our room got a little hot. The issue : The window wouldnt stay open so we had to gather newspapers from reception to prop open the sash window to try and let some air into our room.- The shower was rubbish, I think I could have spat faster than it ran.- My sister and I found a few black long hairs in our room (we are both blondish !), not many, but enough to make u think ewwwww!!!	
May 10 2009 	Don't go there find some place else to stay!	This is an old, run down hotel. Staff is barely polite, let alone friendly. Service is poor, rooms are dirty and worn. After walking just a few steps on the carpet, my socks were dirty. Our room was next to a ventilation system, very noisy and hot. We changed rooms, but the problem stayed the same. The sash window kept falling down, we ended up keeping it open by putting a roll of toiletpaper between it. Breakfast is very minimal, and not of a very good quality. The only thing this hotel has got going for it, is the location. Good connections by bus and by tube.	
Apr 29 2009 	Stay away from this Hotel at all cost.	Worst budget hotel ever, it is not even worth a 3 stars. Trust me you wont want to go anywhere near this hotel. I had mouse running in my room at 245am which then I had to request a room change at that time. Upon check-out, unfriendly staff when trying to explain my problem with them, as they just chuff us off. Had a very bad experience and would never go back again.	
Apr 10 2009 	Clean but decor needs updating	We stayed here for one evening, which was enough. Sure it was clean which is what one can hope for but the decor of the room left alot to be desired. The room we had was thankfully quiet. We arrived at 5pm and after breakfast (which was ok) we were glad to be on our way. Another good point was location.	
Mar 9 2009 	Ok hotel but really noisy	Small room as are most hotel rooms in London. Had double bed and bathroom with bath and shower. Small desk and small wardrobe also. Staff were really very friendly and helpful. Staff could not be faulted. The location so close to Paddington is superb. The one thing with this hotel is the noise. There is no double glazing and the windows offer very little noise reduction. Was difficult to sleep with all the traffic as there are regular buses and traffic passing right outside the hotel.	
Dec 2 2008 	Avoid at all costs	Extremely small and dirty rooms. The nets which supposed to be white probably haven't been washed since the hotel opened. We had shampoo for washing our hands and when i asked for hand soap i've been told they don't do hand soap. The hotel picture on the website doesn't correspond with the hotel exterior.	
Dec 1 2008	Great location	I would definitely stay at Norfolk Towers again. First of all the locatin is great! only two blocks from Paddington Station (which make moving really easy), and located in beautiful Bayswater, very close to Oxford and Bond Sts., just walking distance from Notting Hill and really close to amazing Hyde Park. The hotel looks very nice and the staff was very polite and helpfull, and it was great that we could leave our laggage at the reception before checking in at 2pm.Our room was on the first floor (keep this in mind, as the lift is very slowly in this place), confortable and warm, as well as the bathroom, and it was always tidy and clean. If you're considering this hotel, just keep in mind that the wardrobe is a bit small.	
Nov 8 2008 	i'd rather sleep on the street	i will be brief but i regularly stay in budget hotels in London, so i know what to expect.however, i have to say this is undoubtedly the worst, here are my main concerns.1. You need to be a prize fighter to hit the lift button hard enough to make it work.2. The lift takes at least ten minutes to get form top to bottom (it has 5 floors)3. The hotel is heated to a constant 200+ degrees4. I dont know what colour the carpet is meant to be,its so threadbare5 The TV is from the 70'S it has no remote control and you change channel by twiddling the knobs6. The Continental breakfast was from a continent i have never been to -but it has coffee served only at lukewarm, cereals only made from chocolate, and no ham, or meatshowever in order to be fair there are a few positives.1.The shower worked2. Upgrade to full breakfast and the boiled sausage and tinned mushrooms3. The sex shop across the road next to the easy hotel made me laugh4. Checkout	
Oct 22 2008 	Decent but needs updating...	The hotel has location going for it. It's a two minute walk to Paddington Underground, which makes hopping around London very easy. My room was the usual London budget class- which means something about the size of a Super Max prison cell. The elevator was big enough for one large person, or two Asians with luggage.You could wait quite awhile for it but climbing four flights of stairs gets old after walking around the city all day. You might want to insist on a ground floor room. The staff were friendly and had a decent command of the English language, although none would be confused with being English.If you are like me and looking for a cheap place to flop and care nothing about amenities, this is your kind of place. There are a couple of decent pubs nearby (Fountains Abbey, Royal Exchange) for a pint and fast food joints along Praed Street.	
Sep 7 2008 	Nice Accomodation	Excellent location , friendly ,helpful staff .The rooms were clean,free coffee in the room.In general it is a very good hotel!!!!!I am just wondering , as I found in one of the reviews that the rate in August 30 was 50 pounds ,while I was charged about 78 pounds!!? I am anxious to know.One last comment is the lift .It was too too slow ,&amp; it is only one for the whole hotel.In general i was pleased &amp; hope to go back soon.Thanks	
Sep 5 2008 	Excellent value	We booked before reading any reviews and were dismayed when we read some. However, our stay was a very good experience. One must consider the price when applying criteria; bearing this in mind, our views are as follows.The welcome was good. All staff were polite and helpful. The breakfast was good. The room was comfortable but needed some refurbishment. The maintenance man should be replaced - he replaced a leaking basin plug with one which was too small (obviously didn't test it) and then didn't return the key to reception ! The only problem was noisy guests in the corridor late at night - probably the very types who give bad reviews ? (The corridors were well carpeted so that noise was reduced.) The location was ideal - near to the Tube, to Paddington main line and to buses (do number 15s disappear when they reach their western destination ?) There are several good inexpensive restaurants nearby. Very helpful was the facility to store one's cases before booking in and after booking out (no charge).	
Aug 30 2008 	Worth the money	After reading the reviews on here i was abit dubious, but what can i say, for £50 for a central London Hotel, i think it was worth the money. Yes, the carpet was a bit thin in the room, and the bed was too soft for my liking (but i'm fussy) but we arrived early morning and our luggage was stored all day for us. We needed an iron in the evening and they couldn't find theirs, but it was delivered to our room within 10 minutes. We had a front room on the 3rd floor, and the room was hot, but had air conditioning unit in it. It was a bit noisy, but thats probably only because i was tossing and turning from the soft mattress. Luggage was stored all day the next day for us and we were always served by smiling staff. We had fresh sheets and towels, as well as showel gel, and the bathroom was clean.Breakfast was not included, but there is plenty of places between the hotel and tube that do full english breakfast including tea or coffee for £4.Garfunkels opposite the Tube was superb, really reasonable and lovely surroundings and service.All in all, a fab place to use as a base and get your head down in the centre of London.... there is far too much to see and do to be whinging about all the little things.Its £50... if you want 5 star, then go to the Ritz !!	
Aug 26 2008 	Avoid like the plague	I booked for a friend's daughter and her friend for 3 nights in London with a Spanish booking engine, Venere.All was well, I got a reservation number and they charged my Spanish credit card accurately. I got an SMS to confirmWhen they got to the hotel, they were told there was NO reservation and that despite having the reservation number correctly written down. the hotel was adamant that there was indeed no booking. The hotel refused to let her use their phone to call me and instead she had to use a hideously expensive Swedish PAYG. I told her to wait in reception and NOT accept their offer of full rack rate @ 220 GBP for what was clearly not much better than a badly-run Youth Hostel.I then tried to find anybody in their reservations who spoke passable English (this was London!) and eventually a staff-member admitted that they did have a reservation but it was as &quot;Smith Mary&quot; and not &quot;Mary Smith&quot;. By this time, I had lost all hope of getting any sense and asked why the guy in reception had not checked against the reservation number and got some rubbish as a reply about &quot;security issues&quot;. WHY, in the name of all that is good, should quoting the correct number and having a passport to PROVE who you are is that a security issue. I sent a curt email asking them to apologise to &quot;Mary&quot; and check their &quot;systems&quot;. NO reply ever and no apology to her.As she was checking out, the inevitable happened, She was asked to pay the full rate. I absolutely completely lost it with the receptionist whose knowledge of English was on a level with my Middle High Mongolian. I explained in words of ONE syllable that I had a reservation with VENERE, that I had paid through VENERE and what had happened at check-in. Gets better, guys......as it was Sunday he says I will have to pay the WHOLE amount again and re-claim through reservations on Monday. That was it. For the first time in MANY YEARS I completely lost it and explained exactly what chance of him charging me again was and that if he did not let have her passport in the next 30 seconds the police would be called, Eventually, he started to be a BIT more helpful and came out with some rubbish about them having the money but it was showing in their system in Euros!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I checked with my friend, ensured that she had her passport etc and that was ready to leave,I sent a blazing email the next day but 3 weeks later NO REPLYSo NORFOLK TOWERS Hotel in Paddington is a COMPLETE NONONONONO	
Aug 20 2008 	Really nice hotel	My partner and stayed for one night, unfurtunately it could not be longer we had to get home. I checked the Norfolk Towers out on Trip Adviser- only complaints small rooms and a bit noisy. Our room was not small a massive bed-2 singles pushed together, but was comfy. I requested the quieter side of the hotel when I booked, and it was, a ground floor quiet room. The only complaint I may of had was, if I had a longer stay it would have been good to have a wardrobe, as there was ony four coat hangers attached on poles to the wall. The staff were really nice and helpfull, we arrived at the hotel well before we could book in and they stored our case on day of arrival and departure. We will deffo go back. Book through Hotels.com it cost us £65.00 instead of £150.	
Aug 6 2008 	bedbug	That was the worst experience I ever had. I've been biten by insect- bedbug!!! They were in a bed or carpet, however now I have to eat tablets and take a special cream on it. I'm so disappointed!!!	
Jul 5 2008	Disappointing!	We booked a room for £90, which we expected to be budget but this was less than budget! The room was in the basement with no view other than walls. It was dark and and small. There was no wardrobe only a hook on the wall. The bathroom was old, cracked and dirty. It needed gutting. Im glad we only stayed for one night as I dont think we could have faced going back there for another night.The bar was actually the pub underneath the hotel. The breakfast room needed decorating and the staff could hardly speak english.Our advice dont stay there! Not even for a budget break.	
Jun 27 2008 	not professional	I booked the hotel one month before staying but upon arrival they said they are overbooked. That's why they gave as a room in a neighboring Norfolk Plaza hotel (&quot;WITH THE SAME STANDARTS&quot;) (but from receptions and pictures I saw it didn't look the same) . It was quite cheap and for 1 night anyway so I didn't argue with them	
Jun 25 2008 	CheapBasic- OK for 2 nights just !	Stayed for 2 nights quick jaunt over to see Santana at the O2 dome. Basic and very small room (402) double bed, twin rooms seem a lot bigger ! Downstairs bar (Cads) was ok. Didn't do breakfast - loads of cheap cafes close by for this at £3 full breakfast - much better value and no morning rush before 10am! Paid £89 for 2 nights for 2 people, so a real bargain for London and Tube 150 yards around the corner. Bathroom small, shower slightly problematic but eventually got it to the right temperature ! Staff were all pleasant, don't know what everyone's complaining about. Get this place at the price we did (independant,online) and don't go for your anniversary and you'll be fine ! PS: Carlos was superb !	
Jun 20 2008 	sorry wont ever return and wont ever recommend	Frankly, I would never return, though for one night on a small budget it is okay. It's close to Paddington Station, and that is pretty much it. If you really don't mind a super narrow elevator, small rooms, worn-down carpets etc, but price-wise not so much (considering you are in London) then go for this one. If you do, then choose another hotel, away from Paddington area anyways. I definitely would. Staff was ok, not friendly, nor rude. Breakfast was small, not much available, and the rest was just...very &quot;British&quot; when it comes to cheap hotels. They need to do a lot on this hotel, it would be so cute if everything would just be cleaner, nicer, and more welcome...	
Apr 26 2008 	Ok For Just One Night	We booked this hotel through hotels.com because we were going to see a show and this was just a couple of stops by tube from Piccadilly circus, also reasonably priced at £99 inc breakfast for a twin room.We arrived a bit early so our room &quot;was not ready&quot;, we went downstairs to the bar which was a bit seedy &amp; i would not recommend women go there at night. The room was OK size &amp; storage wise but the bathroom was tiny. The bath had hairs still in it (all sorts of hairs!!!) the tiles were hanging off and i had to use all my strength to turn the shower tap on and off. The view was of the fire ladder &amp; a roof as well as some sort of generator, the double doors had a kind of bar at the top and to be honest it had obviously been prized open a few times so we wedged things against it at night, it was however quiet but hot so we put the fan on which helped a bit.DO NOT trust the hairdryer - take your own the PAT test was well over a year ago and when i tried to use it it fell apart. A real fire hazard.For breakfast the offering was toast, croissants, fruit &amp; yogurt - a nice omelette or similar would have been good but you have to pay for anything hot. At least you can have as much as you like so you would not go away hungry. (FULL ENGLISH - £10).I have read comments about the rude unhelpful staff but to be honest we found them OK - fairly smiley &amp; there is a Chinese couple that run the bar &amp; the breakfast who are helpful.As the title says this hotel is OK for one night - the pictures are 100% accurate. book on line and save at least £50.P.S not recommended for a romantic get away.	
Apr 23 2008 	Not that bad!	Our experience of the hotel was not as bad as everyone else has made out...It was fine for what we needed it for which was just mainly for a comfortable sleep and nice breakfast. We were there a couple of nights just for a short sightseeing break. The bed was very comfortable and it was nicer than I thought it would be..if you want to stay there it is good for the price..although it is quite basic and yes a tiny bathroom but overall we had a pleasant stay!	
Apr 7 2008 	A horrible hote with stinking sewers up to 5th floor!	Appalling hotel. We were given the 5th floor and it was fine in the beginning. Then my partner and I left for dinner and a theatre show. When we came back, the room stinched of sewers. We realised it came from the bathroom. We had to get a new room. It was very unsafe leakage. We were place on a second floor and the heating was centrally controlled. It was old fashioned technology and the room looked like a bad brothel in Thailand. We had to open the windows to let cool air in but the traffic outside was horrendous and noisy all night.  I then remember that most lorries and cargo trucks travel into central London late at night to do their business as part of the local traffic rules. It was the worst worst place I have stayed in London. Not again!	
Mar 23 2008 	Noisy Radiators	Noisy radiator The room (G6) looked nice enough at first but we didn’t bank on being kept awake most of the night by the noise of the radiator. The radiator made a constant hissing noise. Eventually at around midnight I went to the reception desk to ask them to do something about it. The male receptionist came armed with a wrench to out room. He tried to shut down the radiator but was unable to. When I asked to be moved to another room I was told they were full and there was nothing else they could do until the morning. The next day we were moved to the room next door (G7) only to find the same problem. The radiator was also too hot to touch and the room was stiflingly hot. To make matters worse the knob to turn it off was missing. Again the receptionist arrived with the wrench, (which seamed to have a permanent home behind the Reception Desk). The only alternative was to close the radiator down and this did silence the radiator but left us with no heating in our room. The room has 2 single beds pushed together to make a 6 foot double but only a normal double duvet was supplied. The staff were polite and as helpful as possible but events ware clearly out of there hands. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Mar 11 2008 	clean but basci	First thing:my girlfriend and I generally stay in hostel, so we are kind of easy going people.Having said that we arrived and check in but we were told we couldn't get the double room but a twin for the same price. just the comfort is not the same!!I complained so they offer to add the continental breakfast we didn't pay for...fine but the following day they wanted me to pay for it!!Location is good close to good line of the tube and the place is clean for English standard and price is ok.But people at the reception desk weren't really nice and helpful.Other stuff was a bit annoying like the tele that didn't work or wasn't tune in and the windows just on the street.I wouldn't go back and if I think I went there to save 10£ on the price of a 4 star in the same area....	
Mar 1 2008 	Avoid Norfolk Towers in London	Though the hotel was paid in advance, on check-in the clerk fairly rudely insisted it was not. So, I paid again, only to have to sort it all out later with many phone calls and emails. That was the first hassle. Then, the room was dirty, with lots of foreign hair all over the bed, pillows, etc. But they insisted they were full up (not likely, from the looks of the lobby, hallways) and told us just to try not to touch the hair.Tiny room, not worth it. One slow and tiny elevator. Good location is the only positive.	
Feb 27 2008 	Plesantly surprised	Won this by auction on EBAY. Was very doubtful having read some of the reviews. However, was pleasantly surprised by the hotel itself. Have stayed in worse hotels! All the staff were friendly and helpful. We had booked a double room - its biggest downside - as there was not room to swing a cat. It was adequte though and had everything needed for a good night's rest. Would probably have been better booking a twin? The bar in the basement really is the cheapest around. Lager £1.70 a pint and house doubles £1.75. Did not eat in the restaurant apart from breakfast which was included and was very good. Quite a large choice. Full English or continential (cheaper). Paddington itself is very convenient for not only the Train Station but the tube, buses and the London Bus Tour. Kensington Gardens, Hyde Park, Marble Arch, Oxford Street, Albert Hall - and much much more - all within walking distance.	
Jan 27 2008 	not fawlty towers - faulty towers	Arrived 11.00am after travelling since 5.00am - knew could not get into room til 2.00pm, so left bag and spent a few hours walking around Kensington Gdns, returned 1.30pm, receptionists were adept at ignoring us and avoiding eye contact, made us wait until exactly 2.00pm before would give us key to room! Eventually entered room to find very, very basic accomodation, really no space for comfort, bed was lop-sided, wife was about 4 inches above me as bed sloped left to right. Went to Cads bar for a drink that evening, was ok, lot of locals and guys from building trade - wife was only woman in bar apart from a pleasent bar maid. Moved up to hotel lounge with our drinks when karaoke started - not our thing!! Went back to bar to get wife a Tia Maria - was told had none, said I noticed a bottle in bar upstairs - rude, abrupt bar man said that had nothing to do with them! Back in lounge asked reception staff if bar in lounge was open - said no, only open during afternoon! Then proceeded to close the bar! From this moment on we avoided having anything to do with unfriendly, unhelpful staff!!The only thing I would recommend about this hotel is the location, it is 2-3 minutes from Paddington Tube/Rail station and a leisurely 15-20mins from Oxford Street, Hyde Park and Marble Arch.Beyond the front doors and lounge it is pretty basic,bordering on below average, the lift has to be the slowest in London and the staff are jobsworths with poor personalities and a very high degree of unhelpfullness. Only stay here if you cannot find somewhere else - and believe me in the immediate vicinity there are at least another 20 hotels!!	
Oct 30 2007 	Exactly What we Wanted	We went down for the American Football at Wembley, and as we were only staying for one night, we just wanted a cheap place to stay . We got exactly that. A nice clean room, a very hot and powerful enough shower, and a classy looking reception area, all for a reasonable price. Cannot comment much on the overall hotel as it was only the 1 night, but a very good stopover it was.	
Oct 12 2007	Strange Hoel	They seem to have a problem with some ex residents who have had keys cut. We experienced a man coming into our room at 2am in morning. A very nervy experience. When informing staff they sort of knew what was going on, letting us know they had had similar complaints, with article going missing from rooms. This incident upset my family greatly and we never felt comfortable / safe again.On the plus side, the staff were all thoughtful and attentive.	
Oct 9 2007 	We won't go back !	Don't ever try to have reservation of room of this hotel ! Solely because of the so-called hotel female staff “Yolanda” on reception. She was the rudest person I ever met. When we arrived at the hotel the staff “Yolanda” was extremely rude. She did say though we had reservation of room via internet (what kind of service- guaranteed room), we had to move to another nearby hotel with better quality without stating any reason, without mentioning number of nights to stay (even though 1 night is applicable). Only we had to do was to pay prior their sending us to that hotel. We don’t think this practice (payment before check in; shifting to other hotel without prior notice by email but just upon our arrival) is viable in UK, that is a EU state. If the staff was polite enough, we could make it without any complain. But the most pin-point was the rudest staff kept saying “No, No, No…” to our question (observe the new hotel before pay) and kept yelling and “blah, blah, blah,…” without saying excuse me/apology. She was the one, ever since I met, make customers extraordinarily feel upset. When we want back our luggage from the luggage storage after touring, there was a crowd waiting for check-in. The said staff just kept us waiting and waiting several and several minutes, we were again being ignored and of course we got to catch our flight at that time. We don’t think she had rendered the right service to customers. She could simply ask other staff’s assistance if she could not well manage the front desk matters. But we only noted that she stared at us but facing the crowd.Norfolk Towers Hotel needs urgently be refurbished with receptionist. The elevator was a challenge getting luggage into; old furniture; very low room size; breakfast very average; street nearby is quite busy; TV didn't work properly.From a Upset young couple	
Oct 4 2007 	never judge a book by its cover	what looked like a pretty decent hotel from the outside soon reveiled its true colours once inside !staff seemed disorganised and easly distracted, the phone and the postman were more important than the paying customer trying to check in.The rooms were dull, basic and looked tired, going into the bathroom was like stepping back in time and beware of housekeeping walking into your room at 8.00am ready to clean up even though check out is 11.00am.The only good thing about this place is the location, but l would rather spend a little more time travelling than go back again.	
Sep 17 2007 	Alirght nothing flash	Booked this hotel online, 1 night for £89 for a twin room as we were down for the cricket final watching Durham. The hotel seems nice from outside and when you get to the rooms they arent that spacious but clean all the same. Location wise, its a 5 minute walk to Hyde Park, 10 minute to Marble Arch. Notting Hill is 20 minute walk easy. Lords cricket ground is 20 minute walk also. Not much nightlife around that area to be honest, a couple of pubs but thats about it. Hotel is ok though and would recommend if staying for a night.	
Sep 17 2007 	Pleasantly Surprised	I booked this hotel through Hotelsdirect.com as it was one of their recommended hotels. Having done so I then looked on trip advisor and as a result of the poor reviews nearly cancelled my booking. I'm so pleased that i didn't as the hotel was excellent. I can see what the other reviews mean about the decor being dated but the staff were friendly and helpful, the location was excellent, and the room was clean and tidy. The room rates were very competative for central london. I would definitely recommend Norfolk Towers. Some local ammenities we found were ASK pizzaria, Paddington station, Oxford Street and Hyde Park (all within 10 minutes walk).	
Aug 20 2007 	Ok hotel needs a make over	This hotel is in a good location, but for the price, there are better hotels out there.The staff are friendly and helpful.The rooms are a little dated and a bit on the small side.	
Jul 12 2007 	The Best of the Worst?	My stay at the Norfolk Towers marked my first stay in London. Unfortunately, I read no reviews such as this but was rather persuaded by a few enticing pictures of the hotel. I felt swindled after a two night stay at £80 a night. Very outdated to say the leastbut was about an 8/10 on cleanliness. It is not a bad place to crash but I don't see the value. I found the location quite convenient. Breakfast was good. I did not feel like my room was safe. I had a few valuables with me that I did not want to carry on me around town nor did I feel safe leaving them in the room. I ended up getting clever and hiding them away in my room. I found it quite an annoyancethat the were painting the halls and staining doors including the oneto my room! Sadly the management/owners don't give a rats [---] about these issues because I believe they are in such a high traffic area they don't catch (or need to) any repeat customers. Was it just me or is London bloody EXPENSIVE!?!?!	
Jul 4 2007	Not in Westminister and in need of redecoration	I booked this hotel in a hurry on the basis that the address claimed to be in Westminister. Now it may well be in the council area of Westminister but it is nowhere near House of Commons etc.While the outside and reception area is nice the hotel inside is very dated. Everything inside is from the 1970s and is now old and grubby. The only station was worked on the TV was Sky News. I would consider that there is better quality accommadation available in London for the price that was being charged (£79 for the night or £99 for the standard rate).This is more of a guest house than a hotel as the bar was closed at 1AM on a Friday night/Saturday morning.	
Jul 2 2007	You get what you pay for.	Stayed for 2 nights with a voucher won on EBAY . Room 314 . Small room with double bed, firm and clean. Old cupboard and chest of drawers, drawers did not open very well, carpet well worn. Bathroom ok shower was good but old and had plenty of hot water when required. Towels changed each day. Only 5 uk TV channels. Window was old sash style and did not keep out the noisy, that is not to say that it was a noisy area but we did hear some noisy youth one night walking down the road outside.Full Engkish breakfast was included in the price, and after reading some other previous post I was very impressed with what was on offer for breakfast. The hotel is only 5 mins walk along the flat from Paddington station. There are better rooms in thr hotel and prehaps because i was using an ebay voucher I was given an old room. My overall thoughts are that for what I paid I was happy with tha accomadation and food. If its just somewhere to sleep after a hard days sightseeing in London and you are happy with a clean place then try here.	
Jun 30 2007 	Perfect choice!!!	Stayed at the Norfolk towers hotel for 3 nights from June 20 to 23rd, wasn't expecting much after reading the reviews here. I was pleasently surprised. I arrived and check in was quick, staff was very nice and helpfull. Got my room keys and went to the 4th floor. Got a twin bedroom for me and my friend and found the room was large for London standards, it was a bit outdated but the beds were very confortable and everything was clean. The bathroom was spotless, we got fresh towels everyday and we even bumped into the manager who was checking every room after the mades have done it. Coffee and tee making facilities were available as well as hairdryer and tv. Not that we used them much, as we intended to explore London and enjoy INXS's concert at Hammersmith Apollo. I have been in several hotels in London and this one is one of the best value for money.  Breakfast was served from 7-10 am on the basement, a very clean and spacious breakfast room, we had lots to pick from, toasts, croissants, cerials, fruit, juice, milk, coffee and the staff was nice and always worried about refiling the juice machines or the milk or anything, so that everything we needed would be there.  Front desk were always nice and very helpfull when we needed directions or bus/tube info. A great choice in London, just a 5 mins walk to Paddington tube station and located in a nice and secure area. I will be back for sure.  If you look for a nice and clean place to stay, look no further.	
Jun 10 2007 	Not unless you have to!	We stayed at the Norfolk Towers hotel on 9th June for 1 night in 2 single rooms following the George Michael concert at Wembley.I had previously researched lots of hotels and as we needed to keep the cost down this hotel seemed the best of a bad bunch. I was aware of the bad reviews but we decided that as we only needed somewhere to sleep for 8 hours and a shower in the morning that we would take the risk.The reviews on here that I have read are spot on.The reception area / check in wasn’t too bad and we did actually start to think that maybe it would be ok. Check in was quick are the staff polite and helpful.We were sent to our rooms and to start with I could get the key in the lock of the door. I tried for several minutes and then fetching housekeeping to help. It was just me but as the handle almost felt like it was falling off I didn’t want to risk forcing it.As I entered the room I had to turn sideways to get through the door. The room was tiny with a single bed, television, telephone, wardrobe, wall mirror and tea &amp; coffee making facilities. The room was a slightly odd shape but it was about 10 x 8. Even if you took all the furniture out you still could not have got 2 single beds in next to each other. Bed – Bed was ok for comfort although I got the feeling it was old as you did tend to sink into it slightly. The 2 pillows were comfy however the bedding did have marks on it, although I do think they were stains that wouldn’t come out in the wash rather than unwashed bedding.T.V. – I didn’t realise ones this old were still around. There was no remote however I think it was probably before remotes existed. There were the usual channels 1 -5 and Sky News. The picture was fuzzy.Wardrobe – was ok although you could only half open the door as the bed was in the way.Tea &amp; coffee making facilities – This was probably the best thing about the room, enough for 2 drinks although didn’t recognise the brands. Coffee tasted ok.One thing to be aware of in here is that the room gets very hot so you may want to rethink about staying here in the summer months. There was a fan but it was pretty useless and the sun was on the room all day. The window did open but again it didn’t really help. In fact it was so hot I had to take a cold shower just to cool down.The temperature had cooled down however when we returned at midnight and I was able to sleep comfortably with the fan on and window open (the 6-7 drinks may have also helped!) although by 10:30am it had really got hot again that I just had to get out.I found the room very quiet and didn’t really hear any noise until about 10:30am when the cleaners started.There was this weird bedside table thing that seemed to have a radio built in, it was wooden. I’m sure they were probably around in the 70s. I have no idea if it worked or not.The décor of the room was not nice, carpet looked like it could do with a clean, bits of wallpaper peeling off, patches on the ceiling where some water seemed like it had leaked at some stage. Paint was peeling off the window frame and sill and the skirting boards and door frames were very scuffed.The bathroom again was very small although fairly clean. It was a little difficult to get to the toilet as the sink was in the way. The shower was tiny and there did seem to be some mould on the tiles. The shower curtain stuck to my back for the whole of the shower which grossed me out! I hate shower curtains at the best of times they are so unhygienic. There was only shower gel available. There was hot water available in the shower however you probably won’t want it due to the heat.I didn’t eat or drink in the hotel so cannot comment on the food etc.There were free newspapers available in reception in the morning.On a positive note it is very convenient for the Bakerloo line just a couple of minutes walk away.To summarise I would not stay here again and I would not recommend it to a friend but I’m sure you could do worse. You will not get ill from staying here so if you do need a cheap room you may want to consider it for 1 night however the size of the room would do your head in if you were planning to spend any time other than sleeping in there.	
Apr 24 2007	2nd option!! not out of choice	After booking The Blakemore hotel several weeks ago i recieved a phone call the morning of travel telling me they were over booked and moving us to their sister hotel.It was a bit late to do anything at such short notice.we arrived at the hotel a little early but were given our room,it was small and with very old fashioned furnishings it was reasonably clean but a little shabby.The bathroom was small with an ancient shower (although hot). The position was handy for transport but i did feel as we were to ladies on our own in the evening coming back the area was a bit dodgy and i did'nt feel100% safe (it was only 10.30p.m).The breakfast was not worth getting up for our's was included in the price of the room if it had'nt been i would have refused to pay,a bowl of fruit salad consisting of apple,apple and apple,cereal,juice,very thin white and brown bread for you to toast yourself and a few hard rolls with jam.Staff o.k but would not stay here again.	
Apr 18 2007 	omg the room	we arrived at the hotel sat 14h of april 2007. went down nstairs to bar to meet my friends.then nwe was able to see our rooms my room was a double 516.i was appaled by the condition of the room the taff was most unhelp full. and to top it no breakfast the next morning . i could not sleep in the bed due to sheets had black bits on them the dust behind radiator was disgusting .in general the room was not fit to sleep in we endedup leaveing hotel 3am in morning we could not stay there a minutemore,there should be food avalable 24/7 we all ended leaveing the bar sat eve very angry we was not able to relax enough to enjoy ourselfs this was the first hotel that never inculded breakfast this needs to be changed.from one very angry guest jgolding @ k gibbs	
Feb 28 2007 	The family room is large!	We were worried, having read the reviews after we had booked! However were pleasantly surprised. The hotel is very close to paddington station and all the tourist sites are within easy reach. We booked a family room and were given a large room on the ground floor, with 2 single and 1 doublebed. The room was clean and spacious and appeared to have been refurbished recently. Luckily for us the shower worked and was hot! The bathroom had a cracked tile and was quite small, but no smaller than those in other hotels that I have stayed in.All in all more than adequate for a short stay	
Feb 18 2007 	Ok if you dont want a shower.	The hotel room for a double was small and the bathroom was adequate but had paint peeling off the ceiling. We later found out why this was. We came back to the room in the evening to find water dripping through the ceiling and the floor covered in water.We told reception and we were moved to another room. In the morning we discovered that the room had no hot water. We contacted reception again and they said they would sort it out. They didn't. We went to breakfast without showers.We complained to the booking agency and they managed to get us a part refund from the hotel management before we left.Staff were friendly and did what they could but the stay was spoiltby what had happened.	
Jan 30 2007	Good Value Helpful Staff	We stayed here for one night following a night out in the West End. It is conveniently situated for Paddington and the Bakerloo Line.The room was small, but it was clean and fine for a night. The rates were v compertitive and the staff were very helpful and pleasant.	
Jan 28 2007 	not as bad as expected.	Pleasantly surprised. We stayed at this hotel for one night on 22 January 2007. On booking in we were given room 05 on the Ground floor which was small and opened out onto a door in the main corridor plus had the continuous noise of the heating system from a chimney right outside the window. I asked reception for a different room as we would have been unable to sleep with the continuous noise. Without any argument we were moved to room 02 again on the ground floor. This is a family room with a double and 2 single beds and was very large and in good decorative order. Although the view from the window was of a yard with building materials there was no noise. We had booked a continental breakfast and after reading previous reports we were a little apprehensive. We found the breakfast area to be well decorated and clean. The food was acceptable and there was plenty of choice which was topped up when required. Altogether a satisfactory experience for the price.Just one warning do not expect to be able to park near the hotel even if just to unload or even if you have a disabled badge. The parking attendants will have given you a ticket and disappeared in less than the time it takes you to ask directions to the long stay carpark. Also from Mid February the hotel will be within the extended congestion charging area.	
Jan 23 2007 	never again	I stayed at this hotel in september 2006 for 2 nights , upon arriving i thought i had made a good choice, how wrong was i !!!! the room was tiny, and disgusting, the wallpaper was hanging off the walls, the bed linen was dirty and full of cigarette burns ,also the carpet was torn and dirty. The bathroom was a disgrace the bath mat was black and full of mould and smelt awful, also the furniture was very old fashioned and very dated. When i saw the housemaids in the morning, i requested that the bed linen be changed . We returned after some sight seeing only to find that my bed had clean linen but exactly the same linen had been put on my friends bed !!! What a cheek ! I would not stay at this hotel ever again even if it was £3 a night !!!!!	
Nov 27 2006 	Avoid it	Priceline pitches this place as a passable 3 star. It's not even a 1 star. The carpets are stained, dirty and held together with duct tape. The wallpaper is peeling and there are no mattress pads on the bed. The television was broken for the two days I stayed there. And the front desk staff wanted to charge me 5 GBP to store my stuff in their safe. Several of the staff members were pleasant, several were not.I would never stay here again.	
Nov 16 2006 	ok for a night!	i stayed in this hotel in june as it was close to hyde park and i was going to an event in hyde park. its proximity to hyde park meant only a 30 minute walk (maybe less depends on your walking speed), this i found very convienient. I found the hotel itself quite satisfactory for 1 nights stay, the check in staff were good and helpful, the rooms were ok, they could have been cleaner, the room had a feel of being old and could of done with a lick of paint! i suppose the bottom line to this hotel is its more than adequate for a nights stay, 2 nights at a push, but any more than that i'd look for something a little better!!	
Oct 29 2006 	Avoid if possible	Small cramped rooms, bathroom was hardly wider than the bath itself, wallpaper loose, room fittings (lights etc) loose, bed uncomfortable (very, very soft), breakfast poor (small selection of food), lift was small and cramped (could just fit two people plus luggage in it).Try and find somewhere elsewhere, unless you're desperate.	
Oct 6 2006 	Norfolk Towers O.K.	I stayed at the Norfolk Towers hotel for one night only as I was off to see Little Britain Live at the Hammersmith Appolo. Once I had arrived into Paddington I could not find the hotel at first, so I went to the Norfolk Plaza hotel to ask directions. It was only up the road on the right. It was pouring down with heavy rain and I was getting soaked along with my case. I found the hotel was located in a side road and made my way into reception. very nice decor, chairs and sofas. with the lift. Check in was easy! Staff friendly. I only had to sign and give my home address. The lift was very slow and small. (quite uncomoftable when others join you). I was on the fourth floor room 405. It was directly opposite the lift, so some noise could be heard when people used the lift. I was staying alone, so was pleasntly surprised to see I had a double bed. The room had a wardrobe with full size mirror, desk, chair, (with mirror on the wall), hairdryer, television, tea and coffee making facilities and ample lighting. (two bed lamps on the walls and one on the wall near to the mirror.) Also bed side table with contorls for the room. The window was quite grubby as well as the net curtains. (Faded). Bed linen ws clean but bed was very soft. The en suite bathroom was ok, but had a dirty floor with cracked broken tiles. The shower took a long time to heat up. Other than that very clean. I did not use the bar whilst there as when I had returned to the hotel, I went to get a coke and they said they were closed at 11pm. (CADS) in the basement. The other bar was not open whilst I was there. (In the lounge area in reception).I had continental breakfast included in my cost. Which said included- tea/coffee, fruit salad, toast and preserves, selection of rolls, cheese. I did not see any rolls. The cups for the juice were dirty (not cleaned properly). The table cloths were stained and the plants on the tables were dusty. Also the tea cups were stained. Food was not bad though, although I did not have anywhere to put the used teabag.Would I return to this hotel?? I am unsure, it was just a base to see the show really. The Hilton looked more appealing ;)	
Sep 30 2006 	no air conditioning!!	I stayed there for four nights with a friend of mine, and we were really disappointed.We paid nearly 100€ a night. Of course that is not too expensive for England. But I've always booked rooms through the internet, and ALWAYS got great rooms for about 50-70€. Some good things about the hotel: - The staff are really nice and helpful.- Great locationAnd some bad, really bad things:- No air conditioning (first time in my life I don't have air conditioning in a hotel room).- The lift. It's so scary! Oh my God, I couldn't believe those doors closing. Dreadful.- The room. Our window couldn't be opened (it was blocked so we couldn't open it - I guess it is becouse we were in the first floor, so that noone could get in from the street).- No key-card. You get the old huge keyring that you have to give back everytime you leave the hotel.- You have to pay your entire stay as you enter the hotel. They don't even give you a chance to take a look at your room (if they did, many customers would simply run away)But this is the UK, and this is London. Everything is just expensive.Would I stay there again? I don't know. It's a pain, knowing the low quality. But we have to admit it's impossible to get good quality for less than 100€, anywhere in London.	
Sep 5 2006 	What you need to know about this hotel	This hotel is really not bad, especially for London, where everything is small and really expensive. I booked it at [-] and it cost me $100 per night as opposed to $220 that the hotel charges directly. The room was very spacious by London standards, it was clean, and the hotel location is great. I did not have breakfast included, because their continental breakfast is just some toast and cereal, and if you want to eat it at the hotel it costs you $12. So I just bought sandwiches or eggs at the local bakery for half the cost. The only negative things I can say about this hotel are this: I specifically booked a double not a twin room but still got a twin. The hotel told me that they will try and change my room the next day but I could not unpack since they would move my bags while I was out. I decided to stay in this room anyway. Also, the beds were so soft that I would weak up with a sore back every morning. but then all the beds ar elike that in London from what I gather. Anyway, the hotel staff is very friendly and nice, the bathroom is clean, everything is really great except for the bed mix up.	
Aug 31 2006 	not nice....	we booked the hotel through booking.com &amp; according to the site, breakfast was included..but when we arrived at the hotel, we were told that no breakfast included with our price(56quid/nyt). it was very disappointing although we didn't make a big deal out of it since we can have breakfast in other places outside anyway. another one was we were given a twin bed during our first night instead of a double bed which was clearly stated in our booking(so, my husband &amp; i ended up sleeping on separate beds!) the room was small (but clean)&amp; the u cannot even fully open the door in the bathroom! they have a very bad lift, a very small hallway &amp; the staff were not really friendly &amp; helpful! (somebody even took the food/fruits in my friend's room &amp; leave 5 pcs of grapes! funny,huh!) i would not recommend this hotel to anyone &amp; would not come back here again!	
Jul 23 2006 	Never again!!	My husband, daughter and I stayed for one night in this hotel and we will never be back!!Although the staff were OK, the room was tiny and had no air conditioning so none of us slept well given the heat. The bathroom was also tiny and the shower pretty poor.The lift is tiny and claustrophobic. The breakfast was unremarkable.	
Jul 11 2006	You get what you pay for	Don't waste money paying for breakfast! If there is any food left there will be a very limited choice. It was a bit of a farce watching them ration the rolls and the &quot;fresh fruit salad&quot; was chopped apple (if there was any at all).Staff whisked plates away at 9.45 prompt - so be there early. They obviously take more guests than the dining room can cope with. If you arrive for breakfast with only a short time to spare you will probably have to wait until they have a table, by which time all you can have to eat is toast (if they haven't removed it) and coffee (if it's still there).Room was clean, but tiny and VERY HOT! The lobby is air conditioned and the reception staff we encountered were very pleasant.Location is excellent and a walk along Edgeware Rd is an interesting experience.We would not go back to this hotel though, even although the price was good.	
Jul 6 2006	Could have ben worse.	We were there over thanksgiving 2005. Our triple room was actually quite large considering what most hotels in Europe are like. The beds had clean linens every day and the room seemed to be cleaned every day while we were gone. The first night we were there our heat was broken and the window next to one of the beds didn't close tightly. It was freezing outside, so I went and told the front desk about the problem and within 10 minutes someone was at the door to fix it. This was at around 10pm, so I was impressed to say the least that they acted so quickly.Now for the bad news. We were on the first floor in the room right above the pub and two of the nights we were there were apparently Karaoke night, so we were subjected to many horrible renditions of songs that were awful to begin with! Thank god the pub closed at 11:30pm.All in all, I would stay there again, but they just raised their price and I refuse to pay that much for a room that was pretty much just below average.	
May 29 2006	Pleasant Stay	24and 25 May 2006 stayed at the Norfolk Towes Hotel in oder that my wife and I with two friends could visit the Chelsea Flower Show. We all agreed that the cleanliness of our rooms was exceptional. This standard of cleanliness was also reflected throughout the hotel. Whist booking in the reception clerk realised that we had arrived as a party of four and immediately asked our friends if they would like to transfer to the same floor as ourselves. The breakfast we had booked was continental but when arriving in the dining room on the first morning we were offered the full English Breakfast for a price difference of £3. Both Full English and Continental breakfasts were excellent. We all agreed that our stay at the Norfolk Towers had been excellent value for money.	
May 28 2006	Never again	Just returned home from two nights at the Norfollk Towers Hotel, Paddington.The Good Points:Lots of hot water.Close to Paddington railway station.Good pub at the end of the street.The Bad Points:The room was so small only one of you could stand up at one given time. (double room)The bed was jammed against the wall, making it impossible to get out in the middle of the night. The patio doors were so rotten they would not close, causing us to have two sleepless nights from the noise outside.Bed sheets were dirty, We were bitten in the night!!Badly in need of re-decoration and maintence.The lift would only take you down to the basement, but would not bring you back again, (that was if you were luckly enough to get it in the first place) The lift doors also did not open fully making it difficult to get in/out with luggage.Continental breakfast was included, which was poor.Booked through hotels direct. Would not stay at the Norfolk Towers again.	
Apr 24 2006	As good as you pay	My husband and i stayed in Norfolk Towers over Easter. Below are the pro's and con's of the hotel:Pros: Clean, tidy, good location, excellent pub at end of the road, tube station 2 minutes walk.cons: Room en-suite small, no wardrobe but ther was a hook and hangers on the wall, water from shower lacked power to say the least, room was on the 5th floor and very warm with very little ventilation.Overall comments, the stay was comfortable althoughif you roll out of bed you would be in the bathroom without having to actually stand up. Lift was very slow but even more scary was that it was tiny - it says that it hold six people, i would have panicked if there was more than 2 in the lift at one time. We didnt have breakfast in the hotel but waited until we got into the centre of london and had better choice and ready to sight-see after eating.Great pub at the end of the road, cant remember the name but do gorgeous pub grub (price was excellent) and the atmosphere was like being in a pub at home. I would recommend the hotel to young people or a couple. Kids or more mature couple who need that bit more luxury i wouldnt recommend - for £50 a room you get what you pay for so dont expect anything more.P.S. - for those who complained about the hotel service, i agree that the old guy on reception is a grumpy thing but dont take it personally - after watching him speaking to another staff member i think he is Norfolk Towers version of 'Victor Meldrew'.	
Mar 22 2006	Reminded me of Faulty Towers!!??	Stayed here with my husband for a night in London. Close to Paddington Station, which come in handy.The room was very small. The double bed was against one wall which made it difficult to get out of if you needed to use the toilet in the night(climbing over one another)The TV packed up after 5 mins watching Dick N Dom in the morning! I nearly split my head open due to the angle of the TV when i first entered the room. There was an awful smell as you passed the corridor on 2nd floor. Never the lift when you wanted it. The ground floor seemed to be the place i wished i'd been put as this looked much more appealing and smelt far nicer than the 2nd.Breakfast was ok and did the trick but not sure i'd stay her again. The window would not stay open so had to be propped up with a toilet roll. One good thing there was plenty of HOT water!All in all this hotel was okay, so glad we didn't stay any longer!I'm not really a one to whinge, but it wasn't the greatest i have to say!	
Mar 14 2006	Thumbs up for the Norfolk Towers!	I had a relatively good experience with this hotel. Rooms were quite small, but most importantly clean, and for £50 a night you can't go wrong! Paddington station is 2mins walk away from all the tourist things and the area itself had lots of pubs and restaurants! I would definatley recommend the San Marco Italian restaurant- a lovely three course meal for two with bottle of wine all for £30! I would definately stay at this hotel again for a cheap weekend away!	
Jan 15 2006	Beware that old man! the rest is great.	I had a great stay at this hotel! Everything was really clean and everyone was really friendly. The place, especially its entrance and lobby, is very well done indeed. We stayed in a double room and found it just prefect, it had a good shower, heating was on all the time, TV worked well and cupboard space was good too! Their breakfast wasn’t much but what was there was good, although a little pricy. I would recommend you go for the continental breakfast as opposed to any of their cooked one’s.Only one event really upset my girlfriend and I. Just after we checked out we wanted to leave our bags with the hotel, which is a service they provide. This terribly rude and disrespectful old man appeared to take our bags! He spoke to us like idiots from the start, although we were happy and polite, and dared to ‘give out’ to us for something he didn’t listen to us about! And what’s worse is that he did all this in front of customers of the hotel waiting to check in! For this, I'm afraid I'll have to give this hotel a rating of only averge. Beware that old man! The rest is great.	
Dec 28 2005	Unless you get a Really cheap rate stay elsewhere!	I got this hotel through Priceline for 2 nights the week before Christmas. I would have been EXTREMELY upset if I had paid more than the $60.00USD/night rate I got through PL. The room was barely big enough for my luggage and me. The first morning there was NO hot water. I was told the boiler &quot;shut itself off”. I also turned on the heater in the room but felt no noticeable heat from the radiator. When I enquired about breakfast, I was told it was not included in my rate so I grabbed a bagel and coffee around the corner. The front desk person told me that there were NO ice machines anywhere in the hotel. I had to go downstairs to the club to get a glass of ice. There was absolutely no shelving or place in the bathroom in which to set your toiletries. I looked carefully at the sheets and pillows for cleanliness and although they were thin and old, they seemed clean. I would not book at this hotel intentionally. It is absolutely not a 3 star hotel as PL claims.	
Dec 27 2005	Christmas stay	We read all of the reviews we could find before we visited - and I'm glad that most of the reviewers had got it right! The rooms are small, but apart from that (bearing in mind all we did was sleep in the hotel over a hectic 4 day visit over Christmas) we found the rooms spotlessly clean, the service cheerful and friendly, the breakfast food - English and Continental - more than adequate and eatable (as opposed to edible) and the reception staff helpful and smiling at all times. We didn't leave a tip but we hope the staff enjoyed the wine we left for them! We will definitely consider staying there again!	
Dec 26 2005	Norfolk Towers Fawlty Towers?	Conveniently situated to Paddington Railway Station and Underground but rooms very small and tiny bathroom with no room for own toiletries. Double glazing does not appear to have been installed so room is very noisy. Continental breakfast included in price which is quite reasonable but small dining room can become cramped. A place to stay one time only!	
Dec 14 2005	Over booked	Hotel double booked (even though the booking was confirmed two days beforehand) so had to transfer our party to another hotel on the other side of London. Inititally the hotel staff were helpful and paid for taxis to other hotel - however, when the price was quiried the staff were extremely unhelpful!	
Nov 24 2005	Total Rip-Off at breakfast bar - BEWARE!	The room was tiny but ok, although booked a double bed, got two seperate beds - but still... Breakfast was included though they did not state at breakfast what you are &quot;allowed&quot; to take. I had English breakfast but somehow only continental breakfast was included - I do understand that I would be charged a little more for English breakfast but they charged me 9.95.- which means that I paid 6.95 for continental breakfast (which I did not have) PLUS 9.95 for a spoon full of beans an eggs - that makes 16.90.- for ONE breakfast (and I am not a guy who can eat tons) - that is an absolute disgrace! During the week there were more arguments over breakfast with other guest - maybe the hotel should rethink their policy or employ more friendly staff! I will definitely NOT come back!	
Oct 30 2005	"Pleasantly Surprised"	Booked this hotel before discovering this site and reading some of the horror reviews. We stayed at the hotel the week of the London bombings.The rooms were more than adequate for our needs and were spotless and serviced daily. The bed was nice and comfortable. The english breakfast was both plentiful and tasty. Apart from a couple of minor irritations, the slow lift and no where to put toiletries in the bathroom, i would definitely stay there again if in that part of London.	
May 30 2005	Nice hotel	We stayed in this hotel in May 2005, for 3 nights. Very close to the Paddington Station (3 min walk), it was in a parallel street, calm and quiet, but with buses almost at the door. There were several cafés, small supermarkets and restaurants along the way to the station. There was also a nice pub in the basement of the hotel.The breakfast was not included in the price, but the coffee and tea making facilities came in handy. They offer (and renew every day) four sachets of coffee, four sachets of tea, four little packages of milk, as well as plenty of white and caned sugar. For me it was enough for breakfast, accompanied with some cakes I bought the night before at a bakery close to the hotel. The building is not new and could use some renovation. There was only one lift, and it was very slow. We stayed in the 4th floor, but sometimes we decided to go up through the stairs, as the lift was so slow. The corridors are very small, and that can only be a problem when taking a lot of luggage. They can be stuck in the corners, but that's a problem of the type of building. As the hotel is a bit old, if someone runs or has a heavy step, you can feel it in your room. The room is small (as I believe most London hotel rooms are) but it was suitable for our needs. It had two luggage storages, one fixture, and the other one mobile. The closet was big enough and had several hangers in it. The beds were ok in size, but a little bit too soft for my taste. After a long day walking around in London, you can wake up with a severe backache. Sometimes you could hear the TV from another room, but I guess I just had a very deaf neighbour... The toilet was small but fine. It had a washbasin, toilet and bath. They provided the bath gel and shampoo (all in one), two glass cups, two hand towels, two bath towels and one floor towel. We had some trouble regulating the water temperature (too hot!) on the first day, but after getting it right, it was fine.The most important thing, it was very clean!! The maids came everyday, made the beds, cleaned the trash bins, renewed the coffee and tea, and bring washed towels if you wish.The staff can be very friendly sometimes, but not always. They try to be helpful, but should be well informed (e.g.: they couldn't tell me where the nearest ATM machine was. They kept asking each other, until the concierge arrived...)All in all, it was a very nice hotel, and would definitely stay there again. For all the reviews I read here for some budget hotels, this one was absolutely above average.	
May 6 2005	Picked up Scabies at this dump	The place was dirty, ants all over the bathroom, and I ended up waking up with bites and scabies. Do not stay here.	
Mar 28 2005	Can't argue with 40 quid a night	Had a reasonably positive experience here. It's cheap for London, has an excellent location near Paddington station and has pubs, restaurants and shopping nearby.It is not luxurious by any means, with cheap and old furniture, small rooms and tiny bathrooms, BUT, it is entirely serviceable and represents pretty good value for budget travellers.As with anything in life, you get waht you pay for, and if you only want to pay 40 quid for a London hotel room, then this hotel is fair enough!	
Mar 13 2005	Vermin-ridden	I stayed at the Norfolk Towers in August 2004. I definitely will not stay in this hotel again. Everything is quite dirty - the floor, the blanket, the bathroom. I cannot recommend this hotel unless you want to share your bed with vermins!!! That's no joke.	
Jan 11 2005	Nice Place to Stay	the norfolk towers was a very nice place to stay; it was fairly close to the train station and a short walk to bus ride to places like the zoo and madame tussauds. the room was nice and cleaned once a day, and the breakfast that was offered was very satisfactory. i would stay there again.	
Jan 9 2005	Not a place to stay for a week	Only stayed for one night having booked via laterooms, we were visiting friends so wanted a base to stay. The place is basic but we found it clean. The sheets and beds were ok and everything worked in the bathroom. One issue was the heat, we stayed december 2004 and found the heating was set on 'fry'. The options open were to swelter or to have the window open and listen to london traffic, we chose the former. We payed forty pounds for this room, i dont mind paying this for the room but wouldnt pay any more! I certainly would not want to stay here for a holiday.	
Dec 6 2004	Loved It	I thought it was great! The sheets were a tad smelly, but the hotel cannot be blamed for that, as it was probably my smelly-cat girlfriends fault.All in all, id stay there again!	
Nov 24 2004	Renovations years overdue!	I was hoping for a nice comfortable place to stay for my last three nights in the U.K., but what I got was a totally aggravating experience! The first room in the hotel that I got was miniscule (to be expected in London for cheapo hotels but not for a room which costs £50 per night without breakfast!!!!), odd shaped and drafty. It was barely possible to maneuver one’s toucas onto the bathroom seat or into the shower stall! The blankets and bedspread were very old, poor quality and grungy. Yuck! The sheets were too small for the bed, and I fought with them all night. The furniture and rug was probably was 30 years old, but certainly not fine antiques! The next morning I complained, and they gave me a proper sized room, but the same problems with the bedclothes and general dirtiness of the room persisted. The following morning I went around the corner and found another hotel and moved. Finally, I was comfortable, and the price was only £30 including a beautiful breakfast.	
Nov 19 2004	Creaking Floor Boards	Worst experience of a 3 star London Hotel. The floor boards creaked with every movement, the bathroom door was disgustingly rotten, was no space to move in bathroom, window would not shut properly so was always noisy and COLD! Radiator was either boiling hot or not on at all. Very bad furnishings, everything was wonky! Obnoxious staff, unclean bed sheets and no soap in bathroom. DO NOT GO TO THIS HOTEL.	
Nov 18 2004	3 Star?	This was the worst hotel i have stayed in. The window wouldn't close fully so it was always cold, to make matters worse, the radiator didnt work and this was in november so had to wear jumpers to bed. Tiny Bathroom, thin walls and bad furnishings. Won't be going there again.	
Jun 22 2004	Not worth the money you save!! Stay away!!		
Jun 22 2004	Good hotel near Paddington station	This is a decent hotel only 2 blocks from Paddington station. The staff are very friendly and helpful. The rooms are a bit out-dated, small, and don't have much character, but they are clean. The neighboorhood feels safe as well. It's not the most luxurious place, but the price was only 40 GBP/ night for a double room with a private bath, so it's great if you're travelling on a budget.I'd stay there again.	
Mar 26 2004	Not the Hilton but clean and safe		
Sep 30 2003	As Bad as They Get - Don't Even Consider It!		
Jul 21 2003	Terrible Experience!		
Jun 14 2003	Stay away from this one		
Mar 17 2003	Small Comfortable rooms - Good deal		
Nov 19 2009 	camera e bagno molto molto piccoli .guardaroba quasi inesistente		
Oct 25 2009 	hotel no barato y cutre. Evitar		
Sep 20 2009 	Zona Centrale molto spartano ma comodo e pulito		
Jul 10 2009 	???????		
Jun 13 2009 	nicht zu empfehlen		
May 16 2009	ACHTUNG DORT WIRD GEKLAUT		
Apr 29 2009 	ottima scelta		
Mar 18 2009 	Ottimo qualità prezzo		
Feb 7 2009 	Buena opción		
Nov 4 2008	Bajísima calidad-precio		
Jul 17 2008	Estancia en Norfolk		
Jun 26 2008	Sehr unsicher !		
May 13 2008 	Da prendere in considerazione		
Apr 28 2008 	Austeridad Victoriana		
Mar 16 2008 	Yo también lo recomiendo		
Sep 17 2007 	Estupendo		
Jul 12 2007 	Si vuelvo a londres repito en este hotel		
Mar 2 2006	un buen sitio		
Nov 15 2005	5 días estupendos		
