Oct 29 2009 	Location Location Location	We have just returned from The Holiday Inn Oxford Circus London. It is located across the road from Bond Street Underground station, Behind Debenhams, but in a very quiet area. The location is what this hotel has to offer. We used the subway to access all areas in central london easily, using a day pass for Stg 6.25 each, offpeak, (early morning is peak time).The Hotel itself offers small rooms, but normal for central London, helpful staff, and a good breakfast. The hotel stored our bags on checkout, and we collected at 5pm, along with a number of other residents. I would recommend the Hotel for its convenience, and value for money	
Oct 28 2009 	Great location cute little hotel!	We stayed at the Holiday Inn Oxford Circus on October 23-27th. We checked in late (after 11) and were given a room on the first floor, room 75. It was a good size room and I was surprised to see, it looked like it had been updated within the past year or so. Clean carpet, crisp bedding and a great shower! The bar was open until 2am so we could relax after our long journey. The staff was pleasant, not chipper but I came to realize that Brits don't offer up uneccesary conversation as we do here in the states. Also as many of the staff come from other countries, it is easier to keep conversation to a mimimum as to not ask pardon me what did you say ? to someone 10 times. The breakfast was very good and offered many choices. We did not eat lunch or dinner in the hotel as we were too busy walking around. The hotel is very near Maryelbone, Trafalgar Square, Marble Arch, Picadilly - the location is amazing! The only downfall was the constant slamming of doors. I feel like housekeeping started at 6am and didnt get that some guests were vacationing - closing a door gently would of been considerate. Overall - clean, convenient, good size room, no shared bathroom and polite staff = return stay! Thank you to all who made our trip to London memorable!	
Oct 20 2009 	Good value hotel good service	Staff was very helpful and polite. The food in the bar was great and we ordered the breakfast into our room. The breakfast was delicious and there was plenty to eat. Room service was promt. Great location for shopping. The room was quite big, what suprised us. Very clean and quiet. Will stay in this hotel again next year when travelling to London.	
Oct 19 2009 	Good location feels tired	Hotel rooms in London tend to be small but the one we were assigned was certainly on the small side. Again, hotels in London tend to be in old properties and in this case it was clear that it has not bee updated in a long time.If all you need is a bed to sleep in then this will do quite nicely.	
Oct 3 2009 	Great location	This is in a great spot, close to Oxford St and not far from heaps of restaurants particularly in James St. Rooms are average, staff did their job but no spark to their attitude. Even though I say I would recommend it, it would only be for the position because it is overpriced otherwise. Breakfast was ample, staff there helpful.	
Sep 21 2009 	Excellent Location	Stayed here at short notice having walked out of the Bentinck House just around the corner. £155 for the two of us with breakfast.The room was a little basic but clean and comfortable, the bathroom was clean and the shower good and hot (adjustment worked).Had a 3rd floor room with balcony, only downside was Welbeck Street can be a bit noisy.Location was excellent about 5 mins from Oxford Street.Would definitely use again.	
Sep 3 2009 	good location dated hotelrooms internet connection is a rip off	Location for the purpose of my visit (business) excellent locatedReception check inn under staffed and somewhat chaotic, still waiting time was acceptableHotel reception area: tiredRoom have not seen for a long time an Holliday Inn in this kind of rundown conditionIt was clean, the bathroom was fine, but air-condition, carpet etc need to be replaced The internet connection charge is an old fashion hotel guest rip-off, strongly recommend to find a internet cafe in the areaWhen I complained at the reception area the person on duty told me that lots of customers complain about the charges for internet. Maybe a good idea for the management to listen to the guests?	
Aug 31 2009 	Good at Two For One!	We booked this for £138 for two nights by buying walkers crisps (2for1). The price on the door was £220 a night... Which is typical London silly prices. Location was excellent and only a 5 minute walk to Bond Street tube. The rooms are average and fit for purpose... But the room we stayed in could have been made 10 times better with a little bit of paint, filler and maybe one roll of wallpaper. We didn't eat in the hotel after seeing that breakfast was £17.95 each.... Ridiculous. I dread to think how much the main meals were. Like I said, the location was fantastic for us, felt really safe and was great for the price we paid.	
Aug 24 2009 	Good location pleasant rooms quiet.	Tucked away behind debenhams on Oxford Street is this little gem, it's rooms are as small as you would expect them to be in a 100 year old building, it is a wheelchair accessible as practical but it's main selling point is it's address.Not too far from the tube, though not as close as the hotel suggests, but great for Selfridges and the top of Oxford Street, picadilly circus regent street, soho, leicester square and about 75% of the places on a UK Monopoly board. Harley street is just around the corner as is Wimpole Street (google it) Cavendish Square.Clean and smart, friendly and efficientDon't bother with the breakfast it is a rip off when you can do better locally for half the money.I'll be back!	
Aug 19 2009 	A Hotel That You Would Stay Away From.. Don't Go By Website Review	Our Exciting Stay in Holiday Inn - Oxford Circus London: We were welcomed with stuffy small room, stinking, dirty and stained carpets,cold water in the taps and sudden burst of fire alarm signal 6 times. That is Holiday Inn in London. We reserved 2 rooms for 5 nights in Holiday Inn Oxford Circus. We are apalledat the abysmal service levels from the hotel. The reception needs atleast 5-6 remindersfor any request, often sends in wrong bills and threatens to charge the same to us,the duty manager and the reservations manager are not available for 3 days at a stretch...and to add to it receptionists known nothing and can't help at all.  A surprising fact - one orders room service and upon cash payments - the change never comes back. Thoseserving decide to stay back with the change ranging from 1 - 4 pounds and not return the same. And this took place 3 times. I am surprised if the hotel is equipped to handle guestswho come to London for pleasure. Its definitely not a pleasure putting up with such a hoteland its arrogant staff ( especially front office, reception). Can't blame the managers becausethey chose to talk through the receptionists only.  To share honest feedback about the dirty hotel rooms and service levels, we wanted to meetthe manager. To our surprise, no manager was available from Friday until Monday. Even onTuesday - Wednesday - we made repeat attempts to meet but the receptionist finally told usthat they cannot allow us to meet the manager as every one is in meeting. What a fantastic customer service !  We travel a lot and stay in many countries. This is first time we saw such pathetic conditionsin a Holiday Inn hotel. One must visit India, Germany to see Holiday Inn standards. Its epitomeof best customer service &amp; great comfort in India and is amongst noted 5 star hotels. But we sawa old - poorly maintained property in Holiday Inn Oxford Circus- London. The breakfast restaurantstinks of food and egg, same breakfast menu for all the 6 mornings that we were present - badhygiene. The experience leaves us with lot of disappointments. While my organization has made a decisionnot to stay any more with Holiday Inn but my purpose of writing this mail to bring to your notice the current status. We incidentally also stayed few days in Holiday Inn - Aerial ( Near Heathrow)during this trip. While the hotel looked like a budget hotel but everything else was just great. May be this feedback lands up in the right desk or the right bin, but i am making an attempt to convey an honest feedback. Its up to the people to take it up or discard it totally.  ** I am also conveying my feedback to the GTA travel agency/ Kaleidoscope through which i booked.May be its time that they start qualifying hotels and services for frequent travellers and those who travel for leisure- Holiday Inn Oxford Circus is definitely a place to avoid. .	
Aug 18 2009 	Good location reasonable hotel	Stayed here for one night in August 2009. Paid around £120 for the night, which seems to be at the cheaper end of the advertised prices. Room was small, with a queen sized bed. TV (with Sky Sports - a rarity!) and tea and coffee-making facilities.Everything was extremely clean, including the bathroom. Though small, the bathroom still contained a bath. The shower was powerful. Great location at the back of Oxford Street. A couple of nice places to eat within walking distance. Would stay here again if I could get the same price.	
Aug 18 2009 	Perfect Hotel Excelent Position	The hotel was very clean, the staff was very polity with the sense to help you.It's position was three minutes walk from Oxford Street, but the hotel place was very quite.I have room number 78 in the grand floor and sometimes there was a smell, but with no big problem.The only problem was that they want to charge me to use the wireless internet:(I would suggest this hotel to everybody.	
Aug 18 2009 	Excellent Location	Breakfast was good, location perfect, just 2 minutes walk to bond street station. Room was decent considering this is in the middle of London and staff was very very helpful. Good choice. Recommended	
Aug 7 2009 	No frills but comfy and quiet	We stayed at the Holiday Inn for one night on 04.07.09. We saw those lovely Take That boys at Wembley.The hotel is a little further off Oxford Street than expected but it did mean that the road outside was very quiet.Staff were poilte at check in. The twin room we had was not a bad size for London, it had air con which was a bonus as for once in England it was actually a hot &amp; sunny day.After our night out we walked back to the hotel from Soho and felt comfortable doing so. It's nice to still be able to do that in London.Bed was comfortable, air con worked well &amp; was a little bit of white noise to disguise the comings &amp; goings of other guests. The curtains were heavy &amp; blocked out all the light - we slept like babies &amp; didn't wake up until 10.30am. Shower was hot &amp; had good pressure.My only complaint would be housekeeping - they clearly wanted to get in our room, get it cleaned &amp; go home so despite the 'Do Not Disturb' sign they tried to get in about 9am but failed as we had the safety chain on. They continued to make noise outside our door, however we didn't budge &amp; left our room just after the check-out time of 11am.We paid £119.60 for the room for the night. A little expensive for the quality of the room but it's London &amp; you expect it. But it did the job, it was tidy, clean &amp; comfy. No frills but a perfectly acceptable place to sleep after a night out in the capital.Would I stay there again? Probably not - there are lots of other 'average' hotels for me to try out in London &amp; I do hate to stay in the same hotel twice-but thats just me. If youre shopping &amp; going to the theatre then this would be fine. It does what it says on the tin.	
Aug 1 2009 	Worst Hotel in London	The service and value for money at this hotel is terrible. The only good thing I can say about it is that it is very handy to all the great shops in Oxford St.Rooms were very expensive but tiny and rundown. I travel extensively for both business and leisure and this would most definitely be the worst value for money hotel I have ever stayed in.Had bad experience when the housekeeping staff helped themselves to a pile of money sitting on bedside table. Management promised to look into this issue but I never heard back.Hotel was so bad that we checked out after 3 days even though we had prepaid for 4.	
Jun 30 2009 	Positive experience to be repeated	Upon arrival reception staff were very polite and efficient. Room was unusually spacious for a central London hotel....Also, no street traffic at night which means peaceful sleep. The hotel is a 4 minute walk to Oxford Street and main tube stations.Breakfast was ok, Averall I am very happy with it and look forward to my next stay. Good value for money.	
Jun 25 2009 	Not a pleasant experience	The hotel is rather run-down and the rooms (at least the one I stayed in) felt dirty and in great need of a complete renovation. The bedspread was torn and had holes ! Breakfast was not included in price and average. This hotel was suggested by the organisers of the conference I attended but I regret I hadn’t looked for something else. To sum it up, it only suffices if you plan to go out for the whole day and return late at night but even then the torn bedcover may spoil your sleep. Be also aware of card pre-authorisation If you do not pay with the same credit card – it took a week to get the money back to my bank account.	
Jun 2 2009 	A central location to sleep during a busy few days in London	Went to London with my 2 grown up daughters. We had difficulty getting accommodation for 3 people in one room and when I found the Holiday Inn on internet, I rang to confirm that they took bookings for 3, which they confirmed and I made booking. We arrived at hotel late on Friday night, check in staff not overly friendly and seemed surprised that there were 3 off us. Lucky I had printed of confirmation of my reservation, which stated it was for 3 and said I suppose its ok. I booked this room in Feb 09 and you would have thought it was early enought to get a good room. The room we got 173 was right over the reception and entrance and so it was noisey. The next morning I asked the girl at reception if we could change and she was friendlier than our experience previous night. We got moved to room 273 which was only one floor up, which wasn't too bad. But for anyone booking I would suggest you ask for a room at back of hotel, as road can be noisey. The room was compact, but it was clean and ensuite was fine. We didn't spend too much time in room as we were out shopping and sightseeing and only came back to room to change to go out in the evening. The breakfast was good with a good selection. The location was ideal, only 2 minutes from Oxford Street. So it you are looking for somewhere to base yourself as you enjoy London this is ideal.	
Jun 1 2009	Outstanding location	I have stayed in this hotel on a number of occasions, the most recent of which was in May of this year. In terms of location and value for money I personally feel that it cannot be beaten.The lobby area is pleasant and the door staff are very friendly and welcoming. The rooms are basic but clean with all of the amenities you would expect in a hotel of this class. However, the way in which this hotel excells is the location. You are literally minutes away from the hustle and bustle of Oxford St with the very pleasant and charming St Christopher's Place in between. We have never bothered with breakfast in the hotel preferring to eat in the Carluccio's there. Also we ate in the Grand Bazaar restaurant near there which was a very pleasant and interesting experience.My only criticism of the hotel is that the mini-gym is in serious need to an upgrade and would be greatly enhanced by the addition of a treadmill. I would not stay anywhere else in London unless I was going 5 star!	
May 3 2009 	Amazing Location	Very nice location. Decent size room for Central London. 5 minute walk from Oxford Street. 3-4 minute walk from all the restaurants at St. Christopher's place. Great for business visit.	
Apr 25 2009 	Terrible Experience - don't go near!	On arrival thought what a lovely looking hotel from the outside - checked in quickly, no frills service. The room was shocking, though a good size was in need of painting and the walls had many cracks. The room ferlt dirty though seemed clean I must say. The bathroom was basic and was in need of a deep clean. I was only staying one night, so put up with it.Had room service - the food was basic, tasteless and uninspiring. The staff seemd unconfident and lacked warmth and I could not wait to check out. On checking out, I was not even asked if I had enjoyed my stay - their lack of customer service clearly tells me to stay away from this hotel in the future. A very poor experience.	
Apr 22 2009 	Great hotel handy location	Perhaps I was lucky (compared with some of the recent reviewers), but I had a great stay here recently. The staff member on reception who gave me a quiet room on the 6th floor when requested was the epitomy of good service. The room was well maintained and furbished. Breakfast was also perfectly acceptable.The 'pillow menu' is a nice touch compared with competitors and the room was very quiet. The only thing stopping me awarding 5 stars is the poor positioning of the curtains so that the room was flooded with dawn light which woke me up early.Overall, a good experience and I would certainly stay here again in the future.	
Apr 18 2009 	Worst Holiday Inn ever	I have been booking Holiday Inn hotels for some time now, as the brand is normally quite reliable, but this particular one is terrible. My room was more comparable to a £25 hotel around Kings Cross, the bed was terrible and the heating terribly loud. While the location is adequate, the price is ridiculous if you compare it to one of the Crowne Plazas in London which are similarly price but deliver so much more.	
Apr 6 2009 	Perfectly adequate for a short stay	I stayed here one night in April 2009 for a weekend break with a friend visiting London.We wanted to shop in Regent Street/Bond Street, go to the ballet at the Coliseum and go to a few nice bars in Mayfair. For a base just to sleep and have breakfast (perfectly adequate breakfast which was included in our room rate of £160 per night), this hotel is fine. The location is great. As mentioned in other reviews, the rooms are looking a little tired and in need of refurbishment, but at least they are clean. Faded nets, a few small holes in the bedsheets etc. The room was a good size though.Our room was 184 and had a very dodgy , ill fitting lock - even when slammed shut from the outside we could push it open and had to get the porter to lock us out properly when we went out. Test your door thoroughly first and ask to me moved before you've unpacked all your stuff. The man on duty at reception seemed to speak pretty poor English and did not understand our problem at first.There is safe in the room, tea &amp; coffee making facilities, TV and a hairdryer (but it's a bog standard hotel issue one, so bring your own).All in all, nothing special, but perfectly fine as a base.	
Mar 30 2009 	Ok hotel great location for shops	Got our rooms on a deal so risked booking this hotel, despite some poor reviews, but actually it was ok. Rooms were about average size for London in this price range (I have stayed in much worse!) and while they are hardly lavish, the decor and cleanliness was ok too. Didnt eat here as on room only, but found a nice little cafe around the corner for breakfast. As others have said the location is really convenient for Oxford Street and Bond Street tube, but on a quiet street.	
Mar 17 2009 	Good value great location	Overall, this was a good value for the money. Key things in favor of this hotel are location and price. While the rooms are a little tired (need refurbishment), for those that come to London for the sights and not the room will be satisfied.First, location is hard to beat. Bond Street tube station is the closest - the hotel is located less than 5 minute walk from there behind Debenhams' dept store. The location is fairly quiet - especially at night when it matters. There are several nice cafes and restaurants about 2 blocks away at St. James Place.While the rooms are not ultra new and modern, there is nothing wrong with them. The beds were comfortable, the room was clean and the shower was very powerful. For those people that sightsee all day and only need the room for sleeping, this hotel is more than adequate.We did not partake of the breakfast or any meals at the hotel. Instead, preferred to grab breakfast at some of the local eateries nearby. A favorite was Cafe Rouge - a little French place that had great coffee, cappucino, tea and breakfast nearby.While it is true you can take a taxi or express train from Heathrow, these options are somewhat expensive (+L30 for roundtrip train and +L30 for one way taxi). We did take the tube from Heathrow as a &quot;free option&quot;. Since we were purchasing an Oyster Card for the week anyway, the extra fare from Heathrow on top of that was only L2. It is an easy trip, but does take 1 - 1.5 hours so plan accordingly. Take the Picadilly line to Green Park and change to the Jubilee line to Bond Street.Good value and great location.	
Mar 9 2009 	great location but very poor hotel	The location of the hotel is great but...I booked a double room and the bed was too small and short for 2 normal persons and not so clean as expected. I asked to change the room but obviously the hotel was &quot;fully booked&quot;. The room was too small to move and the bathroom has been just renewed recently. Of course I won't come back again. Better choose another accomodation.London, see you again!!!	
Jan 15 2009 	Just a Holiday Inn now?	I stayed at the Holiday Inn this week after it was designated as the hotel for a conference I was speaking at. I didn't think it was as bad as some of the reviews but it clearly needs a refurb. My room (196) was an odd shape with what seemed to be Austin Powers type beds that would fold into the wall. That might explain why there were no bedside lights - indeed no lighting at all other than in the ceiling. I didn't eat there though having seen some of the reviews and there is no shortage of other places to eat nearby. The location is excellent for the West End and shopping trips to London. Its not The Waldorf but what do you expect in London for these prices?	
Dec 12 2008 	Great Location Good Breakfast	We stayed at Holiday Inn Welbeck Street for 5 nights from 2/12/2008 and really enjoyed our stay.This is the best possible location. Paid 39 GBP for a taxi from Heathrow terminal 3.Kings Cross station is 10 GBP by Taxi.Bond street tube is very near, Oxford street is a few steps away.Big bus stop is 5 minutes walk.The Breakfast was great, however it was exactly the same on all 5 days, no change in menu but still great.I had limited interaction with the staff and they were polite.A great place to stay	
Dec 11 2008 	Great Location	The hotel is on a quiet road right behind the Debenhams on Oxford St so the location is perfect for a shopping weekend. Bond St is the nearest tube and it was no more than a 5minute walk from there.We arrived at 11.30am on saturday and we pleased to find that we could check in there and then. Reception staff were friendly. The hotel is fairly small with only one lift but we never had to wait long. Our twin room on the 3rd floor was fairly small but lacked for nothing. The bathroom was excellent with a very powerful shower. Everything was very clean, no complaints at all.The breakfast buffet was good, although some things could have been a little warmer. Good selection of fruits, pastries, cereals etc if you didn't want to go for the full cholesterol overloaded full english!Overall, would recommend to anyone looking for a quiet, centrally located hotel.	
Sep 16 2008 	beware of theft	I recently stayed in the Holiday Inn, Welbeck Street. After checking out I realized that I had left some jewelry in the hotel room safe. When I contacted the hotel and my daughter went to the hotel to collect items, they denied any knowledge of them and said that I had made a mistake and left them somewhere else! The manager and staff were unhelpful and seemed to think it was unimportant that the safe had been opened and my belongings stolen. According to the manager it was not possible that someone working for the hotel had opened the safe and that there was nothing more I could expect them to do. It is the worst feeling in the world to realize that your belongings especially sentimental items such as a necklace and bracelet set from my husband for our 30th anniversary was just gone. I would normally only have these items at home but I was travelling back from a wedding and then on the see my sister in Spain and I wanted to have some of my nice things to wear on this important trip. I still cannot fully understand that my jewelry has just disappeared and that the hotel is quite content that one of its guest should be treated in this manner. I would avoid this hotel at all costs because it was obviously someone who works there and it is apparently condoned by the management.	
Aug 27 2008 	Happy with Hotel minor niggles but great location	Booked this on line on Holiday Inns website. Excellent offer 2 nights B&amp;B plus one nights evening meal for 170 pounds, great value for London. Have stayed in a few Holiday Inns in London, (Kensington Forum, Heathrow and Mayfair), this one compares well.Arrived at 2pm Friday, no queue. Little interaction from the desk, no how was your journey here? Welcome to our hotel, but efficient (also didn't ask how many card keys I required). Reception area well set out, bar/tourist information by the reception desk.We were allocated a twin room on third floor (room 390), the corridor outside our room smelt of mildew or something similar. There was an ice dispenser at the end of our corridor, which came in helpful for keeping drinks cool. Room was larger than anticipated - and was pleasantly surprised. Probably about 10 foot high walls, plenty of space to move around in. Furnishings were a little tired, and the ceiling paper was showing signs of damage, but all in all a comfortable room. View of private flats opposite (I had requested a quiet room), Good aircon, double glazing and windows opened if required. Puzzled by the fact the room had an ashtray even though it was non-smoking. No mini bar in room, but room did have a safe. Bathroom was small, but a full length bath and good water pressure on shower and bath. Bathroom toiletries more holiday express than holiday inn (ie lux shower gel and shampoo combined in one dispenser on wall). Enough wardrobe space for a couple of nights (small single wardrobe).Had problems with the room next to us making far too much noise far too late at night, but one call to the duty manager sorted that out, which I appreciated grately.Breakfast was OK on Saturday at 945 am, but barely warm bacon. Asked straight away if wanted tea/Coffee, and the pot was on my table by the time I came back from getting fresh fruit. Sunday at 0830 much better. and hotter items. Wide variety of choice, and you can ask for eggs done another way if you don't like scrambled/fried. Evening meal which was included was actually a carvery/self service, starter of salad or soup, main course plenty of choice for meat eaters, (lamb/beef, canelloni, beef pie, beef mince, chicken in a white wine sauce) less so for veggies (1 dish of a stuffed aubergine). You could go back for as much as you like. We went for our meal at 630pm, and there was no one else there, the waiting staff kept their distance, and I didn't feel as though they were rushing us. I asked a waiter why it was so empty and he said it got busier after 8pm. Desserts were not so interesting (cheesecake, chocolate torte, fresh fruit salad, icecream).There is an ASK just around the corner from the hotel if you fancy Pizza/Pasta/Italian.But it is hard to beat the location for the price. The location is nearer Bond St station than Oxford circus, behind Debenhams, on a quietish road.All in all I would stay here rather than the Holiday Inn Kensington Forum as my room was much larger and the aircon more efficient. Not to mention it is a much smaller hotel.	
Aug 4 2008 	Excellent value Great location	After reading through the other replies, I was quite nervous about staying at this hotel but I was very surprised. It's location is brillent. Right beside Oxford Street and Bond Street Tube Station.We arrived early to the hotel and our room was ready. No problems at reception. Room was grand. Much better than what was mentioned on these reviews. We asked for different pillows which they offer and they arrived very quickly. Didn't eat in the hotel but had a drink or two at the bar and staff was very pleasant. Ok the hotel probably needs a bit of updating but for the price of the room, it's excellent value for something so central. I'm going back to London and was going to even go back here but have decided to try the holiday inn mayfair as we got them nearly for the same rate but would have defo recommend this if you're staying just a night or two in London.	
May 27 2008	Excellent value and good location.	I have used the Holidays Inn Oxford Circus for a number of years, both for myself and my overseas clients. The latest stay was on May 21st for two nights.I have always found the staff to be friendly and helpful. The multi-lingual check-in staff may ruffle a few English feathers, but in a city such as London it is almost a necessity, and a little patience on the part of those checking in does not cost any extra.This is by no means a six star hotel, but it is clean, well maintained and excellent value for money in a good central location. You could stay at the Dorchester for an excessive amount, but every hotel room looks the same when you are asleep. We had a pleasant medium sized double room. Newly refurbished, with a superb powerful shower in a nice clean bathroom. The restaurant is perfectly acceptable. The menu is not extensive, but the roast beef and Yorkshire Pudding was really good and ideal for our American friends, who wanted a taste of Old England. There are plenty of overpriced, pretentious restaurants in London and if you are looking for gourmet “designer” food, then the choice is yours, but if you want a simple, good and decent meal then this hotel offers just that.I was somewhat puzzled by a comment in a previous review, about the breakfast. Whilst the restaurant can get busy at times, we never waited more than a few minutes for a table, and as breakfast is a buffet arrangement, if he got a burnt sausage then it must have been of his own choosing. We have always found the breakfast to be more than satisfactory, with a good choice of cold meats, fruit etc and traditional hot English breakfast items.In the course of my travels throughout the year, I stay in all manner of places, from farmhouse b&amp;bs to luxury hotels, and I can honestly say that in my experience this hotel has no cause to worry about poor reviews. There is alway someone who enjoys a good complaint, so I hope that these few lines even the score a little.	
May 21 2008 	Better than Expected	I was on a business trip from Australia and was booked into the Holiday Inn - Oxford Circus as it was the corporate Hotel for London so I had no choice. After reading the reviews I was a little concerned but on arrival I was pleasantly surprised. After flying into Heathrow and catching the train to Paddington it was a short cab trip to the hotel. The hotel was easy to find, book in went well and the room was larger than I had anticipated. I had a non smoking room and it was clean and secure and had a window outlook onto the street. The buffet Breakfast was good, and the hotel services met all my needs. The bathroom had a bath with shower and plenty of towels etc. available.As I was at the hotel for the weekend the closeness to Bond Street Station and Oxford Street made this hotel an ideal location to get to where ever you wanted on the tube or the bus. A short walk to plenty of pubs and dining and on Sunday I even came across a farmer market - not that I needed to buy anything but it had fresh foods, fish, cheeses vegetables, fruit etc.I found the internet easy to access on my computer, laundry service worked well for me and my stay of 4 nights was more than acceptable. My experience would result in me having no hesitation on returning to stay at this hotel again when in London.	
May 3 2008 	Avoid at all costs	I stayed at this Holiday Inn as I was attending a 3-day training course which was held on the site.I was booked into a smoking room due to an administrative error on my company's part, but when I asked if I could move to a non-smoking room I was told there was no chance. I found out on check-out day that one of the other attendees on my course who was staying in a non-smoking room had asked, on the same day, if he could swap for a smoking room.My room, at the far end of a corridor on the fourth floor, had a cigarette end on the chair which I found after sitting on it and working on my computer for an hour. There is also a power transformer which was making a loud humming noise 24/7 causing two very restless nights.The food for dinner on the first day was ok... a choice of a couple of nice roast joints in a carvery format - beef or turkey. The beef was great, the veg average at best. Unfortunately, having checked the menu for the evening meal, and deciding on a couple of nice sounding fish dishes, it became apparent that as my meal was included in the room rate, I could either have a helping of the exact same joints that were on offer at lunchtime - somewhat more cooked, or what was referred to as &quot;The Chef's Specials&quot; - a choice of lasagna, or &quot;Spicy beef.&quot; The &quot;Spicy beef&quot; was as spicy as a McDonalds burger, and not quite as tasty, and the rice was crunchy - having apparently been prepared for the start of service at 5:30 and still sitting on the hot servery 3 hours later.The following morning, I was looking forward to a nice cooked breakfast. No such luck! I got a sausage that was 1/3 rock solid, presumably due to being on the servery again for hours before I got it on my plate, a vaguely warm half a tomato, mushrooms that tasted as if they had been cooked in orange juice and soggy hash browns!To add insult to injury, I wasn't even offered a coffee with breakfast, despite a not so subtle attempt to attract the attention of one of the staff I saw walking around with jugs offering other guests coffee.Back in my room, the water pressure for the shower was adequate, but when I tried to increase the temperature above warmish I realised that the temperature setting was already on the maximum. The towel rail, above the toilet, was half hanging off the wall, the safety circuit for the hairdrier had been bypassed and the drier was wired straight into the wall, and the wireless internet access was next to useless. It was only after a degree of experimentation I realised that although I couldn't access the 'net through the &quot;HotSpot&quot; access point, I could connect to their gateway via an alternative access point, with the default name.In closing - if you have a choice, you should take your £190 per night elsewhere. Perhaps a tent in Oxford Street - you would probably get a better night's sleep, and better food!	
Apr 27 2008 	Move over Fawlty Towers	we booked this Hotel online for a weekend break with friends. We were looking for somewhere basic, clean in a good location.On arrival the reception staff were rude and unhelpful ,they only spoke to ask for our credit card, having swiped it that and our room key were placed on the desk and that was that ! No Hello,no information regarding meals or directions to our rooms nothing! We found our room and then went straight back to reception to ask for a different one as it was fairly unpleasant. To be fair they moved us straight away to another room which was fine. Breakfast was ok, on our second night we ate in the hotel resaraunt as we had a 3 course meal included in the price of the stay. The restaraunt had all the ambience of a morgue and with only two other diners in there we soon found out why. I could write a story about our evening meal it was an experience ill never forget. The best way to describe it would be Fawlty Towers service, hospital quality food,served in bizarre combinations,set in a morgue. My friend and I had to leave before coffee as we could no longer control our laughing and didnt wish to offend. It really was too bad to be true.	
Apr 18 2008	really drab	The hotal was hard to find - the reception staff were surlyMy room was small drab and pokeyThe fitness room was a joke - one half broken bike and another piece of equipment in a room the size of a rabbit hutchI would not recommend	
Mar 30 2008 	Terrible-steer clear!!	We booked this hotel becase of its location as we were going to see a show. It was a 3* holiday inn so we didnt expect the Ritz, but it was terrible. 3*.....More like 1/2* the rooms were tiny even by london standards. The reception staff couldnt even be bothered to tell us where our room was of when an were breakfast was. Then when we did get down to breakfast the next morning, the tiny resturant was jam packed an the woman who was &quot;organsing&quot; where people sat was trying to put us with on a table with some random poeple, i dont want to sit with randon people if i did i wouldve gone on holiday with someone i didnt know. So when i said i didnt want to share i got a very dirty look an was told that i had to wait whilst she seated almost all the other guests....30mins later we got out breakfast, which was cold. The room was clean enough though, just ugly an small,. an to be fair in a good location in a nice street. But if you want nice staff, an nice room then dont stay here. if all your bothered about is a room for the night with a tube near by then i guess its not soo bad but still £120 a night. also the hotel still permits some poeple to smoke in thier room so the hotel dosnt smell the freshest.	
Mar 25 2008 	Amenities missing	I took my 16 year old grandaughter here for her birthday. I requested a hotel with a business center so that my granddaughter could use the email and stay in touch with friends and family. The Holiday Inn website said (and still does say) that there was a business center. Wrong. We ended up using an internet cafe with horrible computers. I have closets bigger than our room, 2 twin (???) beds and practically no floorspace.On the positive side, the restaurant staff, concierge and bar staff were very nice. The breakfast buffet was good and plentiful and the dinner buffet was exceptional. Location is 2 blocks from Oxford Street and shopping, subway, etc. But still, of all the hotels I have stayed at in London, this is the one I won't return to. Value for money was poor.	
Mar 22 2008 	Good location shame about everything else.	Yes, it's well located, being close to Oxford Street (although it's closer to Bond Street tube than Oxford Circus), but that's about the only good thing I can say about the place. Check In - some London Hotels are notorious for their surly welcome, but this one took the award for the worst one ever. The receptionist managed to utter about 15 words to me throughout the entire process, in a tone that was as disinterested as a person peeling a tonne of potatoes. Oh, and like a lot of London Hotels, it looks nice on the way in... Room - ....but dated everywhere else. Well, I guess it wasn't that bad, but you do feel a little bit deflated after the nice lobby area. Room was small, bed was a small double - glad I was on my own, and bathroom was small with only a shower and no bath, which is unusual for a Holiday Inn. So, in summary, small. But that's not the worst part... Restaurant - Sorry, that should be &quot;School Canteen&quot;, but I think that might even be overrating it. I didn't eat breakfast in the hotel, but imagine it would be the standard Holiday Inn fare. However, business travellers beware - this hotel has the worst place masquerading as a food establishment that I've been to for a very long time. Totally uninspiring menu, with items unavailable and my mushroom risotto was about the worst example of cooking I've had the misfortune of eating. I was expecting a nice creamy rice dish, with strips of different mushrooms in the sauce, freshly cooked. I got microwaved long grain rice, that had, at one point been shown some sauce before it being whisked away lest it impart some flavour unto the rice grains, with a few bits of mushrooms thrown on the top. Terrible. I'm glad I wasn't paying. I won't be heading back in a hurry. If you collect Priority Club points, much better Holiday Inn options close by are the Regents Park or a little further away the Bloomsbury by Russell Square or Kensington (not the Kensington Forum).	
Mar 3 2008 	Good hotel	My daughter and I stayed here for 2 nights this weekend. We had a twin room on the third floor. The room was not large but we did have a double wardrobe with plenty of hanging space. The furniture is well used but the furnishings were clean and the bedding was crisp and fresh. The bathroom was adequate, plenty of hot water and a powerful shower.The breakfast was very good, nicely presented, lots of choice and well cooked. Our evening meal was disappointing the soup was good but the carvery was bland and the choice of deserts poor.The staff were friendly and efficient. We had a late train so after checking out at 10.30am the concierge took our cases until 7.00pm which meant we could go out all day without having to drag them with us.The location is excellent being one block back from Oxford Street very close to Bond Street underground station. I would go back if I could get the same offer £95 per room per night bed &amp; breakfast plus one evening meal, this also included all taxes.	
Feb 28 2008 	OK for a place to sleep	My husband and I stayed at the Holiday Inn Oxford Circus for 4 nights at the end of January 2008. We were aware that the hotel was a standard 3 star establishment, and knowing that 3* in SA is not neccessarily the same as Europe's idea of a 3* we did not really expect an amazing hotel.The rooms were simple and comfortable. A nice touch was the &quot;Pillow Menu&quot; from which you can choose any type of pillow you desire. The bathroom was really small and my husband had to shower on his knees in order to get his head under the shower head (He is taller than most though). The walls are a bit thin, so made for some noise - though not excessive (Luckily we had good neighbours). The staff there are helpful and will assist with most enquires. Beware however of the concierge who was not at all helpful.All in all, we went to London to explore the sights of London...all we needed was somewhere to sleep - and this hotel fulfilled that need perfectly.	
Jan 8 2008 	Nothing special	We stayed for one night at the Holiday Inn as the Marriott was full - no comparison! Our family room was ok - but in dire need of redecoration, and there was a funny smell in the bathroom which we cured by blocking the sink overflow with a tissue! Several things in the room didn't work as well as we would have liked, but it was clean. Breakfast was fine, no complaints. The location of this hotel is great, and did save us money in taxis! Our room wasn't ready when we arrived, but they stored our bag and it was ready when we returned at 4pm.	
Dec 20 2007 	good location;comfortable	Had a dreadful job trying to find a fairly central London Hotel which was not extortionately priced for 2 nights 8 &amp; 9 December. www.Frontdesk (excellent service!) were the only site that came up with anything (this one) which seemed to match our request. While I still thought that £250 was plenty to pay for 2 nights it was about the best deal we found as we were being quoted £400+ for the two night stay, for very basic average hotels,which I think is ridiculous. Anyway, we arrived at 2.45 on the Saturday afternoon but were told on booking in that the room wasn't ready for at least 25 mins. It would have been nice to have been offered a complimentary drink as way of apology while we waited, but nothing was forthcoming. We waited about 15 mins and then got our room. It was ok - not large, smallish window, no view but otherwise acceptable enough and we weren't in it much anyway. The breakfasts were very nice and we took the tip off this website about going down early because a large queue did form after about 9.15, after we were seated on the Sunday morning. Location is good and we would stay there again.	
Dec 16 2007 	Wouldn't recommend it	Only good things about the hotel: (i) the location - very close to Oxford St; and (ii) breakfast. Laying carpet at 8am on a friday morning is quite disturbing on a weekend break. Took shower 20 mins to warm up. Complained about both, but got no response from the management. Rooms small, dated and crowded with unnecessary furniture.	
Dec 15 2007 	If you need Internet access - this is not the place for you	I got a very good recommendation for the place from my agent.The price is fine, considering the location and high prices for London (I got it for 100 GBP, inclusive of tax and breakfast).In-room Internet connection is very important for me, so before booking - I verified that the hotel provides it.Room was fairly small and a single room means a single bed, which is not what I had expected. Don't expect any interesting views, as the location is a back street and nothing like Oxford Circus, as the name suggests.I paid 12.5 GBP for 24 hours Internet connection, but guess what - as soon as you enter the room - the WiFi signal drops from 100% at the corridor to 0 to 50% inside the room. So I couldn't really connect unless I located the laptop on the floor next to the door, which is not a decent way to surf. Staff was not very friendly or helpful about it. Reception told me they would call me back in 10 minutes, but never called or did it after half an hour. They tried to give me another room, but it was at the smelly smoking floor and it had the same problem. It turns out that I'm not the first guest to complain about low (or no) signal in the room and I consider this as providing misleading information, saying that the hotel provides in-room Internet access, if many of the rooms suffer bad signal.	
Dec 13 2007 	Fabulous Hotel	My daughter and I visited London to see a stage show and stayed at this hotel. From our check in to checking out I can do nothing but praise the hotel and its staff. The location is perfect, just a few minutes walk from Oxford Street and the staff couldn't do enough for us. They were extremely courteous and very helpful. The only &quot;complaint&quot; I have is we had a room on the front of the hotel and the traffic noise is pretty bad but thats it. Hotel is spotless and we will defintely be staying there again when we visit London. I have no hesitation in recommendin this hotel to anyone.	
Nov 26 2007 	Not bad hotel - fantastic location!	Just back from a wee trip to London for some shopping and sight seeing with my husband for our anniversary. The hotel is in a fantastic location, 3 mins walk from Oxford Street and all the hustle and bustle of central London.The hotel itself was not bad. Nothing special but served the purpose of a bed for a night after a long day walking about. The room that we stayed in was pretty standard, clean and reasonably comfortable.Our room was on the ground floor which was also above the underground where you could hear the trains go by. It didn't bother me too much as I can sleep through almost anything but if you are a light sleeper then you may be best asking for a room upstairs.We were lucky and got the room for half price costing £100 a night. If we had spent £200 a night, I would not have been impressed. But £100 a night in this hotel for central London is quite good.	
Oct 22 2007 	Good hotel for the price	Booked through Travelocity - both my husband and I and my parents in law stayed there. Good hotel and good location. Close to the Oxford and Bond Street Underground stations. I would recommend heading to Oxford for breakfast, though. The hotel breakfasts are pricey (£15 for full English buffet). I believe St. Christophers Square nearby has a few coffee shops open; if not, many Starbucks and Cafe Neros on Oxford. If you're staying there with a group of 3 or more persons - take taxis everywhere, it is cheaper than getting Tube passes.	
Oct 20 2007 	Nice hotel close to everything	Booked through Travelocity, flew with British Airways (best service I've had on a plane)The hotel location is unbeatable, room and bathroom were okey , did not deal much with employees.Did not do breakfast here either(too expensive) have lots of options around the area. The worst thing about this hotel was the hydraulic arms used on the doors to keep them shut...not one guest held the door to close, they just let the doors slam hard at any time of the day or night. You could hear doors slamming from 2 floors away. Also the walls are paper thin, so you can hear the TV next door as clear as yours... If you are a light sleeper, find some place else. Even so, I would return to this hotel.	
Sep 20 2007 	Lovely break	I stayed at this hotel in a exec' room for 3 nights.I found all the staff to be polite, helpful and happy. The room was huge and nicely furnished, (they need to update their website to reflect the rooms and bar/reception area, which look much nicer in real life). The air conditioning and safe added to the room. As did the drinks tray with complmentary soft drinks and choc bar, and free sewing kit comb etc. The location is great very quiet and 2 streets away from Oxford St. The buffet breakfast (room service ) is certainly more than enough to see you through to evening meal. I would definatley stay there again.	
Jul 28 2007	Shame about the staff	Stayed 3 nights late July 2007.Hotel itself adequate - 5 minutes walk from Selfridges and Bond Street tube. Small frontage, through revolving doors to find a small reception desk with a bar area to the right. The restaurant is downstairs - small but comfortable but I imagine could be very warm. There is one lift so waits could be lengthy. Our room was fairly good - as there were 3 of us we had a room with 2 double beds - I believe most rooms only have 1 bed. Decor was a little scruffy - paper scraped off walls etc, but clean. Bathroom was tiny but looked as though it had been refurbed recently. Air con was very efficient.Badly let down by staff! The reception staff didn't seem to care about the guests at all. We arrived early, checked in and asked to leave our luggage. The concierge (I assume that's what he was, but he only seemed to appear when luggage was around) told us to follow him to a room full of cases and told us to leave our things in a space. He said we didn't need a receipt. When we returned alte afternoon the receptionist called for the concierge on an intercom. 15 minutes later and 2 more calls we were still waiting. When the guy eventually turned up he again led us to the room and told us to help ourselves - he obviously hadn't a clue which cases were ours. I would certainly not have left our things had I known this.Breakfast was similarly poor service. There was a small continental and hot selection, all self service, but trying to attract a waiter to get coffee took an age, even though there were plenty of staff there. It was the same each morning. On our last evening we needed clean towels, and despite being told 3 times by reception that they were 'on their way' it took over an hour to get them. Our check out was fine, but we had noticed on other days that if more than one party was checking in/out at a time there was a significant delay.It was a disappointing visit - we have stayed in several Holiday Inns and have never had such poor service. I would not stay there again - the Holiday Inn in Mayfair was far better.	
Jul 18 2007 	Very clean and comfortable	I booked this hotel using priority points and the only room they said they had left on their website was a smoking room. On arrival I asked if we could have a non-smoking room and showed the receptionist my priority card which happens to be platinum but I didn't think this would pull any weight as we were using points for a free stay. I was completely wrong, we were put in an executive room - very nice, robes, slippers, lots of toiletries, orange juice and water. The room was fresh and clean, I don't think it had been decorated too long before and we had absolutely no complaints. We found the staff helpful and polite. The hotel is very well placed for both Bond Street and Oxford Circus tubes. I would not hesitate to stay here again. The only thing I can't comment on is the food as we did not eat there, preferring to go out for breakfast as there is a lovely french cafe nearby that (oddly) serves a great english breakfast and for other meals there is an overwhelming choice of restaurants!	
Jul 12 2007 	Not bad	A friend and I stayed here while visiting London for four days. The hotel was okay. The front desk people were not overly friendly, and it appeared they were adjusting to a new computer system. It seemed a bit of a chore for them to assist us in finding a laundrette, and answering questions, but eventually we got what we needed.Our room was a bit old and dark but not bad, and a fairly good size. The air conditioner was not the most efficient. The room had a safe, a large closet, and the place was clean. The place is close to the Bond St underground station, and close to all the hot spots. The breakfast was above average, with a hot buffet, good service, and pleasant surroundings. All London hotels seem pricey to me for their value... this one was no exception.	
May 30 2007 	Nice location okay hotel pricey for the accommodations	We booked 2 rooms for 3 nights beginning May 16, 2007. One room was fairly pleasant but dated, the other room was stark and looked like a college dorm room with concrete block looking walls. If a party books 2 rooms it seems that they should be similar, these were vastly different.I agree with the previous comment that it is dated and overpriced. There is constant smoking in the lobby and that was not pleasant either. We had no staff issues and found them to be helpful.Would not stay there again.	
May 4 2007	Awful	I must have very high standards for hotels after reading these reviews as I found this hotel dreadful. Staff at reception were unfriendly, difficult to understand, incompetent and scruffy. The computers were down when I tried to check in so I told them I would wait in the bar. Half an hour later I noticed people checking in quite competently. The computers had been fixed but I hadn't been informed. The bar stank of stale ciggarete smoke, I am a smoker and it annoyed me. I know it is a smoking area but it should not smell stale. Concierge was a joke. Room was scruffy with peeling paint on the walls, not even a shower cap in the bathroom, just two round soaps and a fixed to the wall shower come shampoo gel. I am sorry but at £150 a night I expected a decent room, even if it is London. It is down a couple of back streets so you need a map. Breakfast, had we had it was a staggering £19 for a fry up. Not good. I will say though it was a nice quiet street.	
Apr 19 2007 	Mixed feelings	I stayed here on a business trip several times and I have always mixed feelings about it. The location is great, that's the reason to return. But the rooms are extremely small with dated interior and a very basic bathroom. This time (February 2007) I had the smallest double room I have ever seen. There was only one (uncomfortable) chair for two persons, even no chair behind the desk! If I read other reviews it seems to be that some rooms have been refurbished, but I have never had them. Maybe worthwhile to ask for?	
Apr 15 2007	Good place to stay	I stayed there in April 2007 with my girlfriend. I booked via the Holiday Inn website. Reading past reviews we were a little apprehensive about what to expect. The location of the hotel is superb..it is very close to Oxford Street and restaurants nearby plus has Bond Street tube station within 10 mins walk.The lobby area is small but modern. We didn't use the bar or restaurant so can't comment. As I am a platinum priority club member, we were upgraded to an executive room. Whilst this wasn't as plush as other Holiday Inn's, it was recently decorated and a decent size - none of the tired decor that other reviews had commented on. The bathroom was a good size with a very good shower.This hotel can be expensive, although if you book in advance you can get a good rate (we paid £93.50 a night). Location makes this an above average.	
Feb 21 2007	A London favourite	This place is literally a 3-4 minute walk to Bond street tube station on Oxford Street, so for location it can't be beat. Staff are friendly and the hotel appearance is professional and clean.Rooms are clean very decent in size (for London standards anyway !!) and furnishings new. Coffee and tea making facilities are provided for free as are a number free magazines including &quot;time out London”. Televisions and windows are large. Bathrooms are clean with big mirrors and bathtubs. Shower pressure is quite good. Got &quot;the independent&quot; newspaper for free in morning in front of my door even though I just had a standard double room. Also got an anonymous customer satisfaction survey to fill out which I did.English breakfast is well worth having. Very good selection of warm foods, pastries, fruits, drinks, cereals, cold cuts, etc. Stuffed myself full for the whole day.Try to book directly on the hotel (priority club) website as you can sometimes get some really good cheap rates for this place even around £50-75 per room per night or 2 nights for the price of one! I asked for a late check out (14:00 o clock) each time I've stayed here and always got it at no extra cost.I have stayed here on 3 separate occasions and the only problem I ever encountered was a tear in the bedsheet (which they replaced) and a test for a fire alarm go off ( for 15 seconds or so). Other than that I always felt that it was a really good place to stay. Will keep coming back if they keep up this standard.	
Feb 20 2007 	Poor Value	We stayed in this hotel for an overnight in London. The check in was good and we booked a family room for 2 adults and 2 children. The room was dated, needed hoovering with watermarks on the ceiling. The walls between rooms were paper thin, you could easily hear the room next door. We ate in the restaurant for evening meal which was a very limited menu. The food was OK but my wife found remnants of a sauce bag in her pasta! The restaurant was quite empty and I'd recommend not to eat there unless necessary. The breakfast was good though, good variety and options. Location is also good, you are literally 5 mins walk from Oxford Street and the tube. Overall, not good value for money.	
Jan 22 2007 	Nothing Special	Convenient location just off Oxford Street. Hotel room ok but a little dated and needs brightening up. Corridors like out of the 1970's ! Just an ordinary hotel, really no better (and less modern) than an average Travel Inn. Should be fine if you're just looking for a base and not paying too much. The rack rate is absolutely extortionate !Didn't have breakfast - plently of little cafes around and alot cheaper.	
Nov 29 2006 	OverRated 4 stars!!	We were apprehensive initally after reading the reviews but went for it anyway. Looked great fr the outside but very grumpy looking front desk and a pathetic concerige service! A very small room and desperately needed a complete makeover. Water marks are so visible on ceiling and wall. Will not recommend this hotel at all.	
Nov 18 2006 	Avoid	With my other normal choices in the West End sold out, I ventured into the Holiday Inn. Whilst the hotel is in a great location it seriously need some investment. The room I had was tatty to say the least, the linen was worn, paint flakey, dirty towels, bathroom still dirty from the previous occupant etc. I could have lived with all that if my room didn't vibrate whenever anyone in the entire hotel flushed their toilet. It did seem like the entire plumbing for the hotel ran over my room and as I say, it vibrated, banged, moaned and creaked all night. Whilst I wasn't expecting a 5 star experience, I was hoping for more. I couldn't leave fast enough and in a first I was checked out by a member of staff who didn't manage to say one word to me - an invoice was passed on return for my key, I signed and I was away without a word being spoken. As a business traveller I spend over 100 nights away in London and this place was my last resort - suggest it's yours as well	
Nov 12 2006 	Central location - but a bit tatty	Central location (it's just a block or two north of Oxford Street) is the best thing about this hotel. Otherwise, it needs some investment to bring it up to standard.Our double room was small and claustrophic with a tiny window overlooking local rooftops. Bathroom door wouldn't shut. Decor was somber.On the plus side: good shower, hard working staff and a good, fresh breakfast.You can usually get a good deal on the Holiday Inn website - but the chain has better hotels in London (notably the Mayfair one)	
Nov 12 2006 	Very enjoyable stay..................	Had a 1 night stay to see a West End show. 2 minute walk from/to the Bond Street underground. Just behind Debenhams. Very pleasant accommodating staff who sorted out a little problem i had very quickly. Never ate at the hotel as, recommended by a previous Trip Advisor reviewer, turn right from hotel entrance,right again at the corner and just around the bend on the right is an excellent cafe that does a fab full english breakfast for £4.99. You are able to walk to Regent street and the tube will take you all over London for the day. price per person per ticket £4.90. Am staying for 2 nights in December. 06	
Nov 7 2006 	Nice and Friendly Hotel 3 minutes from Oxford Street	Stayed in this Holiday Inn for a weekend break in London. The hotel staff were very friendly. The room was a double room and small by double room standards but it was clean and the decor in the rooms were fine. The hotel is about a 3 minute walk from Oxford street. Its situated in a quiet street so you should be guaranteed to get a good nights sleep. The hotel is close to Bond Street Station (3 minute walk) or Oxford Street Station (4 minute walk ).Overall I would definetly recommend this hotel especially if you want a location near Oxford Street for shopping. The hotel is nothing fancy as Holiday Inns arent the Ritz but it was clean.Also, another reviewer mentioned on the site [--] which gives you free entry when paying for 1 adult and travelling by train. I would defintely recommend this site. We bought two day passes for the underground and printed off the vouchers for the Tower of London and London Dungeons and only paid for 1 adult at each of these attractions after showing our train tickets. Just FYI the Tower of London did ask to see the train tickets as the other reviewer mentioned that they were not asked but it depends upon which attendant you get at the attractions !	
Oct 29 2006 	Good Location but needs a refurbishment	Stayed here for 3 nights mid week at £139 a night including breakfast. Was definitely not worth the money but the location was spot on. The room itself was very &quot;tired&quot; - walls looked stained and old. The bathroom was good though and clean. The walls were paper thin as could hear the lady next to me on the phone every night at midnight discussing the show she saw!Breakfast was ok!Wouldnt recommend it	
Oct 23 2006 	Clean and comfortable	Our double room was clean and large enough to be comfortable. The bathroom was also very clean and a good size.Our room had air conditioning that we could control - great! The windows were double glazed, so no street noise. We booked through a Holiday Autumn break advert in a national newspaper, the deal included 2 nights bed and breakfast and one night 3 course meal. The hotel were not aware of the offer when we checked in. We only got the evening meal because we had a copy of the original email booking. Overall a good hotel for sightseeing in London, clean, quiet and a good central location (5 min walk from Bond Street Tube station).	
Sep 20 2006 	Excellent Location	This hotel is in an excellent location for that trip to London. It is just a few mins walk from Bond Street tube station on Oxford Street, so it is ideal for shops and travelling around. If you are flying in to Stansted airport - the stansted express train goes as far as liverpool street station, where you can change for a tube directly to bond street.The hotel itself was good, not luxurious by any means, but with all the facilities you would need- the rooms air conditioning works well, there are tea and coffee making facilities, tv with options to watch movies, play playstation games etc, safe, good size wardrobe etc. The room was clean and well-kept. We didn't experience any noise problems like some other reviewers, but perhaps we didn't have any neighbours when we stayed! The hotel, although it is very central, is also quiet and we didn't experience any traffic noise etc which can be annoying in large cities like London. Breakfast is expensive if it isn't included in your room rate, but there are lots of cafes in the nearby side streets, and on Oxford street so you have alternatives nearby. There are left luggage facilities if you need them on check-out and it seemed to be securely provided.All in all we enjoyed our stay in this hotel and would recommend it to anyone looking for a central location for their stay - it is great value for money, and we would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 10 2006 	Great location "tired" hotel smileless staff.	What was good: Location (especially for shopping and for Marylebone-area).Room size was ok.It was quite silent; I slept well (but the walls are very thin).Climatization worked.There was plenty of towels in the bathroom and it was clean (but a bit old).There is a free electronical safe in the room.Lobby and a litte bar in it was ok.The breakfast was decent.What was not so good:The stuff was not friendly (actually unfriendly, with some exceptions though). The front desk made a mistake in the room number, tryed to bill another persons bill, and then was angry on me, asking why I told them a wrong number at first place...In the evening the lobby and the corridors had a strong food smell.The rooms are worn down.The first room I had, had the carpet shampoed, so it smelled awful, and when I took my shoes of, the carpet was totally wet. The next room was dry, but one of the three sliding doors to the closet was missing.	
Aug 30 2006 	Great location for shopping!	I stayed here for 2 nights for a weekend of shopping and it was perfect!The location was just behind Debenhams on Oxford Street and was good as if we wanted to go back to the hotel during the day it was close enough to do so and then go back out.The staff were really nice throughout the stay and couldn't have been more helpful.The room we stayed in was very clean and the beds were really comfortable. We had loads of wardrobe space which were mirrored and had a safe in there too. Room also had tea/coffee facilties but no hair-dryer so make sure to take your own!The bathroom was spotless and the shower was powerful and there was always plenty of hot water whatever the time of day. Breakfast was a vast choice of the usual things - tea, coffee, toast, croissants, muffins, juice, and also hot food too which was extra but really nice and plentiful for a day of hard-core shopping! Hotel was also in a good location to go to a restaurant/bar in the evening. Have stayed in London loads of times but never somewhere so central and it was worth the extra cost.I would recommend it and would definitely stay again!Thumbs up for the Holiday Inn!	
Aug 14 2006 	Good hotel in central London	Stopped here recently on a night paid for by reward points. Because of this I was expecting to be put in the smallest room - so I was very impressed that my booking was upgraded to one of the executive rooms. Being a gold card holder has its advantages.In terms of hotels rooms in central London, this was one of the biggest rooms I have stopped in - certainly compared to other Holiday Inns in London ( have stopped in most - it is my company's preferred hotel chain).Location is perfect - Oxford St is a few mins walk awayDon't know what the breakfast was like as I slept though it (late night!)Would definitely recommend and I would stop there again	
Aug 1 2006 	Adequate	My sister and I stayed in this hotel over the New Year season 2005-2006. It's set back from Oxford Road, almost directly behind Debenhams. The best Underground Stop would be Baker Street as it's only a short walk. Oxford Circus stop means battling all the shoppers and it's about half a mile walk from there. It was conveniently located for shopping, although I would prefer next time to be situated closer to Piccadilly Circus. Our room over looked an alley-way with other windows all around, either from residential buildings or the same hotel. You couldn't see into these rooms, nor do I imagine these rooms could see into ours. There were net curtains, and also a black-out curtain which we found very useful for blocking out the early morning sunshine. The rooms were clean and tidy, the bathroom was clean also. You could smell that cleaning products had been used, but in a good way, a clean way, not an over-powering way. The bathroom and the decor could possibly be updated, but the room is sufficient for just sleeping and relaxing after a hard day's shopping. We did not order room service or use the breakfast facilities, and found at the end of our stay they presented us with a bill for £16 for the breakfast buffet. We simply said we had not used it, they quickly apologised and discarded the charge. They allowed us to use the luggage storage area, securely locked, as our flight was much later in the evening, and we checked out at 11am. This was very useful as it saved us carrying our luggage around all day.	
Jun 18 2006	Very enjoyable	I stayed at the holiday inn for a week and enjoyed my stay very much. The day staff was very friendly and helpful, the hotel was immaculate and the bed was very comfortable. The location is absolutly amazing, 5 minute walk from Bond Street Tube and 10 minutes from oxford circus. The only small problem is that the walls are a bit on the thin side, so if you are very sensitive to noise you may be bothered a bit. I am not, so it didn't bother me at all. Breakfast was very nice, not spectacular but nice nonetheless. I would definatly stay again, mostly because of the cleanliness, beds and perfect location.	
Mar 1 2006 	Not spectacular but perfectly adequate	I traveled to London in late February, 2006 to speak at a conference, and this was the hotel in which the organizers put me up. Having read the very mixed reviews it's gotten on TripAdvisor, I was a little concerned about what I'd find, but overall the experience was fine.As everyone else here has noted, the location is excellent -- about two blocks from the Bond Street tube station, right on the Central line and only a few stops away from Notting Hill (Portabello Road, etc.) in one direction and the City of London (St. Paul's, etc.) in the other. Oxford Street itself is great if your idea of a London experience is elbowing your way through a thronging crowd on your way to Starbucks and the Gap, but Soho has great restaurants off the beaten path (I had excellent meals at Soho Spice and at Vecchio Milano, and good food with lousy service at the Wamagamma noodle house, all within easy walking distance).OK, the hotel: I was pleasantly surprised by the room, which wasn't huge but was plenty big enough for one person and was clean and very comfortable (if a little bit beaten up: chipped paint on the corners, etc.). The shower was the best I've ever experienced in a hotel. One of the windows fit badly and made a sound like a lovesick elephant when the wind blew, but I was able to jam it with wet napkins and stop the sound, mostly. I should have said something to the staff, but they all seemed kind of sullen and it was my last night anyway, so I didn't bother.The one thing you need to know about the rooms is that the lights don't work unless you insert your keycard in a wall-mounted slot. I had several minutes of confusion before I finally called the front desk and had this explained to me. To make matters weirder, you can't turn the lights on and off selectively (except for the bathroom light). Either your card is in the slot and they're all on, or it's out of the slot and they all turn off after a brief delay (to give you time to run to the bed). I told the desk guy that this was the weirdest thing I'd ever encountered in a hotel, and to his credit, he agreed with me.By the way, the reason Americans care so much about Internet access is that when we're traveling, many of us are doing so on business. Being able to access email from your hotel room makes a very large difference to someone in that situation. As others have noted, Internet access is both expensive and unreliable in this hotel. Your best bet is to take your laptop to a coffee shop that offers wireless connectivity.I never tried the restaurant -- all the other reviews have said that the food was inedible, and I didn't feel like checking it out for myself. There's so much good, cheap food within easy walking distance of the hotel that I never felt the need.Hope this helps! Overall, I'd definitely be willing to stay there again. The problems were minor, and the benefits were significant.	
Feb 19 2006	Great stay in Summer 2004	I glanced at the recent reviews and saw that they were not very good. It recently occurred to me that I should try to share details about all the hotels that I have stayed at after having found them through Tripadvisor, so although this review is rather old, I hope it helps. I had a great experience here. I thought that the location was excellent for the price and my room was very clean. No complaints here what-so-ever. This hotel is very close to the nearest tube station and I felt very safe, which is why I enjoyed this hotel. The one down-point that I can point out is that the staff was completely unhelpful with helping us get a cab. Our plan A was taking the tube to the airport anyways, but the fact that the hotel could not get us a cab would be a huge inconvenience for most people I'm sure. My 2 top priorities in a hotel are location and cleanliness for a good price and I got both here.	
Feb 14 2006	Fairly basic but comfortable	We booked a family room and although a little squashed in- was adequate for us 4.The room was reasonably clean and tthe bedding very clean.Th rooms need maintenance around the edges but everything worked ok.The breakfasts are absolutely vile.Very stale very greasy and very little choice.The restaurant is hot cramped and smelly...eat out!!!The hotel is very close to Oxford street and there is a steady stream of taxis passing so fairly convenient.We had a nice time as a family-- but won't stay in this Holiday Inn again	
Feb 5 2006	Good location lots of faults	We are Platinum Ambassadors of the Priority club, and we were 'upgraded' on arrival. We didnt get an executive room, but one of the better views on the fifth floor. The room was cramped, awkward to get into due to the door placement with the bathroom, had a door missing from the tea cupboard, and the window fitted so badly, a howling cold wind ran through the room all weekend. Great location, 3 minutes walk from Oxford Street. Breakfasts are average only, the food is overcooked and stale - they dont refresh very often, and leave food standing. I much prefer other Holiday Inns in London for overall quality and recognition for priority club membership.	
Jan 4 2006	Get out and about!	Decent hotel in excellent location. Good value for money in central london. Rooms very good and facilities fair.Why do American reviewers get so hung up on the internet access? Surfing the net isnt exactly what we go to London for! And there's an Easyinternet cafe on oxford street - which is good value and very quick if people cant cope without it.	
Nov 23 2005	Improvements at last	Well I must say the poor quality Internet has improved. The speed is more broadband like but the cost is still high.My wife did find a way round the high cost of the Internet access, just fill out a customer complaint form and they give you a refund.The quality of the bedrooms was higher that we expected and the food was fairly priced	
Sep 25 2005	Great location	All too often do we read reviews where people just want to pull down a hotel/location. This hotel was just the ticket for our short three day trip to London. Good location, close to the Oxford Street shops, nice and clean (spotless in fact). The beds were soooooooo comfy. Staff were efficient and polite, and when we asked for extra pillows thats just what we got. We were in a room on the front of the hotel and we could hear the traffic but then again we are in the middle of London. Breakfast was all you can eat and was a good start to the day. The hotel is your average Holiday Inn (not posh) but for the price we paid it was well worth the money.	
Sep 16 2005 	It's less expensive for these reasons	Here are some things that will really bug you if you are there for more than two days.1. Internet connection is 12.50 pounds per day.2. Internet connection is wireless but slower than dial-up if it works at all.3. Shower gets scalding hot randomly. If your head's under it. . .prepare for pain.4. Shower curtain doesn't weigh enough so the water pressure causes it to billow in while you're showering. Prepare to wash while keeping it from wrapping around you.5. Sink basin is not designed for the water pressure. Expect to get soaked each time you turn it on.6. Phone in my room was so loosely connected to the wall that no calls could come in or out. Got no messages even when they were left.7. Eat elsewhere and you'll be fine in that department.	
Aug 24 2005	Satisfying Accommodation But Don't Be Hungry	Well kept room complete with pillow menu. Staff very helpful and all in all a comfortable stay. One bit of advice is not to eat here. It took a half hour for the food to come (although they offered to call us in our room when it was ready) and the menu is not very extensive. However for €60 per person per night and the fact that we were in the city centre, this was very good value.	
Jul 5 2005	AAgh! Smelly....	We booked this hotel according to the photo on the net, we took a guest room..eg.. light furniture ect. When we arrived there was no porter to assist us, our room was not ready regardles to prior arrangements, we waited 3hrs and where exhausted having just flowen in from a different time zone.The room had dark, dreary furniture, dirty carpets paint peeling off the walls and really smelly.The shower leaked all over the floor, shower curtain so smelly...no face cloths where provided or soap.We were charged a rate higher than advertised on the net, as the hotel had failed to take the money off the credit card.We had e-mailed 3 times prior to our arrival but were never answered.Our complaints fell on deaf ears.We booked out 2 days later and went to another hotel owned by the opposition and received double value for 20 pounds more.On leaving the porter stood and watched while we dragged our heavy cases out by ourselves. We would not recommend this hotel to anyone as we feel that the advertising on the net is not what one gets.	
Jun 16 2005	Impressed	After reading some less than favourable reviews on this website, I wasn't quite sure what to expect. However, I actually really liked this hotel. The staff were extremely helpful to me and my room was very comfortable. I would definitely stay here again.	
May 18 2005	Average	Spent 3 nights here before Christmas with family. Good location for shopping trip, but area very quiet once the shops close, few restaurants nearby and no real night-life, apart from the homeless people... Nice foyer, check-in was problem-free but the room was a bit disappointing. It could have done with a serious sprucing-up. Room smelt of stale smoke when specifically asked for a non-smoking room. Manager didn't resolve this problem, said there was nothing they could do, whilst shrugging shoulders and looking thouroughly bored with me. Breakfast was nice though and there was plenty of food available and breakfast staff were very pleasant. Okay hotel but won't stay there again.	
Apr 25 2005 	remember your footwear.	Stayed for one night in mid April. Disgusting experience. Hallway on second floor smelt damp, room smelt damp, and pile of vomit on hallway carpet besides ground floor elevator at 7.30am next morning was the final straw. Bathroom in room had been recently renovated - new bath, tiles, etc. Windows also opened, which helped alleviate the damp smell overnight. I wore shoes in room at all times. Is it so difficult to find a clean, comfortable room in London for £120???	
Apr 11 2005	Good location	This hotel is an excellent base for exploring London, within walking distance of Oxford St, Baker St and Regents Park. It is your typical holiday inn- it doesn't have much personality and the staff are pretty miserable. The buffet breakfast is really nice if you are prepared to pay the high price, although I felt the breakfasting room was too small and felt a little rushed by staff to vacate the table. The rooms were clean, the shower nice and hot and the beds comfortable. As mentioned in previous reviews the staff could do with a little customer service training, and I sometimes got the feeling they didn't quite understand me when I spoke to them (the staff are all different nationalities).I don't think I would stay here again, although it is in a good location I didn't enjoy my time in this hotel.	
Feb 28 2005	Smelly	Good location but we specifically booked a non-smoking room to be put in an extremely smelly smoking room on the ground floor. The outer bedding was dirty, the walls were dirty and there was food on the floor. When we asked to be moved they said they were fully booked and that the room was actually non-smoking but guests tend to still smoke in the rooms. We did move the next day but had to return in the afternoon to remove our own belongings. The second room was much much fresher smelling with non-smoking signs and a bigger room, however the hotel decor is in poor condition and desperately needs refurbished. However, if this doesn't bother you then the location is good.	
Feb 9 2005	Nice stains on the wallpaper!	I did not read any of the previous reports from other &quot;happy&quot; visitors to this property before making my booking. We paid 90GBP for a nights accommodation (bed &amp; breakfast)  Checkin was quick and efficient, the upgrade which we should have received for being Priority Club card holders was already given. We did not have to ask unlike other Holiday Inn's we have stayed in before.  The room was shockingly horrible, stains on the wallpaper, peeling wall paper, damp patches around the windows - it was horrible!  One good thing, the bed was very comfortable, had the best nights sleep in a hotel for a while.  The bathroom was small, the bath shallow.   We had breakfast in the room the morning after, what shall I say...  ...Out of date milk (took 30 minutes to receive some in date replacements)  Apart from the milk, there was a good selection of items and very yummy.  The smoke detector was extra sensitive, and was set of by my partner by just using the hair dryer!  Checkout was quick although the Romanian receptionist was not very friendly (but Ive never met one who is at a Holiday Inn)  Would we stay here again.. NO! Id sooner pay £200 and stay at the Intercontinental! 	
Jan 23 2005	Wouldn't Suggest		
Jan 19 2005	Okay		
Nov 14 2004	Perfectly adequate quiet location in Central London		
Sep 22 2004	nice place		
Aug 23 2004 	stay here		
Jul 6 2004	Great roomlocation and breakfast		
Apr 27 2004	I'd Stay There Again		
Feb 11 2004	great value + location		
Jan 17 2004	basics clean good price/location		
Dec 11 2003	great location minimal service		
Oct 28 2009 	Londres		
Sep 1 2009 	Bom Hotel muito bem localizado.		
Feb 27 2009 	Ottima posizione per visitare la città		
