Nov 17 2009 	Excellent room and friendly staff	Room was perfect, hotel staff were great. Room was good size, with kitchenette and washer/dryer. Bathroom was very good, stone floors and walls and glass shower. Staff kept the room very clean for us too. Hotel is situated in a great area near Parliament (across the river), with great access to underground etc.. Staff recommended Cafe Madeira for breakfast - excellent choice, very friendly with great food (reasonable too) and traditional English breakfast. Hotel concierge was a great help, with theater tix and day trips. Highly recommend this Hotel, my wife searched for several weeks before choosing, and I'm very happy with the choice.	
Oct 30 2009 	Well-Appointed Rooms Friendly Service Would Recommend	I chose Plaza on the River for our recent stay in London, mostly because of the large, open plan suite and the kitchenette. We checked in about 2PM, and our room was available after about a 15 minute wait. The staff were friendly checking us in and our bags were taken up to our room while we had a drink in the bar.The room was very nice, with the furnishings being in good condition, and it was very clean. Our room didn't have a view, which was okay with us. We faced into an interior atrium that faced additional rooms. The only things I noticed about the room were some scratches on the hardwood floors from moving furniture, and some dark scuffs on the leather sofa. Otherwise, it was very clean and nice. I especially liked the pillows, which were soft duck down.The only real issue we had was the temperature. It was in the 60s in London, and the room was about 70 degrees+ and stuffy. We opened the window, but due to the interal atrium, there was no breeze to be had. I called guest relations and was told the hotel was in &quot;winter&quot; mode, with the air conditioning turned off. The room became uncomfortable, but not unbearable. We ended up leaving the window wide open day and night, and did get some relief that way. Strangely enough, the day before we left, the air conditioning was turned on (I guess enough people inquired about the hot rooms). With the air on, we would have nothing to complain about at all.We used room service a lot (a much better menu that the silly, pretentious restaurant) and the food was very good, hot and severed promptly. We also visited the Embankment Grocery next door quite a lot for supplies. The Vauxhall tube station is 1/2 mile down the road, and the area seems very well-traveled and seems safe. We walked back to the hotel a lot at night, and there were always a lot of people around. The hotel wasn't noisy. I've seen other reviewers mention trains; we saw the trains running behind the hotel but never heard them. The only noise was slamming doors (the room doors are quite heavy and close on their own).I think we would both stay here again. We paid (on average) just under $200 a night.	
Oct 13 2009 	Nice rooms but shoddy service	I stayed in a two bed apartment with my two teenage children.The good:Room was very spacious, exceptionally well equipped and a nice offer on of a film for a £1 on the inroom movie service. Close to Waterloo and Vauxall and short walk to Westminster.The bad:Very disappointed to find that breakfast was restricted to a very limited continental offer, which was not mentioned at all when booking or in confirmation. I should apparently have been offered the chance to 'upgrade' to a hot breakfast but they forgot. Bathroom had all sorts of rubbish visible - which had obviously been there since the place was built - empty beer cans, dirty rags and coins. The rate booked was to include a &quot;welcome luxury hamper&quot; - this consisted of a bottle of water. Apparently they didn't realise that this rate had been booked due to ongoing system problems. Very slow to respond to complaints and still waiting for the hamper!!.You can get better quality, in a better location for a cheaper price.	
Oct 10 2009 	Pretty good with a couple of drawbacks...	My wife and I booked this hotel based on Trip Advisor. I e-mailed to let them know we'd be arriving early on the morning after our first booked night, and they wrote back immediately and politely. When we arrived, the service was good, we checked in to a room looking out over the atrium, and took a little nap. The room was comfortable and modern, but the couch collapsed when I sat down (I'm big, but not THAT big), and there was a little peeling paint. When we left that afternoon for dinner, someone clearly had been sick in the lobby. We noticed the smell again when we came back, and the following morning as well. There wasn't someone at the desk the first two passes, but I finally had to point it out to an attendant. It was immediately taken care of. The restaurant is too hip for its own good with club music drumming constantly. The food was okay. The sushi was pretty marginal.Only downside to the location is limited tube access - Vauhall on the Victoria line was the closest station. Finally, on the day we left there were six movies on our bill; we viewed only two. They fixed it immediately and without question.So, overall a mixed bag, but we'd consider staying there again.	
Oct 6 2009 	Fabulous fantastic and wonderful!	My husband and I wanted to write a review of this hotel as we used it for the weekend of our wedding (just last weekend). We can't say enough good things about this hotel as we had the most incredible experience during this most important event in our lives. We rented a two bedroomed apartment overlooking the river as well as having rooms in the other part of our hotel for our guests. Our apartment was absolutely beautifully appointed and extremely well equipped - and in our opinion - exceptionally good value. From the moment we arrived at the hotel we were treated extremely well by all the staff we came across. Everyone seemed to know that it was a special weekend for us and were very kind to us. We used the facilities available to the fullest, including the hotel restaurant for our pre-wedding dinner the night before. The restaurant was fabulous and the food was delicious. We had guests with some special dietry requirements which they catered for without issue. The service was impeccable and we had a great time. On the day of our wedding after our reception we came back and had canapes in our apartment. We also used the services of a Butler which I can highly recommend (very reasonable rate for such good service). The food provided was plentiful and tasty and the service was great. Anyway, if you are looking for a place to stay in London whether it is for an event or just for a weekend break - we can't recommend it highly enough. We had the time of our lives here and intend to be regular visitors to the hotel whenever we come to London.	
Oct 2 2009	Wonderful experience - loved our stay.	My daughter and I stayed at the Plaza on the River from September 14-23, 2009. We had a great room on the 6th floor with a wonderful view of the river. Our bathroom and kitchen were spotless and kept that way our entire visit by the cleaning staff. The room was very quiet and the bed was really comfortable. The room was a little expensive, but having the kitchen and washer/dryer available was worth the extra cost. There is a little grocery store next door that had everything available for us to make several meals in our room. The only complaint we had was that the shower was very slow to drain. This is a wonderful place to stay if you have teenagers or for adults, but I wouldn't really recommend it if you have small children. Traveling around London was easy. Taxis were always available and the bus stop is right out front. 10-15 min. walk to tube - nice if it wasn't raining!	
Sep 28 2009	Wonderful Hotel amazing Service	From the initial enquiry they were helpful and informative. They made us feel very special, the room was beautiful and the staff are so friendly.	
Sep 18 2009 	Great but not 5 star	We selected this hotel due to the reviews and 5 star rating on Expedia.com. Traveling from the US we wanted an early check in, and we were informed that if we wanted to be sure of an early check in we should upgrade to a 1 bed suit, which we did. We had a great room that looked directly over the river to the Houses of Parliment, a stunning sight when flood lit at night. The room had a nearly full kitchen, including dishwasher and washing machine, which we used. The bed was an American king, and the room itself was the hi-lite of the trip. However the facilities at the hotel while good were not what one expects at a true 5 star hotel. This was a great 3 star hotel by international standards. The one down side is that the hotel caters for weddings, and while one is trying to sleep, somewhere in the hotel there is a loud party which disrupts any attempt at sleep. Food and drink is expensive- its London remember, and all the staff appear to be non English. Still it was very central for walking London, only minutes from The houses of Parliment and Westminister Abbey. Would certainly go back again.	
Sep 14 2009 	Outstanding Hotel Gorgeous views Modern suites	We stayed here on a 3 night stay in London. I was worried about the location, because of previous postings on TA- but we were able to go into the City easily on buses (No.3) and the hotel is only a few minutes from Vauxhall tube. The river and London eye are within walking distance too, but we took a taxi for 5 pounds. I had a studio suite with a balcony and it was gorgeous. There was a full kitchenette with fridge, microwave, cooktop, dishwasher, espresso machine, toaster, washing machine. The bathroom was gorgeous and everything was of a high standard. Free wireless internet was very useful. I would highly recommend this hotel and cannot imagine going to London and not staying at the Plaza.	
Sep 9 2009 	Great hotel huge suites highly recommended	I stayed here on a 5 night stay in London. I was worried about london hotels and their tiny rooms but this was not the case at the Plaza. The location is great, only a few minutes from Vauxhall tube. The river and London eye are within walking distance too. I had a studio suite and it was gorgeous. There was a full kitchenette with fridge, microwave, cooktop, dishwasher. The bathroom was gorgeous and everything was of a high standard. Free wireless internet was also useful. I would highly recommend this hotel if you are looking for high quality and lots of space.	
Sep 1 2009 	Excellent will stay at the Plaza again soon.	Great place to stay, kids loved it. Food in chino's was fantastic.	
Aug 21 2009 	poor quality	im the teenager who stayed there with my family, this hotel was appauling! the carpets were very dirty, the setee was manky, it was that bad we had to go ask for another room.We got one and it was slightly cleaner, dont stay here if you are afraid of heights because there is full glass windows, from the floor to ceiling. THIS IS A APPAULING HOTEL !!!!!	
Aug 20 2009 	You can't go wrong if they put a vogue next to the bath tub for you!!!	We stayed in the plaza by the river as our over night resting place during christmas shopping weekend. We had booked a deluxe room which was spacious, and very clean with a bathroom the size of the bedroom, and best equipped i've ever experienced!Food was gorgeous, staff were competent. Only downside was that the room was very hot, and the air conditioning had no instructions, and just didn't seem to work!	
Aug 13 2009 	Tried to say next door hotel was part of our suite!	We stayed her in May as my son was having an operation at Great Ormond Street. When I booked a two bedroom suite I impressed on the operator that I needed a quite room with a view of Big Ben etc, I was assured that this would be fine and notes had been left to this effect. When we arrived we told that the room wasn't ready and could we take a seat in the bar- no problems, this was 11am. I checked us in in the meantime and we went over the arrangements, the lady who checked us in said that she was the person that the booking had been made originally with. Great I thought (big mistake!) After waiting for over an hour and half in the bar with no mention of the room we asked to order a light snack, we were told that this was not possible. The lady did manage to find some pastries left over from breakfast for our son. Eventually we got our room key and off we went. We had a room on the seventh floor, which walks straight into a hall and then the kitchen and the bedrooms are off at different ends of the suite. There was an interconnecting door open into another suite from the master bedroom which looked like the layout which is on the website and ours didn't. My son's room had carpet on and different decor and bathroom etc whereas ours was wooden floors. The room in my son's room was also propped open with a heavy bench. I went out of his exit and saw that this was a different hotel. Yes, they had given us an interconnecting room and the hotel next door. Did I mention my son is 3? We decided to go out and get some lunch and we were just getting in a taxi when I heard &quot;EXCUSE ME!! HELLO!!&quot; being boomed in my direction it was the lady from the bar. &quot;Are you actually going to pay for the drinks?&quot; &quot;Oh, sorry I&quot; replied &quot;can I sign the chit and they can be added to my bill&quot;. &quot;Hmmm&quot; she said and flounced off. I can honestly say that it was an honest mistake in not signing for them at the bar but does it warrant being shouted down and accused of running out on a bill?Later on back at the hotel I called someone up to room as I was convinced (rightly so) that the rooms we were given were not correct. The manager came up (it wasn't the hotel manager but the manager of the hotel next door! Park Plaza Riverbank London) and I explained the situation, my son couldn't be in this room if the interconnecting door gets closed and he goes out of the main door to his room then we will have no way of finding him! Also expressed surprise at bar attendant chasing out to the taxi. The manager said that he would get us moved but as we were at the hospital the next day they would do it all for us. He said the room would have the same view (my son loves the Houses of Parliament the main reason for booking this hotel) but it would a suite rather than the interconnecting rooms. We get back after the operation- we had been out all day and were all very tired when we got back to find some awards ceremony going on, by awards ceremony read WAG wannabes and the type crawling around everywhere. I didn't have the energy to say a thing, we were greeted at the reception desk and with new keys and advised our room was on the 10th floor. We got upto the room and yes all the rooms were in the suite but the view was nothing like what we had before. We were now looking down towards Vauxhall, from the side balcony we could just see the Eye, but for son not really. We were all tired and I thought we can come back down to London in the future I just needed to get through tonight. We ordered some room service and while this was being delivered by son started to vomit, the staff just left and within five minutes I had staff knocking on the door asking where the sick was so they could clean and take the rug away. In reality most of it had gone over my son and a tiny bit on the blanket. I gave it to them and they left. We also had to ring the hotel doctor who advised that he was going to call an ambulance for my son. We went to wait downstairs and I saw the hotel manager to ask how long he had been advised etc. After waiting for 20 minutes downstairs and seeing the manager once- he was more interested in seeing the WAG types then helping hotel guests we went back to our room, I told him to call me as soon as the paramedics arrived. Eventually they arrived and were escorted to our room. After a check-over we were advised he was fine. Again, we had to walk through the hotel reception area and were made to feel like we were ruining the atmosphere of this ceremony/ party. When we checked out in the morning I was advised that the manager wanted to see me before we left, after waiting for 20 minutes she finally arrived. She then said &quot;You wanted to see me?&quot; I couldn't believe it. Her assistant said, &quot;This is Mrs ____&quot; &quot;Oh&quot; she said and we started again. I explained how I felt since we arrived at the hotel. As a gesture of goodwill she arranged to take 10% off the bill but this was all she could do. While I was at the desk waiting for a revised bill another man came down with a list of complaints from his room ranging from wardrobe doors hanging off to scorch marks on the kitchen top. Hmm, will I stay here again, NO WAY.	
Aug 6 2009 	Exceptional Accomodations in a Superb Location	We were overwhelmed by the luxurious accomodations we experienced at Plaza on the River. The fully equipped one-bedroom suite had a gorgeous view of the River Thames and every amenity to make our stay as comfortable as possible. &quot;Spacious&quot; is an understatement to describe the vastness of the suite which was tastefully decorated with quality modern furniture and featured two large flat-screen televisions (one in the living room, the other in the bedroom). The bathroom was divine with a separate deep tub and large shower. We enjoyed exceptional service from the hotel staff, especially Tobias. The &quot;chocolate&quot; evening turn-down service was lovely. The hotel location is convenient to most attractions with a wonderfully scenic walk along the Thames. After many long days of sightseeing, it was truly a pleasure to enjoy such fine and comfortable accomodations at this excellent hotel.	
Aug 3 2009 	Absolutely amazing hotel - worth every penny!	The hotel was top class, from the check in to the check out... the rooms themselves are brilliantly equipped and are to a very very high standard. Service was more than 5 star, and the prices were good too! Cant say enough about this hotel, definitely will stay there again.	
Jul 23 2009 	Stay here!	Plaza on the river is 2 hotels. 1 is a 5 star, residence hotel, the other is a 4 star hotel. We've stayed in both and its 5 star all the way for us from now on! The hotel is on the Thames about 5 minutes walk from the Houses of parliment and has a lovely Japaneese restaurant on site (you get a 25% discount voucher in your room when you stay) There is a very convenient shop next door too that stocks everything you would need. The only negative thing about this hotel is the parking £25 a day - which I guess is OK for central London, but a pain having to pay for! Not withstanding that though, I love this hotel and cant be bothered trying anywhere else. If your thinking about staying here; do.	
Jul 22 2009 	Seven star rating and more - search no more	We recently had the pleasure of staying in a two bedroom apartment in June 2009. When we arrived we thought that cab driver had dropped us off at the wrong hotel as the place was amazing considering what we paid. This was our impression as we entered the reception area, however, we were bowled over when we entered our apartment. The accommodation and service far exceeded our expectations and we would, without hesitation, rate this with a seven star rating. Not only was the décor stunning, but the appliances, linen, toiletries etc. were outstanding. The attention to detail is unsurpassed - they have considered everything. Additionally, the staff and guest services were most attentive and professional at all times. The apartment was spotless, the toiletries were a very exclusive brand, and we fell in love with the espresso coffee machine. The two rooms were fully self contained with their own &quot;private&quot; bathrooms. The dishwasher and washing machine came in very handy. The bed was huge and amazing as was the pillows and linen. The breakfast was awesome and sustained you far beyond lunch time. The bar and restaurant were very trendy and cosy and there were numerous restaurants within walking distance. The location is great - walking distance to the Eye, Houses of Parliament, Big Ben etc. The bus stopped right outside the door and Vauxhall station was a short 5 minute walk. Dont be put off by the location as it is not inconvenient at all. This hotel has gone out of its way to not just satisfy its guests, but to delight them. If you would like a view of the Thames be sure to indicate this when you book, but staying in this hotel you don't need the view. The search for accommodation in London has definitely ended!! (Sam and Jac, South Africa)	
Jul 21 2009 	Great rooms and free internet.	Ten of us stayed and it proved to be a great choice. Overlooking the river made for a picture perfect spot. Walking distance to many attractions and very close to a fine German Pub. We all decided that we would stay here again.	
Jul 9 2009 	Home from Home in a wonderful location	This trip has been planned for quite awhile and we planned to stay in the Park Plaza on Albert embankment for as we had stayed here before. We where celebrating our first anniversary together and had booked the Park Plaza as we had a wonderful stay here just before Christmas.We where quite surprised to find we had been upgraded to the Plaza on the River this time and when we got to our room (Should say suite) we where blown away by the size and how luxurious it was from a stunning bathroom and bedroom to the kitchen. It was like a home from home and made us feel quite special.The restaurant at the hotel is also something a bit special serving Asian food (Chinese and Japanese) the food really is amazing and made our anniversary night romantic and special. If you get the chance please try it as it will be a pleasurable experience. It cost us just short of £100 with drinks.Also a special mention must go to Thom the concierge who got us on a number of bars &amp; clubs guest lists and made the weekend even more special.Loved the weekend and loved the Plaza on the River.	
Jul 8 2009 	Great Hotel	We stayed for four nights in a terrific executive one-bedroom suite. My wife and I had a room to ourselves and our daughters shared a pullout couch.. We were able to eat breakfast in the apartment everyday. We also took advantage of the combined washer and drier, which was a nice luxury -- though the drier did not work nearly so well as a separate drier. The staff was friendly and helpful -- though one morning they neglected to provide the wakeup call that we requested. The only drawback is that the hotel is approximately half a mile from the closest tube stop, so be prepared to do some extra walking if you like to take advantage of the London Underground.	
Jul 8 2009 	Excellent location great hotel wonderful views	We stayed for a combination of business and leisure. We had a 2 bedroom suite on the 11th floor. Our room faced away from Westminster, but the view was fantastic. There was airconditioning (which was a little loud) in each room and we could also open our windows. I couldn't hear much traffic. The beds were comfortable, the facilities were excellent and whenever there was a problem the hotel staff fixed it immediately. My one complaint is that the wireless connection was so slow it was non-existent and the cable connection which costs 10 pound a night was slower than I needed and a little unreliable. It was central, close to Westminster, really comfortable and having such views of the Thames is really special. I'd stay there again.	
Jul 7 2009 	Excellent Upscale Hotel...Great for long stays	My wife and I, along my brother-in-law stayed in a suite at the Plaza from the 25th of May to the 29th. Originally it was just going to be my wife and I, but her brother, who was studying in Sweden at the time, decided to join us last minute. We called and were able to upgrade from our original studio, to a one-bed suite with ease. Tobias, at the front desk, was fantastic. Check-in was easy and they held our bags for us while we waited for our room...(we arrived around 10 a.m.) As it was the bank holiday weekend the hotel was full, but never felt crowded. The decor, very modern. The lobby was nice, and the lounge was perfect for a quick cup of coffee, or a after dinner drink. During the week it appears that this is very much a business hotel, but it wasn't too bad while we were there. Our room was fantastic. The view...well...more than perfect. Our view over looked the Thames, and had a direct view of Parliment and Big Ben. Stunning! The room itself was perfect for us. We had a nice big one bedroom with floor to ceiling windows. The bathrooms were squeaky clean and the shower worked great with great water pressure. Definitely an upscale bathroom as it had good size. The living area was great for us as it had a nice size sofa for a person to sleep on, along with a full kitchenette. That was so clutch to have during the long weekend as it was quite warm out. Having cold waters ready and available was really helpful. One nice little feature was the washer/dryer in the room. Obviously designed for the long term stay, this something to keep in mind when packing. We did one load which allowed us to save on clothes to pack.Location was good. I wouldn't say great only because you had about a 1/4 to a 1/2 mile to the Vauxhall Tube Station. The area is fine, and you shouldn't feel any discomfort walking around at night. Just remember it's a big city. If a little walking isn't an issue, than it's a great spot to stay as your walking distance to Parliament, Big Ben, Westminster, Lambeth Bridge, and you can walk the entire length of the Thames from the hotel if you please.Overall, this is a great hotel. They also had free wi-fi...and for those American travelers, a U.S. outlet. I'd highly recommend it to anyone going to London for more than a weekend.Cheers	
Jul 1 2009 	Pleasant Stay	We stayed here for one week during the busy week in June. We had a great experience here, the apartment with modern finishings, complete kitchen (which was very helpful since I have to prepare food/porridge for my 1-year old daughter everyday). The master bedroom was nice and big but the 2nd bedroom was a bit small (maybe it seems smaller since I placed my baby's cot in this room). Another plus point is that the apartment is complete with free WIFI connection.All the staff were very friendly and helpful, particularly the housekeeping services. Since the day we arrived was actually the Father's Day, we have requested for a box of chocolate and a small card to be placed in the master bedroom. And indeed there was the choc + card with a complimentary basket full of food, choc and fresh fruits. On top of this, they also placed a small box of chocolate everyday in every room.Although the apartment was quite a distant from the tube station (nearest was about 10-15 min walking), it wasn't really a problem since the bus stop is right in front, you can get to Vauxhall/Waterloo tube in minutes, then a quick tube ride anywhere else.We will definitely stay at this place when we come to London again. Happily recommend ing this place especially to family travelling with young kids.	
Jun 29 2009 	No complaints from us!	Excellent hotel. The rooms are modern and spacious. The restaurant was one of the best we ate at in all of London. With the bus stop at the front door, you can get to Waterloo or Vauxhall in minutes, then a quick tube ride anywhere else. When we return, it will be our first choice of lodging.	
Jun 29 2009 	Nice view with some noise !!	We stayed there for seven nights as our first time visiting London. The location was great it's close to vauxhall station about five mins walking. Rooms was okay but not that much clean, the kitchen was fully equipped which realy served our needs as a family. Receptionists were so nice and helpful. The only disturbing matter that there was a train rail behind the hotel which cause some noise every 15mins.Overall we enjoyed our stay there and I would recommend it for families .	
Jun 27 2009 	London vacation	My son and I recently stayed 4 nights at this hotel and found it a pleasent experiance. Location was a little out side of Westminster but a short walk along the Thames got us into the hub area within 15 minutes. Room was nice, not big but fuctional. On the modern side. Had dinner two nights at there resturaunt which speciaizes in asian (sushi type dishes) and where very satisfied. Staff very friendly.	
May 28 2009 	Very Comfortable Stay	My best friend and I stayed here on our trip to London. When we got to the hotel we upgraded to a one bedroom suite instead of the open floor plan suite. The room was great. It was very very clean and very large. We had a livingroom, dining area and kitchen. The bedroom was very large too, as well as the bathroom, which had a separate shower and tub. The staff was very friendly and very helpful to us as tourists. The hotel is a bit far from the nearest metro, but that is only about 5 blocks. There is a convenience store just a few meters away, where we bought foods/ drinks and snacks which we could keep in our refrigerator. Having a kitchen saved us a lot of money since we didn't have to eat breakfast or dinner at restaurants if we didn;t want to. I would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 13 2009 	A nice enough stay but...	My friends and I stayed here for one night during a theatre break. The hotel is well situated and we were lucky enough to have a one bedroom suite overlooking the river. The suite was clean, modern and spacious, and the kitchen facilitites excellent, although we were only there for one night so did not use them fully. The bathroom was the best I've had in a long time.As there were three of us a single bed had been set up in the lounge area as expected. Unfortunately it was extremely uncomfortable, especially when compared with the much more comfortable bed in the bedroom. The walls in the lounge were also paper thin; I could clearly hear my neighbours talking. This was not a problem when I was awake but once my early rising neighbours were awake, playing music and moving around their suite in a not unreasonable fashion, my sleep was disturbed and I had no choice but to get up too. I don't see why the third person in the party should have a worse night's sleep!Reception were very polite and helpful, but were always engaged when trying to reach them on the phone in the room. I found I had to leave our 9th floor room to go down to the desk to make a simple request, eg for an extra blanket. There was only ever one person on reception at a time, often with a couple of other people also waiting to speak to them. The bar is comfortable and well presented, the service excellent, with a good cocktail menu.Breakfast was nice and the staff pleasant and efficient. The only down side is you had to make your own toast and the toaster took a long time, allowing the rest of your food to get cold while you were waiting. I'd say this is a good four star hotel rather than five star, and I'd recommend this hotel to couples and those staying in bedrooms as I'd avoid sleeping in the lounge!	
Mar 7 2009 	Luxury suite overlooking the Thames	We stayed one night in a very spacious deluxe one-bedroomed suite. Polished wood floors, lots of ambient lighting and an extremely huge and comfortable bed made for a superbly luxurious night in London. I would have happily stayed for longer. The only slightly disappointing thing was the view. Some rooms have a fantastic view of the Thames, Houses of Parliament, etc., unfortunately ours looked out over an ugly office block and railway line. We could just about see the Thames if we craned our necks! Also if you are a light sleeper, you may find the contstant rumble of trains very annoying.	
Jan 15 2009 	New Years Eve at the Plaza	We were fortunate to secure a room at the Plaza on the River over the New Years holiday. This was especially nice because we had views of the river and fireworks, and we could tell that many other people booked rooms to take advantage of its vantage pointLike many other reviewers, we were upgraded to a one bedroom suite after booking just an open suite. The room was fantastic and roomy, and the bathroom was modern and top notch. The bed was one of the best we had on our two week stay in England, and the kitchen was a fantastic addition and helped us save some money by cooking in the room.There is only one real drawback however, and that is location. Being on the south side of the river, this hotel is kinda remote with no attractions or restaurants nearby. The nearest tube station is Vauxhall and that is a 5-10 min. walk away, which would be okay unless it is freezing outside (which it was when we were there).We did not try the breakfast buffet offered at the hotel because we thought it was a bit expensive (11 gpd per person) so we just had breakfast in our room.Overall though this hotel can not be beat for roominess, views of the river, and decor. We would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 1 2009 	Wow a family break in London that is perfect	We have just returned from a fabulous trip to London with our 2 children aged 8 and 10.Being a Travel Agent to say that I am fussy is a gross understatement!We stayed at the Plaza on the River from 27th - 30th December.From the welcome from the staff to the teak beautiful floors .The touches were wonderful.We booked this about 6 months ago and kept checking reviews.The rroms are very spacious with ample space for 4 people.The furniture very classy and tasteful.Little touches e.g fresh orange and danishes by lift area.A proper Espresso in your kitchen area . We used the deli a couple of buildings down and so we could stock up if need be on snacks.However we did use the room service which the kids got large pizza for less than a tenner and it was great size for them.We visited London as it is a great age to take the boys and it was important to see our capital.It fitted the bill perfectly !!!!Have already recommended it to all our family who are keen to get booked for 2009.	
Dec 15 2008 	Nice view	The hotel was a few minutes of walk from Westminster, right on the river Thames. The staff was friendly and nice, the room was big and clean.The TV was great, it had a lot of channels, even the italian RAI.The breakfast was good, but the lounge was a little crowded in the late morning, so I suggest to go for breakfast early.The surroundings were a bit noisy, we had the window on the railway that runs behind the hotel.It's a hotel for businessmen rather than for tourists, but the room had all the comforts and the bathroom had both the bathtube and the shower. The bed was big and comfortable.	
Nov 23 2008 	Loved the spacious rooms and views	My one bedroom suite at Plaza on the River was a treat. Big spacious room and with views of the River Thames, the hotel is very good for long staying guests (I am spending 60 days here). The staff were very friendly and the rooms were kept immaculately clean.The only thing that bothers me though, is that I always hear people from above my room moving their chairs around. Must be thin layers between the floors.	
Nov 7 2008 	Ideal for Special Occasions	I booked one night at the Plaza as a suprise stay for my fiancee whilst in London. Have travelled extensively from dives to palaces and would not say that this is a 5 star hotel - but a good 4 star, with the added benefit of the well appointed kitchens in the suites. Had a 1 bedroom suite on the 9th floor with a river view which was very nice. Extremely clean and comfortable, very relaxing and the staff very helpful. The bar downstairs is also nice for cocktails in the evening. Only two negative points are that the air conditioning would not kick out cold air as it was on 'winter mode' apparently, which was a bit uncomfortable and had to have the window open to the noisy london elements. The second being that the breakfast is certainly not a 5 star breakfast. It is self service with only a modest choice on both continental and full english sides. Other than that a good stay.	
Nov 3 2008	Fantastic experience	The end of a two-week European trip with a night in London couldn't be better. The suite was perfect, the staff went out of their way to be helpful (finding great tickets at short notice for a West End show) and the restaurant was wonderful	
Oct 28 2008 	Luxurious Apartment London	I booked this apartment for a family weekend trip to London and I can honestly say that we received first class treatment from the moment we arrived to the day we departed. The two bedroom suite we stayed in was a modern, clean and luxurious place to stay - We will definitely use again	
Oct 8 2008 	Consistent Plaza Quality	Like most Plaza hotels it had exceptional customer service. Food was first rate at restaurant. Some overtones of British Pompousness but not enough to get in the way of an enjoyable stay. Generally friendly and responsive. Wonderful suite with full amenities - Espresso coffee maker, decent fridge etc.	
Oct 6 2008 	Not great	Perhaps it was bad luck or it was a bad day for Plaza at the River, but our experience here was awful. We arrived after the check in time, but our room was still not ready. The receptionist gave a reason, but she spoke so quickly, and with such odd English, we didn't understand. However, she did agree to look after our bags while we went out for a few hours.Our next problem is when we had breakfast the next morning. When I got my breakfast, it was cold and consequentlyinedible - the sausages were freezing and my eggs were rock hard. Maybe i was stupid to think a 5star hotel could cook eggs!On check out another receptionist was rude, had a nasty attitude and looked like we were bothering her by asking her about transport. She kept trying to get us to use the hotel car, and consequntly was extremely vague about buses or trains.Not to worry though - we will NEVER be staying in this hotel again or recommending it to anyone.	
Sep 30 2008 	Rubbish hotel with even worse staff	I spend about 7 months of the year in hotels...so i like to think i know something about them. I have stayed in some great hotels, and i've stayed in some really nasty holes.....this was one of the worst. The rooms full of tatty IKEA-style furniture, which, like all junk, ages very badly. The linen, towels, shampoos, soaps etc all fall into the same category: cheap and nasty. The rooms also smell of whatever anyone else is cooking, and have really thin walls....not great if you have to be up am 6am!However, my big problem was with the staff. The place is run by children, who don't seem to have a clue what they are doing. Be this the bar staff, the room service staff, or the bellboys....none of the had a clue....about anything (late checkouts, closing time in the bar, shuttle bus times etc etc.) The reception girls were rude, condescending and snobby.....turning their noses up at almost everything i said as if i was a complete fool. Plus, they sit behind a ponsy desk, which feels like you're being interrogated. This place is crap, and it's expensive, and i shall never stay here again. If i were you, go to the METROPOLITAN HOTEL on Old Park Lane...now that's a REAL 5 star hotel.	
Sep 28 2008	Loved it!	Beautiful hotel. Reception clerk was very friendly and helpful. Suite was spacious and comfortable, bathroom and shower were large; ample counter space. We prefer a softer mattress. Flat screen TV in both the living area and the bedroom was a nice feature, as were the refrigerator, kitchen area and washing machine. Lounge and restaurant had great ambience and delicious food. Service from the bell desk and housekeeping was prompt and courteous. Having a red and green light switch at the door, to signal the need for privacy or housekeeping respectively, was useful. The staff clearly respected the red privacy light. We heard no noise from the street or the hallway, making it easy to sleep. Definitely plan to return.	
Sep 23 2008 	Loved the Plaza by the River!	Hi!I stayed here in mid September 08 and had a great time. I booked the Junior suite but was upgraded to a 1 Bedroom Suite. The room was big, clean and looked very new and the bathroom was big and lovely!. I also had a great view of the Thames. Overall a very good experience. Thanks to Caterina who made the stay even better by giving us a late checkout. Thanks! will be back.	
Sep 21 2008 	If you have to go to London then this is the place to stay	I've recently had the pleasure of staying at this hotel for buisness purposes for the last 20 months, for the month of September I have stayed in the 5 star side of the hotel. The hotel generally is an excellent one but the five star side is truley excellent the staff are extremley proffessional and can't do enough for you. The suites are excellent tastefully desinged and extremely comfortable, room service is excellent and the Chatino Latino Restaurant is superb for breakfast and evening meal. The staff are very proffesional and the managers run a tight ship, this is portrayed in the excellent service they provide for you.Geographically ideally place just south of the river opposite The Tate Gallery buildings and south west of the Houses of Parliament its a 15 minute walk to Trafalgar square and then Theatre land also Buck Palace.So if you do have to go to London on buisness or pleasure this is the place to stay.	
Sep 3 2008 	Top Notch	Arrived after Baltic Cruise. Spent only one night but because of location, got on sightseeing bus, arranged by concerige at Hotel. Staff extemely helpful and cordial. Rooms were modern and quite large. Had an inside room so no real view, but could go outside and were right on Thames at Lambert Bridge to overlook Parliament and &quot;Big Ben&quot;. Reataurant was a little overpriced but that was pretty much all over London.	
Aug 24 2008 	Lovely romantic modern!!! loved it!!	My fiancee booked this hotel as nice little treat for us to relax. we decided to make use of the full kitchen (it had absolutely everything, more than what i have in my own house) but unfortunatly the cooker wasn't working, someone came straight up to try to fix it but failed and the reception gave us free room service, which was a touch. The receptionist was lovely, very polite and very helpful and we even got a free upgrade to a balcony room. We stayed in a one bed suite and i cant say a bad thing about it, your name comes up on the tv when you turn it on, its got loads of music on demand, everything on a big screen. The veiws were fab, bed was very comfy, very posh - made me feel rich!! oh and the bathroom was gorgeous, i could really go on and on about it, i loved it!!I would recommend this hotel to anyone, anyday, I had a fantastic stay and we are making it an annual thing!!!	
Aug 20 2008 	Great Getaway!	Excellent location for a night in London, fabulous comfy bed!! great luxury bathroom- we were in a one bedroom suite with river views. On the top floor which was great- slightly disappointed to have views of Battersea rather than Westminster as had made a point of saying it was for the view that I booked this hotel... but was still lovely to see the river etc down below. Will definitely book again for a special night in London.-hopefully next time with a view the other way!! Very friendly reception, nice touch in morning of cakes and orange by the lift. Parked our car here overnight no problem and friendly door staff	
Aug 2 2008 	Absolute Best Place to Stay in London	We just returned from a trip to London and Paris and stayed in three different hotels. The Plaza on the River in London was the best location. The room amenities are just fantastic as exactly as described on their website. The services are better than excellent. When we called down for a service, the person was up at our room in less than a minute each time.My family and I are very picky about a lot of things including the comfort of the bed, room temperature, internet access, service times, privacy, lack of noise, etc. We not only had nothing to complain about but enjoyed the most peaceful stay.Being adjacent to a 5-star hotel, the facility has all the amenities of a hotel as well as a long-stay suite. While it is 0.7 miles from the nearest tube station, there is a bus stop right outside the hotel with very frequent service. There is also a small grocery store a few feet from the hotel so we cut down on our expenses by cooking in the room.Overall, the best long-term stay among the hundreds we have used in the past.	
Jun 29 2008 	outstanding stay -- no surprises	i have never written a review before but other trip advisor reviews have really helped me and so i thought i'd put in my two cents:i just got back from the plaza on the river. i stayed with my two small children.trip advisor reviews were spot on. the place could not have been cleaner or the rooms nicer. the appliances are reputuable european makes like miele. the staff are very helpful. the room we were given was a one bedroom suite. but as it faced part of the railroad, it was noisy. i requested a change and as luck would have it, a full-on river facing unit became available the next day and they offered it to us with no further charges. the ac was broken, the shower clogged, the closet door broken in this new unit. but maintenance came right away and very quickly and politely fixed everything.room service is quick and quite good, the restaurant downstairs pricey but good, also. and in the mornings, there are pain au chocolate, croissants, and freshly squeezed orange juice downstairs right by elevator as you get off. my kids loved that. there is also a small but well-stocked convenience food shop just around the corner and as you have a full kitchen, you could very well make use of it -- if you wish.it is a bit out of the way and be mindful of rooms facing the rail, but other than that, i have no reservations what so ever with this place. it was perfect for little kids who eat at all times of the day; it is close to vauxhall station and i absolutely loved the view!	
Jun 8 2008 	A modern and comfortable room with good service	This was my second stay at this hotel after an absence of two years. I asked for and recieved a complimentary upgrade from the open format studio suite to a one bedroom apartment. Nice view of the river from both the bedroom and the living room, much better than looking into the airshaft in the middle of the building like my last stay. The maid service for the room was always top notch, they even did the dishes each day. Room has a washer/dryer for those on extended stays and the kitchen was well equipped for those who would prefer to eat breakfast in or a light meal. No oven, but a microwave and a two burner cooktop. I did dine one night at the Hotel restaurant and it was excellent with a very friendly wait staff. My meeting for the week was just down the street but I am sure that the complaint about this hotel is its location on the Embankment across from Parliment. For me it never seemed to be a problem, there was a bus stop a very short walk from the Hotel that goes to Victoria, Oxford Circus or to Trafalger Square, or the Vauxhall tube station for the Victoria Line is a short walk the other way. For runners or walkers the river walk is just outside the door and goes on for miles along the river, a great morning run. I was very pleased overall with the hotel and the staff. I will stay again.	
Jun 5 2008 	Nice but somewhat disappointed	After reading the reviews on this site, I was really looking forward to staying at this hotel. We were somewhat disappointed. The hotel itself is lovely, and the rooms are spacious and well appointed. But I had been told it was &quot;directly&quot; across from the Houses of Parliment, and 1 block from the Vaxhall tube station. It was several blocks to the station. It was also further down the south bank than expected, and I was not too comfortable walking in that area late at night. We have always stayed in the Knightsbridge area before, and I guess we just prefer that location. It will be interesting to see what happens as that area of London becomes more developed.We didn't make use of the kitchen, but it would be nice to have if one was on an extended stay in London. Although, again it was a bit far from things to return to for lunch while sightseeing. I was pleasantly surprised to find a washer/dryer and used it to wash some panties. Our major complaint was that the cigarette smoke from the front of the hotel seemed to funnel directly up into our room through the ventilation. It was terrible in the mornings!! When we said something to the reception desk, they simply acknowledged that it was a problem. Otherwise, the reception staff was very helpful and friendly.Because of the ventilation issues I would be reluctant to recommend this hotel to non-smokers, but it would be good for business travelers using cabs to get around.	
May 9 2008 	Best Place in London to Stay	Fantastic luxury apartments with stunning views over the river thames and the houses of parliament.First class restaurant at Chino Latino with specialised cuisine and an extensive wine list without costing the usual top london restaurant prices.We didn't even have to get on the tube to see the sights and sounds of central london, just a peiceful walk along the river to alomost everywhere you need for a perfect weekend in london.Great staff and the attention to detail was brilliant.Simply nowhere better to stay in lodon especially at these prices. Geoff Edwards	
May 8 2008 	Little disappointment	Before booking this hotel, I took a look at all the reviews that were excellent. However, after a 3 days stay, I must admit that I'm a little bit disappointed: the sofa bed was broken and when I asked the reception to get another room, I was given the another room with a sofa bed which was broken as well.So, due to the price of this hotel, I'll rate it as neutral/average	
May 8 2008 	Perfect Plaza Apartments	I stay in these fab apartments every week that I am in London - and to be honest will not stay anywhere else - they really give me the pied a terre experience that I need. They are really well equipped, clean and stylish. If you get one with a river view and balcony there's absolutely nowhere better. The facilities are great - very trendy bar and the restaurant is also fab - food is excellent.The location is good - just close enough to everything to be in touch and yet far enough away from the busy West End...... A great spot to go walking from along the river.The staff are really friendly - there's a 'nothing too much trouble' approach from them all and if you are lucky enough to become a regular they greet you by name and give just the right amount of attention.Little touches like the pastries, juice and newspapers by the lift in the mornings are great.The River Bank Park Plaza hotel is good too - but it's the apartments that really deserve praise.	
Apr 21 2008 	The absolute best	I cannot say enough good things about this hotel. It is just amazing. The suites are wonderful, the views superb. When I arrived I was upgraded without even asking - even though I was on a fairly cheap rate. The staff were friendly, the restaurant and room service is great, the rooms are clean beyond belief and the complimentary toiletries etc are superb. The gym could have a better entertainment system but I honestly think that is the only criticism I could possibly clutch at. If you are going to be in London, this is the place to stay. If only more were like this.	
Apr 8 2008 	Superb hotel	Husband booked this hotel in London for my 40th birthday. He booked it through lastminute.com so got it at half the usual price! An absolutely fab hotel! All the staff at the hotel were extremely attentive and nothing was too much trouble (you would probably expect this at a 5* hotel!) The suite we stayed in was well equipped and had a partial view over the river Thames. Within 15min walk of the London Eye, Houses of Parliament and Westminster Abbey.The in-house restaurant (Chino Latino) provided us with THE most delicious food (we got a 25% discount for being guests). Once again the service and ambience of the restaurant reflected the overall impression of the hotel.Only 1 negative comment: the suite was unbearably hot! We stayed in February when the weather is noramlly very cold but it was fairly warm and the climate control just didn't sem to be functioning properly.Overall would rate the hotel 10/10 and would DEFINITELY stay there again!	
Mar 23 2008 	Sweet Suite!!!	My husband and I stayed at this hotel on second trip to London. We are quite picky with our choices and were very pleased with this hotel. Admitted Trip Advisor junkies, we read all the reviews of this hotel and others before booking our trip. Our big &quot;musts&quot;: cleanliness, location, ambiance, and as close to 5 star quality as possible. City Inn Westminster was booked the week we chose to travel so we decided to try the Plaza on the River, just across the Thames river. The hotel is really two hotels in one. Riverbank Park Plaza and then the Plaza on the River. They share the same public areas and restaurants. The Park Plaza Hotel has it’s own reception area and offers a more upscale suite style hotel experience &amp; I am assuming the best views of the city. CLEANLINESS: This hotel was very clean! The lobby, reception, restaurants and guest rooms were spotless. Not one complaint. Everything looked and smelled new. LOCATION: just a few blocks up from the Vauxhall tube station and across the Thames from the Tate Museum. This hotel faces the river. The best form of transportation to a Tube station is via the bus. There is a bus stop just outside the hotel, that will take you directly to the Vauxhall Tube station or in the other direction to a number of other bus routes. You could walk to Vauxhall or to Parliament Square in about 10 minutes. The hotel is not in a busy tourist area with cars and buses whizzing by. AMBIANCE: my husband and I dislike fussy and overly ornate décor. The hotel is beautiful with classic, clean lined furniture and decorations. Modern with touches of Japanese themed art in the public areas, as well as a touch of this theme in the guest rooms. There is a great bar and restaurant in the lobby of this hotel; Chino Latino was a great romantic dinner. GUEST ROOM: We stayed in an open floor plan suite. It had a storybook, picturesque view of London. Our balcony and living room window overlooked the Thames river and the houses of Parliament and London Eye. Amazing!! This room had a kitchenette with refrigerator, stove, silverware, plates and glassware. We took advantage of the small grocery store next door to the hotel and had breakfast and lunch in the room several times during our stay. We really enjoyed that perk. The bedroom was comfy. The bathroom was wonderful! Marble floors, huge walk in marble shower and nice sized vanity. Huge soaking bathtub. Having a living room with a chair and sofa along with the kitchenette and a desk to work from was first-rate. It was like we had our own “flat” or apartment for the entire week we were in London.This is a large hotel, but it remained very quiet. It was pleasant to return to after very long days of site seeing. We were treated well and had absolutely no issues with this property. We did not utilize the business or spa facilities. Cecile in the reception area was super, she had suggestions of sites to visit and truly seemed to enjoy her work. I would highly suggest this hotel and room level!	
Mar 15 2008 	Amazing	We needed somewhere to stay for 1 night in London due to 2 day hospital tests. I found Plaza on the river and spoke to Sunil who was very kind and helpful and although very busy,managed to accommodate us. From the moment we arrived we were overwhelmed with the great service and kindness shown by Nick We were told we had been upgraded to a 2 bedroom balcony suite, Wow, where do I start the view from the balcony was amazing the suite seemed to go on forever, I have never used the word Wow so much, I felt we were on a rollercoaster from loads of worrying tests at the hospital to the most wonderful suite imaginable. We spent most of the night on the balcony just watching the fantastic sights. Thankyou Nick and Sunil you will never know how much this meant to us. The Plaza on the river is a real gem and I would recommend this to anyone looking for a experience second to none.	
Mar 13 2008 	Loved the Plaza!!	I recently stayed at the Plaza on the River and have nothing but good things to say!I was given a complimentary upgrade from a studio suite to a 2 bedroom suite with amazing views of Big Ben and the houses of Parliament from my balcony!!!!The facilities in the suite were excellent, with a lounge, kitchen, 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms!!The staff are polite and cannot do enough to help. Special mention to the room service waiter who also fixed the tv in the lounge when I mentioned in passing that I couldnt get it to work. It merely turned out to be flat batteries in the remote control but he returned with new batteries in a matter of minutes. Likewise the reception staff are most helpful as was the concierge and bar staff.I cannot recommend this hotel enough and have advised my friends, family and colleagues to stay here when in London.Excellent hotel!!!!!!!	
Mar 10 2008 	Best Hotel I have ever been to.	I have travelled to many 5 star hotel across the world but this hotel tops them all. My friend and I stayed in a 2 room suite in the 5 star section andthe room was unbelievable so much so that I want to design my apartment like it. Modern and every service imanigable. Price was decent as well. Beautiful women will serve you sushi with a smile at the lounge and cocktail bar downstairs and treat you like royalty. Very friendly and professional as well. If you are lucky ask for the view of the Themes river. If I could give this place 6 stars I would , absolutely wonderful...are they on the stock exchange???G aboud	
Mar 10 2008 	Fantastic views!	I would recommend the Plaza on the River to anyone who wants to spend a day or more visiting London. The view from the suite was amazing, you can see right across the river to the Houses of Parliament and Big Ben. The service was excellent, everyone was very helpful and I could not fault a thing. Jack from Cambridge	
Feb 23 2008 	you can't go wrong	I was taken to theis hotel for a suprise 30th birthday with an evening planned out in London, The hotel I found to be immmaculate and faultless although we spent lttle time there,what we did find while we were there was that all the staff were very helpfull and also very polite &amp; friendly. The rooms were very clean and comfortable and the room service was just excellent. The location was excellent for anyone wanting to see the sites of London as it was rather central for all the attractions London has to offer. Many thanks to all the staff as a very enjoyable stay was had.	
Feb 21 2008 	5* luxury	Booked this hotel for a valentines treat for my wife, it was the first time in a long time since we had a night away from our children! I upgraded to amazing suite with our own private balcony which had amazing views over the river and Big Ben etc. The service was execeptional, all the staff made us welcome and were attentive to our every need. Have never stayed in a better hotel in London and would highly recommend to all of my friends &amp; colleagues.I will be going back soon!	
Feb 18 2008 	Plaza wows me on my Big One!	Having been recommended this hotel by friends and reading the reviews on this site we took the plunge and stayed here Sat night just gone to commiserate...........i mean celebrate my &quot;coming of age.....the Big One!.....otherwise affectionately known as your 40th&quot;.Sometimes when you read reviews you think it wont be like that for me or your disappointed after the event, well i`m glad to say not this time. We were greeted by Cecile at the desk with a big smile and congratulated me on reaching the milestone and the fact i ddn`t look a day over 21(Fab at 40 badges all over me)........from that moment i knew we were going to be ok. We were immediately offered complimentary drinks and then we were introduced to Nicholas the Residence Manager who again was charming and after some conversation let onto the fact that his &quot;Big One&quot; was coming in March as well.We had booked an open plan suite but were upgraded to a 1 bedroom suite with river views and a balcony. My daughter Amber even got excited over how thick the carpet was in the corridors you just sank into the lush pile.On entering the suite the jaw gradually started to drop, large entrance hall, stunning bathroom to the left with walk in shower and a vast array of the normal toiletries. Our bedroom had a queen sized bed, a LCD tv with a dvd player(Cecile at the desk was quick to point out that films were available if Amber could not find anything to watch......a nice touch!) patio door out to the balcony.The main lounge was stunning the better half almost fell over at the kitchenette facilities washing machine, dishwasher, combi grill, fridge, sink...............the list just goes on. Dining table with 2 chairs, writing/pc table with internet connection, leather sofa and coffee table with another large LCD tv with dvd player.But what about the view i hear you say..........well one word &quot;magnificent&quot; the main window on an angle to give you full views of Big Ben and the Houses of Parliament and to the right the London Eye with the sun streaming over the Thames. Leaving the lounge through another patio door in order to sit out on the balcony with the table and chairs in the afternoon, evening or the morning having breakfast with pastries and french stick purchased from the convenience shop directly along from the front of the hotel was exquisite!Midday came and the dream came to an end, Cecile and Nicholas greeting us as we exited the lift with a &quot;Good morning Mr Murray, how was your stay with us?&quot;..................in my head i was shouting &quot;&quot;too short! take me back to Suite 856 and forget about me for a week or so&quot;, we left our bag with Cecile for the day and enjoyed more of the sights in the city. By 19.30pm we were back home, back to reality........well not for long off to Paris on Tues for 4 days the birthday just keeps going on............pretty sure that the 4* Mercure Paris Eiffel Suffren will fall somewhat short what the Plaza offered us..........but you never know, that will be the next review!Thanks again to Cecile and Nicholas, be back in September for our son`s 18th.........................the only place to stay in London!Mr Murray - West Sussex.	
Feb 18 2008	Fantastic	We have just returned from a two night stay at the river plaza hotel and have had the most wonderful time, the hotel was fantastic, the rooms stunning and the staff always willing to go out of their way to make it a nice stay. We have previously stayed in some nice hotels but found the suites at the river plaza the best we have experienced yet.It was my girlfriends birthday weekend as well as valentines day so as you can imagine i was very nervous as i wanted everything to be perfect.. which it was.A special thankyou is for the man that checked us in on the 14th very friendly and made sure we had an absolubtely stunning suite.Will be back and would whole heartedly recommend this to all i speak to.	
Jan 24 2008 	Beautiful	This is one of the most beautiful places I have ever stayed. it had everything you could possibly hope for (well, apart from a hook for your towel in the bathroom!!) and the views across the river were stunning.My boyfriend and I stayed here for 2 nights in January - I couldn't have asked for anywhere more romantic. The beds were so comfortable and the setting couldn't have been better. The walk-in shower was just fabby!!!Each suite has its own kitchen, which is lovely as you can stay clear of yet more hotel bars and restaurants and cook things for yourself.As a first i've come across recently, it had a full complement of freeview channels on a lovely plasma TV (one in the living area and one in the bedroom - the choice is yours!!)So good......	
Jan 18 2008	Plaza On The River	When our daughter was ill and we could not go to Paris for New Year asplanned, we looked for a hotel where we could see the New Years Eve LondonFireworks. The plaza on the river was incredibly hospitable and found us a room with ariver view. They managed to slot us in to their busy schedule and made usfeel welcome.The concierge and the front desk gave a personable experience that we won'tforget in a hurryThe apartment was fantastic, the bed sumptuous and the view superb.Watching London's greatest fireworks display from the window was a completetreat. Even more so as we are both Londoners through and through.The highlight of the stay was watching the gridlock out of the window formon the run up to midnight. Then slowly reverse itself and form a reversegridlock as people dispersed.If that was not enough, the restaurant and the New Years Eve meal was fresh,vibrant and alive.The fusion really worked, the scallops were heavenly and all in all it madeour New Years Eve very special.	
Jan 17 2008 	a little gem	oh my god! please do not have any reservations about booking this little gem! stunning rooms. excellent service. the staff could not do enough to make my stay as comfortable as possible. i would def stay here again and encourage you to do so! any questions please email me!	
Jan 12 2008	A room with a view	....and what a view it was... fabulous views of the river Thames, Big Ben and the Houses of Parliament. Our one night stay in a two bedroom suite was a wonderful experience - the suite was fantastically luxurious with everything you could want laid on including complimentary fruit and wine. Fantastic nights sleep in really comfortable beds - the bed in the master bedroom was huge with a choice of about 5 different types of pillow. Excellent breakfast in Chino Latino - all the staff were extremely helpful, pleasant and friendly - especially Steve managing at breakfast.Next morning found it very convienent to get straight to Oxford Circus a few stops from nearby Vauxhall.	
Jan 9 2008 	Awesome Location Views 	I and my partner and two year old stayed here for 3 nights just before xmas I have to agree we had a great time and we thought it was fantastic.We checked in and within seconds had a wonderful 5 star apartment and could invite friends over for drinks - it was more like renting a flash apartment rather than just having a hotel room.The staff were great, friendly without being too in your face. The hotel manager (Nick?) gave our 2 year old, some toys to keep her occupied which was a nice touch.The restaurant Chino Latino had some real food - different dishes rather than the usual bland samey samey dishes you get in some hotels.The riverside by the London Eye has improved a 100 times from a few years ago (5 mins walk) and there was lots to see and do and almost a carnival atmosphere with loads of street entertainers. Because of the amazing river views from the hotel and lots of river strolling you also got a real sense of space - something I didnt get in my previous visits to claustrophobic london. Its also nice to use buses in London now, as they have sorted out fast bus lanes and several stop outside the hotel taking you to Trafalgar Square and Piccadilly in minutes - much better than the tube.On our final day it was also amazingly easy to jump on a train and visit friends out in the countryside. I thoroughly enjoyed staying here and will definitely by returning.	
Jan 2 2008 	Absolutely Fantastic Hotel - Highly recommended	I'd highly recommend this hotel for anyone looking for Service which is second to none, for spectacular views of London’s Monuments, rooms which are superiorly luxurious- yet homely and is accompanied by an amazing restaurant. I stayed for one night but from what I saw of the Hotel I will most definitely be back very soon. The evening started with dinner at the Hotels Restaurant Chino Latino, words cannot describe how exquisite the food was, please try the Scallop Sashimi with Truffle Vinaigrette! For those of you who are sometimes skeptical of Hotel restaurants this will change your mind - although I will say it is not traditional and you will enjoy the food a great deal more with an open mind towards &quot;modern Pan-Asian Cuisine&quot;. The service again was fantastic, special Thanks to James who was an excellent food guide and really knew what he was recommending, one of the best waiter's in London! On to the rest, The Hotel's reception Staff were very helpful and polite, as already mentioned the Service was extraordinary and undoubtedly the best I have experienced in London. The 1 bed suite we stayed in was beautiful, the views over Big Ben and The London Eye are amazing, I wanted to stay up all night and look at the view from our balcony! The breakfast was perfect, exactly what we ordered and what time we ordered it and it tasted fantastic. This is undoubtedly the best hotel I have stayed in (believe me I have stayed in quite a few) and I cannot sing its praises high enough. Thank you to all at Plaza on the River - I'll be back!	
Dec 28 2007 	Too full of themselves 5-star	The hotel has a nice restaurant with excellent food and large rooms. That’s about all positive we have to say about this so-called “5-star hotel”.For a 3-day stay in London we decided that we needed a little luxury for the final night. After reading the reviews on this site, we ended up with Plaza on the River.Unfortunately due to some problems which led to several encounters with the most arrogant receptionist we've ever met we ended up having the worst stay of our lives!As a summary; - Location: Too far away from Oxford Street - Rooms: Large, but in need of maintenance (loose floorboards, worn out sofa...) - Service: Arrogant and &quot;too full of themselves 5-star&quot;This is a hotel where you can have a great time (according to the positive reviews). But, if you start to experience some problems, it will be the worst stay you've ever had. In our opinion that risk is not worth taking, considering room rates start at £200 a night. There are loads of other hotels to try, so our advice is:Take your money somewhere else, but feel free to drop by for a great dinner.	
Dec 11 2007 	Absolutely perfect	What a wonderful experience - from the 1BR suite with an amazing view of The Thames and Parliament, to the MOST accomodating staff, to the room service. Simply the best hotel experience we've had in London in 10 years of regular visits.	
Nov 27 2007 	Best hotel in London !!!	Have stayed at Plaza on the River for 2 nights during WTM fair early november 2007. This hotel is absolutely perfect, very spacious and luxurious suites with amazing river view, Gilchrist &amp; Soames bathroom amenities. Hotel is in close proximity to Vauxhall tube station, location could not have been better !If you look for perfect place to stay in London with amazing river views than book this hotel - you can´t go wrong. Have stayed in many other London hotels so far but finally I´ve found the best place to stay in London !!! Look forward to my next visit.	
Nov 21 2007 	HIghly Recommended	This place is brilliant. Any reservations about being south of the river and a little way from the centre of London soon disappeared when we were shown to our AMAZING suite.We had the most incredible view of Big Ben, the London Eye and our suite was stunning with a huge sitting room/dining/kitchen area, balcony overlooking the Thames and a gorgeous bedroom and bathroom. Besides - it is only five or ten minutes by cab to Trafalgar Square. There is a gym, great (reasonably-priced) room service a buzzy bar and restaurant downstairs. It really is the perfect place for a few days in the city. The suites are set up brilliantly with a little microwave, dishwasher, large fridge, washing machine. Everything was thought of - it was all so spotless too. The service was 'can-do' and utterly charming. Here's a first....the bill was LESS than we guess-timated it to be!!We've stayed at dozens of hotels over London from the Haymarket to the Mandeville to Claridges to K West but this is the place that we will be returning to.	
Nov 17 2007 	5* Service in every way	My wife and I have just had the most special overnight stay in London at the Plaza on the River - Club and Residence, Albert Embankment. Being upgraded from the 4* hotel to a 5* luxury suite was a very pleasant surprise and one that capped a great couple of days. The service from all staff, from Irina in the reception area to the house keeping at 0100hrs in the morning, was first class and we were made to feel most welcome. The complimentary 'night cap' relaxing in the bar until midnight was only bettered by the breakfast of choice in the morning. All told, it was excellent, so much so I have taken the time to write this review. We will definitely return and strongly recommend it to others. Thanks, Mr &amp; Mrs Webber.	
Nov 9 2007 	The best contemporary hotel	Absolutely awesome! This is the best contemporary hotel in London. The rooms are very stylish and well appointed. The views of the river, London Eye and Parliament were spectacular. We had a two bedroom suite because we traveled with friends. It was very spacious with two large bedrooms and baths, dining area, kitchen, living room and desk workspace. The staff was terrific, they got us on the guestlists for all our evenings out. Our refrigerator was fully stocked with our requested items. All of the staff from front desk to maintenance were extremely helpful.Highly recommend. It is worth the extra money.	
Oct 26 2007	Hotel Park Plaza River Bank - London - a hotel of exception	London Park Plaza hotel located on River bank is ideally located close to the Thames river and at walking distance from parliament house and Big Ben tower. That means we are in London city centre which is particularly convenient for business and tourism as well.This modern hotel ideally located, need to be recommended for the quality of services he can offer as high quality of bed rooms and suites, business centre, any size of conference rooms and reception rooms, quality of food as well.We stayed in the 5 stars section (there is a 4 stars section as well) and we have been impressed by the quality of staffs for their warm welcoming for helping visitors on a daily basis giving them very good advises about transportations, visits in London, restaurants and so on. They are very professional and efficient available 24 hours a day. We cannot expect a better enjoyable stay in London. At least the staff is a multicultural world staff and they can speak many languages from European languages up to Asia tics languages which is a great advantage to feel really at home and sometime better than at home !!!!.	
Oct 25 2007 	Great stay	Quick over night trip to London. Decided to stay here again and was not dissapointed. First class service and accomodation. Hotel staff welcomed me like an old friend and made every effort to make my stay special. Treated like a VIP! I recommend this hotel to anyone looking to stay in central London, but slightly out of the norm. Fantastic river views and a great bar and atmosphere. It's something a little different and special.	
Oct 11 2007 	Wonderfully cosmopolitan treat in the capital!	We booked into a 1 bedroomed apartment at the Plaza Club and Residence, it was a snap on a hotel booking website. We went to our personal reception desk past the foyer of the main hotel and were made to feel welcome from the beginning.We arrived on the sixth floor and entered our room. It was amazing and benefitted from the features:Kitchen area that included microwave oven, washer-dryer, dishwasher, large fridge and freezer, cutlery and crocker, table and chairs and minibar.The lounge and workarea consisted of a sofa and lounge chair, office chair and desk, coffee table, huge LCD television and DVD player.Into the bedroom and the bed was enormous! The linen was fresh and clean and another huge LCD television and DVD player adorned the room with excellent built-in wardrobes.The bathroom was a modern sandstone feature with extra-large bathtub and double shower cubicle.We ventured downstairs and received our complimentary champagne cocktails!A wonderful and charming apartment in an ideal location in the very heart of central London.	
Oct 1 2007 	Mediocre and expensive	Maybe after reading all the rave reviews, I was expecting too much, but I wasn't impressed. This was the most expensive hotel room I have ever booked anywhere, and we have traveled all over the world, including to London several times before. Had I booked directly with the hotel, I would have paid even more, so I used one of the on-line agencies that had a slightly better price. I suppose, for that fact, we received a room with absolutely no view at all -- only three walls of windows overlooking a glass roof below. We could see only a small slit of sky to determine what the weather was like each morning. I'll list what I liked and what I did not:The negatives - 1.Each suite was supposed to have a complete kitchen, which I planned to use. We were given one with a large scrap of wood over a hole where the rangetop was supposed to be. I requested another room and was given the one next door, which had all necessary appliances, but I cannot imagine a hotel of this caliber giving anyone the first room. Actually, even in the new room, one had to unplug the garbage disposal to use the rangetop. 2. Internet use was approximately $50 per day. It's free in your average Comfort Inn. 3.We were out all day, but the maids never came until we returned around 4:00 p.m. 4.There were hardly any dishes or silverware, not even enough for two persons. 5. The dryer didn't work. I'm familiar with European machines that don't dry effectively, but in this one the clothes came out wetter than when they went in. 6. Although a hair dryer was furnished, it could not be plugged in in the bathroom. The outlet there was only for shavers. I had to dry my hair at the kitchen counter.The positives - 1.At least we could see Parliament and Big Ben when we went outside. 2.There is a small grocery store nearby with reasonably priced food and drink. The minibar prices were beyond outrageous, even for London, so I dared not touch anything there. 3.The concierge was helpful. 4. Other members of the staff were friendly. 5.Our open-plan suite was large, but it seemed dark at night, even with all the lights on.I would not return there, nor would I recommend it to others.	
Sep 28 2007 	We Are So Lucky	&quot;We are so lucky.&quot; We kept repeating that mantra the whole time we stayed here. We were upgraded to a one bedroom suite overlooking the Thames, Parliament Buildings and Big Ben. What a wonderful view, both day and night. The suite had everything you could ask for, including a washer/dryer in the kitchen. The hardwood floor in the living room is amazing. All the staff, from reception, to the manager, to the restaurant, went out of their way to make us feel welcome. We ate dinner twice in the hotel restaurant, Chino Latino. Kind of unique, sort of a grazing menu. The first night we focused on the sushi and sashimi. Yum. The hotel could do with more staff at breakfast. I think they rely on everyone taking the buffet (which is pretty pricey) and so if you order a la carte, prepare for a wait. We have never stayed on the south bank before but it is as centrally located as anywhere. The bus stop for The Original Tour (buy your tickets from the concierge) is just down the street at Lambeth Palace. We have already booked a return visit in May at which time we hope to explore this side of London a bit more.	
Sep 28 2007 	Not as good as it could be	Although this is billed as a 5 star hotel with excellent service, the reality of check-in anytime from 5pm to 6.30pm is long queues. Likewise for breakfast, ideally be down before 7am to avoid a long wait for seating. The flat screens may look good, but are slow and noisy. Overall, the hotel is well maintained, neat and the bar/restaurant areas very modern. However, the impression of quality needs more work in depth.	
Aug 27 2007 	Absolute Perfection	I planned a suprise birthday weekend for the man in my life and knowing how much he adores London, i thought the views the hotel offers would be ideal...On receiving my booking the Guest Relations Supervisor, Sunil, was in touch straight away offering all they could to make our stay as near to perfect as there was and he didn't fail on delivering. Sunil simply went out of his way to help me organise the perfect stay with champagne, rose petals, candles, soft music, breakfast... you name it they did!I arrived earlier than the Birthday Boy to ensure the suite was just right and as soon as i arrived and escorted in whilst the valet took care of my car, i was greeted by Yves who knew of all my requirements and finer details even before i could introduce myself. The suite was perfect and as the whole treat was a complete suprise from the other half, when he arrived, Yves greeted him, again, before he could introducce himself and was escorted to the suite.I cannot thank them enough for making this birthday treat so very special. Yves and Sunil went above the call of duty to ensure everything within the suite (which offered amazing views of the Thames and Houses of Parliament) was perfect as well as organising taxi's in total secrecy to restaurants from the Birthday Boy!There is nothing they could have done to make the stay anymore special - i know i have repeated myself so often in this review, but it was class perfection from the moment of arriving to departing.... when the valet brought out our cars on departing it seemed a fox had decided to run around on both cars whilst parken in their garage, Stephen, the doorman, took care of it and washed up both cars... again, completely in awe of quality service.I would stay there again and again and again! Thank you Sunil and Yves and Plaza on the River for making our stay one that will always be talked about!	
Jul 16 2007 	Home from Home	We were a little confused when we arrived as there were two check-in desks within the same buidling and we went to th wrong one, but the staff were polite and friendly. Once checked in we were able to go to our room which was a good suprise as we had arrived early at 11:30am.The room was great, literally a home from home, with microwave, fridge, dishwasher.....and all the little exras you would expect. The decor was sumptious and very comfortable, with a huge bed!The hotel is a 5minute walk from Vauxhall station so not difficult to get to. The only thing missing for me was pool, other than that the hotel has everything else.One critism I do have though, is I was not a fan of the restaurant. The waiters and waitresses were nice but the atmosphere and decor was cold and the room was quite echoey and loud. The food was also not to my taste with a very simple dessert menu. I never stayed in the hotel for breakfast but would definetly recommend you go out to eat in the evening.	
Jul 13 2007 	Excellent hotel	Just stayed with this hotel qnd found it really modern, upbeat and with really friendly front desk staff - thanks to Irina &amp; Cecile! Nicholas seems to run a 'tight ship' behind the scenesThe rooms are really e-smart and well designed and it is easy to stay in the hotel and forget about the rest of london. \the restaurant has very good food and the bar seems to always be full of people - easy to slip into once the rest of \london shuts down between 12am and 2 am! The real plus of this place is the staff and their willingness to oblige and reluctance to ever get flustered - well done team!Again - many thanks and \i will definately be back!NickQ	
Jul 1 2007 	Amazing!	Our stay was perfect! The staff and accommodations were everything that we expected and more. From the moment we checked in the team at Plaza on the River was pleasant, friendly and extremely helpful. Our suites were in great condition and exactly as they said they would be. Even extending our stay was not troublesome. Upon checking out my credit card company gave me trouble and the team did all of the legwork for me making it as stress-less as possible. This is somewhere I would recommend to others traveling in an instant and I will absolutely stay here when I visit London again. Thank you for an superior stay!	
Jun 26 2007 	Loved it. I could not have asked for a better experience.	I meant to write this sooner, but later is better than never :-)Last April, My friend and I stayed at Plaza on the River for the first 3 days of a European Vacation, and then again for the last 2 days before heading back to the US. The staff was friendly, professional and informative. The suites (a great 1 bedroom suite for the 1st 3 days and an awesome 2 bedroom suite the last 2 days) were modern, tastefully decorated, clean, comfortable, with all the comforts of home. In addition, the veiw of the Thames from the each suite was amazing. One word describes my stay...Perfect.I highly recommend Plaza on the River. It will be my home away from home on all future trips to London.	
Jun 21 2007 	Best views in town!	I spent a weekend with 3 friends at this hotel and we all loved it - we had fantastic views, and the location can't be bettered. Our roomswere large and luxurious - will definately visit again.	
May 31 2007 	Splendid!	London is fantastic as it is, but this hotel added significantly to our experience: the room is spacious, the interior design first rate and the service impeccable. The view, however, is just mindblowing. It's even better than the one from that amazing apartment in Woody Allen's &quot;Match Point&quot;... And if you ever miss breakfast, there will be a cute little bakery on your left when you walk to the subway station.	
May 30 2007 	most helpful and best staff I've ever seen	I had the pleasure to enjoy a complimentary night in the opening phrase of this property! We've got one of the best suites I think, with a fantastic view over the Themse and London Eye!You will feel like home after check in... With your own kitchen and your own little flat.Although the hotel was in the opening phrase, everybody was completely professional and as far as I know I've never enjoyed such a great service before. Thank you for this great property in London and I will always come back- definately.	
May 30 2007 	A mini home away from home	My boyfriend and I stayed Sunday night to Tuesday morning, wanting a private, romantic break- which was delightfully achieved.The hotel itself is confusing, walking into the Park Plaza, however, once finding the room it is lovely. We chose the One Bedroom Suite which was perfect. A kitchenette (microwave/oven + 2 hob stove), living room (2 seater- slightly uncomfortable-sofa) and lovely Bedroom with separate Bathroom. Although we only had a partial view of the river facing Battersea, I would have preferred looking out towards Westminster.The basic accessibility of the rooms, the lovely walk along the Southbank to food and drinks and the loveliness of the rooms made it a lovely experience. The only downfalls were the noise of the South eastern trains going past in the mornings (only if you're a light sleeper) and the aggressiveness of the nice girl who wanted to clean our room at around 12pm whilst we were indisposed. There was also a carpark alongside the building which could have posed a problem was it not Bank Holiday monday.	
May 22 2007 	Plaza on the River Excellant.	We have been lucky enough to stay here 3 times in the last 6 months.First time we had a one bedroom apartment with a slight view of the river and we loved it.Second time we had a one bedroom river view suite, same room as before, maybe a little larger, but the view was stunning.This time we had a 2 bedroom suite with a balcony which gives you views of the river including the Houses of Parliment, Big Ben and the Wheel. You could easily have a party in this one.Several people mentioned the comfy beds and they really are. Add to this the beautiful view from the floor to ceilings windows and you may find it difficult to get out of bed, we do.The staff are always helpful and friendly and we think it has a very welcoming atmosphere.I have noticed that other people have complained about the checking in desk! Yes it is just one desk, but it is in a dedicated area just for the apartments which we find really special and intimate.The room service menu is excellant and always well presented. You can have anything from a three course meal to popcorn to go with the free DVD hire they offer.Another excellant feature is the kitchen which has everyting you could need including a dishwasher and washing machine.We find it a real home away from home and think it is worth every penny.Can't wait to go back.	
May 16 2007	Absolutely great!!	We are four people from sweden and we stayed at this lovely hotel in London at the end of March,beginning of April. The location is great and the service was absolutely wonderful. We really enjoyed our stay to the fullest and are very pleased with our friends who recommended this hotel to us.We were also stunned with the great food that was served here and one big reason to go here is actually the food. Usually when you go to a hotel you want to go out for meals in the evening but when you stay here I can recommend &quot;staying in&quot;. Anyway, thank you and as I said before...go here when you want to go to London!!!	
Apr 11 2007 	It feels like home	On recommendation of our friends we decided to experience the hotel ourselves to check their enhusiastic stories.We booked the hotel directly as it turned out this would be cheaper than booking through a travel agent. From the reservation stage untill back at home, the service was fantastic. 3 Days before arrival we got a telephone call with the request if we wanted transport from the airport, if we wanted to have any items stocked in our fridge and if they could assist us with anything else. Somthing like that we never experienced before. Upon arrival we were showed to our Suite, which had a fantastic view over River Thames (See atatched pictures), what did we want more!!! The rooms are very spacious and everything you need is in the suite. They even have a list with different pillows to ensure you have the best night sleep. The beds are very comfortable bye the way. I also want to specially mention that the staff is excellent! You can really see that they enjoy working in this hotel, that they are very passionate about their jobs. We will definitly return to this 'home away from home' .	
Mar 26 2007 	Superb stay	Stayed at the Plaza on the River for a night in March.Having never been to London, or stayed in a 5* hotel I was after something special. I wasn't dissapointed.Walking up from Vauxhall tube (approx 5 mins), the Plaza stood out the most - although as its directly connected to the Riverbank Plaze (?) I wasnt quite sure I had the right place.As I checked in, I was whisked over to the single 5* Plaza on the river check in desk, and was seated during check in.Our suite was very modern, and spacious considering all the home comforts they'd put in. The room was clean, an array of toiletries were available, and the double headed walk in shower was superb.We ordered room service during our stay, and whilst the quality of food was generally excellent, it could've been a bit warmer and we felt it was overpriced.I was also dissapointed that internet/email service incurred a £4.95/day charge.However, I was after style and a bit of luxury - and this hotel certainly did that.	
Feb 14 2007 	Lots to love a few missteps	Stayed here late Jan early Feb 2007. Studio room was very spacious and comfortable. Bed was terrific. Large shower, no tub in my room. Complete set of deluxe toiletries provided. There was a kitchenette with functioning stove, dishwasher, refirigerator, all very clean. Clean dishes for two provided. Complementary bottled water each day. Washer/dryer combo in room! Be advised load sizes are small and take a few hours to cycle through to dry (the same machine washes and dries the load). Room was a bit warm for my taste with no way of cooling the room down (the only functioning window was locked, and you could only increase the room temp, not cool it). Staff very accommodating and the room was very clean. It's a bit of a walk to the nearest tube station, but not too bad unless it is raining. Fresh flowers when I arrived, but they soon wilted and were never replaced during my week long stay. Restaurant choices limited in the area. Hotel breakfast buffet was good but expensive. Free tasty snacks in lobby from time to time, but this was sporadic and not dependable. Hotel restaurant was trendy and not comfortable for single diners. Good food but pricey. Nice views of the Thames and great walks in the neighboring areas. I'd definitely stay here again, but do wish they'd allow for cooler rooms in the winter.	
Jan 17 2007	A wedding morning made in heaven...	Me and my now wife spent our honey moon night here. We booked everything online and turned up after our party a little worse for wear at around 6am. On opening the door to our sumptuous apartment style hotel room with felt overwhelmed. We had the most amazing view of Big Ben and the Houses of Parliament. We ordered a perfectly cooked breakfast from room service, made love on the floor while noting the time on Big Ben (a personal best) and then spent the rest of the day luxuriating in our surroundings! Best of all, the staff had left us a complimentary bottle of champagne and a card to congratulate us. You can't say better than that! Will definitely return for my next wedding night.many thanksJustin	
Jan 17 2007 	Loved Chino Latino	We stayed at Plaza on the River last weekend (Jan 11-15 2007) and we found it was an excellent weekend. We had a large party at the restaurant Chino Latino where the food was fab, the new menu by the Nobu chef certainly made my night. We also had a babysitter look after our little one, and all in all it is a great place to stay especially now that there are so many more restaurants upstream on South Bank, its really given a new lease to my london experiences with a River dominated.Its still much better than the other 5 stars and manages to keep its prices reasonable (for London!)	
Dec 24 2006 	My Girlfriend and I had an anniversary to remember....	My girlfriend and I were celebrating our second anniversary.I have to say that this is the best hotel I have experienced in a long time.After I made the booking online, I phoned the hotel to have some flowers in the room on arrival and of course the flowers were in the room for my girlfriend to receive after check in. I also made a reservation in the restaurant and I pre-arranged with reception a nice table and to also have a gifted wrapped necklace with a card for my girlfriend to receive and open before dinner. The card and gift was their on the table with a bottle of champagne. My girlfriend was so surprised.Finally I requested that in the room when we finished dinner for rose petals to be spread across the bed with candles to create a romantic atmosphere. When we returned to our room after dinner there was rose petals on the bed, candles around the room with a small bottle of champagne, chocolates and strawberries on the side.This made our weekend and it by far exceeded my expectations. And on departure the Resident Manager Nick even came to the desk and checked how our stay was.I definitely recommend this hotel to anyone wishing to create a special occasion for their loved one.	
Dec 21 2006 	Not up to 5* standards	After the glowing reviews on this site I was convinced that I'd done the right thing booking the Plaza on the River for my partners birthday. I'd booked a promotional rate which was substantially lower than the rates on expedia etc, and also included an upgrade to a one-bed river view suite. Unfortunately the hotel was not prepared to honour the reservation I had, claiming that the upgrade to a river view suite was a mistake which was altered on their site retrospectively. After being shown a non-river view room, then a room which hadn't been made up I finally broke, paid an extra £75 and got what I had originally reserved as the whole thing was becoming rather embarrassing for both me and my partner who was supposed to be enjoying a birthday treat! The river view balcony room was very nice and offered an exceptional amount of space for a central London hotel. Attention to detail was lacking however, dirty crockery, a glass bathroom door with the hinge coming away from the wall, a TV that wouldn't switch on and didn't get repaired whilst we were there...simply not 5* standards. Also whilst the wooden floors look very contemporary they offer little sound insulation, not good when the people in the suite next door are up and about at 5am! I did speak with the manager the following morning and to his credit he responded well to my feedback and refunded the £75 upgrade charge and also comp'd the Birthday cake that I had ordered. Thanks to him I would consider booking this hotel in the future if I could get a decent rate as, in summary, this is a good 4* standard property which offers spacious and modern accommodation but which oversells itself on the website and other literature, in my opinion it simply doesn't go far enough to warrant that fifth star.	
Dec 7 2006 	Excellent	Simply a very classy, sophisticated hotel. Great, Great, Great in all aspects....that about sums it up ! I will definately stay again.	
Aug 28 2006 	great room great entrance		
Aug 28 2006 	Super view!		
Jul 23 2006	Shock and horror		
Jun 23 2006 	Definitely not Five Star !		
Apr 8 2006	Excellent		
Feb 4 2006 	Poor Service - 3 star		
Feb 4 2006 	Vue imprenable sur Big Ben et la Tamise hotel design haut de gamme		
Oct 1 2009 	ottimo hotel con vista sul tamigi		
Sep 28 2009 	Excelente		
Aug 20 2009 	ottima posizione		
Jul 28 2009 	esperienza positiva		
Jun 8 2009 	Schei aber ein bisschen zu wenig sein		
Jun 4 2009 	etwas enttäuscht aber OK		
May 17 2009 	aspettativa delusa		
May 3 2009 	Service remarquable tout le confort que l'on peut souhaiter!		
Apr 13 2009 	Una buena opción para alojarse en Londres		
Apr 5 2009 	Perfetto!		
Sep 21 2008 	??????		
May 18 2008 	Sencillamente fantastico		
Apr 3 2008	Ein Traumziel für Reisende		
Dec 7 2007 	Atmosfera fantastica al Plaza on the River!		
Jun 17 2007	Ein ganz außergewöhnliches Hotel		
Sep 11 2006 	Servicio y habitaciones de primera		
