	Love love love this place	We stayed here for 5 nights after reading the rave reviews but it really does live up to the noise. Great, modern, value for money hotel. The staff are second to none with their super-friendly, proactive attitudes.There are loads of great restaurants, bars, cafes and clubs nearby but even the bar and the restaurant downstairs is worth checking out for a meal or drink before heading elsewhere.We always looked forward to our yoghurt, muesli, banana and OJ each morning.	
	Excellent stay	I stayed here for one night and I was so impressed. Lovely reception area and great rooms. There was a small problem when I tried to check in (not the hotels fault) and the reception staff could not have been more helpful. I though the free banana/yoghurt/orange juice was a great idea. I would recommend this hotel highly and I will definately stay again.	
	Excellent location great value.	My hsband and I were in London in January 2008 and stayed at the Hoxton Hotel for 5 nights. We managed to get the £29 deal. The location was perfect, close to the tube, take-away shops in front of the hotel, walking distance to supermarkets. The staff were very friendly &amp; accommodating, our aircon was blowing very loudly, and upon our request they kindly moved us to another room.Room was very cosy, nice bathroom and shower, large LCD tv and very fast free Wi-Fi.I wouldn’t hesitate to stay there again.	
	CANNOT RATE THE HOXTON HIGH ENOUGH	Have stayed at the Hoxton Hotel about times, for £1 &amp; £30 - their special sale prices.Its easy to reach and to get all over town from, very clean and modern. The staff are great and cant do enough to help. Love the alternative attitude of the brand.	
Nov 24 2009 	Excellent value!	It's great place to stay - excellent value for money; comfortable and very clean room, super friendly staff and nice lobby area with reasonable bar prices. I also enjoy their modern but not strange design. Free WLAN access is a plus.Hotel is in very convenient location just a 3 minutes from Old City metro station and 10 minutes from Liverpool station. I would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 19 2009 	AFFORDABLE HIPNESS!	Great hotel in trendy location away from the throngs. Hotel decor is modern throughout. Rooms are very nice with all amenities including free breakfast bag delivered every morning (banana, OJ, yogurt). Hoxton area has great vibe for art and pub walks. The underground (Old St.) is very near (2 blocks). Lobby restaurant/bar can be noisy. Very welcoming/helpful staff. Highly recommend the Hoxton Hotel.	
Nov 17 2009 	Excellent service. Very clean. Good location.	I've stayed at Hoxton hotel for two nights during the last week. Got the two rooms during the sale, so the value of the deal is uncomparable to anything else. :) Room was just the right size, located on the 6th floor, silent, very clean and with comfy bed.Bathroom, again, very clean and modern. Safe was in the drawer, just above the fridge. I've really enjoyed my two nights in Hoxton hotel, silent room and very nice bar and restaurant in the lobby. Free internet, 60 mins of free daily phone calls to several countries. Very lively atmosphere on Friday night. Breakfast, as mentioned in other reviews, was in the bag.Hotel is located very near to the Old Street tube station and reachable by cab or by bus from the Liverpool st tube. I've just received few warnings about wandering in the neighborhood alone during the night, after 9pm, and the suggested option was to use the cab.Highly recommended.	
Nov 15 2009 	Friendly and convenient	I have stayed at The Hoxton twice this year and it's main appeal is that it's a &quot;casual&quot; hotel that feels like a backpacker hostel but for the mature and slightly more discerning traveller. The staff are very friendly and the &quot;packed breakfast&quot; delivered to your room (there's no dining room) is nice...just enough for a snack and if you're travelling alone in a double room you get two! There's free interenet and the central courtyard and adjoining public bar are very convivial. It's a no frills hotel it's a great hotel and excellent vibe and great location.Rates off season can be very attractive given it's central location (very near Old St underground) but otherwise it's very expensive and the twin room beds are tiny (double room beds okay). No amenities though you can use a nearby gym with pool (nothing fancy) for a small fee.	
Nov 13 2009 	Faultless!!!	Stayed for the weekend with my partner and had a great time. Got given room 607 - a twin room but very quiet. Great local pubs and bars, and close to Old Street tube station. Fab atmosphere in the bar Saturday night, perhaps a little busy (took ages to get served!!). Sunday was more relaxed, but still plenty of people relaxing til gone 1. Highly recommend, and would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 7 2009 	Cool hotel in cool part of town	Couldn't have picked a better place to stay - excellent value for money, funky surroundings, comfortable room and spotless bathroom. The furniture in the lobby obviously gets a lot of hammer and some chairs need replacing. Other than that, I can find no fault, and will certainly be returning to my new favourite hotel in my new favourite area of London.	
Oct 29 2009 	Great fun and value	Stayed here on a Friday night, very happy with price of £95 - good buzz to it and we'd asked for room not looking onto the beer garden so room not too noisy. Got to explore local area, hoxton square etc. Trendy area won't be for all, edgier and noisier than other parts of London. Had late dinner in restuarant which we really enjoyed, simple tasty food with a few drinks .........	
Oct 27 2009 	very good boutique hotel	Hotel was very clean and friendly. staff were very helpful and friendly and some nice little touches such as fresh milk in the rooms. Good price for a Sunday night and would highly recommend for the price.	
Oct 24 2009 	Loved the hotel but food let our stay down	We stayed here for one night and when we arrived we absolutely loved the atmosphere and decor of the Reception. Our room was smallish but perfectly serviceable with a small chaise at the end of our double bed. My husband loved the bathroom with the huge shower and I thought the fresh milk and bottles of water in the fridge were the perfect finishing touch (I love a good cup of tea!)We had already booked a table early in the Grill as we knew it would be busy on a Friday night and as we were off out for a show we had planned on eating early around 5. We were greeted by the hostess who straight away told us that she would need the table back by 7 and immediately put my back up. The food choice, service and actual food in the restaurant was &quot;OK&quot;, nothing to write home about and I was thoroughly put off by the hostess' rather mini miniskirt! We returned to the hotel around 10:30 and found it to be quite busy but not absolutely packed. We spent a couple of hours in the bar/lobby area and enjoyed a fair few fabulous cocktails along with some great music. After we retired to bed I was worried about noise from the music downstairs, but as we were on the 6th floor we had no problem and both had a comfortable undisturbed nights sleep. My husband had the banana and granola with yoghurt and said it was lovely and so was the full english room service that I ordered for breakfast. All in all we had a lovely stay and would definitely stay again, although we would not eat dinner at the hotel next time.	
Oct 20 2009 	Fun cool hotel	The Hoxton is a fun, busy hotel - what you would expect for a hotel in Shoreditch. The bar was busy but not crowded, the rooms were nice and modern albeit a bit small even by European standards, the staff were helpful, and the location - well it was right in Shoreditch - great for us but potentially not great for you if you want something for an older crowd. Good times were had.	
Oct 18 2009 	£1 - an amazing bargain and a great night	We were fortunate enough to get a room for £1 and as a marketing gimmick... it really works! I have never stayed at the hotel before as I have no business in this particular part of London.The area itself is supposedly trendy and cool, which in selected pockets is true, but the hotel itself is on a major main road and quite rough. I would not feel comfortable walking around at night.That said, the hotel was great. Free wifi and internet available in the hotel. Prices in the bar for drinks and coffee were not four star prices. They were in line with London bar prices and drinks such as coffee were in line with coffee shops such as Starbucks.We ate in the restaurant and would recommend it for choice, taste and price, but the service was a little slow when it came to drinks orders from our waiter.The bedrooms were well appointed with a comfortable bed, good bathroom and towels.In addition the internet being free, so are the newspapers, the bathroom soap is yours to take home and the fridge contained water and fresh milk. In addition the room came with a supply of tea and coffee.In the evening the lobby and bar area rocks with a DJ, good music and lots of people dancing.You can't complain for £1, but even if I had paid more for the room I would still have been a happy customer.	
Oct 13 2009 	my favourite London hotel	The Managment of this hotel have got it right, well done ! A great plcae to stay, no faults apart from sometimes the aircon isnt as powerful as I woudl like in the rooms. Well done.	
Oct 13 2009 	5 star treatment at 3 star prices!	I got to experience both rooms that the Hox offers: the double room when I stayed solo, and the twin room a couple days later when a friend joined. I did a TON of shopping in London and both rooms had ample space to put my shopping bags everywhere before I packed to head home. A couple of things that stood out that were above and beyond what I expected from the hotel were that you could make complimentary phone calls to the United States (even though I never took advantage of this) and I was allowed to leave my large suitcase in the left luggage room free of charge for a couple days when I took off to Barcelona for a short side trip, needing only my carry-on bag. The gals at the front desk were extremely nice and helpful with great restaurant and shopping recommendations, as well as directions, and one even helped me with my luggage outside to the shuttle when I was going back to the airport.I've read several reviews that the Hoxton isn't in a great central location, but I thought the easy access and use of the tubes were just fine to get to all the sites and touristy stuff. As a young professional, I much preferred being in Shoreditch where pubs were open past 11 and a more local feel for being in London was experienced.	
Oct 8 2009 	Modern and Cool!	The Hoxton Urban Lodge was an awesome find! The prices were reasonable, granted the location is not the closest to any major attractions-though the underground makes it simple to get anywhere fast. Their grill was amazing and they serve the best drink I've ever had-watermelon martinis! They have a great internet area that is free to hotel guests and have aveda bath products. I would definitely recommend at least one night in this hotel, and will be returning myself on my next trip overseas.	
Oct 8 2009 	Fabulous Hotel - Hands Down!	I am a picky person; a true New Yorker. Though I have traveled extensively and stayed at a range of hotels (and hostels!), I am still excited by the prospect of staying at a &quot;good&quot; hotel - one that offers amenities, location and cleanliness, all for a reasonable price. In my travels I have found a few of these &quot;good&quot; hotels - though not nearly as often as I would like!The Hoxton Hotel is one of these &quot;good hotels&quot; that I speak of. From the moment I made my reservation, it was clear that I was in for a good stay. Twice I have visited this hotel, and twice I have been thrilled with my stay. Furthermore, the second time I stayed I was traveling with my young daughter and I wasn't sure if my experience would be matched to the first, child-free visit. In fact it was exceeded, as they were extremely helpful and child-friendly. They offer baby cots (pack-and-plays) free of charge - fantastic!The Hoxton is a sleek, urban lodge that offers an environment that you wouldn't expect from a reasonably priced hotel (read - less that 100GBP per night, sometimes way less) - very boutique-y lobby with cool lighting and seating, as well as fireplaces. There is a very nice bar and restaurant adjacent to the lobby. The staff is friendly and efficient. The rooms are stylish, yet functional - dark wood decor, flat screen TVs, comfy beds (Frette linens!), gorgeous bathroom with Aveda and Pears products and a rain shower, as well as a min-fridge restocked with water and milk each day.I LOVE the Hoxton and am happy to say that we are returning this year for our annual London New Year trip.	
Oct 8 2009 	Fantasic price fantastic place	Great place, really helpful staff and great location (if slightly out of the way for major attractions). Where else can you stay in London at this price with such high quality. Shame there are not more 'Hoxton Hotels' in other areas.....	
Oct 3 2009 	The hundreds who gave the Hoxton 5 	I too would be thrilled if I had paid £1 a night , some have , however lets disregard the crazy price structure.( OK, I paid £612.68 for four nights).Now the General Manager tells me &quot;we clearly dropped the ball on a number of things&quot;For those that do not know this hotel promotes itself on style and function , some of us call this spin.I will only tell you what I found.Fact,the large ground floor bar and restaurant ( not now run by the hotel)are fashionable and popular.The night I wanted a drink I could not get service and walked out.Two small lifts take you to ?5 crowded floors of small rooms.Everything appeared to work and be clean.Window onto back lane opened.Good couch and cushions and bed , and soap.NOW THE EXPERIENCE,manager please try this.The promised water and fresh milk in the fridge were missing.Few clothes hangers or drawers.No robes available.Waste bin too small to cope with the supplied breakfast waste etc.Towels average with the occasional hole,no face cloth.(The plan is that one large towel and one small are left on the rail , and the second set are placed in a bag on the top wardrobe shelf each day , don't ask me why, when there are two guests in the room.)One day staff forgot one towel another day they forgot two towels and any shampoo.The first night we returned to our door to find neither electronic key would work.Reception down 4 floors said merely using the London Underground or storing them next a credit card would wipe them so each night we reported to reception for re keying.The included breakfast doggy bag must be marked up and hung up outside each night.Final morning and we were left short one breakfast.By the way there is no selection allowed you get the same fruit , juice and yogurt day after day.In short the experience was similar to living in a student hostel.	
Oct 2 2009 	Can't beat it for 1 pound!	I've been wanting to stay at the Hoxton ever since reading about it 3 years ago and actually have gotten my friend to stay there a couple of times. So when the latest 1 pound room sale came on, I set my alarm to wake at 3:55am to snag a room and was delighted to get not only a one pound night but also a 29 pound night too.Walking into the lobby I was surprised at how big it was----from the website and reviews I had assumed it would be a tiny reception area with a small cafe next door. However, I was pleasantly surprised at how big the lobby was with lots of sofas and chairs around and the nice bar/restaurant to the left. Seems like the lobby was full of people almost every time I walked by, day or night so you know it's a &quot;hip&quot; place to be.Rooms as noted are small but comfortable and I had no trouble with the noise. My room faced the restaurant courtyard so I could hear people downstairs but this was drowned out the by television and they seemed to close the area by 11pm. Very pleasantly surprised to see that they've added one hour per day of FREE telephone calls including calls to the U.S. and most of Europe! Wish I had known this a day before I spent 25 pounds at another hotel making local calls. Included breakfast is yogurt, juice and a banana so if you want bread or something else you'll need to leave your room although it is very filling.All in all I was very happy at this hotel with the friendly service, clean rooms and wonderful free perks. I know the owners wanted to expand their chain but probably got sidetracked by the credit crunch, but I'll be the first one to invest if they start looking elsewhere! I would give them 5 stars (I want to give 4.5 but can't on here) but can't justify that based on their normal rates (over 150 pounds per night). I might look elsewhere for those rates but it depends on location on what free perks you'll be using.	
Sep 30 2009 	Fun... and very comfortable for business	The bar/restaurant here is really buzzing, and serves up very nice food. The hotel is surprisingly quite given the noise downstairs. The rooms are a little small, but for London, they are not bad. You get a free small breakfast to go every day. It's a 10 minute walk to Liverpool Street so perfect for meetings in the city. Well priced and the service is excellent. Would definitely stay again.	
Sep 29 2009 	Chic and affordable London experience	Having stayed at The Hoxton a few times now, I can't wait to return once again. Even when busy the staff is friendly and efficient. The lobby/bar area is always happening yet doesn't feel too crowded. Rooms aren't huge but for London they are perfectly appointed and have plenty of room. Depending on where your window is facing, outside noise can be a bit loud but nothing overly annoying.Love the free wifi, free one hour telephone calls to most of Europe and the US, included light breakfast, and cheap half bottle of wine options at the front desk. This is a wonderfully hip hotel option in a great part of the city (short walk to Spitalfields, Hoxton Square, Brick Lane, etc)	
Sep 27 2009 	Better places avaliable	Having spent 50+ nights in London in the last 6 months due to business I must say that Hoxton is not my favourite choice hotel. (See my other reviews for the one that is).To cut to the bone:Have spent around 15+ nights in Hoxton - and these are my findings:+ (positive):Usually a friendly staffClean and funky roomsFree wifi (yeah!)Nice powershowerGreat restaurant in lobby (which have different owner but co-operates with the hotel)- (negative):AirCo in the room usually don't workA bit noisy (doesn't matter if you have towards street or backyard)Very noisy if you have a so called &quot;connecting room&quot; (be warned!)No iron + ironing board in the roomThe reading lamps at the bed is with red light!If you can book well in advance and get a very low rate (under 100 pounds per night) it is a good value hotel - otherwise go somewhere else.	
Sep 26 2009	Very nice and modern Hotel in London	The Hoxton Hotel on Great Eastern Street is a very friendly and modern place. The rooms are clean and the bathrooms are marvelous. You get a free &quot;light breakfast&quot; with fresh orange juice, yoghurt and a banana. The Hoxton Grill in the Lobby can support you with more food. The Lobby is converted into a bar in the evenings. You can decide between a 2 min. walk to Oldstreet Metro Station or a 8 min. walk to Liverpoolstreet Station. The area is very nice and uprising.But as it is in London, it is not very cheap but worth it!	
Sep 24 2009 	The Hox Knocks My Sox Off!	Only 10 mins from Liverpool Street Station, The Hoxton isn't in the greatest of locations but once you step through those elegent front doors, greeted by the stone guard dogs, you could be anywhere in the world, so it doesn't really matter does it.The staff on the reception desk were unbelievably helpful and friendly. The lobby setting with the Hoxton Grill adjacent is trendy and stylish with ample space. The elevators are clad in luxury leather and the halways are illuminated in neon!The room was compact but all you could ask for. Clean, tidy, very well decorated and furnished to a high quality. The bed and bedding was uber-comfortable and the shower was superbly refreshing and the bathroom was trendy too.With free wifi, phone calls, light breakfast, water and milk in the fridge, our anniversary stay was fantastic. And all for £1 too!We WILL DEFINATELY be returning!	
Sep 12 2009 	The Hoxton will be my hotel of choice in London	I just returned from a short trip to London to take my daughter to college, and had reserved a room at the Hoxton because it is close to her residence hall. The entire experience was wonderful! The room was immaculate, bed comfortable,shower great. The restaurant has great food, in the dining room and room service. I recommend the sweet corn and basil soup. I did not travel with my laptop, but there are computers in the lobby for guests. It was a great place to stay...... I was comfortable, well cared for......... beautiful hotel, wonderful service.	
Sep 2 2009 	Great Value	We really liked this quirky, modern hotel. the front desk staff was very helpful....there is free internet in the lobby if you don't travel with a laptop.....and the rooms are large by London standards. The only thing we felt was that the tube stop is not the most convenient in terms of location from the hotel and you have to change stations to get almost anywhere in London. Otherwise it is a small inconvenience for the great value if you book early for this pricey city.	
Sep 1 2009 	Extremely good value for money!	My friends and I stayed in this hotel for one night because it was near where we were heading for a big night out, and because it had been recommended. It certainly lived up to the expectations! We got a very good rate of around £77 for one night (per room) and the reason they can offer it that cheaply is that you prepay, so if you cancel you don't get your money back. We were given the choice of twin or double and they also made sure my friends and I had rooms near each other.The hotel looks great - stylish, funky and with a good restaurant (The Hoxton Grill) attached. The staff were also friendly and helpful. Our room was not particularly big, but not particularly small either and it was decorated nicely with a good bathroom too. They have paid attention to the small details such as toiletries from Aveda, towels from Frette and the beds are comfortable too.We had a meal in the restaurant which was also great. The restaurant was busy and buzzy with a good mix of people. Just because we were staying in the hotel, we all got a free glass of champagne before our meal which was a very nice surprise!I would definitely both recommend it, and come back myself.	
Sep 1 2009 	Great London hotel...	Stayed here for two weeks whilst working in London, had the family with me and found it to be a great place to stay. Clean, modern and very comfortable. Wifi very useful, flexible atmosphere for work and family, suits all who wish to stay somewhere different in London. Weekends very liveley for night life, right in the thick of things and perfect for visiting central London.Only draw back is parking, beware being slightly over when parking at the rear (on street) as the wardens as faster than a wippet and seem to pop out from no where when you least expect.	
Aug 25 2009 	Great hotel and reasonable prices........well for now that is.........	We have stayed at the Hoxton about 6 times an have always had a great deal. We love the ethos of the hotel. No premium prices for staying in London. Good food and a drink at a reasonable price. They pride themselves on this, or at least they did.Pret a Manger have sold this hotel to SoHo House and it shows in some considerable price increases. Food and drink have increased by approximately 25% since we last stayed ther in March this year. This is disappointing and against the initial premis of the hotel.But, its still a great little urban lodge.............for now at least.The surrounding area is quite scruffy and the tube station is quite intimidating with lots of people hanging around particlalry in the evening. Boris needs to extend his powers and get to work on Old Street Station and the surrounding areas and the hotel need to consider this if they want to increase the prices of the rooms.	
Aug 21 2009 	Excellent Hotel!	I was extremely lucky and managed to get one of the £1 rooms at the Hoxton Hotel through an offer they were doing. I have stayed at this hotel before and it is excellent. The hotel is lovely, kept very tidy and certainly had a nice funky feeling to the decor! Free wifi throughout is also great if you need to catch up on emails etc.The rooms and a decent size with a desk, sofa and flat screen TV. The bed is very comfortable and the shower it one of the best I have used! Rooms have air con and a safe and waiting in the fridge on arrival are two bottles of water and a bottle of milk for making hot drinks. Included in the price is a lite breakfast - Bottle of orange juice, cereal/yoghurt and fruit. You leave a bag on a hook outside your door stating how many breakfasts and what time you require them and they leave your breakfast at this time. Staff are very pleasant and helpful and the bar area is great for some late night drinks. It is open til 1am and has a nice chilled atmosphere. I have stayed overlooking the courtyard and at the back of the hotel and have never had any issues with noise.The hotel is located within a 5min walk of Old Street tube station which is ideal for getting around London. Also nearby are some great bars and cafes just off Rivington Street, I recommend Cargo and Cantaloupe and it's not far to take a stroll to Brick Lane where you can find restaurants etc.I really do recommend this hotel and you can guarantee I will be back again soon!	
Aug 18 2009 	Good if you get a cheap deal. Not worth it otherwise.	Have stayed at the Hoxton many times since it first opened three years ago. If you get one of their cheap rates, normally at the weekend, then it is very good value. However, I would be disappointed if I paid the weekday rates (£150+). Great service and design in the hotel - although the new re-design of the lobby/bar is a big step backwards.Rooms are very small although well equipped. Shower is still one of the best I've ever used.On my latest visit I had an inward looking room, looking down on the hotel bar. These rooms are very noisy at the weekend, as you have the smokers from the bar sitting beneath the room and loud music until about 12.30am. Ask for rooms at the back of the hotel, with views of the Gherkin, or even rooms at the front overlooking Great Eastern Street.TV in my room had dreadful reception. 3 years ago the flat screen was pretty cool. Now it's pretty standard in hotels and needs updating.	
Aug 17 2009 	The best place to stay in London	The hotel is just a few minute walk from the Old Street tube staion, making it very easily accessible to the tube station. The staff was wonderful, accommodating our early check in. The room was clean and I didn't notice it was small, because of the way it was situated. This room was equiped with everything you would need, including a bottle opener. The hanging a breakfast bag out side at night, only to have it filled with orange juice, fruit, pastry and yogurt the next morning is an innovative idea. The room had plenty of coffee or tea. The refridgerator was stocked with milk and water. The lounge offered free internet service and was very hip looking.	
Aug 16 2009 	The Coolest hotel in the coolest part of London	OMG! This place was cool. We loved The Hoxton from the moment we walked into the place. The staff is great, the rooms are clean, new, spacious and oh so stylish. Walking around the area was so fun. Too many good restaurants to choose from and the tube station just around the corner (along with a much appreciated Starbucks to kick off the day)The restaurant at The Hoxton was fantastic and the staff will try to please you in every way. Just ask.	
Aug 13 2009 	Excellent Value and Service Great Location for Touring	The Hoxton Hotel turned out to be a great base for our family of four on a 6 day trip to London. The Old Street tube station is just a block away and we were able to use the Underground to get all over central London to see the major sights without any problem. The Hoxton itself is very modern and has a a terrific staff that answered every question put their way -- from good Indian and Chinese food to the best way to get places. We had adjoining rooms for our family (nice and quiet on a top floor) and were able to spread out and relax. There are lots of nice touchs: good linens and toiletries, generously sized towels, fresh milk and free water bottles, good internet access. The area is rather edgy and arty, but our kids loved it and felt like they saw the hip side of London. The Hoxton grill seems to be a neighborhood meeting place; we ate in a night or two and it was very good.	
Aug 12 2009 	Loved the Hoxton and the surrounding neighborhoods	We loved staying here, it was so nice to be somewhat removed from the heavily touristed parts of town and get a feel for what it would be like to live in London. The restaurants surrounding the Hoxton are amazing and we enjoyed many wonderful meals (as well as a wonderful meal in the hotel). If you like downtown NYC you'll love this place. Parts are a little gritty (a few homeless folks in the tube stop), but we always felt safe. I'd also recommend the Jack the Ripper walking tour which highlights the Whitechapel area to the immediate south of the hotel and walking down to Brick Lane for the Bangladeshi and Indian restaurants.The only downside was that the bathroom made a bit of noise (we could hear water running through the pipes at odd times), but didn't hear any noise from the hallway or other rooms.	
Aug 12 2009 	Stunning Hotel - superb value	The best shower I've ever had. Free (very light!) breakfast, wi fi, phone etc. Food and drink in the grill expensive, but good and generous quantities. Selection of beer in the bar veryy poor, though.The room was modern, but superbly appointed. Air con Real coffee in coffee bags, free milk and water in the fridge. They'd thought of most things!In fact I can't think of anything they'd forgotten.	
Aug 11 2009 	Great hotel - loved it and would stay again without doubt	The hoxton is a sleek and modern hotel close to The City. Reception and all staff were friendly and helpful. The bar was a great place to relax and you weren't ripped off when buying a drink like many hotels and bars in London.If you are arriving from Old Street underground do not be put off, the area around the station does look grim, but as soon as you get to Great Eastern Street and start the walk towards the hotel you will soon realise you are in a great area with lots of bars, places to eat, pubs etc.The bedroom was modern and &quot;trendy&quot; and the bed was very confortable. The bottle of milk and water in the fridge is a great little complimentary extra. I loved this hotel and will certainly be staying here again	
Aug 5 2009 	Fantastic Hotel Superb Staff Luxurious Rooms and Breakfast Delivered too!	I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at the Hoxton Hotel and would highly recommend it as the place to stay in London. The orange wire framed car is really a highlight when entering the lobby and the lighting in the corridors adds to the exciting feel of the hotel. The staff are really friendly and helpful in nature. The rooms are immaculately presented and the bathroom is spotless! The inclusion of a stocked fridge with milk and water was very useful to make tea and coffee which was also provided. Having breakfast delivered to the door in the morning was the perfect start to the day and completed my stay in the hotel nicely. Overall, I cannot praise the Hoxton enough and will be looking forward to staying again!	
Aug 4 2009 	Trendy Buzzy Hoxton!	We booked a very good deal at the Hoxton Hotel some months in advance, for a 2 night weekend break in July 09, having read good reviews in a number of travel magazines (Sunday Times Travel Magazine Best London Hotel 2008) and Trip Advisor reviews. We received a warm welcome from very efficient, friendly reception staff and arriving early, before the usual check-in time, a room was made available for us. The room was on the 5th floor, offering great views of the city but did smell of cigarette smoke (we are non-smokers) but having travelled some way, we were happy just to leave our cases and go out and explore. The rooms are slightly on the small side, but having read several reviews, we were pleasantly surprised and the rooms are so well designed that the lack of space isn’t a problem as all amenities are in the right place, including a small sofa area for relaxing in front of the TV. The room walls were a little scuffed, but generally everything was good – especially considering the price paid.Bed linen was immaculate and the bathroom was very smart, with a great shower and non-steam up mirrors – why can’t all hotels do this?!The open-plan reception/bar area is very funky, with a great mix of modern and traditional and an open-plan American-style diner area. We ate out as we had already booked a table elsewhere and when we returned to the hotel on the Saturday evening the place was buzzing – it has a very good Saturday night scene! We still received quick and attentive service when ordering drinks and nibbles. It’s nice to see reasonable prices too, which encourages you to enjoy a drink or two in the hotel!There is also a tranquil courtyard area, in the middle of the hotel, with a gorgeous olive tree and outside tables/chairs for enjoying a drink in warm weather. The light breakfast (yoghurt/granola, fresh orange juice &amp; banana) delivered outside your room is perfect and allows for enjoying a more indulgent lunch. Fresh milk in the fridge for your morning tea/coffee is a nice touch too. The hotel is well placed, just a few minutes walk from Old Street tube station, being fairly close to Clerkenwell and in the opposite direction, Shoreditch, Hoxton Square etc and only about 15-20 minutes walk to Spitalfields. We ate in the hotel on the Sunday evening and the food was very good and the pecan tart was just divine! Service was extremely friendly, polite and attentive. Little extras such as free internet access (4 monitors available just behind Reception) and free daily papers are a nice touch too. Certainly recommended, a great concept, good prices and I understand there will be hotels in other cities too which we look forward to!	
Aug 2 2009 	All the positive reviews are spot on	We stayed here in early July for 2 nights to kick off our tour of Europe and left extremely impressed with the quality of the hotel. Admittedly, the slightly off-center location is the hotel's main detraction, especially if you are arriving late at night (which we did), but the hotel more than makes up for that with its stylish, contemporary decor and boutique-y feel.Location: In the Hoxton area (obviously), which is northeast of most headline attractions. The area has an industrial/artsy feel that I would liken to Tribeca in NYC (many graphic design or photography studios in former warehouse turned loft buidings). It's a 5-minute walk to Old Street station on the Northern (black) line. We did not find the buses near Old Street convenient for sightseeing destinations.Room: Perfect. Luxurious bed with Frette linens, down comforter, and clever throw pillows. Large flatscreen TV. Clean, beautiful bathroom with rainfall shower, Pears soap, Aveda toiletries. Room was slightly on the small side. Our room on the 4th floor faced the street and we had no problem with noise. Hotel: Lobby and bar area are very chic. Leather sofas, fireplace, tall ceilings. Bartender is excellent, mixes drinks the proper way - from scratch (i.e. lemon press). Modern art sculpture in the entryway changes periodically.Wifi: Free in room. Also, you get 1 hour each day of free international calls! We thought that was amazing. Only complaint was the lack of sheers at the windows, only heavy curtains which blocked all light in the morning. We asked at reception and they are already in the process of ordering these. Breakfast: Pret lite consists of a banana, yogurt parfait w/granola, and bottle of OJ.Value: We paid 100 pounds a night and thought it was worth the money. If you can snag a room for 1 pound by booking way in advance through one of their promotional deals, then more power (and value) to you.	
Jul 31 2009 	Funky Urban Lodge	I managed to book this hotel at £1 for a night during it sale. It is awesome and funky. It is well worth the money at normal prices. Handy for Old Street tube station, plenty of bus stops near by and under £10 for a taxi from Kings Cross. Wee shop across the road is great if you need anything. Plus plenty of food, bars and a taxi office within walking distance as well.The staff are fantastic and nothing is too much bother for them. The room is well laid out and the bed is comfy, great seating and facilities. The bathroom with 2 showers in a walk in closet is excellent. Plenty of hot water and shower pressure!!The Pert breakfast bag is great and a nice way to start the day. Room service is excellent and prices reasonable as well. There is a library, great restaurant/bar in the hotel to keep you amused.We'll def be going back here again!!	
Jul 22 2009 	A fantastic hotel well worth a stay!	My boyfriend and I stayed for two nights here on the 18th &amp; 19th July as we had a weekend ticket to the Lovebox Festival in Hackney. We chose this Hotel as it was close to the Festival site and we had heard some amazing reviews so the decision ws made! We arrived at about 1pm expecting to leave our bags in a holding room as check in was advertised at after 2pm, but luckily a room was ready for us. The reception area is warm and welcoming but with a chic, modern feel (check out the decor, its stunning). The staff were really friendly and helpful too.The room itself was lovely, very modern, a flat screen TV and the shower was AMAZING! the best shower I've used of any hotel I've stayed in. A free small Pret breakfast is provided too.Old Street Tube Station is just a five minute walk away so our journey to Mile End was dead easy.For value for money this hotel is fantastic, and seems like you should be paying alot for more whats available to you. If you get a chance eat at the Hoxton Grill, the food was great.Overall a brilliant hotel, and deffinately on my next trip to London I shall use this hotel again.	
Jul 17 2009 	Good location	We stayed at this hotel in early July. Great location, just minutes from the tube. Hotel itself is lovely and modern. Our purpose was to vist the East End and to sample the delights of Brick Lane. Going to Brick Lane is a must if you are staying here. Only a 10 minute walk from hotel. Will definately stay here again.	
Jul 16 2009 	Amazing - Loved Every Minute	I stayed at the Hox at the beginning of July 2009 and could not say enough about this place. I have been to London several times and did not have any tourtist sights planned so this was a great place to just relax. It is a short walking distance from Old St tube and Curtain Rd, which is filled with great places to hang out at night. You can also walk to Brick Lane where there are great shops. I would not stay anywhere else on my next visit to the big capital. Love love love this place. Spotless rooms, nice decor and fun times to be had! Thanks for a great time! Will definitely be back soon.	
Jul 13 2009 	Excellent value for money	This hotel, although slightly out of the central London, provides an excellent base for exploring the 'cooler' areas of the city, including Hoxton Square, Shoreditch and Spitalfields. Those familiar with the TV satire Nathan Barley will find the individuals who frequent the area to be of great amusement...The Hotel itself has a lively bar area, frequented not only by residents, and a decent courtyard for enjoying a drink outside.The room is nice and spacious, and the bathroom has possibly the best shower i've ever experienced in a hotel. Only downside is the view out of the window, which is not obscured by any kind of net/opaque curtain, meaning that you either have the curtains drawn fully to have any kind of privacy.	
Jul 7 2009 	Amazing Hotel Excellent Service	First, the set-backs: this hotel is located on the edge of the congestion zone, which includes Willow St (back of hotel). There is also limited on-street parking though outside the CPZ times you can just park on the single yellow line. Now the positives, and there were loads. The receptionists were helpful and the rooms simply amazing. The TVs could have a better interface but otherwise it was fantastic. The power shower was brilliant and the air conditioning in the room was very useful for the hot days we stayed there.It's in an excellent location, nearest tube station is Old St which is about 5 mins away. I'd stay here again and would recommend this hotel. It was an absolute pleasure staying here after a not very nice experience at a London Travelodge!	
Jun 30 2009 	Faultless	We wanted to stay in the Hoxton area so this was perfect- and in terms of location it's a short walk from Old St tube.Booking was easy and the price was excellent value (about £90 for a Friday night).The hotel itself was spotless, the staff very friendly and helpful, and the room (although not huge) was absolutely fine for a night's stay. The simple, no fuss approach is refreshing with £5 / hour late check out (if you want to stay in past 12) and a simple Pret brekkie which you can supplement with a fry up in the resident grill.	
Jun 25 2009 	superb - but no longer cheap and not in a great area for most things	It is very good - but only if the location suits. It tends to get overbooked BUT there is a Holiday Inn Express (H. I. Exp.Old Street)across the road if u need to find a berth nearby for a night without lugging your luggage about. We have stayed in the Holiday Inn whenever the hoxton is dearer and just move out for a night - it has saved us hundreds to do this - and you can still use the bar etc at the Hoxton.	
Jun 25 2009 	Lives up to funky website.	Many hotels on their websites promise that their decor and staff are as cool as their airconditioning. Im abit dubious of hotels that claim things like this - however i hate to say it but the hoxton delivered on its promises. The entrance is guarded by 2 bronze dogs, the lobby looks like the entrance to an art college with paintings and sculptures dotted about the place...oh and not to mention the life size orange wire lamboughini. Checking in was very simple and I was heading up to my room within 2 minutes.The rooms are again as promised. Nice size and with good beds and well soundproofed windows. I liked the unit that the tv and kettle were stored in. It looked like it was done on a budget but it actually made it more enjoyable to look at - Quirky is the word I think. The shower was another nice suprise and yes, the website boasts steamproof mirrors which again the room came through with.Down to the bar for a quick beer...again excellent service and was a really comfortable environment. The staff in the bar in the evening and in the mornings seemed very pleased to be working at the hotel and appeared they would do anything to help you out. Room service stops delivering at 10.30Pm but you can buy wine, champagne and snacks from the reception staff - who again, were very friendly even when facing me at 3am fumbling change!The location is excellent, 10 minute walk from liverpool street and barbican and on the door step of Oxford street. I would definately stay at this hotel again and wouldn't hesitate recommending in to a friend. Nice one hoxton.	
Jun 25 2009 	Great Hotel and will go back to stay for next time	I'm highly recommend this hotel. And there clean, comfortable and excellent staff (very nice staff).Free wireless which is always good. Sometime they have special price (1 pounds). I used only 30pounds to stay here one night. Worth!!!!If I go back London will stay here again!!	
Jun 20 2009 	Great Place	An efficiently run large hotel with modern styling, but staff are still attentive in a relaxed way that makes it seem more like a boutique hotel. The room was small, but the amenities are great. It's in a gentrifying Shoreditch neighborhood. I would definitely stay there again.	
Jun 14 2009 	Great Hotel	This is a great hotel for the price in London, if maybe a little out of the way. Liverpool Station is not too far way where you can catch buses and trains. This hotel has the best shower of many far more expensive hotels that I have stayed in. Rooms are small but adequate and well appointed. The free breakfast is great (banana and yogurt) which they deliver to you in a bag by your door at the time you specify. Free bottled water in the fridge, as well as 60 minutes of free calls anywhere including the US. Also free internet in the great lobby which has wonderful cozy intimate sitting areas. I highly recommend staying here. They also have internet deals where you can snag a room for 1 pound per night! Snag a room at the back of the hotel. I hear street facing rooms can be noisy in the wee hours.	
Jun 12 2009 	Very Nice and Interesting Hotel but Not the Best Location	The decor is quite trendy and eye-catching. The lobby has some interesting pieces to look at. The room was very clean and sharp. Service was generally very friendly and the restaurant was also good. One of the best things about the hotel is they definitely don't try to make extra money off you from the little things like phone calls (very cheap rates).I wasn't thrilled with the location. It's in the business district. The tube station is not far away at all, but I prefer hotels in a location where at least some things are within walking/jogging distance. Overall I recommend this hotel if the location suits you!	
Jun 7 2009 	Love it there and will be back	This was our second stay at the Hoxton and again we were blown away by what a great value it is, and how well run it is. Love it there. The only thing people should be aware of: when booking online you are billed for the entire stay right away, which is not refundable and costs 15 quid to change, so best be sure of your dates.	
Jun 1 2009 	Amazing!!	A fantastic hotel both in terms of customer service and style. We booked two rooms for two nights, one for my parents who have stayed before and one for my husband, myself and 5 month old baby.The rooms we were give were great - I think we had a disabled access room which was slightly more spacious and meant that there was plenty of room for the cot that they provided. (also bedding provided)The fridge in the room was great for keeping baby bottles cool in the warm weather and also the complimentary mineral water and fresh milk for tea and coffee (brilliant idea!!)The restaurant is brill as are the staff there - although it is very busy on a Friday and Saturday night with the Shoreditch clubbers they are still very accommodating and prices behind the bar are very reasonable for London.If you don't want to drink in the bar then you can buy bottles of beer, wine or soft drinks from reception and the prices are cheaper than the local shop or supermarket - theres also a bottle opener in the room and glasses provided.The location is good and is a little further away than we usually stay but you can walk to the Tower in about 20-25 minutes and there are plenty of good restaurants locally. On Saturday night we went to Genco on Curtain Road which was lovely and as with The Hoxton the staff were excellent.This has certainly been a very pleasant surprise for London I don't think that I have stayed anywhere else in London that has compared on any level and definitely not on price!!	
Jun 1 2009 	Friendliness efficiency and comfort in a vibrant part of town	We stay here occasionally when the Hoxton have deals on and we fancy a bit of a change for a day or two, and we are never disappointed. This was the fourth time in about a year, and every time we stay, it's just so easy. The staff at the front desk are efficient and welcoming, the rooms clean and functional, all you need for an urban getaway. And there is none of the usual stuffiness asociated with hotels that have have a large business clientele turnover. It's a perfect base for exploring the immediate surroundings, particularly the street art, the galleries and the restaurants. Only problem is, every time we've stayed, it's happened to be freezing outside! I also use the room as an office during the day, as they have internet in every room, plus teas, coffees and a selection of music channels on the TV, a good place to focus as well as to be entertained. For business or leisure, there's not much better.	
May 29 2009 	The Hox is great - keep it quiet!!	If you are planning a business or shopping trip to the capital then look at this place in advance and you may bag yourself a bargain!! A cool hotel with a fantastic set of staff and a grille restaurant/bar offering good value food and drinks. A stones throw from hip Shoreditch/Clerkenwell the Hoxton is great. Rooms are large enough and offer comfrtable beds etc and he shower is great!	
May 28 2009 	Trendy modern great value!	The Hoxton is the best deal in London. Super swank, super stylish. The rooms are on the small side but that is not a problem at all; we’ve definitely seen smaller rooms in London at higher prices. There is plenty of room for two people and their luggage. Every design element of the hotel, from the lobby to the hallways to the rooms to the bathrooms to the bar, which becomes a hipster hangout at night, was brilliant. The hotel is surrounded by interesting pubs, clubs, cafes, and shops and is a 5-minute walk from the Old Street tube stop. The complimentary bottles of water and tasty Pret breakfast are a very nice touch. The Hoxton is definitely our favorite place to stay in London!	
May 27 2009 	Great Hotel clean and very comfortable	I can highly recommend this hotel, clean, comfortable and excellent staff.Free wireless which is always good, since there's still other hotels in this price range that charge for it.	
May 27 2009 	Terrific and Economical	This was a combo business and pleasure trip and The Hoxton was highly recommended by a close friend. This was a delightful &quot;find&quot; in a city known for its high priced hotels. The Hoxton is perhaps the least pretentious hotel I've ever visited. No fancy, puffed-up doorman or bellan with his hand out. Just good service and squeaky clean accomodations. The staff are all extremely pleasant and not impressed with themselves. The Hox caters to the younger, frugal business crowd who are into high tech amenities like free wi-fi or hard-wired broadband connections, inexpensive long distance calls and a clean, comfortable room. The lobby was usually filled with thirty-something professionals with laptops and cell-phones, all doing business of some sort. The rooms are almost commercial/industrial in design, with simple, galvanized steel door frames set in a contemporary mode. Instead of cookie-cutter boxes for rooms, each room appears to only have one straight wall (for the window) with the wooden-paneled other walls set at slight angles to each other to break up the visual monotony. Rates vary by the day (published, no secrets) probably driven by occupancy demand. If you are looking for a reasonabvly priced, spotless hotel for your next visit to London, make this a priority stop. It's just a few blocks from the Financial District. They have a moderately priced Grill/Restaurant off the lobby and a number of private meeting rooms.	
May 23 2009 	Very good and modern hotel	This is a great and modern hotel that really has put some thought in to all details around the operation that they are running. My room was quite ordinary but the overall feel and the service level of the hotel makes up for it by far. Also, very suited for business as it includes free wireless, use of printer etc.	
May 22 2009 	Fantastic hotel excellent value!	We stayed at the Hoxton for 6 nights on a recent visit to London and had a great stay. The hotel offers a nice little continental breakfast delivered to your door in the morning and if you want a little more the resturant downstairs offers breakfast at a reasonable price. Staff was friendly and helpful, and our rooms were made up nicely every day! The room was big enough to be comfortable (quite roomy infact, compared to the other places Ive stayed in London). I made a phone call to Canada one night, and it didnt show up on my bill. When I asked the front desk why it wasnt on the bill, they said they offer 1 hour of free calls to North America each day from your room! WOW- that was an unexpected added bonus! The hotel is reasonable walking distance to the Old Street and Liverpoole tube stations. It was a little noisy in the mornings, but thats just London- not the hotels fault.I would reccommend this hotel to anyone looking for nice hotel, and great value in London!	
May 21 2009 	No complaints for a business hotel	Was not quite sure staying here...there is a BIG difference between North American hotels and those in the UK and Europe. This is a very good business property though. Internet, enough room to breath, a full desk and quick 'business' breakfast. I stayed here for a week and will be very happy to book here again soon. Excellent front desk staff. Cudos all around...see you soon...	
May 21 2009 	Cool hotel at a great price	Just stayed three nights at this hotel. It is a funky hotel with a great vibe, a nice bar and a restaurant with excellent food. The price was real value for money for such a hotel in London - in a location only 5 mins walk from the nearest tube stop on the handy northern line. Although a cooked breakfast is extra, you do get a pret breakfast of yoghurt, banana and juice hung on your door in the morning included in the price. The rooms are a good size, modern and clean. The only small fault was that it was very hot in the room overnight and it could be a bit noisy early in the morning from the street but I expect that was just because of where our room was located (just up from where the binmen seemed to come - EVERY morning!). None of that took away from it and would highly recommend this hotel.	
May 18 2009 	Trendy and hip hotel	My companion and I stayed one night at this hotel - we got it at an incredible 29 pounds during the Great Hoxton sale. Our experience at the hotel was very positive. Check in was quick and efficient, and the guy who served us was extremely warm and friendly. Made a few phone calls from the room and I must say the charges were very reasonable. In the morning, we got a brown bag containing OJ, a banana and yoghurt from Pret a Manger, which I enjoyed a lot - it's such a novel idea. The room was very spacious and modern. Not my ideal type of decor as it didn't give me a very cozy feeling but it was clean, there was enough room for our 2 large suitcases and even with those, we had space to walk around. The bathroom was also very spacious and had a good, strong shower. The hotel is a 5-10 minute walk to/from Old Street tube station but there isn't very much to see around that area. Though we did not feel unsafe in the day or night, the area is definitely not as polished and quaint as the West end. At night, the place was upbeat and lively as there are quite a number of clubs/pubs around.All in all, an extremely good deal and I would definitely recommend this hotel if you could snag the rooms at their lower rates. At normal rates, I would much prefer to stay in a more centrally located hotel in the West end.	
May 18 2009 	Hotel Babylon (where dreams come true)	This trendy and urban hotel is the gem of East End hotels. The staff were friendly and welcoming, the room was fab ie: bed, towels, linen, lighting, toiletries, dench double shower, bottled water, fresh milk, coffee bags, and Pret breakfast etc etc ect. We were at the back of the hotel on the 4th floor over looking Willow Street. We had views of the City including Tower 42 which was the art work on our wall.The area is trendy and urban with a buzz about it. We walked along the Regents Canal (the Hackney part), had Sunday lunch in the Bricklayers arms (as in the Hox guide), a walk aong Columbia Road flower market.The best part of our stay in London was our picnic on Hampstead Heath with the breath taking views over london, a few drinks in Soho, awalk along the South bank and back to the Hoxton Hotel for the night. To be able to get a way for a break on our own this hotel truely gave us our Hotel Babylon experience and our dreams did come true!We love London and we love the Hoxton hotel.	
May 16 2009 	Really cool hotel-a great find!	Enjoyed a great weekend away at the Hoxton last weekend. The location was great- quite trendy and 'edgy' and perfect for Fifteen restaurant and pretty close to the tube. We had a bit of trouble locating parking so bear this in mind if coming by car. The staff were really friendly and had heeded our request for a quiet room which was much appreciated. The room wasn't massive but the bed was really comfortable, bathroom had great monsoon shower and the room was nicely designed and had everything we needed. Only complaint was the unflattering over-mirror lighting in the bathroom! The fresh milk and free mineral water were welcome extras missing from most hotels. Late check out and express check out options show management understands its clientele. Loved the Pret breakfast bag which was just enough to keep us going until brunch. We would have liked to have had breakfast in the Grille but were running late, however we had drinks in the bar and were very well looked after by a hilarious bartender! Would definitely recommend this hotel. Perfect for any parents of small children needing to remind themselves of their trendy, child-free past!	
May 11 2009	A fine contemporary hotel	A lovely 2 night stay in this unusual hotel. The comfort of the bed was unbelievable for a hotel. Everything so clean and in its place. Make sure you ask for a quite room. We had to change for our 2nd night as the traffic noise at the front kept waking us. Otherwise highly recommended. Will definitely stay again.	
May 10 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	Just got back from the Hoxton hotel, where I was lucky to get a room for the night at £29. I was surprised to find that not only did the fridge contain free milk and mineral water the room also had free Internet on the TV and free WiFi, free 1 hour of phone calls and free breakfast (banana, juice and yoghurt).The rooms are maybe a bit smaller than hotels of a similar price (if paying full price) but the extras make up for this.The only real downside is the location isn't the best for exploring London, it's close to a Tube station and only 2 stops from St Pancras (Eurostar) but for anything else you may need to change on the underground a few times.Overall a fantasic stay at the Hoxton, reception staff were always very pleasent.My only comment about service is don't expect a reply to e-mails. I twice asked if they provided a left luggage service as I planned to arrive early and neither e-mail got a reply.	
May 8 2009 	The Hox Rocks!	It all begins with the lobby, half of which is a bar/restaurant in the center of which is the check in/out counter and its very helpful friendly attendants. The lobby is full of people most of the time coming or going, eating, hanging out or using the free computers.There is an outdoor patio area which must be great in the summer. It might put off some older travellers but I loved it - nothing cold, lonely or impersonal about the lobby,.The rooms are not huge but the quality of the fiurnishings and fittings is excellent. The window curtains are thick and keep out the light if you need to sleep. The large TV monitors tilt and come with a keboard. Fabulous beds with down duvets and pillows. Great shower head large bathroom mirror, free Pears soap - a large bar, not that sample sized stuff, nice towels. I do wish they had a luggage rack but otherwise no complaint,. The overall style is industrial/modern . Can't say the window views are beautiful but I do not go to hotels to stare out the window.I was OK with the bagged breakfast but supplemented it with some groceries purchased across the street (several small shops in the area sell food which you can stash in your imini fridge) I found their restaurant breakfast not great for the money. Lots of reasonably privced restaurants in the area.One great thing is they give you two free bottles of water per day and they are very welcome &quot;travel companions&quot; as you go about your sightseeing.Hotel is not far from the Old St. tube station (Northern Line). The closest neighborhoods of interest are its own (lots of interesting small shops and galleries -- worth exploring) Soho, Camden Town and Hampstead Heath are all easy to get to on the tube, as are the City / Southwark (The Tower, Globe Theatre, London Dungeon, Tate Modern, Etc.) Going to Buckingham Palace area and Chelsea on the tube takes about an hour -- it's do-able but not convenient. The museums and Harrods are accessible if you dont mind changing a few trains.A very pleasant surprise at the end of my stay (5 nights) was the phone bill -- long distance calls are most reasonable, a tenth of what other hotels will stiff you for.I would recommend the Hox HIGHLY to anyone who loves the older parts of the city and not so much for those who want to spot royals, do luxury shopping, or see Big Ben. It is an excellent hotel with a great attitude.	
May 3 2009 	Very Happy with the Hoxton	In late March, my boyfriend and I stayed at the Hoxton. I came across this hotel accidentally actually by seeing an advertisement for their 1 pound sale. Well, we were not one of the lucky few that got the 1 pound room, but we did get one during the sale for 29 pounds which was still a fantastic deal.We arrived Saturday morning after our transatlantic flight. First of all, if you have luggage and want to take the Tube from Heathrow, make sure the Old Street Station is open. It isn’t on the weekend (at least when we were there) and we had to go to the Liverpool Station which isn’t a bad walk at all if you don’t have heavy luggage. We arrived well before the check-in and the hotel allowed us to store our baggage while we went out and did some sightseeing. The staff was young and very helpful and friendly. In the afternoon, when we returned, we checked into our room. The room was small for American standards, but on par with European standards. It was clean and had interesting signs on the windows and doors. The bathroom was nice though the black tile in the shower made it a little dark and hard to see. They had nice bath products though. Also, every room comes with two bottles of water in the fridge so that was a plus. The breakfast in a bag was nothing spectacular, but was something nonetheless. Because we were planning to leave London in the evening, we wanted to do some additional sightseeing and the hotel also stored our bags after we checked out. One additional plus was the free Internet and computers downstairs.We didn’t explore the area around the hotel much at all, but the Tube was a short distance away which made it convenient to do our exploring of London. Overall, we enjoyed our stay at this trendy, modern hotel, and would stay again.	
May 3 2009 	Excellent Bargain	We booked early and paid an amazing 57 pounds per night for a well appointed, clean, modern hotel room. Although the room is small (normal London size) everything is there. Great bathroom &amp; shower, flat screen tv, WiFi. As the site explains, they deliver a small breakfast each morning at the time of your choosing. We supplemented the yogurt/banana/juice with pastries bought just down the street and it worked out fine. Pluses are: Amazing low price (book early),clean, attractive, modern and fully equipped room, friendly and helpful staff. Fairly quiet (for London).Minuses: If you book early to get a great deal and then change your dates you won't get a refund. Room is small. Location is distant from Heathrow. Getting there required either a long and tedious tube ride (about an hour dragging our luggage through three exchanges) or an expensive train + tube ride or an outrageously expensive cab ride.	
May 3 2009 	Great Out-of-the-Box Value	Spent a lot of time researching hotels. Coming from Asia, European hotels can be very small, expensive and just plainly not that good. Hoxton got a lot of good hype from the room sale, and we were lucky enough to get good rates.This is on of the best values I've gotten on a hotel ever. Room was cute and funky. Beds were comfy. Bathroom was a decent size. Amenities were basic but you got everything you needed. Free internet was awesome! There are even computer terminals downstairs for guest to use, and free printing! Breakfast bags became light snacks. Service was very polite and friendly.Aside from the fact that this was not in the dead center of London, it was easily accessible. Came on the night of Easter Monday, there were not a lot of people and Old St. station was pretty scary. But on the rest of the nights, there were a lot of partying kids around in Shoreditch, so it was lively street scene around the hotel.All in all, it was awesome. I did not realize how outdated hotel service is in general until I stayed here.	
Apr 28 2009 	Brilliant! Top class hotel	Can't praise the hotel enough. Really well designed with great bits of art - there was a fluorescent orange Lamborghini in reception that was amazing! The rooms are lovely - great TV and fridge with water and real milk. There was a picture of Tower Bridge carved into the plaster which was really effective. The shower was one of the best I’ve had! Loads of thought has gone in to how to make the rooms better than the bog standard rooms you get in many big hotels now. We paid for breakfast in the restaurant which was really good value, none of your ridiculous £17 cooked breakfasts here and the staff are really helpful and friendly. The outside courtyard (which is no smoking- hurrah!) is really nice especially at night. We walked about 15 mins to Brick Lane for a curry and went past Petticoat Lane market on the way to the Whitechapel Art Gallery, so there's loads to see and do. We were on our way to St Pancras and Eurostar and this hotel is only 2 stops from there on the tube. I won't be staying anywhere else in London now!	
Apr 22 2009 	Very Late Review but LOVED the Hoxton...	after hearing a friend's review of the Hoxton Hotel, i took my boyfriend there to celebrate his 30th. Can't say enough about the place. I love the sheets (Frette), the bathroom, the brown bag breakfast left on the door. Lots of fun restaurants/bars nearby, including Jamie Oliver's Fifteen restaurant. I've stayed in many hotels in London, from fancy to budget...but for the price, the Hoxton is top on my list.	
Apr 20 2009 	Good Value	We stayed at the Hoxton, 2 adults, one child. We were visiting from the US and wanted a hotel that was new, with good value. We stayed for 7 nights and liked our free breakfast, but after 7 days tired of the same items, wish they had offered a variety you could choose from instead of yogurt, juice and a banana each day. We had a roll-a-way bed for our child which he said was comfortable. Our bed was clean, large and the linens nice, but really wished it had a box spring, not just the mattress. I had a back ache when we left. We also did not have much moving about room with his roll-a-way in the room. My only suggestion for comfort would be adding a box spring to the bed and a slightly more comfortable couch.The bathrooms are fantastic, large, powerful shower which felt good after walking London all day. Nice flat screen TV and wireless in room which we used. Also appreciated the safe. Took advantage of their reasonably priced wine and sodas they sold at the desk. We had a street facing room so we did not really notice noise unless the police or fire department were going through with sirens on. We did hear street noise from party revelers until around 3am or so on Friday and Saturday night. We also tried to eat in the restaurant on Friday evening and encountered a very long wait since this happens to be a popular bar on the weekends. Nice short walk from Old Street station to the hotel and felt very safe no matter what time we were returning to the hotel in the evenings. It is a bit out of the way of the touristy areas, so just know you will have to switch usually at one station to hop on another tube line to get to your destination. At the most we spent arond 20 minutes on the tube each morning, not a problem. Enjoyed the people viewing and my son enjoyed the tube immensely. We love the European mass transit systems.I have stayed in London in the past and this hotel was a huge improvement from the last time when I stayed in an old former home that smelled very musty and had tiny rooms. I would recommend The Hoxton to anyone travelling, but think the target audience of the hotel is probably the traveling professional and young adults with no kids. The desk staff was very helpful and nice. I did not care too much for the restaurant hostess as I felt she was trying to discourage us from eating in the restaurant on Friday evening since it was filled with young people partying after a week of work. But you can not take children in pubs after 6pm in the evenings in London and the area restaurants also had long waits for tables.	
Apr 16 2009 	Great hidden gem...	Stayed at the Hoxton for two nights in the middle of April and loved it. Location was ideal .... nice and close to Old Street Tube. Staff were very helpful and friendly and the hotel seemed to be well run and maintained. The rooms were very impressive, especially the bathroom and the free lunch which was delivered to your room in the morning. After pricing other hotels in London before choosing the Hoxton, I was very pleased with my choice and would definitely return when I next visit London.	
Apr 14 2009 	Excellent	A rare combination of:- style / fun- good bathroom / shower - little things that you want (fresh milk, fridge, proper soap)- friendly staff who actually seem to be interested in providing a good service- cleanliness- excellent value.Why can't more hotels be like this?	
Apr 14 2009 	Young and funky hotel	Really enjoyed my stay here. Although we were a bit unsure of the area when we got off the underground, the hotel was not disappointing. The room was a bit on the small side but it was quiet and heavy curtins meant it was nice and dark for sleeping. The bathroom was nice and had a hot, powerful shower. Breakfast is left at your room in the morning, it's quite basic but will keep you going for the first couple of hours of the day. We went to the hoteal bar on the Saturday night of our stay and it was really busy, good atmosphere, but the noise didn't disturb us at all when we went back to our room. Staff here were lovely. We were able to leave our luggage in a room after checking out so we didn't have to drag it around all day before our flight, this was very useful. Overall a good place to stay, cheaper than alot of places in London. 5 minutes from the underground station. Decor is quite contemp and interesting.	
Apr 8 2009 	Great value	The Hoxton do deals. We stayed for £29 for the night and have managed to get a room for £1 in July. Hotel was modern, Clean and very comfortable. Breakfast delivered to your room in a bag which is a great idea and free use of computers and internet in foyer. I would reccommend to anyone having a weekend in London. Close to tube.	
Apr 7 2009 	Brilliant yet again	We have stayed a few times at the Hoxton now and it has never let us down. We were very impressed that it's still spotlessly clean and new looking since we visited in it's first months of opening. Staff very friendly and helpful, to the extent of phoning us at home after our stay to say they had found our mobile phone on the floor in the foyer, taken the trouble to dial the &quot;Home&quot; number from the address book to find out who it belonged to, and posted it back to us free of charge. The breakfast on the door is always fresh and welcome and it's a nice touch to have fresh milk and bottled water in the rooms. I love the chance to take your Pears soap home too! Will definately stay again, even though we never manage to get the £1 offers (tried again today!!).	
Apr 6 2009 	excellent hotel - keep the £1 offer to yourselves!	Loved this hotel - was fortunate enough to have got a room for £1. The room itself was quiet and clean with a lovely shower. Would definately go back, when you consider that at normal prices its competition is the likes of travel lodge this is a world apart.	
Mar 30 2009 	Unbeatable value...	Stayed here for the princely sum of £77. Staff are all warm and engaging and the rooms are well equipped. They're not large but the bed is very comfortable and the bathroom was excellent. Unlike other hotels, buying anything does not require a second mortgage ('phone calls are 3p a minute in the UK). Room comes with free milk and mineral water in the fridge. We used the bar and the restaurant and both were good.It's about time hotels like this started to appear - reasonably priced and able to treat its customers like human beings rather than sucking as much money out of them as possible. For anyone who's ever squirmed at some of the exorbitant costs associated with staying in most hotels - enjoy. That said, this place stands out as a very good hotel in its own right. Book early and you can get rooms for £55 or less (others in our party had done this). I would unhesitatingly recommend this place and congratulations are in order for the owners.	
Mar 29 2009 	Excellent stay - especially for a £1!	We stayed one night at the Hoxton after managing to secure one of their rooms in the sale. I paid a grand total of £1 for the room! Nevertheless, the service we received from the staff at the Hoxton in no way made us feel like second clas citizens and we were able to benefit from all aspects of the excellent facilities, including a free 'lite' breakfast - delivered to our room, and a free Observer newspaper.Our room was extremely comfortable and stylishly presented. Gallons of non-stop hot water in the powerful double-size shower and crisp white Egyptian cotton sheets. All made for a surprisingly comfortable and special stay.	
Mar 23 2009 	Very good if not flawless	Stayed for a weekend late in March, paying a total of £170 for two nights. Rooms can be had cheaper if you are quicker off the mark booking, but I still think this is very good value for a decent hotel in London - I have paid much more for far worse experiences.I like the location - Hoxton itself is lively but the rest of town is also very accessible. Things do get a bit noisy at the weekends and late at night, so if quiet is an absolute priority then do bear that in mind. Service was excellent, and rooms are generally well equipped and clean, if now getting a bit scuffed round the edges. This is not the hotel to come to for scenic views, however.Some little touches could be improved. I can't stand the ridiculous 'coffee bags' they give you in the room - instant would even be better. The 'breakfast' is also slightly annoying - really, juice, a yoghurt and a banana is not 'a breakfast'. The restaurant downstairs is also pretty average for the money they charge for dinner. That said, there are so many eating options locally there was no need to eat there.The trying so hard hipness of the area and aspects of the hotel makes me laugh rather than be irritated. And there is no denying this is very good value indeed for London, as long as you don't pay full whack	
Mar 23 2009 	Trendy boutique hotel	Located in the very trendy Hoxton area with plenty of restaurants and bars as well as being within 15 minutes walking distance of Jamie Oliver's Fifteen restaurant. Rooms are very alternative - no curtains, blinds or nets overlooking the office block across the road and no bathtub. Howvever you do get free wifi internet access as well as a breakfast from pret a manger. Very reasonable priced.	
Mar 22 2009 	not as good as it thinks it is.......but incredibly cheap for London	We stayed at the Hoxton Hotel in Feb 2009 over Valentines Weekend and managed to get an excellent rate at £55 per room per night. We normally stay at the Park City in Kensington and thought we would try the Hoxton because of the brilliant price and rave reviews on Trip Advisor. Overall we can only rate our stay as average and here's why...Service - the contact we had with reception at check in/out was excellent and the staff made us feel very welcome. We also received the quiet room we requested (4th Floor).Atmosphere - Whilst we are only in our 30's/early 40's, we didn't really enjoy the young and hip feel the hotel is desperately keen to project. The reception area/ bar area resembled a nightclub on the Saturday night and was full of twentysomethings trying to look like celebs. We like a drink and love listening to music, but went straight up to our room when we got in around 11.30pm as it was absolutely crammed (100's) with people at the bar and around the seating areas.Value - We paid just £55 per room per night. Outstanding value for a London hotel. Room - Nice quality and very quiet during the day, noisier at night with fellow guests coming in at 3 and 4am. The bathroom was excellent and despite the 'industrial feel' corridors, we were happy with our room. Negatives included the view, which was of the back of various brick buildings and empty office units. The Pret-a-Manger juice/banana/yoghurt breakfast is typical of the hotel. They think its a trendy idea but really it was just average and we bet plenty go in the bin unfinished or untouched. If you are the type who already goes to Pret a Manger for breakfast then maybe you'll love it, but if you like a bacon butty you'll be really disappointed. Location - not that great. A mixture of business/residential properties nearby and nothing locally to be excited about. An unattractive 10 mins walk takes you to/from the Tube and that's pretty much it. A good few smart/upmarket bars/clubs are nearby and again this would be perfect for anyone into that scene. Plenty of kebab shops as well, so if the hotel grill has closed and you're really desperate for something, you'll not go hungry. Overall - if you're in your 20's and like the younger club/bar scene this hotel will be absolutely perfect for you. Anybody else might be better served staying elsewhere, although its hard to resist when their prices are so low...	
Mar 20 2009 	Not worth the money	Looks like a knocking shop, felt like a knocking shop. Dark, dingy, seedy, expensive for what it was, no baths and £2 for a glass of orange juice out of a carton at breakfast! Despite the fact the (second floor) rooms were on the back which is much quieter than the front, they were noisy and overlooked and depressingly dark and dismal. I'm sure grey and black were all the rage once, but hopeless if you're trying to see yourself in a mirror. Try the Zetter - it's better.	
Mar 17 2009 	Pleasantly Surprised	I booked the Hoxton based on reviews from this site, as well as the neighborhood, and the value. I was pleasantly surprised. Usually with boutique hotels you get a lot of attitude, not so here. The amenities are affordable, and down right inexpensive. It is refreshing to get a snack at a hotel for a reasonable amount of money. The rooms are lovely and just the right size. The lobby scene is thriving, but it doesn't affect the rooms which is great. Staff were friendly. Light Breakfast a plus. Only real issue was some minor confusion with the housekeeping staff about cleaning my room as I usually don't have it cleaned during short stays - if the worst thing I have to say is they cleaned the room, well that isn't a problem at all. I will definitely stay at the Hoxton again.	
Mar 13 2009 	If it sounds too good to be true...	It most likely is!Is what went through my head when a friend told me about the £1 a room per night special deal at the hoxton. However I went ahead and booked a room for £1 for the 12th March. I arrived at the Hoxton to a reception desk that was a little laid back maybe too laid back as no greeting what so ever was offered. After some fumbling around and panic stricken faces I was told I was not in the system. They proceeded with my confirmation to apply the booking giving all sorts of confusing explanations. The receptionist agreed the hotel did seem HOT as I was near on passing out. When I initially made the booking back in January I was informed I would be pre-charged the £1 of which was successfully removed from my account a week later and then a few days’ later 2p was refunded. When they had re-applied my booking I was told I would be charged the £1 again. I told them it had already been charged where they stated it had not (not in accordance with there own terms and conditions, very contradictory) however I told them I could in a matter of minutes prove this with my online banking via a print out. They then stated &quot;No one is going to get rich from £1 so we wont bother&quot; which made me feel a little awkward if not embarrassed.Anyhow as we approached the lift with room keys the duty manager approached me once more and stated that the confirmation I had let them keep stated the 12 February and that we would have to pay full rate.I stated as it was a birthday and groups of us attending the day that I was certain I had not made the mistake of booking February instead of March. However he went away and said he would check with the reservations system/team and came back to inform me they would honour my booking of £1, again stating that &quot;No one would get rich with £1&quot; at which point I was lost as to the point he was trying to make, but this made me feel as though I was conning the hotel, which being an honest and genuine person ruined my whole night and I did not relax while sleeping and was only relieved after checking out and walking down the street to the car park.I also received a lecture about how to book a hotel (even though I do all the time) and how I should be more careful in future. Although this advice was said I think with good intention I simply replied 'Thank You' through gritted teeth.As I stated above I spent most of the night in the theatre watching Zorro thinking about the booking and the way it was handled and whole heartedly recall seeing March on the Calendar when making the booking.But as I stated above, If something sounds too good to be true.... and at the time of booking I took several snap shot images of the web pages when booking on the hoxton website along with some of the final information that came up before entering credit card details, and it does transpire I DID make the booking as I thought for the 12 MARCH 2009 and not February as the hotel confirmation (that came after my credit card had entered via email) stated.Now I'm home and have the 'proof' I was going to bring this up with the hotel but as I will not be re-visiting I am not going to bother and shall stick to my usual brand and clock up the rewards with my Hilton Honours card.*** THE HOTEL ***Apart from the administration shambles of the hotel, it is a really lovely hotel. Being 3 years old I was shocked at how clean the bathroom was. I could not find one spec of dirt, smears on glass or lime scale/mould. I was really impressed. The bed was very comfortable but I slept restlessly the whole night due to the affair as highlighted above. The mini fridge was very much welcome with its own milk and still water. A few scuff marks on the walls and one side of the room, the wall looked very dirty but if I’m honest I could not work out if it was meant to look like that or not.The TV, Tea and coffee facilities were very good, along with the system of continental breakfast and its contents excellent.The shower was a secluded section on the floor almost like an enclosed wet room if that makes sense with a separate funky showerhead on a hose. Cannot fault the hotel at all except housekeeping walked into the room many times with no knock, the phone kept ringing with no one on the other end. Being at the front of the hotel was very noisy right through the night, even around 4am. There was an alarm that seemed to be going off from outside and heard from the 4th floor. On entering the room I had to draw the curtains as no blinds meant all the office workers in the building across the road could see, which was off putting and not relaxing. So what time I did spend in the room was in very dim energy saving lighting, which gave me a headache from straining to see around the room.I would recommend a stay here as it did look excellent and I think if circumstances had have been a little different regard to the admin side would have enjoyed the stay completely.Made me laugh, on check out was charged 'another' £1, just think maybe they should scrap the £1 idea (Thought £1 did not make anyone rich? Now they’ve had £2..). I would like to think this was an error on the system regard my booking and not a way to falsely draw in customers.Car Parking is a nightmare, but I found Great Eastern Street NCP very secure and was only £18 for 12-24hrs. You park in the lift, which takes you to the floor advised by the attendant, but beware there is no passenger lift. I was on the 8th floor (although floor 4, 5, and 6 were empty) and although a breeze to walk down, climbing up them was a nightmare (with/without case and bags) even for a young reasonably fit person, but a great workout if nothing else. The floor had one CCTV looking onto the stairwell and lift area seeing all who come in and out, but also the stairwell door was locked at closing time so quite secure	
Mar 8 2009 	Lovely staff lively bar!	Recently stayed at the Hoxton for two nights and found it to be very good. The reception staff are lovely, very friendly which can be unusual for London. The rooms are immaculately clean, although quite small and rather dark. The bathrooms are excellent, with a huge shower. The bar is good fun, with log fires and a very lively atmosphere. Would definitely stay here again, even though they forgot our breakfast one morning!	
Mar 6 2009 	Love the Hoxton	I have stayed in the Hoxton on about 4 occasions now with my boyfriend when we have been out in London at the weekend or on a Friday night and we absolutely love it! Fair enough the location and street that it is on is not the most palatial but it is Shoreditch so what you see is what you get! The hotel lobby and bar is fab though and we have never had any issue with the staff. The rooms are all lovely and of a similar size with extra comfortable beds, flat screen TV's and wonderful modern bathrooms and fittings. For a central London hotel they are of very high quality in our opinion. The complimentary pret breakfast bag is a nice touch but nothing substantial, just a yoghurt, banana and juice but it just adds to the originality of the hotel.If I were a tourist in London I would definitely opt for the slightly longer tube/bus ride to west end attractions and stay in the Hoxton for a great value, comfortable stay. You are only 5 minutes walk to Old Broad Street on the Northern Line and 10 minute walk to Liverpool Street where you can pick up tube connections to all the main sights.We have never had any issues coming back to the hotel late at night, just like anywhere in London and any other city keep your wits about you.Enjoy	
Mar 5 2009 	The best value in all of London	It's a long time since I spent only 67 Euro for a hotel room in London. Yet this is the exact amount I paid for a room in the Hoxton on the 1st of March. Great room. Intensely comfortable bed. Flat screen television. Panoramic view from my room overlooking Great Eastern Street. And the room service was good value, working out at about 15 Euro for an excellent main course. Breakfast downstairs (bacon bap with a pot of coffee) set me back about 7 Euro. This hotel does not believe in overcharging customers for their basic needs or wants. In line with this philosopy, items such as chocolate and crisps are all available from the front desk of the hotel at ordinary retail prices.Hoxton is a little bit off the beaten track. But, if you turn left when you leave the hotel, you can walk to Old Street tube station (on the Northern Line) in about four minutes. Turn right, walk a little further, and you'll be at Liverpool Street rail and tube station in about eight minutes. I loved the area around the Hoxton, an interesting combination of gentrified chic and working class edge. 'Friends' meets 'Mean Streets'.The only problem is that the Hoxton is moving inexorably up the TALF rankings as a highly desirable hotel. Which is great for the owners of the Hoxton. But, inevitably, it will make it more difficult to get rooms at bargain basement rates. I took a look at the rates a few weeks hence, and discovered that it would be impossible for me to repeat the Euro 67 rate on offer on the 1st of March. But the Hoxton was definitely &quot;the best value in all of London&quot; on the night I stayed there.As regards the staff, I can only refer to my own experience. I found the front desk staff to be super: young, enthusiastic and eager to help all of their guests And, though I only had breakfast there, I thought the service in the Hoxton Grill was also of a high calibre.So it's a huge thumbs up for the Hoxton.	
Mar 1 2009	Abusive bar staff - beware!	On Friday night we went into the bar of Hoxton Hotel to meet some friends who were staying there. I tried to buy some drinks as it was my round, I was told that I couldn't unless I was staying there.I did pretend that I was staying with them and borrowed a friends room card, I admit that this was cheeky however it was all fairly good natured and was only done so I could pay for drinks.A male member of the staff (rightly) challenged me and I said that I was staying with you. At this stage the interaction was still pretty good natured, although must have been slightly tedious for the bar staff!At this point a female member of the bar staff involved herself in the discussion and aggressively called me a horrible liar. I was really taken aback at her tone, manner and downright unpleasantness so told her she was being a b*tch.She then proceeded to complain to a member of the party I was with about me and when I pointed out that she'd been unpleasant she started arguing with me. Then she asked me how old I was and said look at how I was acting.Someone who was staying at the hotel ended up buying drinks and we then left.I still can't believe that a member of their staff completely insulted me for no reason. If i had been being abusive I would have understood a bit more but I wasn't, I was simply trying to pay for some drinks. This pretty much ruined our night out and caused an issue for our party when there really was no need to. It was a completely avoidable situation.	
Feb 28 2009 	A fantastic place to stay!	The Hoxton is a fantastic place to stay. If you plan ahead or take advantage of their famed sales you can get really good value rooms. The rooms are really nice; the beds are fantastic, super comfortable. Staff are super-friendly and helpful. The location is great - the area is full of great places to eat and drink. Do really recommend Vietnamese food at the nearby Cay Tre (they have a website). Hoxton Square is a nice spot for Thai, Japanese and other foods. There is a super bar downstairs and complimentary Guardian newspapers for you in the morning. The Reception offers some great little bottles of wine to take to your room, where you can also take advantage of a £7.50 for 24 hours offer on their film selection (which isn't always great, it must be said).	
Feb 20 2009 	Style 	Stayed for 2 nights, can't fault the hotel &amp; staff. Make sure you book early to get a good rate as we did. We had a room at the back of the hotel it was really quiet. Right in the centre of a great part of London. Don't miss the hotel bar even though a bit naughty of them not to sell draught beer!	
Feb 16 2009 	It's cool and sometimes even cheap.	I stayed at the Hoxton for one night , read about it on a magazine and i was very happy about my choice. I got a very good rate through their website , it is some kind of no-frills design hotel but the rooms and way much nicer that many other hotels...especially for what you can get in London under 100 pounds. The room i got was almost black , with a very confortable and spacious bed and a fantasic power shower , ther is a drawer with some extra gadget and you even get fresh juice and a banana for breakfast hanging at your door. Not bad for a low-cost. The area of Hoxton square is Hip, maybe too hip for someone's tastes, and if you don't fancy public transportation too much it is probably too far too walk to the centre of London , bu it is still worth to stay at the Hoxton.	
Feb 14 2009 	Great Winter Oasis	I stayed at the Hoxton during the big snowstorm in early February. I arrived the night the snow hit, and I was amazed at how alive the hotel was with all the guests enjoying themselves as if they were at a posh ski lodge.The room was the perfect size for me as a single traveler, and I had all that I could have ever wanted: morning tea/coffee, two bottles of water, and a delivered breakfast bag perfect for taking to work.Every time I went downstairs to the lobby, I was again astonished to see how hopping the place was! Great music playing, interesting people smiling and drinking, or cozying up to laptop on a comfortable arm chair.I've stayed in London once before and was not impressed by the bathroom situation I had (tiny tiny tiny). This bathroom was perfect and quite modern. I was relieved when I arrived.I'll definitely stay at the Hoxton again, and I was the envy of other co-workers who travelled to London, only to stay at the Crowne Plaza (which I heard was nice too, but not as cool as the Hoxton!).	
Feb 10 2009 	Wowzers!	Got this hotel last minute at the £1 sale! It was WELL WORTH it! What a change from the dated Copthorne Tara Kensington we stayed the night before. The day we checked in happened to be the day the snowstorm got to London, so we were trudging our luggage in the snow from the Old Street tube station (5 mins away) and ended up having our feet soaking wet as we weren't prepared for the weather conditions. The Hoxton is a nice, new modern hotel which seems to be also geared towards business travellers. I liked how the reception had this friendly feel to it and the staff members were wearing casual clothing. The reception also doubles up as a &quot;shop&quot; where you can buy electrical adapters (only £1) , water, snacks, wine at very reasonable prices. On the opposite side, there are four computer terminals with free internet.We had room 111, and the moment we opened the door...well.. WOW. It wasnt the biggest of hotel rooms, but for £1 per night, who am I to complain? Nice contemporary feel to it with funky interior designs. I particularly loved the bathroom, although with no bath, it had a rainforest shower, and Aveda toiletries. There is also free WiFi in the rooms, and you can also surf the internet from the flat screen TV (also comes with a wireless keyboard) if you don't have a computer or PDA with you. Calls to local numbers via the phone in the room cost only 4 pence. Who needs roaming with that! Overall... an excellent stay at the Hoxton, never mind the £1 room. Even if I paid £80 for this room, I'd still be happy!	
Feb 10 2009 	A Fantastic Hotel Despite Toilet Roll Problems	A fantastic hotel. I am tempted to say 'fantastic for the price' but that would suggest there were problems related to the hotel that you might expect at that end of the market. There weren't.On arrival, the receptionist was welcoming, friendly and helpful and offered us a choice of floors. Having read previous reviews about noise from the bar we chose the fifth floor and were not disturbed by bar festivities during our stay.The room itself was well furnished and the bed was fantastically comfortable. The eiderdown was perfect and a real added luxury.Facilities in the room are nicely presented but having to move the whole coffee tray to plug in the kettle was a bit strange. On that subject, coffee bags? Not a good way to make coffee.One minor point, the toilet roll refused to stay on the toilet roll holder. This was because the holder pointed towards the floor. What a strange design choice.We were disturbed by our idiot neighbours returning to their room, going out and returning again repeatedly for half an hour in the middle of the night. Whatever they were up to was annoying but can't really count against the hotel.The Grille restaurant was excellent - friendly, intelligent service, good food and half price too (there was a special offer on). We were thirty minutes late for our table but this was effortlessly accommodated despite the restaurant being very busy.Overall, the Hoxton is doing a lot right and not much wrong. The prices are good, the service is friendly and the facilities are well thought through. They have maybe scrimped a bit on the fittings in places.	
Feb 9 2009 	Fab Trendy Cheap hotel in London	I stayed at the Hoxton in October 2008 for 2nights and was delighted with the hotel. For an average of £55 per room per night this is a great price for central London.The room was spacious, the bed was comfy, the bathroom was clean and huge. The only problem was this hotel was the breakfast in a bag concept but im not a huge breakfast fan so this was not a major issue.The area (Shoreditch) may appear rough when you step out of the subway station but as a woman walking at night I felt very secure. The area was always busy and the local diners and bars were never packed and offered good food.The trick to this hotel is paying the right price as it can go up to aprox. £150 a night in which case it is not worth the money. If you get it for under £80 then you will love this hotel and if your lucky enough to get it for £1 a night then your in for a right treat.	
Feb 8 2009 	Excellent value	Much have been said about the Hoxton Hotel, and it's true to it's reputation.Free orange juice and yogurt every morning, spacious rooms, free wifi, hip atmosphere, the bar is always packed on weekends, there are even computers in the lobby for those who didn't bring their laptops. It clearly aims to be the W for the 20-something crowd.Location-wise it's in a pretty unassuming neighborhood (it's a 5-min walk from the Old Street station), though there are a couple clubs nearby (e.g. Aquarium) getting somewhat popular. King's Cross is 2 stops away on the Tube.	
Feb 3 2009	great stay at hoxton	My fiancé and I stayed the weekend at the Hoxton - what a great hotel to stay at. The staff were really friendly and even though we turned up early, they found a room and let us check in straight away. The room was very nice, very clean as was the ensuite bathroom. The pret breakfast you get was really good too (orange juice, yoghurt and banana) and hanging outside your door at the requested time. Room had everything you needed (although an iron and ironing board would have been nice). The bar was very busy in the evening (everyone loves their cocktails here so be prepared to wait as almost every order they take is for a cocktail!) Many people seem to come here who are not staying at the hotel, it definitely has a nice vibe to it. Not sure what time the bar closes but we were there at 1am and it was still very busy.We asked for a room on a high floor after reading reviews on this site, and would agree that this would be advisable, not sure if you were on the first floor if you would hear the music from the bar. We stayed on 4th floor and heard nothing!You can park directly outside the rear of the hotel from 1.30 on Saturday and all day Sunday for free. Any other time is max of 2 hr stay and £4 an hour. I think there was a car park just down the road, not sure how much that was as we parked on the road. They have computers in the lobby that are free to use so you can surf the internet if you need to which is a great idea.The only downside to this hotel was the area. Not sure I would like to stay here on my own. It just seemed a little rough (although we saw no trouble at all). The tube station was a little rough too and there were a couple of beggars loitering around. As a couple or group I would say it was fine. Also I think if you were planning on visiting the West End, it would be easier for you stay at a hotel somewhere on the Piccadilly line. This hotel is on the Northern line, which means you have to take the Northern line to Euston, and then change tube and get on the Northern line heading towards Leicester Sq. Having said that though, it only took about 20/30 minutes to get to Leicester sq and the tubes run often enough that you never wait more than a couple of minutes. The tube station is a coupe of minutes walk from the hotel, so very convenient. I would definitely stay here again and recommend that you try it out!	
Feb 2 2009 	Loved it!	My partner and I both absolutely loved the Hoxton - our rate of £59 for a Saturday night was excellent value!The reception staff were very helpful and friendly on check-in and we were very impressed with the room. Its all the small touches that make the difference: fresh milk, water, free wi-fi, funky decor and the wonderful coffee bags!!!The bed was very comfortable and loved the bathroom.The area is the only downside, but we still had a great nigt out with friends in some great bars on Hoxton Square.	
Jan 29 2009	Super cool	Great hotel - clean, funky and just that little bit different.Just book in advance to get the cheap rooms.Loved the flat screen TV (with free internet) and even free music through the TV. There were stacks of albums to choose from, and they all came up as £0.00 cost.The area is not ideal, but its a funky area. Just need to have your wits about you and keep safe.	
Jan 27 2009 	Brilliant and great value	I really couldn't fault my stay here. The room was comfortable with a double bed, flatscreen tv, hairdryer, fridge with bottles of water and milk and real coffee too.No bath but a good big shower in the bathroom and I loved the 'breakfast in a bag' that was hung outside my room in the morning - banana, juice and a pot of yoghurt and granola. There was the option of a full English too. For £57 I thought this was amazing value.We ate in the restaurant and got 50% off food as a special offer was on if you ate before 7.30 (actually this meant ordered before 7.30 as we stayed there until 10pm).I'd definitely recommend this hotel - book via its website for the best offers.	
Jan 27 2009 	You can believe the hype!	Stayed here for two nights and for the first time ever we didn't check the reviews beforehand so I was a bit panicky as we made the short walk from the tube station to the hotel. I really shouldn't have worried, this place is a real gem! Relaxed, quirky, spotlessly clean, trendy and pleasantly unpretentious! Based on the price we paid I will admit my expectations weren't overly high but the Hox would have lived up to the ideals of even the most critical traveller. There's nothing stuffy, self-important or overpriced about it (three things which have made my stay at other London hotels feel like purgatory) even though it has the ambience and offerings of an exclusive, (and more than likely twice as expensive) quality hotel. Free internet access, free bottled water and (proper) milk in the fridge. Contemporary, comfortable rooms and styling, which is echoed throughout the rest of the hotel. The restaurant serves good food with a friendly smile and there are comfy leather sofas in the lobby/bar congregated around two roaring fires at either end. Perfect for relaxing with a glass or two of something lovely and watching the world go by! A fabulous find, and somewhere I'll definitely be booking again.	
Jan 24 2009 	Maybe not so good second time around.	Having already stayed at the Hoxton around 18 months ago, it didn't seem so special as the first time.We booked a meal in the restaurant in the evening and on our return to obtain our table we found that our table had been allocated to other guests, as we were told we had missed our booking time.We explained that we had not booked an earlier time as we would not have been able to get there in time due to traffic in London being so bad.We were however asked if we would like a table much later that night but we declined, so we went elsewhere. Our advice is when telephoning for a reservation if time allows ask for confirmation of date and time of your chosen time to avoid being left disappointed.Having now stayed here during the winter the rooms did seem on the cool side.This Hotel apart from these two grey area's is very handy for a short stay while in London.	
Jan 22 2009 	Friendly Comfy and Overall Absolutely Top Banana!!!	It's a simple as this:The Hoxton has got it spot on. It's different to other hotels I've visited, in that the Hoxton dispenses with the usual Hotel staples (exorbitantly priced extras, ridiculously small bath, hideously patterned bedspread) in favour of things people really want - gigantic power showers big enough for two, milk in your very own personal room fridge, yoghurt and juice in the morning, fabulously trendy bar, free internet terminals in reception, awesomely cool cushions on the crisp cotton bed...I could go on. Suffice to say The Hoxton knows its clientele and goes out of its way to give them what they want.Not only does the Hox have great facilities, the first thing that I noticed upon my arrival was the friendliness of the staff. Now I myself am a London veteran, but I do remember arriving for the first time worrying that the big city folk would be all cool and unapproachable. Nothing could be further from the truth at the Hoxton. From the reception staff to the waiting staff in the Grille restaurant, everyone went out of their way to make sure we had a good time. What tops off how fabulous the Hoxton is is the price - if you book in advance you can get an absolute bargain (we stayed for three nights for just under £150). As the Hox is only a couple of minutes from a tube to whizz you into central London, it's a totally bargainous minibreak.	
Jan 21 2009 	Funky Fun and Good Value	Not our first stay at the Hoxton, and yet again another great £1 Room Sale. The rooms are still great value at normal prices. The place is funky whilst not being completely Nathan Barley, and is in easy reach of Old Street Tube. We'll certainly keep coming back.	
Jan 18 2009 	Nifty	The Hoxton is very different - and I certainly mean that in a good way. They concentrate on providing things you actually want - like a pint of proper milk in a fridge. The room was clean and the staff very friendly. I loved the place and I'd certainly return.The pricing structure is from the Easyjet school and gets higher the closer it gets to the date of the stay. This does unfortunately make it a poor choice for a last minute break but if you can plan ahead you'll get a bargain.I'd also say that the hotel is a bit out of the way the area perhaps a little run down. This didn't put me off but it might not suit some people.	
Jan 18 2009 	Excellent place...loved it!	Great location, close to the best bits of shoreditch. Loved the log fires in the foyer and quirky design throughout. Very clean rooms, comfortable bed and fresh milk in the fridge which was just great. Overall a fab hotel...	
Jan 16 2009 	Brilliant!	They get all the big things right like comfy beds, nice bathrooms, good toiletries, place was spotless, friendly service, good design but it's the little things that really make the place stand out - free wi-fi, local guide, fresh milk and water in your fridge every day, nice toiletries and normal priced extras for sale in reception. Great location also, just a few minutes walk from Old Street tube and 10 minute walk to Liverpool Street Station so really handy if you're flying from Stansted and Hoxton has great nightlife and great shopping. Loved the Hoxton, great value for money and will definitely be back.	
Jan 13 2009 	Cost price Kit Kat Chunkies Beer and Crisps!	All the good things written here before are so true. This was the second time we had stayed at The Hoxton and it was just as good as the first. It's the little things that really do make this Hotel stand out. Like the free internet access in the lobby, water and milk in the fridge, good quality coffee, tea and toiletries in the room - really everything you could ask for. We were especially impresssed that you can buy chocolate, extra water, beer, crisps and wine at normal retail prices from reception! Plus all the staff are so friendly and helpful - not always the case in London hotels!	
Jan 11 2009 	Great value and cool atmosphere at the Hoxton Hotel	Super cool vibe and great pricing scheme. We only got to stay there for a night but the price was ridiculously low, and we had a great experience. Our room was stylish and comfortable - the kind of place you'd expect to pay 3 times as much for in London. The hotel restaurant was quite good, and there's free internet access and nice bath products in the room. Hoxton is a cool part of town although not really the best place to stay if you want to get all around town easily. Wish we'd had more time to enjoy the nightlife there!	
Jan 7 2009 	All the Rave is True	This hotel is definitely one of the better hotels we stayed in Europe. All the good reviews are on point. What we especially appreciated was the free wifi internet and the safe in our rooms. Also the lounge downstairs. It has two huge fireplaces on opposite ends, and a lively bar. Definitely cool scene to relax at the end of the day before sleeping. Thanks Hoxton, for such a cool, comfortable, affordable place for us weary travelers!	
Jan 7 2009 	An excellent choice	Nice design touches permeate this hotel, from the swooping eagle lights in the foyer to the &quot;flip&quot; plug-holes in the bathroom sink. The bed is wonderful, and the shower a decent size (although it did seem all hot water had been used up by 10am on a Saturday morning?!!). Free internet usage in the reception was most welcome. On check-in (and also check-out), the service was perhaps the friendliest I have ever had. The rooms were cleaned to a high standard each day, and you get free bottled Pret water, and fresh milk in your fridge. The food in Grille is pretty good. I had the corn-fed chicken with Tarragon and Wild Mushroom sauce with garlic mash which was very tasty, and the Grille fry-ups for breakfast are also recommended. The hotel is a short walk from Old Street tube station, and well located to some bars and restaurants on Great Eastern Street.The Hoxton is a great stay, and has the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in! Highly recommended and at such a decent price, you really cannot go wrong.	
Jan 3 2009 	Love love love it!!!	This hotel is amazing. We stayed here with friends for our New Year getaway and we were all very impressed. Deco, rooms, bar and staff all very clean and contemporary and the atmosphere is fab. We spent the afternoon supping cocktails, (expensive, but what isn't in London?) which were supplied by a lovely, very chatty and charming waitress. However, be warned, we were quite happy to go to the bar to be served and if we had have done, we would have saved ourselves £15 on her service charge, (we were unaware we would be charged extra just for drinks)! The hotel is quite a trek from the tourist areas of London but the tube is only a two minute walk away. However, there are loads of cool bars and restaurants in Shoreditch so next time we would probably stay local. The hotel also does a great unbiased review leaflet which can be picked up from your room- definitely worth a look!Overall, we all thoroughly enjoyed our stay, we loved the healthy breakfast too- left in a small paper bag on our door handle! A yummy yoghurt, fresh orange juice and a banana (a great healthy hangover cure!!!!). Can't wait for our next visit!	
Dec 31 2008 	What Excellent Value For Money	We were really impressed with the Hoxton. It is fantastic value - we paid £59, the same as we had paid for an apallingly dreay travel lodge room but it couldn't have been more different.The rooms are small but very clean and well furnished with very comfortable beds, (with large cushions, cotton sheets and extra duvets and pillows) settee, desk and a flat screen TV on a swivel stand so you can watch it from the bed or the settee without straining your neck. There was a thermostat in the room so we could control the heating to suit ourselves which was a bonus on a very cold night. The shower was great - and the free aveda toiletries and pears soap were a nice touch. As for the free extras - why can't other hotels provide a fridge, corkscrew, wine glasses, mugs (not tiny cups), proper water glasses (so you don't have to use the tooth mugs) fresh milk, bottled water, twinings tea, hairdryers that actually blow out enough hot air to dry your hair , internet access and newspapers, all free of charge. It makes such a refreshing change to have these items all supplied as standard. We liked the healthy pret breakfast that was included in the price too - filled the gap till we found a coffee shop ;-) The staff were all lovely - friendly,helpful and polite. We did not try the restuarant or bar; breakfast looked to be a reasonable price but other meals and snacks seemed expensive.Downsides - not enough towels - one large and one small towel to share between two adults is simply not enough. The rooms were also very overlooked so net curtains would be a good idea. The hotel is a fair distance from the West End too, so we would not stay here if we were going to a show. But these are small points and the hotel itself is such a friendly, well equipped, value-for-money place that we whole heartedly recommend it.	
Dec 30 2008 	Best Kept Secret - Hoxton Hotel	As an American vacationing in London for the 1st time I was hesitant on what a &quot;deal&quot; the Hoxton appeared to be. It turned out to be not only a great deal but a great hotel overall. If I were to sum the hotel up in one word it would be &quot;trendy&quot;. The decor is modern and everything is new - from the flat panel TV to the extra large shower head with a personal sprayer.If you are looking for the stereotypical English hotel this is not the place to be. But if you want a great hotel with an &quot;in crowd&quot; feel this is it. The whole area is trendy with great night life. The hotel has a fantastic restaurant and bar. Every night the bar filled up with young professionals there for a drink - yet it was quiet and subdued.The fantastic value of this hotel extended beyond the daily room rate. It came with free internet, and phone rates of 5 cents a minute to the US and 3 cents local. It also came with a healthy breakfast of yogurt, granola, banana and juice. The staff is made up of young folks that were friendly and helpful.This hotel is one of best kept secrets of the Londoners. Most of the guests and bar patrons were British. The one down side of this is they do not exchange foreign currency at the hotel. The do however have an ATM machine and if you need to change currency the Post Office is just minutes walk away next to the Old street tube station.For vacationers like myself and my family, this hotel is not located in central London where all the sights are. However, with London's subways and taxis, this was not an issue; the hotel is located in London eastside. The money I saved was well worth the extra minutes that I had to travel. Most London hotels were around 200-300 GBP; I paid an average of 90GBP per night.The only downside to this hotel is the neighborhood. While it is not a run down dangerous neighborhood, it does look a bit like a neighborhood in transition. In a couple of years I think this will be a very nice fashionable neighborhood. Even now, a few blocks from the hotel are lots of nice restaurants and shops.Overall this is a great hotel for folks on vacation. While I would not recommend kids younger than teens (only because I did not see any there and it does have that trendy club feel to it) it is great for everyone else. In my group we ranged from late 50s to late teens and we all had a great time at the Hoxton.	
Dec 29 2008 	Brilliant!	The Hoxton is amazing! We got a room for £29 but for the whole price it would be value for money. Two minutes walk from Old Street tube station, great bed and duvet, flat screen TV, comp milk and water in a fridge in the room, good coffee and tea selection with kettle, groovy shower, clean, modern deco - and if the free breakfast isn't to your taste you can get a bacon sandwich in the restaurant. This is where we'll stay in London from now on.	
Dec 23 2008	Funky Boutique Hotel	We booked a 2 night stay directly with the hotel. We paid £59 per room per night. This was excellent value for money. The hotel is located near shoreditch and is excellent for local bars. It is a bit of a journey from the main touist sights and shopping areas (oxford st). The rooms are small but perfectly formed and the showers are excellent.	
Dec 11 2008 	Fab hotel with a real buzz about it	The Hoxton was used as a base for our xmas party which was held at the Comedy Cafe 5 mins away. the Hotel is on a busy street so ask for a room on Willow St which is quieter, the rooms are slightly smaller than average but well designed with a comfy bed.Real milk in the fridge, really nice bathroom (fab shower) with aveda smellysDidn't eat there but had a drink or two in the bar the which where typical London prices, after a great evening at the Comedy Cafe we all wandered back to the Hotel for a quite night cap how wrong we where it was absolutely buzzing with lots of locals dancing and having great time so we joined in, one of our party went to her room on the first floor to put on her dancing shoes and on returning she said there was no noise at all from the barorange juice was very welcome in the morning as was the price only £59!! take a tip from me only book direct from the hotel site as its the cheapest	
Dec 7 2008 	Great Hotel	Was recommended the hotel by a colleague. If you book in advance you have to pay up front and there are no refunds on cancellation. Only 2 Minuites walk from Old Street Tube.The hotel atmosphere is informal and friendly and they maintain excellent service standards and facilities. Rooms are well equipped, clean and to a good standard for the star rating. Free internet access throughout the hotel is a bonus. Free newspapers daily (Guardian Mon-Sat and Observer on Sunday) Free water in rooms as well as Milk, coffee (also decaf), tea and herbal teas. A pret a manger cold breakfast is supplied free on request daily which consists of a banana, yoghurt and orange juice. A half decent 24 hour room service menu is a bonus. The restaurant grill serves a great breakfast at a fair price, its not extensive but the service is very good and they do a vegetarian fried option (but without beans?). The dinner menu is reasonable but not many decent balanced vegetarian options. In the evenings the hotel lobby is always atmospheric and the open fires are a fine welcome home after a long cold day in London, although I was not impressed with the drinks waitresses.... on my first evening stay (Thursday) my group waited over 20 minutes for just 2 additional beers, we eventually went ourselves to get our order from the bar and the waitress insisted that she still added her service charge to the bill. This is not very professional and certainly not the standard of service we expected from a 4 star hotel. Nevertheless as we had more pressing issues to deal with we let it go on the night... but it certainly has not been forgotten... so be warned! That aside The Hoxton Lodge Hotel is a great place to stay for business and leisure and it does great advance rates for the weekend traveller too. Improvements I would recommend are that as a lady traveller, baths are preferred and supplies of ladies toiletry disposal requirements in the rooms should be mandatory. It is worth noting the rooms on the willow street side have great views but are also are all overlooked by offices and as the office staff are in work very early in the morning and also very late in the evenings, the addition of plain net curtains on the windows would be beneficial for some privacy. Overall the Hoxton Lodge Hotel is a friendly informal and efficient hotel, I will definitely return again but it would not be my first choice when travelling alone.	
Dec 3 2008 	Very Smart Hotel	Time doesn't permit me to write everything I appreciated about this hotel. Overall, it was evident that the management is most interested in guest satisfaction - detailed care, without the frills. From the design of the room (smart use of space, cozy, clean, modern), to the light breakfast in a bag (healthy, convenient), to storing our luggage on our last day after checking out so we could do some more sight-seeing (an extra mile i didn't expect). Thoughtful care went into the entire design of this hotel, yet I didn't feel I had to pay extra for anything. Loved everything about it. Thank you, Hoxton, for a wonderful stay. Hope to be back soon.	
Dec 2 2008 	Marvellous - loved everything	Stayed here for 1 night after it was recommended to me by a friend. I bought it on the special web sale that the hotel runs so paid the amazing price of £30 for a double room! What can I say? Everything was perfect.I have stayed in many hotels over the years and this is probably only one of two that I cannot think of a single problem - it completely exceeded my expectations.From the warm arrival by the receptionist, to the Aveda products in the bathroom - everything seemed to be perfect. I was delighted with the room's decor, the comfortable bed with very good bed linen, the milk and water in the fridge, the Pret breakfast, the power shower etc etc.The management of this hotel need to be applauded for their attention to detail - they seem to take interest in what their guests want and do their upmost to ensure everything is perfect.This was my first stay here and I very much look forward to returning soon.	
Nov 25 2008 	FAB fab fab... Amazing Hotel	I was completely blown away by this hotel. Everything was fabulous. The interiors are amazing, witty and modern. The lobby is a hip local hangout with two huge old fireplaces, which makes for a great place to have a nightcap before retiring to your room. The rooms, tho small by American standards (even compared to NYC), are very efficiently laid out, with great bed/pillows/linens, really nice standup showers with overhead spray. The modern heat/air system is super quiet. They leave a little breakfast bag by your door every morning - yogurt/granola, banana, juice and coffee/tea... a healthy, quick snack to get you out the door exploring London. The staff were all helpful and accommodating. ALL that for a very cheap (for London) price. Neighborhood is great too. Hoxton/Shorditch area is a hip, up-and-coming neighborhood. Hotel is a few blocks from an Underground Station (Old Street). There are some fantastic retail shops and restaurants in the near vicinity... the kinds of places locals shop.I cannot recommend this hotel enough. It's off the beaten path for most tourist, but that is a good thing. You are still close to Soho, Piccadilly and all the sights of London, but without being in the middle of a tourist mob-scene and international brand stores like the Gap on every corner (like Piccadilly or Time Square).	
Nov 18 2008 	Great boutique hotel	This is a hidden gem in London, next to Old Street Station. It's a boutique hotel run by Pret A Manger. Great food, good bar, really friendly staff, clean and nice rooms with lots of nice touches. I really like this place and stay here when on business and pleasure. There's some amenities close by and it is only about 400 metres from the tube station. You get a free breakfast delivered to the room too of yoghurt, orange juice and a banana which is handy when on the move. Sometimes they have room sales for £1 a room too but I've never been fortunate enough to get one but it's worth paying their normal rates in my view. The restaurant staff are very helpful and go out of their way to tailor dishes and food to suit dietary requirements. They made me a beautiful exotic fruit salad which was not on the menu, all I had to do was ask.	
Nov 11 2008 	very good but a few let downs	This is a hotel that tries incredibly hard to be something different and I think on that score it deserves a 10. think funky décor, low lighting, dark wood, its cetainly not your sterile chain hotel.Bathroom was a good size, lovely large shower and plenty of counter space. Aircon was a plus. The room also had a fridge though which was a bonus and there were some nice extras – bottled water, fresh milk, bottle opener, breakfast brought to your room (this was good though repetitive as each day it was always OJ, banana, red fruit granola yoghurt). You were given a brown bag which you had to tick regarding the number of people and the time you wanted your breakfast. There was free wifi and internet access in the lobby, newspapers morning and evening and cheap phone calls.I wasn’t that impressed by the menu of the Grille downstairs so didn’t eat there but there are various dining options a short walk from the hotel.The location was fine for me as it was near my course however it was not ideal for sightseeing etc at the weekend – Liverpool Street Station (circle, central, district lines) is a good 10mins walk away. Old Street (Northern line) is closer. Brick Lane and Spitalfields though were both within walking distance which redeemed it slightly for me. There were a few issues though that I have to mention like the fact that I found not one but a pair of dried up old disposable contact lenses on the carpet by the bed when I first checked in and then peanuts when I returned later in the week. Do they not hoover?? The white bedclothes were clean but did have marks / stains. I couldn’t fit my laptop in the safe. Saturday night you could hear the music from the bar in my room (435).So would I stay there again? Yes but not at the prices that my company paid. I believe they offer some good deals throughout the year so it might be worth picking up one of those simply to have the experience of staying here but I don’t think I would use it as a base for exploring London.	
Nov 10 2008 	Happy hols at the Hoxton	Have just come back from spending 3 nights at the Hoxton hotel. I asked for a quiet room and was given one(4th floor overlooking the courtyard) The rooms are small but the bathroom is nice with a modern shower. The towels are big and fluffy. Nice touches like real milk in the fridge and free bottled water. The best bit was the comfy bed. I want to buy duck down pillows now.Staff are very helpful.The Hoxton Grille restaurant has a lot of improving to do to match the standard of the hotel.	
Nov 10 2008 	Excellent Value for Money	This isn't the most luxurious hotel I've stayed in but it doesn't try to be. For under £100 per night in London, it is excellent value for money and feels more of a treat than a Travelodge or Premier Inn which is what it's up against in the same budget category. It's not The Berkeley with it's trendy Blue Bar or the Mandarin Bar at the Mandarin - Oriental but it doesn't try to be and it doesn't charge those prices. I bough a Snickers bar from reception and it was 50p - minimum markup - that was a nice surprise.We usually stay in the West end but thought it would be a change to stay slightly more East this time and go to some new places as opposed to the usual Oxford Street, Covent Garden, Leicester Square haunts. Also we had tickets to go to Twickenham on the Saturday and wanted to get the train there from Waterloo so being on the Northern line worked out better.It's about 5 minutes from Old Street station and it can be a little seedy when right outside the Tube stop but nothing scary. Bit like Kings Cross really. The bar / restaurant area are in better condition than the corridors and rooms but that's not to say the rooms are in poor nick. I found reception helpful, the bar buzzy and the room more than acceptable for 2 nights.The bed was firm and comfortable with smooth bedsheets that were a pleasure to sleep in unlike the rough, overly starched hospital like ones that are commonly used in the big chains. The shower is powerful and the bathroom a good size. Like others have commented we loved the fresh milk and water in the fridge as well as the Pears soap and Pret breakfast. They provide a guide and map of the area which was useful for us being newies to the locality.We ate at Fifteen the first night which was a little further out (still not far though) than I thought it would be. And if you're planning to do this and want to go for drinks beforehand, I'd advise you to drink in the hotel as between the the hotel and Fifteen there aren't any decent pubs / bars. Second night we went to Hoxton Square and ate in one of the noodle bars there which was ok.The Hoxton is in a great location for places like Borough Market and Spitalfields and we had a great time exploring these areas as an alternative to the West End.Things that weren't quite so good and these are minor points really. Hairdryer is weak but I always bring my own as hotel hairdryers are always a bit pathetic. The towels in our room were a little old - a bit thin and rough as turning slightly grey in colour. Our room faced the street so there was noise but we are in London so traffic noise comes with the territory really. The mirror on the dressing table is a little high up so when you sit in the chair you can't see yourself and the lighting isn't the best either. But like I said, these are all minor quibbles. And I'm sure I'd have minor quibbles if I'd had stayed at the Ritz!We have booked to stay again as we feel that The Hoxton represents excellent value for money. Our experience was good and the bill was better. I think our positive experience is much to do with the fact that we didn't feel ripped off which sometimes happens with the more upmarket places.	
Nov 8 2008	very nice - no complaints	thought this hotel was really nice. the lobby and bar area is large but cosy at the same time. the staff are helpful and allowed us to check our bags in before the room check in. there is free wi-fi which is very handy. we stayed high up and had a really good view of the some famous london buildings.the rooms are quite small but there is everything you need. fridge, tv, desk, comfy bed and the bathroom was very nice with a super power shower. the free breakfast was also a nice touch. (orange juice, yoghurt and a banana). i would stay here again	
Nov 6 2008 	Great hotel!	Drove up with my husband and daughter (11) to stay at the Hoxton for the October Half term. Easy to park. The staff were great and accommodating of three to a room, though initially we had a room which had an adjoining door, which was quite noisy. The staff were more than happy to move our room for us, though fully apologetic that the new room would be smaller, not that we could tell!Really clean and well cared for. Shower room was bliss with full size soaps.Easy walking distance from Spittlefields/ Liverpool St main line and Old St tube is throwing distance from the hotel.Will be staying again. Excellent value at weekends and as expected cost for week nights. Hotel has an excellent online booking system and regular deals.	
Oct 24 2008 	For Every Good There is a Bad...	Dependent on what you're looking for, this may or may not be the perfect hotel for you. I wanted someplace uber trendy and fun to stay with my husband (similar to the Tigerlily in Edinburgh) this place came kinda close - it was trendy/modern. The bar/restaurant attached to the hotel always had folks in it (and was pretty hopping on Fri/Sat nights), there are 4 computers just off of the lobby with free internet access, and the furniture/decor were very modern. The room itself was a pretty decent size. Big enough for a queen bed, small couch, and a desk. The desk was great because it actually had 4 plugs! For those who are used to searching the room high and low for a single plug, this was fantastic. Desk contained a hot water heater and cups and glasses for tea/coffee. The coffee was the pouch type (actually pretty tasty) and was dutifully replaced every day. The fresh milk in the fridge was a nice touch as were the 2 water bottles also replaced daily. The bed was great, albeit, a bit too soft (can you believe it?) for me. The room was kept really clean, no complaints there. The flat screen TV was nice because it could be moved/rotated to face the bed. The bathroom was also clean and large enough for 2 people to both keep their toiletries on the sink. My only complaint was that the bathroom amenities only included a bar soap (which smelled great and which they recommend you take home - it's a full size bar), a small shampoo and a small shower gel. There was no lotion or conditioner. On the other hand, the products were Aveda so, you give to get. Just a warning that you'll want to bring your own products. No complaints overall on the room. Moving on to the staff, however. Overall, I would give the staff an &quot;E&quot; for effort because they tried hard but a &quot;F&quot; on actual knowledge. On our first night, we asked where the nearest bus stop was and were given blank stares. The next day we asked how to get to the Frieze art show and were again looked at oddly. There was a stack of newspapers on the counter which had, in a large banner, &quot;FRIEZE ART SHOW&quot; and the dates. So, we pointed this out and said we wanted to go there and could she tell us where the park was. No, she couldn't. We also asked if she could tell us how to get to a movie theater located &quot;on the mall&quot; and were asked, &quot;which mall?&quot; It became apparent quite quickly that there was a reason for those 4 computers with internet access....Finally, the location. It was a good 7+ minute walk to the tube, so, not exactly right around the corner. The area itself was a bit sketchy compared to the rest of London. There were some bars, but, definitely a younger (read: late teens to mid-20s) crowd. Not really a lot of restaurants. However, we only walked left out of the hotel, we never explored what was right. We found that catching the bus (once we found out where the stops were) was actually a good way to go to get around. The hotel itself wasn't bad, just not great for first time visitors. I'd probably recommend someplace in the Kensington area first.	
Oct 17 2008 	Excellent vaue for money	Sad but true: Accommodation within the inner City of London is either hardly affordable or substandard. There is, however, a third choice since the Hoxton opened its gates in 2006. Within the Borough of Hackney, but adjacent to the City of London, the newly built Hoxton offers the quality &amp; comfort of a **** design hotel at rates, which can be as low as B&amp;B. Bookings can be placed no more than approximately 4 months in advance and rates tend to rise up to average business hotel level when booking is placed with little or no time in advance (similar to airfare pricing). Booking is easy via the website of the Hoxton hotel - actually I think there is no other way. Your credit card will be balanced instantly and there is no refund in case of later cancellation. With that in mind, it is a good idea to book as early as your travel plans are decided &amp; scheduling is final.The stylish rooms are not huge but reasonably spaced (same for the bathroom featuring a shower cabin). Flat screen TV &amp; water boiler for tea and coffee are provided, as well as a fridge and a safe for valueables .Full or continental breakfast is not included but upon request a paper bag with a free morning snack will cling to your door handle. The Hoxton lacks a fitness room, but free access to a nearby fitness center is granted to hotel guests.There are also conference rooms with media support for rent.Within the Borough of Hackney the Hoxton is located at the tip to the City of London, roughly where Shoreditch &amp; Hoxton meet. This area used to be pretty run down, but started to attract more and more young &amp; creative folks on their search for affordable housing, having made it a center of the London art scene. This area appears to be gaining permanently. Brick Lane &amp; Spitalfields Market are within walking distance. Old Street, the closest Underground station, is no more than a 5 minutes walk away, even Liverpool Street is within walking distance, which comes in handy when flying in via Stansted with light baggage.Especially on weekend evenings the beautifully designed lobby as well as the coctail bar and the hotel restaurant become real busy as many nightbirds from outside the hotel flock in.	
Oct 14 2008 	Great hotel great location nothing bad to say.	Stayed for 2 nights at the Hoxton on a Friday and Saturday. As soon as you enter the modern, artistic reception/bar area you are greeted with warm Hoxton friendliness. The staff are welcoming and the decor is contemporary.Ask for a room on a high floor in order to get away from the noise in the bar, as yes it is noisy until the DJ finishes. The rooms are spot on. Everything you need from a hotel. Comfy bed and pillows. Fab rain shower! Even down to the detail of a carton of milk in the fridge and 2 bottles of water, plus coffee and tea.The free breakfast bag is a nice touch and the prices for breakfast are not bad for London (£8 for a full fry up).Would recommend without doubt. Prices are low and well worth the extra to the cost of a travelodge/premier inn.	
Oct 10 2008 	Everything I wanted from a hotel	Everything I wanted from a hotel. Great room, everything worked well, free wired or wireless net access via laptop, or use the flatscreen tv. Overlooked some office and little college, outdoor partying in progress but not excessively noisy. Small supermarket opposite hotel. Very nicely styled room, very comfortable. Very large open reception and bar area, though didn't use this. Would make a good rendezvous point. Probably a very good hotel if you were going clubbing. I doubt they'd raise an eyebrow no matter how outrageous you looked. Cool easygoing staff.Breakfast is by pret a manger and is left hanging on your door handle overnight. Not a huge meal, but certainly to my taste.I would recommend this to anyone that likes a &quot;younger&quot; hotel.Website booking wouldn't work, so phoned them and got a price lower than lastminute - paid 85 quid for a lovely spacious double.I regard this place as my number 1 choice.	
Oct 10 2008 	It's true!	OK, a lot of enthusiastic reviews, a design hotel in the middle of a trendy and young London area (Shoreditch) with underground and nice markets just minutes away, fair price: where is the problem? No problem: everything is true.Hoxton is that nice hotel whith that nice price: stylish room with big bath room, free Internet (wifi and cable) everywhere, light breakfast from Pret-a-manger included.I'll come here for sure next time in London.	
Oct 8 2008	Cool	Great hotel, stilish, hip, super clean in the middle of a cool neighborhood. Underground station just a few minutes walk, the hotel is modern and essential but with personal style.Rooms comfortable and well equipped, good size bed and bathroom (great shower), excellent bath stuff (great soap and foam).In the evening expect crowds in the lounge, nice people.Don't miss a walk in Hoxton, Shoreditch, Brick Lane and Spitafields market on Sundays, you can walk there.I will absolutely come again.	
Oct 7 2008 	Hip and cheap as chips!	This is my hotel of choice when working in London - close to work in Shoreditch and handy for Old St and LIverpool St stations with a friendly, relaxed and stylish vibe to it.It's like they focus grouped everything that's essential/superfluous in your usual hotel room and added in a few home comforts - big ticks for the free wifi, comfy beds with white linen, mugs for tea and REAL MILK (when did you last see that in a £79 hotel room?), Pear's soap and a few luxuries like Aveda shampoo (instead of useless body lotion and travel kits) and 'rain' /Japanese shower options.Breakfast is a brown bag from Pret outside your door - OJ, fruit/yoghurt/granola cup and a banana and my only quibble is that room service is quite limited and stops at 11pm.It's a winning cheap chic formula - can't wait too see it rolled out around the UK. Great deals and promotions via their website too.	
Oct 6 2008 	What a perfect place for a girl's night out base!	Recently had a group booking of 8 rooms for a hen weekend. We stayed at the Hoxton as it was central for us all to get to and central to where we wanted to go. It was great! A little pricey in the Grille but it was good food. The decor was great. Very trendy. Staff were incredibly helpful and friendly and polite. We were there as a hen party so we appreciated a late bar and it being quite noisy. Would have been a different story if we'd been with the other halves and/or kids. The rooms were really nice. The shower could have done with being a little more powerful. A small trickle doesn't do the hangover any favours! Would heartily recommend.	
Oct 6 2008 	Believe the hype..	It must be easy to get carried away with the awards and the newspaper name checks, but the Hoxton is a rare creature - a hotel that delivers on the promise. Don't get me wrong, the Hoxton is not The Bonham, or Westbury - but it is everything you need in a hotel. From the comfortably cool decor, through the friendly (yes - you read that right!) staff to the small but perfectly formed rooms, the Hoxton is effortless. Rooms are not huge - in fact about the size of a decent travelodge room - but comfortable beds, simple but effective decor and excellent bathrooms (great shower) make up. Add in free high speed wifi throughout, free morning Guardian and a simple but tasty restaurant and you have a winning formula. All within 15 minutes walk of the City (and on the 55 bus route to Oxford St). The earlier you book, the cheaper it is. Going to prove that affordable and hospitable in London is indeed possible.	
Oct 5 2008 	Loved it	This place is excellent. I stayed for 3 nights whilst on a training course for work. The bar and restaurant within the hotel adds a great atmosphere at the hotel lobby/reception area. Absolutely spotless rooms, very comfortable beds and really nice bathrooms (i'm very fussy so they must be good). Free WiFi for everybody and the reception has a small shop where you can buy chilled beers, wine, champagne at shop prices not hotel prices.The breakfast which is included in the price of the room is small and is left outside your room at the time you request (a pret a manger breakfast - yoghurt, banana and fresh orange juice.) You can choose to have a cooked breakfast at the grille restaurant downstairs at extra cost. The coffee in the room is really nice too and they provide mini bottles of fresh milk and water which is also complementary.I'd definitely recommend this place and would stay again if i visited London. My partner was well and truly fed up of me going on about it when i got home and thinks i must be on some kind of commission. It really is a good place to choose and only a few mins walk from Old St tube.	
Oct 3 2008 	Can be very noisy - avoid 1st floor	My main recommendation is to avoid the 1st floor (or 2nd level for Americans). I stayed there recently on a Friday night and the noise from the DJ in the bar below was unbearable. I called the reception and asked for earplugs but they didn't stock them. They said the bar closed at 1.30am, fortunately the music stopped at 1am. I was unable to sleep until the music stopped (there can't have been adequate sound proofing as it was very loud). I imagine it's similar on a Saturday night.I should qualify the above by saying I've stayed at the Hoxton quite a few times on Friday nights prior to that and have not had a problem with noise, but my most recent stay was the first time I'd stayed on the 1st floor.The HH has very comfortable beds and a bathroom with shower/toilet/sink. The reception and corridors have an industrial feel. You get 2 free bottles of water, a carton of milk and free breakfast if you remember to put the paper bag on the hook outside your room. Most other supplies are available cheaply downstairs or at the Costcutter shop across the road. There were free Guardian newspapers in reception in the morning.A few times I've stayed there's only been one set of towels so I've had to request another for my partner.The location isn't great if you're planning on being in central London - but it's easy enough to get the Northern line to Kings X then the Victoria Line to Oxford Circus.If you stay Sat night then on Sunday mornings it's definitely worth visiting the Columbia Road flower market which is about 10 mins walk from the hotel (ask reception for directions). It's not just flowers - along Columbia Road there's plenty of interesting shops with paintings, cakes and so on. I've spotted celebrities both times I've been.There are also lots of good and cheap Vietnamese restaurants on Kingsland Road (about 5 mins walk) - do some research on the internet if you're interested.The free internet access via wifi or ethernet is okay for recreational use. But I found when using ethernet network access, advertisements for the Hotel's network provider were inserted into web pages I was browsing and this prevented me logging into work's VPN. I had to use a 3G card on my laptop instead.	
Oct 2 2008 	Good bargain hotel in a quirky part of London	If you can grab a bargain rate (ours was £79 each night) then you have got yourself a very good deal. If I paid full price (£179) then there are better hotels to be found in central London for that rate.You need to be able to be a good sleeper as there is lots of traffic noise, and the age-old problem of drunk people being loud in the corridor outside your room in the early hours, plus the usual poor soundproofing between rooms. I was woken up by a couple who were rather noisy in bed in one of the rooms above!A 5-10 minute walk brings you to the old Shoreditch market area, which is buzzing with bars, quirky shops and restaurants. It has the bonus of being around the corner from Liverpool Street. This area fills up very quickly on Sunday mornings for people browsing the flea market and having brunch al fresco.I would stay here again. I think that the foyer area can sem a bit intimidating for first-timers as I was not sure if this was a hotel or a bar or a club. Lots of people hanging out, trying to look cool but wanting to be noticed.	
Oct 1 2008 	Loved it so much just booked to stay again!	I was booked to stay at the Hoxton for a business trip so wasn't sure of the rates or what to expect.On arrival, you just know the Hoxton will be a little different! The entrance has a relaxed feel with a bar and big lazy leather chairs. The decor is very modern with arty lighting but without looking pretentious. The staff are all young and 'hip' looking but very very helpful and friendly.My double room was just the right size to be small yet comfortable. I love the fact that you get big coffee mugs so can make a decent cuppa with real milk in a carton in the fridge! It was also great to get bottles of water replenished each day. The little breakfast bag that you can get in the morning is also a nice quirky touch.The bedroom is decorated in the same modern style as the rest of the hotel and really does live up to its 'urban chic' tagline. The flat screen television can be angle to watch in bed while luxuriating on the big comfy cushions.The wetroom style of the bathroom is also really well done as is the addition of the real Pears soap. Remember to take your own toiletries with you as you only get soap and shampoo here.I really enjoyed my stay and the atmosphere in this hotel is so relaxed and unpretentious that I've just booked it again for a leisure trip.The hotel is a short walk to Old Street station and not even 10 minutes from Liverpool Street. Well worth a visit!	
Sep 23 2008 	A very pleasant surprise	My boyfriend and I live in London, but booked the hotel through their £1 room sales, for a change of scenery.We weren't expecting much, given we'd only paid £30. But we were really pleasantly surprised.Firstly, the area. As the name suggests, the hotel is in Hoxton. Some people might think this is quite scruffy, and see this as a negative. However, while it isn't very pretty, it is really quite a nice part of town, full of trendy bars and restaurants. Transport wise, there is a tube station 3 mins up the road, and loads of cabs always going past the hotel.The arty nature of the area is reflected in the decor of the hotel, which is contemporary and industrial. The rooms have got nice little design touches and the bar serves modern cocktails.The staff we encountered were all very friendly and helpful and there are nice touches in the hotel, such as free newspapers and breakfasts.The room was a decent size and the bed was very comfy (if I was going to have one gripe, I'd say the bed was a little smaller than you usually find in hotels, but let's be honest, I paid £30 for a room!)All in all, a great hotel.Probably not the part of London to stay in if you are a family wanting to do lots of sightseeing.But if you are group of friends, or a couple, wanting to be close to the cool bars and near the the tube stations, you could do a lot worse than stay here	
Sep 20 2008 	Great experience	I couldn't really believe that I got such a great price on this hotel considering what I saw on their website. It looked like a fantastic, if unbelievable, value. I was not disappointed.Let me start by saying that the hotel is not in a great location. It is just a short walk from Old Street station which means it is easily accessible by tube, and it is a slightly longer but not too long of a walk from Liverpool Street station, which makes it very convenient by bus. However, there's not a lot going on (nightlife or sights) in this area itself.That said, the hotel is very modern and has a very low-key, no-frills attitude, without sacrificing the accommodations. The front desk staff are very approachable and friendly, and the rooms are small but nicely appointed. Our twin room had two beds (very comfortable) each with their own nightstand and a chaise by the window. There's a fridge in the room, in which you receive two free bottles of water every day. There's also free Wifi. The desk even had a wine opener in it.The bathroom was quite nice, with a nice glass-enclosed shower and plenty of counter space. There was only one bar of soap, which was kind of odd - we had to keep moving it between the sink and the shower.You receive the free breakfast in a paper bag which you hang outside your room before you go to bed. You receive in it the next morning an orange juice, banana, and a yogurt and granola parfait cup from the Pret. Its just enough to get you going in the morning, but big breakfast eaters may be a little hungry.One thing I thought was quite novel about this place: the ironing room. I always am frustrated by the lack of an iron in European hotels, so I was surprised when the front desk staff told me I could go to the 6th floor and iron in the &quot;ironing room&quot;. There literally are three irons and ironing boards there where you can iron your clothes without having to wait for an iron to be brought up to your already cramped room. Great idea!If you get a good price on this hotel I'd highly recommend it if you don't mind taking the tube (potentially for a long ride..) to wherever you may be headed.	
Sep 17 2008 	Fantastic experience	We stayed at the Hoxton on a Saturday night and were made to feel welcome from the moment we arrived. After bad experiences with other hotels we were pleased that the room was exactly as shown on the website and the breakfast in bed was a nice touch. The only downside was that we had arranged to go out that evening as the bar/restaurant was really busy, vibrant and had 30% off wine. We are definitely going back.	
Sep 12 2008 	Amazing hotel stay	We booked the hotel stay during the £1 sale and got our room for around £30, SUCH a bargain it was unbelievable. Lovely rooms, well furnished, if a little small. Nice little touches too, such as the Pret breakfast and real milk in your fridge. Good location too. Will definitely be back, even if we pay full price next time.	
Sep 7 2008 	Great design hotel at a budget price	The Hoxton is really a great hotel for anyone who wants to stay in the Shoreditch-area. I stayed there for 3 nights and really liked the place. Starting with the location: It is located close to (around 5 minutes, probably a little less) from Old Street Station. It is also possible to walk, around 8-10 mintues, from Liverpool Street station (can be more convenient depending on how and where you arrive to London). The Shoreditch area has an abundance of bars and clubs and also quite a few good restaurants. There are also a couple of markets during the weekends. It is also easy to head to other central parts of London so the location is great.The check-in at the hotel was swift and easy. The staff was very friendly and we got to choose between a room facing the yard or the street. I would recommend getting on facing the yard, although there is not much traffic at night the street may still be a bit noisy considering the bars and stuff located close by. It is also worth noting that the hotel also has a bar and restaurant so it tends to get rather rowdy downstairs during weekends but we couldn’t hear any noise in the room.The room was nice, clean and roomy. There was a large bed, a small sofa and a desk. The bed was quite comfortable and there was a flat screen TV. The only drawback with the TV was the location. It had been placed so the angle made it difficult (but not impossible) to see it from the bed. It was clear that they made an effort to have a pretty clean design and I think they made a pretty good job. There was also coffee, tea, and mineral water provided (for free) in the room. There was also hair-dryer, water boiler, safe and iron provided. The bath room was rather large; there was no bath tub, only a shower. All of it seemed recently renovated (as did the room). There was soap and shampoo provided. My girlfriend thought it was strange that they did not provide conditioner.There is breakfast included (it is delivered to your room.) Basically you hang a paper bag outside the room (stating what time you want breakfast for and how many people). Then you’ll find a bag outside the room in the morning. It is not a big breakfast but still pretty nice with fresh OJ, banana, yogurt with muesli and some days something extra (seems to be for holidays, we got some sweets with breakfast when it was a bank holiday).Other things worth mentioning is that they have free Internet (if one has a lap-top there is free WiFi or one can use the computers down-stairs). The staff is also very helpful, they had several good recommendations in the area. Perhaps the best part is that such a good hotel is rather cheap. Booking rather well in advance it only set us back £59 per night (in total £177).	
Sep 3 2008 	Absolutely superb!	We stayed at the Hoxton for 3 nights at the end of July, and got one of their special low rate deals for one night, and the total package was £168 for two people for three nights.Arrived in reception and were immediately advised that our room was going to be nearer the lifts as their was some building work further up the hotel which was fab, we were in a room that looked straight down over the court yard.We ate dinner and breakfast in the hotel once and could not fault it. The rooms were a little on the small size but had everything you need and I just loved it, the special little touches like fresh milk in the fridge and the pret-a-manger breakfast bag.An ideal base for exploring London, only 5 minutes from a tube stop, and although we had trouble getting back one night as we missed the last tube, and struggled for a taxi, we still had a great time in a lovely hotel!The staff were all really friendly and polite and full of information if you needed it...Would I stay again - definately!	
Sep 3 2008	Absolutely excellent	We stayed at The Hoxton for four nights. It's only two years old so everything has the new feel to it. The rooms are trendy, spacious enough and finishes are luxurious. The bathroom was large and the room was well equipped. It was very clean and comfortable. Each morning we were provided with a paper bag on the door handle that had youghurt &amp; muesli, juice and a piece of fruit each - very nice! Staff was very friendly too.The only downside was that there was a door (locked, obviously) between us and the neighouring room. It wasn't very soundproof and on couple of the nights we were slightly disturbed by the loud conversations the neighbour was having. The location is handy, it's a few minutes away from the tube 'Old Street Station' and there are plenty of restaurants and bars in the area for nightlife.We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and I would not hesitate to recommend this place for everyone travelling to London.	
Aug 29 2008 	An absolute gem!	Don't say it too loudly or everyone will book it up - the Hoxton is one of the best hotels in the UK and definitely the best I have stayed in in London. Where to start - the lovely, super helpful staff, the great bar/restaurant area, the little touches in the bedroom like fresh milk and the corkscrew? Or the wonderful rooms, home from home comfort and the fabulous rates to be had if you book early. A fab hotel which I hope to return to again very soon. Great location, great staff, super comfortable. Why can't there be one in every city?	
Aug 27 2008 	Not disappointed	Having read the glowing reviews of the Hoxton we thought it was probably going to be OK but you never can tell... Location is good. Old Street is not the most salubrious of areas but much better and busier than it used to be. It's also really central - easy to get into the West End and to the City and there's a lot going on locally too.The check-in was friendly and efficient. We asked for a quiet room and were allocated one at the top, back of the hotel. It was probably as good as it could be given that we were in central London.The room - it was as though someone had been listening to all the comments I'd ever made in other hotel rooms and had dealt with them all. The room was spotless, really clean. There was air conditioning but you could open the windows too. The bed was comfy. In addition to tea and coffee, herbal teas, decaffeinated coffee and fresh milk were provided. There was also a little fridge. The walk in shower in the bathroom had two shower heads - a fixed overhead power shower and a moveable 'wand' shower - genius! You also got a bar of Pears soap and the invitation to take it with you so no more wasting those little bars of soap you usually get. Plus v nice Aveda shampoo freebies. The room wasn't enormous but it was perfectly big enough and there was plenty of storage space. The only quibble, if forced to find one, is that I'd agree with a previous comment - better reading lights would be an improvement. But that's the worst thing I could find to say...The pret lite breakfasts were also a great idea!Being in Shoreditch and from the 'look' of the hotel, I was worried the Hoxton might be achingly trendy. But it wasn't - it's stylish but welcoming and there was a wide variety of people staying there - young, old, singles, couples, families and from all over the world - everyone seemed happy... A reasonably priced, well conceived and managed hotel. We already have a return visit booked. Hope they can keep the standards up.	
Aug 27 2008 	Wow Fantastic hotel	I have just spent 2 nights here over the August bank holiday. now reading the other reviews I paid a lot more for my room, £59 a night but I tell you what, it was worth every penny!!The decor of the hotel is industrial contemporary, unlike any hotel I've stayed in and I thought it was brilliant. One of the moans I often have is the quality of the bed, we have a good one at home and the ones in hotels are never as good, in this hotel the bed was better. Great nights sleep, excellent shower, nice TV, free internet, what can I say, I liked the room!!!As for food I usually never eat in hotels, I usually avoid inflated hotel prices and eat somewhere else. Not so here, we ate in the hotel twice and both times the food exceeded our expectations. The area is also good with a wide choice of cafes, restaurants and bars available from the basic to the trendy.The bottom line is when I stay in London this is the hotel I will try first	
Aug 26 2008 	really great hip hotel	Stayed there in June 2008 and returning in September... The staff is so wonderful and very accomodating. Every morning they have a free breakfast of banana, juice and yogurt and free bottles of water. The rooms are small, but very well kept and clean.Definitely would recommend it to anyone who wants a hassle-free stay in London. And it's close to the Old Street train station...	
Aug 25 2008 	Hoxton is brilliant!	Stayed 22-24th August 2008. for a family wedding..BRILLIANT HOTEL! All the staff were lovely and very helpful.The rooms were spotless,the bathroom was great. Nice that there was water and milk left in fridge,and lots of tea and coffee to use. The free safe was very handy.The Pret breakfast is a nice idea, but not filling enough for the hungrier members of our family!! We had bought the MORE card at the restaurant desk ,£15, which came in very handy! We were entitled to various discounts on our drinks bill at the bar and a fantastic 50% discount on breakfast and a couple of bar snacks we had.Only 5 minutes to Old Street subway on the Northern line. We all agreed we would highly recommend the Hoxton.	
Aug 19 2008 	Great Hotel!	We started our honeymoon in London and decided to stay in a really nice hotel for just a couple of days. We chose the Hoxton - it was super clean, the beds were comfortable, staff was friendly and it was in a great location. Each room has its own little refrigerator (so we could keep our Champagne cold - handy!). Breakfasts were good - delivered to your door at a time specified by you. I highly recommend this hotel!	
Aug 19 2008 	A really great London hotel	This is one of the nicest hotels I've stayed in. As mentioned in other reviews the hotel has a very contemporary feel, and has really thought out-of-the-box about what guests want from a night's stay. The shower and bathroom was one of the nicest I've had in a hotel, and the Pret light breakfast really hit the spot - who really wants a full fry up every morning any way!Above that I was really impressed by the resonable prices at the bar and grill. The staff were superb and really friendly. They seemed to really care that we had chosen to stay there. I would highly recommend this hotel, and wouldn't be surprised if it made its way higher up the TripAdvisor list.	
Aug 18 2008 	Sign up for the email deals.....what a deal	Sign up for the emails and you get advance warning of their rooms sales.I tried, but was unsucessul at their £1 rooms so booked on their £29 specials.Boy, what a great surprise, a great hotel, even if we hadn't have gotten the deal we did it's a great hotel. Clean clean rooms. Great friendly informal polite staff. Rooms full of the stuff you need and none of the stuff you don't. I wish all rooms were like this.Bathroom, huge and adequate. Fridge in the room, not filled with £3 chocolate bars and pistashio nuts for a fiver, but empty to put your bottle of water or milk (comp btw)Location. Great, close the to tube and not in the middle of everything.Can't praise it enough. Will definately stay again.	
Aug 18 2008 	A little gem	The Hoxton is an amazing hotel. It has real wow factor, but is surprisingly affordable - especially at their off peak times. My husband and I have stayed several times on Sunday nights, and have got a room, including 'breakfast in a bag' delivered to your room for just £30. I like the whole concept of a hotel. They have really tried hard to address the things that annoy people about a lot of hotels. For example, there's no extortionate mini bar in the rooms. But if you want booze or chocolate or snacks, you can buy it from reception at normal shop prices. This is not a hotel that's trying to rip you off. The rooms are on the small side, but are very stylish and have everything you need. Also, the bar and bistro are great. Hoxton is a funky area, so lots of other great places to eat and drink nearby. I really can't recommend this place highly enough!	
Aug 16 2008 	best hotel bathroom ever!	Just got back from a one night stay in this hotel and absolutely loved it! It was the same price as a Travelodge but was very, very luxurious! The room was very clean, the bed was comfortable and the bathroom was just stunning - better than the Hilton at Canary Wharf, which is twice the price!The staff were very friendly, the free breakfast is great, it's all exactly like on their website!The room service menu (from the Grille downstairs) was a bit expensive, but there are tons of places to eat in the area (great pizza at Yard) so it didn't matter.Check out at noon is nice, and real milk to make tea with is a bonus.I've been wanting to stay here for two years and wasn't in the least bit disappointed! I'll defintely go back, hugely recommended!	
Jul 28 2008 	Amazing hotel. Why is it so cheap?!	I live around the corner from this hotel but a family member who was coming to town had to cancel so I decided to use the room instead of waste it. My partner and I stayed for Saturday and Sunday night. I know of the hotel and had been in it a few times and had always wondered what it was like, having heard so many good reviews.Overall: It is a very modern, stylish, contemporary hotel which has been very well-designed. I think it is aimed at a younger crowd, but I think it is suitable for all ages. More hotels should be like this and I think they will become so.Cost: The room was £79 per night. I was expecting them to sacrifice quality somehow but they didn't. I really don't know how, or rather why it is such good value. It is by far the best value hotel in London I've ever come across. The cost/quality ratio is all off - a place like this should cost so much more. Room: The room was pretty good. The design is good and I loved the colour scheme. It was small, but no smaller than you can expect in London. TV channel selection was a bit boring, but you really shouldn't be watching too much of it if you're visiting London!Bed: The bed was so comfortable. The linen is as good as they say it is. I wanted to swap it with the one we have at home.Bathroom: The rain shower was great. They provide Aveda toiletries which was a nice touch (although we didn't seem to have any shower gel - just shampoo). Staff: The staff were all great. They were casual but totally professional. The fuse in our room went one evening and I told reception. They guy I told ran up and sorted it out himself. Fantastic. Food: We didn't eat or drink at the hotel (other than breakfast) but the in-house restaurant is pretty well-known in the area and is supposed to be great. Breakfast: They provide a free Pret-a-Manger breakfast in a bag - hung on your door whenever you like. It is pretty amazing - why don't other cost-conscious hotels offer this? What more do people need?! I kind of wished there was some kind of pastry in it though (you get OJ, yoghurt and a banana). Location: People shouldn't moan about the location. If you want to stay in the middle of a tourist trap then do so - but you'll stay in a dingy, miserable hotel and pay a fortune for it. Take my advice as a Londoner, and stay here. The whole Old Street/Hoxton/Shoreditch area is great - especially if you want to see real London. There's everything in the area - and you're so close to the tube and buses which take you right downtown.	
Jul 27 2008 	Weekend at the Hoxton	During the week, the Hoxton is a fairly pricey (by Canadian standards) business hotel, but on the weekend, prices drop dramatically, making it an affordable tourist hotel and one that’s fun to stay at. We booked a weekend this July and paid about half what it costs to stay here during the week. Check in was fine, our room was away from the weekend noise one finds in this area of London. The rooms are well equipped and comfortable with the kinds of amenities that N.A. travelers are used to such as ironing facilities, real coffee for the coffee makers, and ice machines on the floors. Expect lots of weekend nightlife both inside and outside the premises. My only quibble was the lack of a reading light. There is a tiny bedside light but it’s not suitable for bedtime reading. We had a very pleasant 3 night stay.	
Jul 24 2008 	Best choice for younger audience in East London	The Hoxton is a perfect hotel for East London experience.Book the rooms ahead and u will get weekend deals for 59 pounds up to 99 pounds. the size of the rooms is great for london standards, u get free bees like wifi and a pret breakfast bag with yoghurt and juice.you also have complementary water in the fridge.The Hotel itself is a bit of a self service experience, check in and out are efficient, you can buy snacks and drinks at the reception thats about it.This place is all about location, location, location!6 minutes walk from old street tube, 5 minutes to Hoxton Square, 3 minutes to Cargo night club and the sunday flower market is about 12 minutes away.Bricklane about 10minutes.There are a lot of cool shops and restaurants in this area.Pefect for a weekend clubbing, cool shopping and hitting the bars in East London.If the Hoxton is booked try the St. Gregory (now a crown plaza) a few blocks away.So overall: top price for a very good experience.	
Jul 20 2008 	Great Base from which to visit and enjoy London!	Great hotel - and excellent value for money given quality of rooms. Lovely bedlinen, thick fluffy towels and all spotlessly clean. Quiet too - we asked for a room facing the rear of the property.In your room as well as facilities you might expect e.g. hairdryers, you also get half a pint of milk in the fridge, which British people will appreciate - so much better than UHT for your cup of tea! Complimentary bottles of mineral water also very welcome. And we liked the novel idea of offering complimentary breakfasts from Pret-a-Manger, which you can have brought to your room, which include muesli with yoghurt, fresh juice and a banana.The Hoxton Grille restaurant was also good value and offered quality food. The overall set-up is to charge fairly and not over-price: very refreshing in London! We were also impressed by friendly and helpful staff who seem to come largely from Eastern European countries. Without exception they were cheery and motivated.We'll definately use the Hoxton again.	
Jul 1 2008 	By far the best option on this side of town!	Great place to stay and play for sure. If you want to be on this side of town you can't go past it. Hotel features are as you would expect but the vibe is what makes the place (and the bathrooms are a good size!) Everybody casual yet professional. Great bar scene on location and great surrounding area for going out. Nobody looking down on you when you return in the wee hours of the morning either which is a welcome change! I like the Hoxton/Shoreditch area but I guess its not everyones scene. If you are looking for something that looks like Notting Hill the area is not for you but you might even put up with it to stay at the Hoxton!	
Jul 1 2008 	Great Hotel well worth a visit	I managed to get a room for a quid on one of their promotions I stayed there for 1 night in March for my sons 11th birthday he woke up in the Hoxton Hotel on his brithday the room was immaculate facitilies excellent, the staff brilliant I was lucky to get a room during one of their famous promotion periods but would have gladly paid to stay there. The location isnt too bad about 10 minutes walk from the nearest tube station Old Street.	
Jun 29 2008 	Smart nice rooms great little touches	Aside from the stylish rooms, the design features and the contemporary feel of the whole place, there is a pleasant attitude that pervades here that makes a big difference.Front desk staff were faultless throughout, and in the lobby lounges, the bar, the internet area and all around, the design and style is both homely and inspired.The rooms themselves are functional yet attractive and stylish. The bathroom was lovely, and the shower enjoyable and strong.Then the hotel breaks with its peers - it charges only 5p per minute to call the USA from your room for example. The card in the bathroom about re-using towels is very refreshing (see my photo) and the free water and milk in the fridge, plus the free breakfast in a bag from Pret a Manger are all lovely touches too.If you can grab one of the periodic offers on the hotel's website (100 rooms for £1 and 100 for £29 - we grabbed the latter offer) then it is unbelievable as well as exceptional.	
Jun 29 2008 	flawless	a fantastic hotel experience. the staff were great,the rooms are exactly what one needs, the ambience is great...the location very good.	
Jun 25 2008 	Fantasic Hotel	I stay in the Hoxton every week, usually Tuesday through Thursday and it really is like a home away from home. Everyone has a smile on their faces and the welcome is sincere. The bar does not feel like a hotel bar, it's a cool place to hang out in Shoreditch. Love it.	
Jun 3 2008	Great hotel	We stayed here for, sadly , one night only and we loved it. We were lucky enough to have a room at their £29 promotion rate.....the hotel was funky and modern yet still traditional in some aspects and the reception areas etc and our room were spotless. Staff v friendly and guests of all ages. Free wi fi and if you forgot your laptop, free pc's by reception! A 3-4 min walk from Old Street tube and 2 quick tube journeys to Covent Garden. A cab home from Leicester Square in the evening was £15, just to give you an idea. We didnt have time to eat at the in house Grille but wish we had as it smelt great! Re noise, we stayed on a Sun night and weren't really disturbed by any (we were the Willow Street side)- we heard the odd few bottles getting chucked out and the re cycle lorry in the morning at 8.30 but hey, its a city so there's bound to be some noise. If you feel strongly about the odd bit of noise, ask to stay in the inner row of rooms that face the inside of the hotel. Would deff recommend this hotel, even at their normal full price.	
Jun 2 2008 	Very nice hotel!!	The Hoxton Hotel is great. We really enjoyed staying there!The room was nice and clean, comfy bed, very nice bathroom, nice smell through out the corridors, cool lift! And it looks exactly like the pictures on their site or here on tripadvisor.People are very nice and friendly and you have internet access wherever you are, that's why I'm giving the 'excellent' rate. It was really important for us to be able to use out laptops in our room with no effort or extra cost!Nice free breakfast in the room and was quite convenient to have &quot;The Grill&quot; in the hotel which served very nice meals. For us was also a very convenient location and was easy to get there from Stansted airport. We will definitely stay there again!	
Jun 1 2008	I'll be back	Stayed two nights end of May. In London to see Bruce Springsteen. Both Hoxton and The Boss were excellent. The hotel is exactly as they say on the site. The staff are friendly and relaxed there is no sense that some guests are being treated better than others all rooms are the same size so guests are all equal.Rooms are clean and compact but well designed. Breakfast in bag is very handy. Ate in Grille one night food was good value.Area is very buzzy some might say seedy but there were plenty of people about night and day and there was no bad vibe. Friday and Sat night area around hotel and hotel bar are jumping. If you want a quiet night get a room at the back were you will not hear anything.I would advise anyone to take the risk pay your money and enjoy the stay. I'll be back for sure.	
Jun 1 2008 	Very Impressed	We really enjoyed our stay at the Hoxton. We were able to secure one of the sale rooms, but even at a higher price, it is worth the money. The bed was very comfortable, the bathroom was roomy (which isn't always the case in European hotels) and we liked all of the extras, such as the milk, water, breakfast bag, cheap phone calls to the States and the minibar. I have never stayed in a hotel in any city that was so reasonable. The walk to the tube was only a couple minutes, so that wasn't a big deal to us and our room was perfectly quiet. We will definitely return.	
Jun 1 2008 	A bargain	I booked a room in one of their periodic sales. I didn't get a confirmation as indicated online and only found out that they had taken my booking when I noticed it on my credit card statement. I then had to call the hotel to check what date I had booked.They admitted they had had problems with their booking system but as I on;y paid £29 for a twin room who's complaining ? The hotel was great; lovely room with fridge and cold drinks as well as milk for teas and coffee and breakfast in a bag was a nice touch. We did eat in the restaurant too on a special 2for 1 deal but it was only ok. The Hoxguide in the room recommends some really nice places and Spitalfiels market is well worth a visit. The area is so so -we got a taxi back in the evening rather than using the tube but there again I'm a middle aged old f**t so not a risk taker. But I would certainly stay at the Hoxton again.	
May 29 2008	Excellent choice in London	Situated two tube stops from King's Cross / St. Pancras and within walking distance of Liverpool Street, this is about the best you can do for a good and quirky hotel close to the centre of London without paying a fortune. Reception staff are friendly and efficient (allowed us to check in a few hours early). The rooms are big enough for London and the upper floors have good views over the surrounding area. Good bathrooms. Breakfast (muesli, banana) is delivered in a paper bag or you can head downstairs for something more substantial. Lots of coming and going and a buzz in the bar and grill in the evening. In all, a great choice for exploring a lesser known part of London.	
May 29 2008 	Excellent	I loved my time at this hotel and couldn't believe its quality for the price. I am used to paying more for a lot less in London, so this place was a pleasant surprise. The rooms are contemporary, clean and a good size. My bed was really comfy and the room was fitted with a LCD tv and wireless. I liked the querky design features in the room and thought the bar/restaurant/entrance area was really vibrant and lively.The area does initially apper a bit grotty, but Hoxton has a thriving art scene and we enjoyed a pleasant evening out spotting all the oddly dressed people - it was like being back at art school! There was a great selection of restaurants, bars and clubs near by and the hotel provides you with a really helpful map with details of these.All in all an excellent hotel in a really lively area of London.	
May 26 2008 	Makes you realise what's bad with Travelodge and Premier Inn!	This hotel re-defines business travel in my eyes, it makes me realise everything I hate about Premier Lodges and Travelinn’s. It’s also a perfect hotel where you can go with your significant other and use as a base for going out in trendy bars and restaurants when you’re not at work. I really like the fact that they’ve got real milk and real filter coffee sachets, simple and complimentary breakfasts that I’m not worried I’m going to sleep through or be ripped off, hypoallergenic soap – I’m actually allergic to a lot of soaps and usually carry my own but they had the good ‘Pears’ stuff!When we visited my partner suffers from allergies and they replaced the duck down pillows with synthetic ones with no problems. The decoration is simple, but really nice, everything is contemporary.Bar and restaurant are really good – also liked the little shop where you could get a bottle of wine for a nightcap and take that back to your room, where you have wine glasses provided and a bottle opener. I’m also pleased with the guide of the area they provided. We did go to Fifteen for breakfast which was really good. Had a really good stay, but I would have as I only paid a quid! Think the marketing trick has worked on me and I will look to stay there again. I have recently tried to book but unfortunately it was a last minute business trip and I didn’t feel that the price was right, I suppose I may get a better deal when I advance book in the future. Fingers crossed!	
May 23 2008 	perfect gem	Amazing find in an up and coming artsy, edgy area yet on the border of the business center. Perfect to walk to city and feasible to walk to smithfield/charterhouse square area. Only a short tube from Islington and Upper Street nightlife or to the West End.Ive stayed in all types of properties in London in recent years from 5 star to serviced apartments and the Hoxton is perfect for a weekend trip if your going to be busy. The hotel staff is accommodating and friendly and the accommodations are clean and hip. The rooms are small, but for the price the cozy comfort, breakfast and restaurant/bar and amazing bed make you not fixate on it. free Internet as well! will be back asap!	
May 21 2008	Book.. and kiss your money goobye...	I am not sure whether I am entitled to write a review because I never stayed at the Hoxton (and probably never will). However I thought of sharing with this community their rather aggressive booking and 'cancellation' policy. When I tried to book, they replied saying that the whole amount of the stay (9 days, in my case) would be charged to my credit card right away at the moment of the booking (no matter how many months in advance I was booking) and that the amount charged is not refundable in any way whatsoever, not even partially, even if one cancels well in advance. They also added that the closer to the departure date, the higher the rates.Now this seems to me quite excessive by all standards. To get lower rates one is forced to kiss his/her money goodbye forever or, alternatively, see the price go up!! Looks like they are managed Ryan Air style.. Some people may go along with that, but it is not acceptable to me. And I guess to many others... Beware. I personally would be scared to get into a deal with an establishment displaying this attitude to a potential client.	
May 18 2008 	Fair deal but no need to brag	Functional, clean, decent, well thought.The hotel does deliver what it promises in its site, plus it is really clean, and the staff is very nice. The neighboroud is somewhat peculiar (if you are over 20 or under 100, that is) but who complains to get to Broadgate in a 5 minutes walk?But a few less notices about how fair the hotel policies are would make for a more restfull stay...	
May 14 2008 	London at the right price!	The Hoxton Hotel is an excellent choice if you are looking for cleanliness and comfort in a stylish/modern setting at a reasonable price!!I stayed in a standard, double room and was pleased with both the size and cleanliness of the actual room/bathroom, as well as the amenities. The room was equipped with a flat screen television, hair dryer, local area map, shampoo, and free bottled water and skim milk in the fridge. Another extra perk was the availability of a free orange juice, banana and yogurt breakfast delivered to your door in the morning. The area surrounding the hotel isn't quite picturesque during the day time compared to more central areas of London. However, the hotel is located in close proximity to the Old Street metro station which makes accessing all points of interest in London an easy task. Within walking distance of the hotel there are also several nice bars, clubs, and restaurants. The map provided in the hotel room details many of these local hot spots.Overall, I would say this hotel is a great choice for it's cost, comfort, and convenience.	
May 11 2008 	If only every City had a Hoxton	We went to this Hotel through a friends recommendation, and then of course we checked out reviews on here, and to be honest the reviews were spot on, if you are looking for a well priced, clean, super comfy, friendly staff, amazing food, the shower sent from heaven, peaceful room, yummy breakfast, then look no further, this Hotel will be our place to stay each and everytime we go to London.	
May 10 2008 	Wonderful hotel	Just stayed at the Urban Lodge Hoxton for a birthday treat, and thought that every aspect was excellent. The staff were all extremely friendly and helpful, the rooms were very modern and cool, the showers were huge, the complimentary mineral waters and fresh milk were a lovely touch. The bar and restaurant were great, and the food was lovely. The courtyard in the summer is a great place to chill out and enjoy a drink. All in all, my wife and I would highly recomend this hotel, in a trendy part of London.	
Apr 30 2008 	great price fantastic attention to detail - a real gem	This hotel is a real find. It is just around the corner from Old Street tube and a stroll from liverpool street and columbia road flower market so its in a great location. The rooms are fantastic - really well presented with fantastic attention to detail. Everything from the toiletries to the &quot;bag for breakfast&quot; was well thought out. You can use the pool down the road for £5 ( though we didnt) and there is a bar/restaurant downstairs which looked prettty busy (though our coke was flat.) The staff were really friendly and helpful. The only negative thing was the noise from the street. The rooms have air conditioning but if i stayed again I would definitely ask to be in a room off the street.I would definitely recommend this and stay again.	
Apr 17 2008 	Great srvice at the Hoxton	We stayed at the Hoxton for 3 nights over the London Marathon weekend. We arrived early and were immediately allocated a room by a friendly staff member on reception. We mentioned that my husband was doing the marathon and were told that all marathon runners were being given free porridge on the day of the marathon, and that the restaurant was opening early to serve them. This was extremely welcome and much appreciated.We were pleased by everything at the Hoxton. The rooms were well equipped, clean and comfortable. All members of staff were pleasant and helpful. The food and drink was good value, no high priced hotel rip offs here! We would recommend the Hoxton highly and would definitely stay again.	
Apr 16 2008 	Great hotel!	I just have to write a review of this hotel. My husband and I stayed for three nights early April and we absolutely loved it.Very nice room - modern, clean and practical. Lovely bed, nice big towels and a great bathroom too. Nice to get a small breakfast at the door in the morning - just enough to get your day started. Also practical with the free water bottles.We especially liked the reception area - a big lounge with fire places that was a nice place to drink a couple of cocktails in the afternoon. Very lively and fun place to sit and relax after a day of sightseeing or shopping. And afterwards you can stroll to one of the many restaurants or bars in the trendy Hoxton area.We also had dinner at the restaurant (the Grille) one evening as we had heard many positive things about it. I can really recommend it - very good food and outstanding service. All in all, very good value for money in London and a fantastic experience in every way. We are definitively going back!!	
Apr 14 2008 	Small but perfectly formed	The Hoxton is a great place to stay if you want to check out a different side of London. The room we stayed in was quite small but was well laid out, with big windows adding plenty of natural light. The bathroom was large with a good-sized shower cubicle (although no bath). The lobby is well appointed, with a lodge theme and plenty of comfy sofas to lounge around in. A small but well-stocked library and a number of free internet PCs make this a good place to chill out.We ate in the restaurant and found the food to be decent although not exceptional. Shoreditch has some better restaurants but as we have eaten in most of them, it made sense to try something new.Overall I really enjoyed the Hoxton and would highly recommend this as an alternative place to stay. As its only 5 mins from the City it would suit business travellers who want a good nightlife / to get away from the square mile.	
Apr 8 2008	Great 1st Time away	I stayed at this Hotel In January for 2 nights and loved it. We arrived on the Friday , check in was excellent. The room was great. Spacious, clean, a very comfy bed and just like all the pictures. The bathroom was also great, a shower with two options, nice big towels and lots of them too. In the morning breakfast was outside our door at the time specified and although it isnt a full cooked breakfast it was just enough for me and it was included in the price of room. Overall i think this hotel is great, every little thing has been thought of. The price is good value for money compared to many other hotels in London.	
Apr 2 2008 	We Loved the Hoxton	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Hoxton for 5 nights at the end of March 2008. We had a cozy room that was very clean and modern. We particularly appreciated the bathrooms! Hotels in London are extremely expensive and you simply cannot get a better value. The Hoxton is similar in quality to a Hilton or Marriott, but only a fraction of the cost. In addition, the Hoxton is a major London hangout and you can always find interesting people hanging out at the hotel's restaurant and bar. The staff is very accommodating and there are lots of cafes and restaurants in the area. Consider the Hoxton to be in the artsy part of London near lots of young professionals and nightlife.The Hoxton is highly recommend and we will stay again.	
Apr 1 2008 	Fantastic Value	This hotel was recommended by our 20 year old Son,,We needed somewhere to stay for one night on a trip to London to see King Tut and The Warriors. My parents accompanied us, they are 78 and 79. Would it be too trendy? They LOVED it! The Sunday lunch was great value, rooms clean, decent pillows, brilliant shower,staff friendly, drinks not too overpriced.Fantastic value, at £30.00 per room. Diane Sheffield	
Apr 1 2008 	Brilliant value for money thoroughly enjoyable stay	I was sorely tempted to give the Hoxton 5/5 and for the £30 we paid for our saturday night stay it really does deserve full marks. However, on the basis that most people will be paying more like £70 to stay here I've only given it 4/5 (but if I could give it 4.5 I would!)I really like the location - it is edgy but shoreditch is really up and coming and there are loads of nice restaurants and bars close by. There are plenty of people around at night and because of that I felt as safe walking around as I do in any other area of London. It's also really convenient for the tube and you can jump on the northern / central lines and be anywhere else in central london in less than 15 mins.The rooms are small but really well laid out - a decent shower, aveda shampoo and pears soap, a fridge, corkscrew and free mineral water and mile all impressed me. And I enjoyed my pret breakfast too.The staff were great (which is not a given in london) and the reception and bar area is pretty spectacular. It was nice to head back to the hotel after a meal and relax with a couple of cocktails.The only down side for me was the noisy bin men (even on easter sunday!). There's probably not much the hotel can do about this but if I'd been staying for more than a couple of days I think it would have started to get pretty annoying. Overall brilliant value though and I'll definitely be returning.	
Mar 30 2008 	Fabulous hotel!	I have just stayed at the Hoxton with my boyfriend and, although I have never been moved to review a hotel before, I have to recommend this hotel!The room was great, a good mix of trendy and practical, and was a good size, the bathroom was amazing with a huge shower and I cannot rave about the staff enough. Really helpful and incredibly efficient - I rang for some more teabags and they were delivered 2 minutes later.The hotel itself was amazing, really chic and unique. As per the other reviews, the location is a little challenging but we left the hotel late in the evening and had no trouble.It's the little things that make this hotel special - I love the fact they have fresh milk and give you a couple of bottles of water free. The low rate telephone calls and free internet access make it stand out. Also, they are very tongue in cheek about things - like the fact it saves them money if you reuse the towels.All in all, would thoroughly recommend this hotel to anyone!	
Mar 28 2008	Love this place	We found an offer to stay here for £30 and now I love this place! Ok, the rooms are a little small and the bathrooms don't have a lock but these are minor grumbles. The decor is cool, staff really friendly, rooms are comfortable and quiet and the bar serves good bourbon. What more can you want? Oh, and the locations is fantastic- 5 minutes from the tube and all you need to do to reach the bars of Old Street is fall out of bed. Also, you get Pret breakfast delivered to your room in the morning, which is a nice touch. Can't wait to stay here again.	
Mar 25 2008	Weekend Break At The Hoxton	Stayed at the Hoxton for 2 nights.  Just around the corner from the hotel you can catch a No 55 bus which will take you into Oxford Circus. This bus also stops near the shows Spam a Lot and Blood brothers. You can then walk to Regent St and Oxford St with no problems. They don't have a ticket machine at this bus stop so you paid £2.00 per person. Once in Oxford Circus area you can purchase a day ticket for £3.50, which ends at 4.30am - good value for money, espically when you can use this ticket to get around buses in London - eg Harrods, trafalga square, picadilly circus, leicester square, etc, if you can't be bothered to walkOur room was 538 facing the wee supermarket, and at the front of the hotel - a wee bit of noise that lasted around 5 minsGood Points....Free SafeFridge - with water and milkCoffee/tea making facilitiesBreakfast in a bag - orange juice, banana, yoghurtFree Internet accessBad points.....The hotel is non smoking - I took 60 cigerattes with me and came back with 40 cigerattes - according to my daughter that was good.Would I go to this hotel again...........definately, even though I am smoker, who knows if I were to stay longer, then perhaps I would end up a non smoker LOL. Trying to talk hubby into going around Nov for another show.The show my daughter and i went to was Blood brothers - what a fantastic show.	
Mar 25 2008 	The best hotel in central London	It's really difficult to find a hip hotel room in central London which just costs 59 pounds! The Hoxton Hotel is the one!It's really convenient - just 3 min. walking distance from the tube station - Old Street. The lobby is well-designed, not like the traditional style in other hotels. The staff were helpful and polite. We arrived 2 hours before the check-in time and the staff allowed us to have early check-in.Though the room is a little bit small, it's really cosy and modern - with LCD TV, a couch and the best thing is the free-of-charge Wi-Fi service in room (usually this is charged in other hotels).Moreover, the bathroom is super clean. It's exactly like the photos shown from the website.Another bonus point is the breakfast. How can a 59-pound room include a Pret-A-Manger breakfast (with yokurt, banana and orange juice)? It's really fantastic!I've been recommending this hotel to all of my friends since I stayed there.I'll absolutely stay in the Hoxton Hotel if I visit London again.OliviaMacau, China	
Mar 24 2008 	good for th price	I stayed the hoxton on my last visit to London, it was a bit out of the way compared to where I normally stay. The hotel was very modern and a nice enviroment, the staff were very friendly. The room was really nice and modern I loved staying in this hotel. The ony downside was the noise as the bar downstairs gets really busy and the music doesnt stop till the early hours. All in all it was a lovely hotel nice staff nice place to eat but very noisy after a long day shopping!	
Mar 20 2008 	Another fantastic stay at the Hoxton	Our second stay at the Hoxton, and another wonderful stay there. We were impressed last time, and this time was better in most ways. We had a really warm welcome at reception when checking in, the receptionist congratulated us on getting such a good rate (I'm one of the lucky ones who managed to get a £1 deal during their last sale) and seemed genuinely pleased for us, gently suggesting we should therefore spend lots of extra money on food and drink intead. I took this in the friendly manner in which it was intended.Room was wonderful. It's true that they're not the biggest rooms around, but they are very cleverly designed and feel quite spacious. The bathrooms are wonderful, with walk-in showers, and everything is spotlessly clean. The beds are extremely comfortable, I had a great night's sleep. Noise didn't seem to be a problem, so I guess it depends on where your room is in the hotel. Nice thick curtains in the bedroom, so nice to be able to block out nearly all of the light.The only minor problem was that our breakfast was delivered at around 7.40am, despite us requesting 7am. My partner had to go to work, so it arrived too late for him. I don't know if this was a one-off, or an ongoing problem, but if you need to be out of the hotel early, I'd recommend requesting an earlier time. It's only yoghurt, banana and orange juice, so sitting in the hallway for an hour or so won't do it any harm. Old Street Station is just a short walk away, and if it's closed there are a few local buses to take you into the west end. We were in no rush, so decided to catch a bus into town - word of warning here though: don't do it during the rush hour. We were in no rush, but ended up getting a bit stressed when the journey took far longer than we expected. Staff at reception when I checked out also seemed professional yet friendly, and genuinely interested in our stay. Almost faultless and I'd highly recommend this hotel.	
Mar 16 2008	Hoxton is perfect	On a recent trip to London, I stayed at The Hoxton. To say the least.....I was very pleasantly surprised. The rooms were large for a London Hotel (the shower was awesome). They provide free internet, light breakfast, bottled water and incredibly cheap local phone calls. The entire staff was very friendly and helpful and their restaurant was excellent. The only minor problem was that the hallways are dark and not well lit.	
Mar 12 2008 	Comfortable but noisy	Stayed in March 08, paying an average of £80 a night.The comments beneath capture it all but it is worth emphasising that the rooms are quite small - the Premier Travel Inns offer more space though admittedly with less panache. Also - noise. Inside the hotel is fine, though the crashing of empty bottles into the recycling container at the back of the hotel was a nightly occurrence (I suspect from the hotels own bar) and then the rubbish collection lorry that came every weekday morning at 7am.It is located in a area that can be most charitably described as 'edgy' - Hoxton may well be 'up and coming' but from a rather low starting position. I could not recommend this neighbourhood for lone female travellers.As an aside, we used the National Express dot2dot hotel shuttle service that picked us up from the hotel and delivered us direct to the terminal at Heathrow - not much quicker than the train but in a lot more comfort with no lugging of bags up and down stairs and for not much more money.	
Mar 11 2008	Modern stay in one of my favorite cities.	Stayed for the better part of a week during February/March. Had a lovely stay, the hotel is very nice, with a fabulous and responsive staff, very comfortable bed, and a nice size room. Front desk greeted up very politely and let us check in early (we got there around 10am I think). Rooms ready and very, very clean. Lobby is just as pictured, and hallways remind me of lofts in New York City – very modern vibe and perfect for us!!Great size bathroom: huge shower with rain type shower head (no tub, so if you need one this is not for your), tons of counter space, and extra large fluffy towels. Breakfast outside door every morning (you can pick your time of 6, 7, 8, or 9am to have it delivered) with yogurt &amp; granola, banana, and incredible orange juice. Milk and 2 bottles of water is provided daily free of charge in the small refrigerator.Hairdryer provided by hotel was very good, not a large standard size one, but a very powerful one that blew tons of hot air - plenty of get-up and go for my long thick hair. Large flat screen TV, desk with TV/Web browser, WIFI, drawers in desk, small wardrobe with hanging space &amp; cubbies, in room fridge, electric kettle, tea and coffee, and Aveda hair and skin care products. Little limited on places to put clothes, a squeeze for two, but my guy is used to that ? Computers available to use for free in the lobby and we never had a problem finding one available when we needed it, also large library with books, videos, and CD’s in the lobby for anyone to use.Our room was on the left side of the building (as you are facing the hotel from the street) looking out towards Shoreditch, so we did have a nice view. However, I think someone has mentioned the windows before, while there was not really street noise, you could hear the wind howling (it was very windy for us for about 2 days) and you could hear bottles going into the recycle bin several times a night.Tube station (Old Street) is just a quick 3 – 4 minute walk around the corner, with Liverpool Street and Moorgate being just a 10 minute walk in either direction. Bakery, coffee, and sandwich shoppes are plentiful so no need to worry if you just need a quick break or snack. Reception was always quick to recommend a great place to go see or eat at, and there is a list of Hoxton ‘providers’ and a locals guide provided in each room.	
Mar 8 2008 	Excellent Value for Money	We stayed at Hoxtons for two nights at the end of February. The hotel is further out of the city centre than other hotels I've stayed at in London but is easily accessible via the tube. I think the slightly longer journey to reach the hotel is more than compensated by the quality and value of the hotel. The rooms are excellent with many nice touches and the food and service we received was excellent. I would certainly recommend this hotel and would stay here again next time I visit London.	
Mar 4 2008	modern young hotel	my fiance had booked this hotel for a recent visit to london.modern hotel, pleasing from the outside however with a star trek theme in the hotel corridors. rooms very clean and liked the idea of having fresh milk in the fridge for tea. bottled water is also provided. bathroom lovely, no bath and lovely aveda toiletries!i have to mention the receptionist on check in was not the most helpful we mentioned that we would like a quiet room and she acted all shocked and discusted at the very suggestion despite the amount of noise coming through the atrium in the bar area! breakfast was nice its provided in a brown bag (banana, yogurt and orange juice). you can also get further breakfast options in the bar downstairs. also the tube nearest the hotel was closed the weekend for maintenance which made our trip to the nearest underground alot longer. also there seems to be building works going on in this vicinity at the minute.	
Mar 4 2008	Very good hotel	Saturday 1st - Monday 3rd MarchRoom 3353rd FloorOld St tube station is the closest (5 min walk) but it was closed due to works so I had to go to Liverpool St which is a 15min walk or a 5 min taxi ride (approx £6). If Old St is closed and you have heavy bags I would catch a taxi from Liverpool St to the Hoxton hotel. There is a taxi rank outside Liverpool St tube station and taxis pass by the hotel all the time so there is no need to book one in advance. The reception staff are very helpful and knowledgeable about the area. Ask for a pocket sized map of the immediate area which was very useful for me.The bed is the most comfortable hotel bed I've slept in. The shower is powerful and large enough for 2 people! Nice size flat screen tv. The room and bedding is very clean. Almost feels like home!!! They do have a bar and restaurant but I never had time to use it. A newsagent's is across the road which is open 7am -11pm everyday which sells alcohol and the usual things a shop would sell. You can pay for goods with your credit/debit card. I used the FREE wireless (my laptop) no codes for passwords required and the connection speed is good.I would have given the hotel a 5 star but for the smallest thing. I asked a an iron/ironing board to be brought to my room but they have an ironing room on the 6h floor which you have to use which was a slight inconvenience to me. Other than that I have no complain at all. Harsh I know.I'd say the Hoxton is different to all hotels I've stayed in and the rooms are like none you've seen before. I look forward to visiting the Hoxton again in the near future.	
Mar 1 2008 	I've stayed at the Dorchester ands Claridges but.....	I've traveled to Londn for 25 years, and have stayed at both 1 star and 5 star hotels. This hotel has surpassed them all. It's an amazing blend of both ultra cool and syberatric luxury.Quiet when needed, stimulating when wanted, this hotel fits the bill for anyone wanting more than just a bed and bath while they waste their lives.Dozens of free CDS on demand, hundreds of movies on demand, internet acess free in both room and lobby, this hotel is all one neeeds.The rooms are quiet, the lobby bar and restaurant are vibrant. If you are a student of human nature, this hotel is for you. Gay, straight, hot model or dorky cool, this hotel is what you're looking for in a happening London stay.In case you think I am a shill for this hotel, check out my previous reviews. You'll see that I am a queen bee who is highly critical. I cannot find fault here. It's simply a great hotel. Stay and enjoy.	
Feb 29 2008 	Ye Olde London?	Of all the trips to London I've had in the last 10 or so years, this has by far been the greatest! The Hoxton is a fabulous hotel! I arrived late afternoon told the staff my name and was quickly given a key to my room, was explained how things work and within 10 minutes of walking into the hotel was in my room unpacking!The rooms are a nice size, no palatial suite, but enough for me and my partner. The free breakfast bag was a really nice touch as was the ironing room, the free internet and the nicely sized cake of soap!I spent 4 nights at the Hoxton and had a great time! Close to the action of London and also right in the party district of London!The Grille downstairs has some nice food with friendly staff, which on Friday and Saturday nights turns into a bar... some of the staff these nights are a bit into themselves, but we won't let that bring us down!	
Feb 21 2008 	An excellent value	Americans traveling to London are well advised to check out this place. Why? The rooms are actually affordable, even with the declining dollar. The hotel is very clean and the staff is responsive. Nice touches like flat screen tv's and very modern bathrooms. The restaurant downstairs is actually quite good, too. The hotel has a modern, upbeat feel. We booked our rooms directly with the hotel and got a great rate.	
Feb 14 2008 	Nice hotel not all that great of location	This hotel was very nice. It had a great restaurant and &quot;breakfast&quot; was served daily, fruit, juice and yogurt. The staff was very nice and helpful. Directions to the hotel were very easy to follow from the website. The location isn’t all that great, a little sketchy to walk at night. Restaurants around the hotel were also very good. I would totally recommend this to my friends!	
Feb 13 2008 	Funky and Fun but a couple of niggles....	Our stay at The Hoxton was one of my Christmas Presents and having read various reviews about it was looking forward to my stay.The hotel is 5 minutes walk from Old Street Tube Station (Closed at weekends) and 10 minutes from Liverpool Street.The foyer is welcoming and funky with some stylish touches. The bar/grille was always busy though we ate elsewhere.A very cheery and helpful member of staff checked us in and within 5 minutes we were in our room. Unfortunately the bed etc was unmade so after a brief visit back to reception we secured a room on the fourth floor;which we were told was quiter, but more of that later.The room was very clean with lots of nice touches; plenty of glasswear, corkscrew, bottles of water and even fresh milk for your beverage of choice. Though there was a hairdryer there was no iron and board - they are on the 6th floor. so at busy times get there early! There is also a safe which will take a small laptop.The shower was fantastic and a perfect wake-up, As was the little brown bag of breakfast ;O,J, Yogurt and a banana though this might get a tad boring after a few days!Hoxrton is an up and coming area with plenty of decent bars and eateries close by and we never felt unsafe coming back late at night.The major bug-bear was noise. I was woken at 0200 by a group of screaming/shouting/swearing/singing banshees in the hotel courtyard below. I though I had left the window open but the glazing seems to be inadequate. Our &quot;friends&quot; obviously decided to include everyone else in their partying! Also the emergency sirens (I counted 12) added to a terrible nights sleep. Please Hoxton invest in some triple glazing!Would we stay here again mostly yes but I'll be taking earplugs!	
Feb 11 2008 	Great modern hotel	Stayed in this hotel with my boyfriend from feb 8th-11th feb for my 21stLocation:Oldstreet station is about a couple of min walk from hotel so the hotels location was great the surrounding area near to the oldstreet station was slightly shabby and dirty. Its a busy area at night were lots of young people are attracted to the clubs/pubs near to the hotel. We went to a restaurant called the Yard and it was really enjoyable with good wineHotel:I was very pleased when arriving at the hoxton, i firstly noticed it was quite busy with a range of ages from young to old, staff were friendly and check in was easy, through out the day and night the hoxton had a bustling atmosphere and we even enjoyed a few nights at the bar area, sometimes even found it hard to get seatsRooms:The room was lovely and i wasnt disappointed, room was a decent size, very modern and clean, bed was very comfortable, bathroom was a great size and shower was amazing, flat screen tv, free mini fridge with free water and milk and safe. We brought down a laptop and had free internet access, this was very handy. I can not fault the room at all, the only thing i wasnt to pleased about was were we were situated, we were on the 5th floor round the side where the bins were kept and we were woken every morn abt 8ish with clanking of bottles getting put in2 bins and the bins being changed, wasn't happy but if your a heavy sleeper you may not have this problemOverall the hoxton was a great hotel and i would def return as it is fab, London itself is a lovely place with lots to do and see and would def recommend staying at this hotel!!!	
Feb 9 2008 	The best value in London !	A bit far from Central London but an amazing hotel !I go to the Hoxton every two weeks for my job and I'm always VERY happy !Vraiment un hotel fantastique et un prix génial !	
Feb 6 2008 	Great Value	We stayed at the Hoxton for two nights.We got excellent directions from the hotels web site. We got the underground to Old Street station from Heathrow airport,the hotel is only a few minutes walk from the station. We were able to check in early which was great as we were after an early morning flight. We had a quick snack in the restaurant which was still serving breakfast. We were charged over £20 for two small snacks and was even charged for two glasses of water.I taught it a bit expensive for what we got.The room itself was modern,clean and very well layed out.The breakfast bag is an excellent idea and a great start to the day.You can also buy beer,wine,chocolate,etc.... at reception for consumption in your room at reasonable prices.The location itself around the hotel is very clean and the area seems to be modernised in the past few years.But Old Street Station and the area around it is very dirty and could do with a big clean up.Overall I would go back to the Hoxton as it is great value for money.The only thing is in not in the tourist center of the city ,but what we paid for the hotel makes up for this( £160).I would also recommend Caffe Uno on Charing Cross Road ,just behind Leicester Square,excellent food.	
Feb 5 2008 	Excellent London Hotel	I stayed in The Hoxton in London in January 2008, travelling on business. It is an excellent modern hotel, with superb service, great ameneties, wonderful design. The room was very clean, not very big but nicely decorated, even with a sense of humour (no, really!). Hotel has free internet access, breakfast is included and delivered to your door in the morning. Hotel has its own restaurant, which is apparently trendy at the moment. The Hoxton is a few minutes away from Old Street tube station, so very convenient for the City area (Bank, Liverpool Street Station). Would definitely recommend it to the business travellers. The only minor issue was the noise: my room was facing the street, so it was noisy thoughout the whole night. But other rooms are quieter.	
Feb 4 2008 	top marks to the hoxton	Just back from the Hoxton with friends where we had a 3 night stay.The staff, ambience comfort and food was excellent.Having read a previous report we were not going to eat in the hotel but decided on the last evening to do so. We were sorrywe did not eat earlier as the food and service was excellent.The Hoxton will be top of our list on our next visit.	
Jan 30 2008 	Great Price Hip Room..comes with dust clouds and breaking glass	The price-quality ratio is excellent, for this amount (we paid average 79GBP per night for 3 night), you get a design hotel, smack in the center of London near the hip East End, with restaurants, clubs, bars...you name it.On closer inspection, Hoxton Hotel is a little rough around the edges, like it's neighborhood, on the verge of becoming the next West End. Service is impeccable throughout the stay. Check in was a breeze, the receptionist recited a well rehearsed check in routine, you barely see personnel, but everything is well kept for. No problems here with overcharging on credit cards.Housekeeping on the other hand, leaves much to be desired. We entered a stale/DUSTY (I could see dust clouds) room, which was helped when you leave the windows ajar to air it. Sheets/Bathroom were clean. Best to describe as the kind of room that looks best in dim lighting, where you don't see the dust collecting on surfaces and grime here and there.The breakfast was wonderful to start your morning with and the room comes with all mod cons + a view of the Gherkin and the City of London (we were on the 5th floor), as long as you're partially deaf , the restaurant emptying their glasses at night (from 9 - 12pm) in the alley beneath you should not scare you that much.By all means, book at the Hoxton, they are already better than some of the other hotels in London in this price range. Just ignore the pretentiously hip lobby/bar on weekends and head out to the nearby hoxton square instead.	
Jan 27 2008	Great interior - but 8 hour power outage!	Loved the room - great bed, fantastic sheets, great down pillows, gorgeous bathroom, fluffy towels, mini bar with free milk for cuppas in the room, quiet (we faced the back courtyard) and lovely free breakies (juice, yogourt, bananas). No view and the location is not super. But, worst of all, we were there when they had a power outage that for some weird reason lasted more than 8 hours! Other businesses in the area did not seem to be affected. It went out around 7 am. We got a call to tell us to leave the room around 11, for &quot;safety&quot; reasons, and that the power would be on in 20 minutes. We got back at 5 and the power was still out! The lobby was full of cranky people, waiting, by candlelight. There seemed to be no management - no one there in a leadership position dealing with the issue. They didn't have enough flashlights. The front desk assured us they had booked a hospitality suite at the nearby Holiday Inn, where we could go for a shower and a rest. We walked the 10 minutes to that holiday Inn and the manager/staff there had no idea what we were talking about and only wanted to sell us a room for the night. They even called the Hoxton and talked to someone else at the front desk, who also had no idea about a hospitality suite. It was a complete cock-up. Luckily, the power finally returned around 5:30. There was no offer to discount that night's stay, or to give people a free drink/meal at the restaurant. In fact, when we checked out, I was charged a mysterious extra 20 pds, even though I had booked online and pre-paid. We were in a hurry to the airport so I missed it until later. Great place to stay but pack a small flashlight to get up the stairs if the power goes out, and be sure to examine the bill when you check out!	
Jan 25 2008 	Well done	We stayed at the Hoxton Hotel over the year-end holidays. We chose this hotel for the affordable price of the rooms when booked in advance (£39), as well as the positive reviews on this website.While the hotel is not at the tourist centre of London, we found the tube as well as the buses easy to use, so the location was not such a big hassle.The hotel itself exceeded all our expectations. Check-in was fast and friendly. Our room was modern, clean and had all the nice extras like free bottles of water, Frette linens (so luxurious), flat-screen TV and free internet. We also found the free light breakfast so convenient.	
Jan 23 2008 	Brilliant as always	I can't say enough good things about this hotel. This is the second time I've stayed at the Hoxton and it was just as great as the first trip.Friendly staff, cool decor, and the bed (and bedding!) are so incredibly comfortable! Very clean rooms. I love the little touches here - the bottle of water in the fridge, the fresh milk for the filter-bag coffee and the breakfast bags.Keep an eye out on their site for their deals. I stayed two nights for £80 which is such great value for money.	
Jan 23 2008 	The best hotel I've stayed at - anywhere!	The Hoxton is, in my opinion, the best hotel I’ve ever stayed in! A combination of getting a fantastic price from Superbreak, coupled with a quirky, innovative non-pretentious but very fab hotel made this birthday trip one to remember! The hotel is situated a few minutes walk from Old Street Station and doesn’t look that interesting from the outside. However, on entering the lobby, you are transported into a mad mix of Scottish baronial, ultra modern and quite a bit kitsch! Giant papier mache eagles in varying states of flight soar above head (sounds tacky but isn’t!) and you’re surrounded by a variety of comfy sofas and designer chairs at either end of the lobby with a roaring fire on each end to top it all off. The reception staff were efficient and friendly and we were checked in quickly. On stepping out of the lift and turning the corner, you enter the corridors of rooms – lit with funky floor to ceiling orange lights (I think were a sophisticated in/out indicator!). The room wasn’t massive, but certainly not tiny either. A really lovely bed with trendy paper, scissors, stone cushions and a chaise longue and a built in desk/mirror/tv unit. The bathroom was clean and really modern with big shower and a retro touch in the form of Pears soap! Another nice touch was that the middle of the mirror is heated so when the bathroom steams up after a shower, you can still see!The best bit (other than the price/design/staff!) was the added value elements. Breakfast is included with Superbreak and comes in the form of a brown paper bag hung outside your door with a banana, a fruit and granola yogurt and a Pret orange juice. Something different and refreshing. There is a fridge in your room – with a free half pint of milk and free bottles of water too – can’t complain! You also get a little fold out credit card sized map telling you all about the cool things in the Shoreditch/Hoxton area which was great for finding places to eat and go out. Extras were the best value – 50p for a can of coke at reception – same for a bar of chocolate - I think a beer was £1...! No rip offs here! Free broadband access in the lobby, pay per view movies were also cheap if I remember rightly and these little touches made the whole experience fantastic! I’ve just booked to go back again in a few weeks!In terms of eating – Wapping Food is great for a special occasion and Zigfrid von Underbelly on Hoxton Square is fab for a reasonably priced casual meal.In short, I wouldn’t stay anywhere else! (Unless there was no room at the Hoxton!)	
Jan 21 2008 	Excellent area and great value if you're lucky!	I tried to get one of the real cheapies at £1 but ended up paying £69 which is still a great price for a trendy hotel in London. We actually live round the corner but just wanted to try it out as we'd heard good things.The rooms are very comfortable, excellent power shower, big bed, fluffy pillows and duvet, a flat screen TV, and lots of dark wood.Others seem to like the Pret breakfast in a bag but I thought it was a bit cheap. Fair enough if you've only you spent £1 you wouldn't expect a full on brekkie in the restaurant, but otherwise I would.I would definitely recommend this hotel, particularly for young clubbing types who will appreciate the design and location.	
Jan 20 2008 	very nice rooms pricey though restaurant could be better.	Stayed for 2 nights and know the area very well, rooms really good, feather duvets and pillows, large clean bathroom with amazing shower. free milk and water daily.Restaurant was quite poor, service very slow, we stayed during The Great Winter Sale when meals were 1/2 price, which never happened even though I made it clear when booking restaurant, had to constantly check bills. BIG RIP OFF.Think rates are quite high most of the time £120.00 + and when booking you are charged full price at that time, you cannot change booking dates without having to pay again.As there is not much choice in that area they have a monopoly.	
Jan 19 2008 	Surely the best value hotel in Central London	Clean, modern, spacious and well located for a night out in Shoreditch. Having booked well in advance we were able to get a good deal on the room which means its an absolute bargain compared to the prices of other Central London hotels.You could tell that the hotel's not brand new as it could do with a new lick of paint but if you book early and get a good price then you can't go wrong with this no nonsense hotel.nice touches like breakfast from pret, power shower, milk in the fridge, free wifi ...downsides are probably that it is fairly noisy and our room was pretty hot despite it being January !(though there is air con)	
Jan 15 2008 	We love the Hoxton!	We stayed here while passing through London to meet some friends on Dec 27. We also recommended that they also stay at the Hoxton because we heard good things. The hotel was really wonderful and our friends loved it too.The rooms are somewhat small, but designed well so you don't feel it. Our rate for this night was 59 pounds. The free water bottle and coffee and fresh milk were really nice. The bagged breakfast was also good, just enough to start our day. The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful. We organized to meet a bunch of friends for dinner. More people turned up so the hotel staff reserved a few couches for them while we finished dinner. Food was ok, but I think that's how most places in London are. Drinks were also ok, but we were happy to be in such a cool space with such a friendly vibe!We came back to the hotel to stay for New Year's Eve and the hotel staff remembered us. Our room was not as great as the last one because the shower leaked a bit but we still can't fault this place. The rate for NYE was 99 pounds, but we were happy to pay it as this hotel is a real gem in London. We will return each time we travel back to London!	
Jan 15 2008 	Loved the Hoxton!	I agree with most of the reviews on here, the Hoxton is a great little place to stay. I paid £99, which compared to what you can get for that elsewhere in London was a bargain. Funky, clean, gorgeous soft sheets, comfy bed, amazing bathroom and free water! Check in and out was fine, all staff were very friendly and full of information about the hotel. Had a cocktail in the bar which had a great atmosphere and was full of saturday night revellers. Didn't eat in the Grille as the breakfast bag was sufficient, but looked nice. The only problem we had was that the room was very hot so we didn't sleep as well as we should have in the very comfy bed. In the morning we found the air conditioning controls - doh! I will definitely be staying here again, and i will be refreshing their booking page endlessly when the £1 and £29 room offers are next on!	
Jan 15 2008 	loved the Hoxton	Hoxton Hotel is a real find in London: it's got all you can expect from a design hotel, a nice lobby, fashionable and friendly restaurant, perfect trendy location, nicely designed rooms, but it is also cheap!We paid an average of 75 euros per night for a double, less than a hostel.I definitely warmly recommend this hotel, in nice and lovely Shoreditch area, near Old Street Tube on the Northern Line.Ask. if possible, for a room on the back on the 5th or 6th floor, so it will be quiet and with a nice open view.	
Jan 14 2008	Very Trendy	The hotel is very trendy and, to use a British term, even cheeky. But the services were pretty good and the room clean and well-appointed. The restaurant can be a little noisy if you have an inside-facing room. Also, as much as folks rave about the breakfast, it gets a little old after the first two days or so. The restaurant was still getting its sea legs and had some issues with service. But, all-in-all, it was a favorable experience and we would stay there again. Although, sadly, we did not come close to the low-low rates most folks on the site received. We also took note of some comments about the neighborhood, but didn't really find cause to support their claims.	
Jan 13 2008 	A rare bargain in London	This is one of the few bargains in London where you don't have to compromise comfort, cleanliness, and modern conveniences for price. I stayed there for two weeks in July 2007 for a business trip and enthusiastically returned for a two-day meeting in January 2008 when I paid ?79 a night. As a light breakfast eater, the included breakfast is great. The rooms are sparkling clean and quiet, although small. You also get free high speed Internet (wired or wireless), cheap international phone calls (10p a minute), and a nice restaurant off the lobby where special deals are available (before 7 p.m. there are 7 entrees for ?7, and through February there's a 50% off sale on all food items). For tourists, you could stay in the West End near all the attractions and be in a Victorian or Georgian era townhouse that's been converted to a hotel with ratty carpets, ancient bathrooms, soft saggy mattresses, an elevator that accommodates one person--and spend more money. The Hoxton is off the beaten path in the East End, but it's a 10 minute walk to the tube at Liverpool Street Station.	
Jan 10 2008 	A great stay!	We stayed at the Hoxton for 2 nights in Dec 07. It was a very comfortable experience. Particularly it was very cold outside, we had a warm &amp; comfortable feeling once entering the hotel.  The room wasn't big with just a double bed. But it had everything we need. We appreciate the idea that all the stuff inside the room can be used without additional charge. We had fresh milk, 2 bottles of water, many coffee and tea bags and free lite breakfast everyday. There're free newspapers (The Guardian) at the lobby. There is a free Wi-Fi service at the room. Or if you haven't brought your laptop, you can use the free &quot;Internet on TV&quot;? service (although it's difficult to navigate on the TV, it can suit your need to check some urgent e-mails, etc).  The phone call fee at room is cheap (3p per min for UK landlines, 5p per min for calling the US). Late checkout fee is also not expensive (5 pounds / hour after 12 noon). The bed was comfortable and the room was very silent. The temperature at the room was good. We had great sleep every night. The only shortfall is the area where the hotel is located. It is located at about 3 minutes walk from the Old Street tube station, which is quite convenient. However, the area around is not too pleasant for travelers I think. The neighborhood is quite silent and with few people especially at night. There're many office buildings around, but most of them seems unoccupied. There're very few shops around, with just 1-2 mini shops, fish and chip shop, etc. However, if you have a companion / a group of friends, I think it should be fine to stay in this area. In a city with such high living costs, we think the service / facilities provided by Hoxton are comprehensive and really think from the travelers' perspective. We'll stay there again if we visit London in the future.	
Jan 9 2008	Lovely anniversary stay	We went to the Hoxton for our anniversary this month. It was really good, I've stayed in a lot of nice hotels with my job, and this one was quite close to the best. We ate in the restaurant which was far better than I was expecting, and the restaurant breakfast was good as well (we took the complimentary one as a snack lunch - can't cope with yoghurt in the mornings). Only small issue we had was that the staff leaving the breakfast thumped on the door to alert us to it - and then again half an hour later. We hadn't asked for a wake-up call and were planning on a lie in, so it was most unwelcome. That was a tiny thing though in an otherwise excellent experience.	
Jan 7 2008 	Good hotel	Stayed here for a couple of nights in November. The Good:-The hotel is very, clean, funky and I have to say, the bed is most definitely the comfiest I have ever slept in. I want one of those mattresses for my own bed. The breakfast in a bag is a great idea and was more than enough for me. The food in the Grill was excellent and not at all expensive.The So-So:- The rooms are small (but perfectly formed) but the walls are paper thin. Booking a table for dinner was difficult. At weekends, this place is jumping and we had to book our table for 9.30 pm and go back to our room with a bottle of wine (albeit very reasonably priced for a London hotel) as we couldn't even get a space at the bar to wait for our table. The Not So Good:- As said before, the area around the hotel isn't the best and is pretty far from everywhere so you've really got to get the tube or a taxi to go anywhere. Old St Tube Station is desperately in need of a clean up and also needs to do something about the amount of beggars that are there. I would have found it quite threatening if I'd been on my own.Finally:- When we tried to check out, the receptionist was busy being a tour guide to a group of Germans. Great to be helpful and friendly and I can't believe that I'm moaning about this, but we were in a hurry to get to Gatwick and after 20 minutes we gave up as we couldn't afford to wait any longer. Other members of staff lurked around in the background unwilling to help at the desk and generally chatting amongst themselves. This is my last (and LASTING) memory of the hotel. All that said, it's a good hotel with good facilities and loads going for it. They try to do things differently and it works. Just need to get some of the staff on a customer service course and the place will be great.	
Jan 7 2008 	So much for so little	Great hotel paid average of 59 GBP per night, bargain. Room adequate size, great bathroom and facilities. Free internet downstairs a bonus. Restaurant a little pricey for breakfast but there are other cafes nearby that make for cheap and easy breakfasts, the free breakfast hung on door each morning is enough to get you going in the morn. Only gripe was that the pillows were not that comfortable and they are the only type the hotel have. That aside, no hesitation in recommending to others, would definitely stay here on return to London.	
Jan 5 2008 	You can please all of the people all of the time!	I had to organise a conference meeting and overnight stay for 26 professionals - all experienced world travellers and all with varying degrees of extreme fussiness and dietary requirements.The dedicated Hoxton events manager was terrific - dealing with constantly changing schedules and meal changes for our all-day conference room booking.Hoxton reservations - were very prompt at making the individual room bookings, but experienced some delays getting an e-receipt for the large sum we paid for 16 overnight rooms (staff turnover may have had something to do with this).However, as the person liable for getting it in the neck from 26 unhappy individuals - I am thrilled that the Hoxton exceeded expectations - everyone was delighted with their accommodation, the ambience, the food and even the location which was very convenient and accessible for different journeys to and from all parts of the UK. I think the Hoxton is definitely on their future itinieraries as somewhere to stay in London.I would thoroughly recommend the Hoxton.	
Jan 4 2008 	Brilliant hotel	We stayed at the Hoxton for the London marathon and were lucky enough to secure one of the hotel offers. I can honestly say that we were extremely impressed with the hotel. Checking in and out was very quickand efficient and the staff were extremely pleasant and helpful. We frequented the restaurant and the hotel bar and received excellent service in both areas. We didn't use room service but I found that thedelivered breakfast each morning was a great idea especially on the day of the run as I could take it with me to eat during the pre-race wait. All in all a highly recommendable hotel which we shall definitely use again.	
Jan 2 2008 	Does what it says on the blurb!	The Hoxton is a fantastic place to stay in London - clean, comfortable and friendly. The breakfast in a bag was great - just enouh to get you started each morning, the bedding was clean and comfortable (feather pillows - dreamy!) and the bathroom was equipped with a power shower. The towels aren't changed daily so you need to remember to hang those up and the rooms aren't huge but they are big enough if you are only there to sleep! The service charge in the bar is one to watch out for and they do charge your credit card upon check - in probably to ensure you don't 'do a runner'! (but they release the funds again when you check out if you don't spend the £40 they 'capture'). The area is near to the city and transport links are adequate - the only hurdle is finding the hotel from the tube station (took us a while but we got there in the end as it's down a bit of a side street). The Hoxton is situated in probably not the 'best' area of London and we did feel a little wary walking back there after our night out. Also, non residents use the bar and restaurant regularly. All that said, we would definitely go back - but would try to get one of the special rates rather than pay full price.	
Jan 2 2008 	Superb Value	Stayed in the Hoxton over New Year and was totally impressed by the whole place, even regardless of the amazing price. Paid a grand total of £29 per night (£99 on New Years Eve) which for any sort of hotel in London would be excellent - for a hotel as good as this is simply unbelievable. The staff were great, the room although small was tasteful and the shower top drawer (especially for pulling you round with a New Years Day hangover!) and the breakfast fine. Didn't eat in the Grille so can't comment on that but the bar area is really nice and was popular on an evening. In the immediate area, Favela Chic, a couple of doors down from the hotel is a funky little place and of course you have Hoxton and Old Street virtually on the doorstep. I can't recommend the place highly enough and if you can get in there early, some of the deals are really top notch. Would definitdly stay again when in London.	
Dec 31 2007 	Its good but not as good as people make out	I have read the reviews on here and they all seem to love this Hotel. It is a good hotel but once you look past the few nice touches it is no better than most other Hotels in London that charge £115 a night.The Bottles of water and milk in the fridge are very welcome and so is the decent quality coffee. The bathrooms are pretty impressive a spotless clean. The Local area Hox Guide is very useful and the funky art on the walls in the room is cool too. But once you have taken that all in it just becomes another Hotel.Room service is terrible. The Menu is tiny and the quality is dreadful. I didn’t like the yogurt in the breakfast bag but was told I could not change it for anything else so would have to pay extra fro breakfast in the restaurant – When you are paying more than £115 a night you would expect a choice of breakfast to be included.The lobby area has a bar and restaurant which are always packed with locals and guests. I couldn’t get a table so had to eat out as I couldn’t book a table when I didn’t know what time I would be eating.The Hotel does some offers from time to time where rooms start from £1 but when paying full price the hotel is on a par with many others – don’t get sucked in by a few nice touches here and there and see it for what it is, A HOTEL	
Dec 30 2007 	Loved the hotel but sour receptionist	I stayed at The Hoxton from 14 Dec - 17 Dec, and really enjoyed my stay here. Will definitely stay again if I can get a good deal. I didn't manage to get one of the £1 nights, but got one of the nights for £29, so the total cost for my stay was very cheap, considering the high standards of the hotel.The room was a really good size and I loved the comfy bed and the gorgeous bathroom. If only all London hotels were this size! (I've stayed in some really small ones...)The only reason for not giving it 5 out of 5, is the guy at reception who handled my check-out. He told me that I had had a bottle of wine in the room, which I hadn't. When I pointed that out, he didn't correct the mistake, but gave me a long, hard stare instead, clearly trying to get me to confess! I repeated, a bit more sternly, that I did not buy anything from the shop during my stay. Then he got angry with me, accusing me of yelling at him (what???) and telling me that he was only doing his job, as unfortunately they have problems with guests ordering room-service and then conveniently &quot;forgetting&quot; about it afterwards. He was so stroppy with me that it ruined some of my good impressions with the hotel. I saw another review complaining about a receptionist with bad attitude, must be the same one! All the other staff were lovely and they couldn't have been more helpful. I've written to the hotel and given them the name of the receptionist in question, hopefully they will send him on a customer service course :)But all in all: The hotel is lovely, the rooms are great and even though it is in East London, central tourist hotspots are not far away :)	
Dec 22 2007 	The Hoxton Rocks	I have to admit I didn't want to review this hotel because I didn't want to share it, but I see that I am too late... I wanted to ensure that I always have a room to stay at this hotel/urban lodge.I am really not sure where to begin, the hotel is overwhelmingly cool. The ground floor has an uber cool loungy area, a fabulous restaurant, free internet (not the cheap crap computers either, but super fast connection, flat screens etc), a gallery space and mostly a swank/posh feel to it all. Be warned, it is not only hotel guests that frequent the restaurant/lounge but scads of locals, it is advisable to make a booking (they do room service as well).I have never been to a hotel where every detail has been so thoughtfully and artfully executed. The rooms are super fun, super clean, and super cool. The washroom in our room was lovely black granite, and was spectacular and enormous. This was by far the comfiest bed of my entire 5 week trip, they didn't cheap out on mattresses or pillows - they are comfy and lofty. The duvet rocked, it was heavy and down filled and CLEAN - I actually didn't want to leave the bed, it was fabulous! The room is decorated with murals of London, the beds have super fun rock-paper-scissor pillows, and the sofa in the room is velvety and funky.Breakfast of course has been creatively thought up as well, they have partnered with pret-a-manger to serve simple breakfast fare. There are paper bags in the rooms, you fill out how many in the party, and your choices and leave it on the door, and in the morning they have hung the bag with food in it back on your door. Of course, the restaurant also serves breakfast, but for people like me who were on our way to a marathon that is Heathrow it was extremely efficient.I would say the most thoughtful thing that they have done is dream up &quot;The Hox Guide&quot;, which is a little fold out of all the cool things to do within walking distance. I am a bit of a foodie, and I was impressed that they had a dining guide... we went to one of the suggested locations and had probably one of the best pizza's EVER! The Hox Guide listed restaurants, Bars &amp; Pubs, Coffee stops (thank you), Clubs, Venues and Galleries, Places of Interest and Shopping. I was seriously impressed by this guide which included a map where all locations were marked off, it was brilliant (nice to not to have to rely on the Lonely Planet).Lastly, as above it was all in the details that this place excels, the flat screen TV’s are located in a beautiful wardrobe - not hanging off the wall where you are afraid to knock them off as you brush past them. There was a drawer which contained fun coffee's, teas,blow dryer etc. all items laid out carefully and labelled. There was a sign which pointed you in the direction of the fridge which had a 250ml carton of fresh milk for tea and coffee (none of the rubbish that you find at other hotels).Everything rocked about this hotel. I hope they branch out and open more hotels.	
Dec 19 2007 	Great hotel poor attitude.	Hoxton were running a special offer on rooms so we booked 3 nights.At first we got a little lost finding the hotel, the nearest tube station is Old street or a little further away is Liverpool street, when we did find the hotel we were a little worried about the area, its not a family friendly experience walking there in the dark.When we went in we were immediately impressed with the interior, it looked very funky and posh! the receptionist was friendly and congratulated us on getting the special deal (which meant 1 night of our stay was only £1).the corridors and the room was very different and exciting, the dcor was fab. The room had a very comfy bed, a flat screen tv, hair dryer, tea and coffee making facilities, a safe and a mini-bar, the bathroom had a walk-in rain shower too which really was the great.however... i guess our £1 night was our first night because it was very hot and we couldnt get the air conditioning going, our window looked onto an enclosed courtyard so we couldnt really get relief there, it really was so hot we couldnt sleep - so i went down to ask for assistance, i was told yes they knew about the problem but they couldnt do anything about it tonight, when i asked for an electric fan or something the assistant looked at me like i had just insulted his mother, he also said they had no other rooms so there was nothing he could do. That night was terrible i think i got about 20 minutes sleep altogether and that was sleeping on the ground beside the air conditioner.The morning after i went straight to reception to complain, they said they would send someone up, and someone did come up and instantly informed us that our room was 'very hot'! he had a look at our air conditioner and agreed it was kaputt but he couldnt fix it tonight so he unhooked our window, which to be fair made a significant difference, by night 3 the air conditioning was fixed and we sleep cool and soundly. we also visisted the bar on night 3 which was a thriving funky atmosphere.Its a shame the hotel is lovely but my experience was soured by one member of staffs resistance to 'exceeding the customers expectations'. I honestly was left with a 'what do you want me to do about it?!' impression which lowers my opinion of this hotel significantly.	
Dec 18 2007 	Hoxton fin	Stayed one night in the hoxton, great bathroom very clean, everything new and shiny. Bedroom fine too, probably wouldn't stay several nights because there is littlestorage space. Continental breakfast bag is ok too. Free internet access is handy and all staff were pleasant and approachable. Watch out for the 12.5% service charge in the bar, better off buying a half bottle at reception at terrific prices.	
Dec 14 2007 	Love dthe Hoxton for a while	I stayed at the Hoxton from November 28th to December 5th, when I accompanied my boyfriend on a business trip to London. His company chose this hotel because of it’s location to the office. Check in was a breeze, we arrived around 10 am and were able to check in early without event. The room was comfortable, but a bit small. There was only one small “closet” with maybe four hangers, and two empty drawers in the desk. There was nowhere near enough room for two people to put one week’s worth of clothes, and I had to leave my things in my suitcase on a chair. That, however is my biggest complaint. The prêt breakfast is a cute idea, although I got tired of the yoghurt by the end of the week, I appreciated having a free breakfast. The lobby offers four computers with free internet access available 24/7. The Grill was quite good, it offered a small selection, but there seemed to be enough choices to please anyone. I did wish the hotel was a little closer to the “action”, but it was convenient to the Old Street Station (under a 5 minute walk). We ate at the Great Eastern Dining Room right down the street, which was a fantastic Thai restaurant. All in all, I rate this hotel high. It was modern and cute, and the service was extraordinary. It would be perfect for a weekend stay, but if you’re planning on staying a week, you may want to look for somewhere with a little more room.	
Dec 4 2007 	great hotel but word of warning	My partner and daughter rented 2 rooms over the weekend of 16/17 November and can endorse the previous positive reviews but would like to share a word of warning. We returned to the hotel early saturday evening and straight away had a drink in the reception area. Unfortunately, when we returned to the room my partner realised that she had left her coat downstairs on her seat . When I went down it had been stolen. I know this can happen anywhere and she should have taken more care but it did spoil the weekend. The waiter said that he had seen the coat after we had left but had assumed that we had gone outside for a smoke so left it. Many non residents use the hotel bar so you need to take special care with your possessions.One other thing, we ate in the nearby Furnace pizza restaurant which was excellent.	
Dec 3 2007 	Loved the Hoxton	Stayed at the Hoxton for one night - a Saturday - check in was quick and easy and the staff on the reception desk were very helpful.The room was lovely and very quiet - despite being next to some building work, we couldn't hear it.Breakfast was good - you hang a paper bag outside your door and mark on it how many people want breakfast and at what time and you get a Pret a Manger yoghurt, orange juice and banana and there is fresh coffee, tea and milk available in your room.Location is great - 3 min walk from Old Street tube station. Would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 28 2007 	Really Great Hotel	What a great hotel! Really modern and funky, beyond what you'd expect for the prices. Great WOW factor when you walk in, all the staff are friendly, business like and efficient, the rooms are large enough, bathrooms cool and sexy, beds large and comfy - just make sure you ask for a courtyard room or a room at the back, as Great Eastern Street is always busy and noisy and not that attractive.Loads to do in Hoxton, though it doesn't really have a focus like the West End. Look out for the Geffrye Museum, Columbia Road on Sundays, Barbican, and eat at Canteen at Rochelle School for week day lunch.If you're happy to be away from touristy West End, and appreciate Londons more arty gritty areas then I can't recommend this hotel enough.	
Nov 26 2007 	Amazing hotel	This was a fantastic hotel. I booked it for my partner as a birthday surprise and it really went down a treat. The staff were great and friendly. I rang them a week before to let them know it was a surprise. They left us a card and a bottle of wine. Very clean chic and yet very cosy. I would most certainly be telling ALL my friends.	
Nov 22 2007	Best Hotel ever	The Hoxton is a gem. Reasonably priced but superb. Breakfast in a bag really hits the spot!	
Nov 19 2007 	Loved the Hoxton!!!!	I spent last weekend at the Hoxton Hotel and I I can honestly say that having stayed in loads of other London hotels, the Hoxton is by far the best!!!! I loved it and will definitely be back!!!!We arrived early at 11:30am and weren't expecting to be able to check in but luckily our room was ready. An added bonus!!!!The room was decorated in a really fab and modern way - the furnishings looked and felt like top quality and the bathroom was superb - No mouldy shower curtains here!!!!For me though, it was all the little touches that made the Hoxton so great - the fact that they provide a bottle opener/corkscrew, the little cartons of fresh milk and bottles of mineral water in the fridge, the fact that there is a safe available in the room and the free Pret breakfast bag in a morning. Oh, the little Hox Guide is a nice touch too.The staff all seemed to be really friendly and helpful, not that we really had any need to ask for anything other than where to leave our luggage on check out. The hotel bar is also a great place to drink. It's trendy, busy and not at all like the average hotel bar. We drank in there at some point during both nights of our stay.In previous reviews, people have mentioned that it is a bit far out of the centre and true, it isn't in the centre of the West End. However, it is only a couple of minutes walk from Old Street tube station so don't let this put you off.It's also true that the hotel isn't in the most scenic of areas but that doesn't matter as soon as you step into the lobby. The hotel looks and feels like it should be charging far more than it does - Let's hope it stays like it and doesn't try to cash in. A lot of big hotel chains could learn from the Hoxton!!!!!	
Nov 10 2007 	Fantastic new hotel	I love the decor of the rooms and lobby with open fireplaces. The only complain I had is the first time we went to the restaurant to have dinner, we were treated quite badly by the receptionist. That gave me a pretty bad first impression and a nasty taste in the mouth. To the be fair, all other staff for the rest of our stay were fantastic.The location is far from the westend but it is near all the comtemporary art spaces and galleries including the White Cube, it is also near the City so it's a fantastic hotel for business.	
Nov 8 2007 	Wow Factor As You Arrive	This has to be the best find in London. Booked this hotel for £30.00 per night plus £15.00 for an extra bed for my grandson.I read the reviews but did'nt expect the &quot;wow factor&quot; as I walked upto the hotel.The staff are amazing - friendly and helpful and nothing is too much trouble.The bedroom and bathroom has been well thought out and lots of things you find irritating in other hotels is resolved in the Hoxton.We asked for a room on the top floor and it was great - &quot;peace all night&quot;.The surrounding area is nothing to get excited about but a short trip on the underground to Camden gives you plenty of choices to eat and drink at prices very afforable.Definately would stay again!!	
Nov 5 2007 	Fantastic couldnt ask for more!	My partner and I have just got back from the Hoxton for our anniversary. We got a fantastic deal on the room, there always seems to be a deal on.The hotel was amazing at first sight. We were expecting chic, modern and 4* quality and that we definatly got. The rooms were a reasonable size with everything you could possibly need in them. The hotel was kept constantly tidy. The staff were really friendly and looked happy to be working! At the hotel is also a bar/grille. This was again outstanding. We actually enjoyed a 5* meal sat only a table away from the celebrity Tobey Maguire (Spiderman!) This hotel is so stylish and chic, dont miss out on an amazing experience.	
Nov 4 2007 	It works!	This concept works. For £99 it was great value. The room was modern and all reasonable bits had been thought of, including wireless internet. Even the unlikely-sounding arrangements for free breakfast hung on a hook outside your door in a paper bag was a success: the Pret a Manger &quot;yoghurt&quot; has fruit at the bottom and some granola on top, and the orange juice was of high quality. Good service, and nicely designed lounge area on the ground floor.One word of advice: avoid the Hoxton Grille.	
Oct 29 2007 	Lived up to expectations	We booked at The Hoxton after checking out the reviews from other Trip Advisors and we are pleased to say that the hotel lived up to our expectations.The staff:- Friendly &amp; EfficientThe Bedroom:- Good size for London! Lovely softy sheets and fluffy duvet. All mod cons. The supply of 'real' milk was much appreciated.Bathroom:- High spec, spotlessly clean, spacious shower - perfect!Location:- We arrived at London Euston - so just a couple of stops on the underground. Although not in the centre of the city, it is just a short walk from Old Street Underground Station - so accessing the city centre was no problem.We will certainly stay here again.	
Oct 27 2007 	great price for london	stayed at this hotel for one night on way through london payed £59 for the room about 2 months in advance. im giving this hotel 5 stars not because its the most luxurious hotel ive ever stayed in but because of the amazing value for £, the rooms are of a good 4 star standard and you get a free pret breakfast in the price delivered to your room! also free water and fresh milk is free in your room. there is free wi fi Internet throughout the hotel and free computers in the lobby, i have stayed in hotels of a smiler standard in london but payed twice the price. i would highly recommend this place!!	
Oct 22 2007 	Excellent experience!	The Hoxton is doing it right. I stayed here over the weekend and it was everything I hoped it would be. It seemed to cater to old and young alike. I am a single 27 year old and it was suited for me. You get all the stuff you would expect at a much more expensive hotel and more. One of the things I enjoyed most was the way they told you about normal hotel things. For example, the standard sign in the bathroom that asks you to re-use your towels to save the environment. Take a look at their website, I'm pretty sure there's a picture on there of this sign. They also provide a handy fold out with restaurants, bars, clubs, etc. within walking distance. Free internet, safe, hair dryer, pencil/pad, shampoo, etc. Plus, the shower was great!The furniture, fixtures and entire hotel is modern. The decorations are tasteful and fun to look at and use. The room was fitted with a desk, a TV a comfy bed and a lounge-type chair/sofa. Each floor had a different lighting scheme, so even when you're slightly woozy coming home from the bar, you could tell if you're on the right floor. Speaking of which, there were no internal noise issues for me. There was some noise outside in the street, but the hotel can hardly be held accountable for that.It seemed to be a meeting place for 20-somethings in the Hoxton area to meet, have a few beers, then head out onto the town. I didn't eat here, but it seemed as I sat at the bar that people were enjoying the food. The breakfast was perfect for me in that it's something I should eat, but never do. It's a banana, yogurt and OJ. It's delivered to your door every AM at a time specified by you. You get two free 500ml bottles of water a day plus milk, coffee, and tea.Anyway, I've rambled enough. I can't think of any cons to go with all these pros I've mentioned. The noise I experienced was in no way the hotel's or another guest's fault. Just some people working in the street under my window. This is a perfect place to stay that's affordable and an easy trip to all the sites in the city (about 2 blocks from Old Street tube station).I hope this helped with your decision on where to stay in London!	
Oct 14 2007	Luxury Budget	The best hotel I've stayed in in London where prices are normally exploitatively hideous and rooms tiny and noisy. The pluses: spotlessy clean, friendly &amp; helpful staff, great reasonably priced food in the Grille if you want a bigger breakfast (served until a wonderfully 'late' midday at the weekend,) plus lunch or dinner, good links to central London, 2 free bottles of chilled water and milk in the room (along with kettle, tea and coffee), free safe in the room, free newspapers, free internet access, comfortable bed with cosy duvet and squishy pillows, huge windows letting in loads of light etc etc etc.Also provided in the room is a pocket size fold-out leaflet with local map and loads of impartial recommendations about stuff to do, places to go, bars, restuarants, clubs, galleries, all within a one mile radius.The negatives: can't actually think of any!	
Oct 11 2007 	Loving the hoxton	We had a fantastic stay at the hoxton hotel. We stayed here for two nights mid-week to celebrate our anniversary. The location is a little off the main tramlines, but is only a five minute walk from the Old Street Tube station. The Old Street tube station is on the main northern line and is easily accessed so wasnt really a problem.the check-in girls were lovely. Asked if we had any preference for front or back views, or if we had any preference for a high or low floor etc We were then directed to a fifth floor room which was stunning. Really gorgeous bed and the pillows were to die for. The shower was big enough for two people although there was no bathtub.The phone rates are cheap. We called Ireland for over eight minutes and it cost us 21 pence. bottles of budweiser were £1.25 each and a tube of pringles was £0.71. The hotel restuarant is fab and the people are lovely. We probably wouldnt come back here again though, mainly becase we would like to be in the centre of all the action...however the hoxton was fantastic and we loved the general ambience!stay here...you wont regret it.	
Oct 1 2007 	Lovely hotel	I was lucky enough to get one of their £1 rooms but would have been just as happy paying the standard rate. Lovely modern hotel with friendly helpful staff. Rooms were lovely with everything you needed. The pillows and duvets were divine. The bathroom was lovely with a large walk in shower. Would definately recommend it.	
Sep 19 2007	Awesome and modern place but a little far from the action....	This place is really cool and modern with free internt - but.....it will cost ya $25 in a cab to get to the action.....there were a few nights that we stayed out until the tube had closed down so the cabs added up. But we got a great deal on the room so we thought it was worth it - and the free breakfast is really yummy! Highly recommend - just know that you are outside of the toursity areas.....	
Sep 18 2007 	Refreshing experience!	This one-off hotel has a great concept, which makes a refreshing change from the big branded hotels and pokes fun at them too. The hotel has an honest approach to their costs (50p for a bottle of water, 3p per minute for a phone call, free Internet) and has a great branding concept, making you feel comfortable and at ease. It is funky and has a cool vibe, it is just the location that lets it down, being a little off the beaten track.	
Sep 11 2007 	A refreshing change!!	My boyfriend and I were lucky enough to get a room for £1 with one of the Hoxton's promotions. The hotel looks fabulous on the website and I have to say, on arrival I was not disappointed. It is ultra modern, clean and funky. and the showers are really something else!!!! We ate in the restaurant which was fantastic, not overly priced and had a nice chilled atmosphere. I only have one tiny niggle, which is that the 'shop', as they call it, could be better stocked - when I had a chocolate craving at 1am all it could offer was Mars bars, chunky kit kats and twixes, which are my least favourites!!! A Galaxy or two wouldn't have gone amiss!!!But all in all, a fab hotel, where you can be sure that you will get exactly what ou see on the website, which you can't say about many places these days!!!	
Sep 5 2007 	wonderful stay!	My boyfriend and I have stayed in several different hotels in london and i have to say that the Hoxton was an absolute delight! For the price it is almost impossible to beat. We stayed at the Hoxton two weekends ago for a brief stay in london. The room was CLEAN, there was a free breakfast, and free internet with four computers in the lobby for guests to use. It was a short walk from the old street tube station, and it was just far enough outside of the center of town to not deal with a lot of the touristy side of london.If you are looking for a hotel that is in the center of london (i.e picaddilly/leicester square/covent garden this hotel is not for you) to get into that area is only about 5-10 minutes away on the tube, so you are literally minutes away from it all. I just want to make that clear in case you are disapointed in the hotels location.I thought the service was wonderful, the hotel itself is fun and has a really cool lounge/bar to hang out in and have a drink before going out or going to bed! I will definately stay here again and again!I would also like to add that this hotel has a very youthful vibe to it, and would recommend this hotel to the 18-35 crowd, although i am sure any age would feel welcome with this friendly staff.	
Sep 4 2007 	Affordable London @ Hoxton	With the US dollar down on its luck, it was painful to travel to London. But we were able to save a few bucks by staying at the Hoxton -- without having to scrimp on style or service. The rooms were a decent size and tastefully decorated, and it was so nice to have a fridge in the room. The bathroom was very sexy with its mood lighting and frosted glass door. Everyone that works at the hotel is incredibly helpful and laid back. The neighborhood itself is entertaining -- our morning walk past the just-closing Aquarium nightclub along Great Eastern Street to the Tube was filled with all sorts of characters. One very minor complaint is the lack of draft beer selection at the bar -- what's everyone's obsession with Stella Artois? We took a lap around the block and found a pub with Old Speckled Hen and Fuller's on tap at The Griffin. Would HIGHLY recommend this hotel!	
Aug 30 2007	Superior Hotel whose no-overcharging ethos is to be applauded.	Summary:A superior hotel, near Central London – the Hoxton Hotel’s no overcharging ethos is to be applauded in the rip-off capital of the world!When and why we stayed:We stayed here for 1 night in August 2007 during the Bank Holiday week-end – we were in London to see a show.Cost:We paid £59 for the room (including breakfast), booked via the hotel’s website. Room:We stayed in Room 423 on the hotel’s 4th Floor. The room was south facing with views of The Gherkin and Tower 42 (formerly the Nat West Tower), the tallest building in central London. The room was clean, well-decorated, modern and air-conditioned. It was well-furnished with a wall-mounted Plasma TV (Freeview platform channels available); queen-sized comfortable bed with a “100% duck down duvet” and Egyptian cotton sheets; a chaise-longue; desk; wardrobe; as well as a fridge. Complimentary half-litre bottles of water plus a carton of fresh milk are left in the fridge. The bathroom / toilet was slightly cramped but clean and modern, with a shower but no bath tub. The room also had a hairdryer; Internet connection point (free access); free-to-use safe; and a kettle (Twinings tea bags and coffee bags). Unlimited access to the movie channels cost £7:50 per day (Noon-Noon). Telephone calls cost an amazingly-cheap-for-a-hotel, 3p per minute for UK calls and 5p per minute to the US. There is no ridiculously-priced mini-bar! Inexpensive snacks and drinks are available from reception.Breakfast is delivered to your room. At check-in you are given a paper bag, to leave outside your room, having marked on it what time you want breakfast delivered. Our meal arrived on time and consisted of a Pret A Manger yoghurt with granola, orange juice and a banana. The Hotel:All public areas are clean and modern. We didn’t eat in the Hoxton Grille restaurant or drink in the bar. Free newspapers (The Guardian and The Observer) are available from a stand opposite the Reception desk. Our check-in and check-out was dealt with speedily and efficiently. When our shower developed a fault a call to Reception produced a prompt and successful visit from maintenance.Throughout the hotel there is free wifi for laptop users and there are also four PCs – all have free internet access. The ATM in lobby charges a £1:75 withdrawal fee – a notice on the machine directs you to the nearest free one! Hotel guest can use the nearby Market Sports Gym for £5. Show your room card and pay £5 on entry, then just collect your towel and locker key and get your kit on! Location:The hotel is near Central London, a 5 minutes safe walk from Old Street station. It is hard to believe that the hotel is in the London Borough of Hackney, one of the city’s poorest - the hotel’s locale is full of trendy restaurants and bars, clubs and loft apartments.  The city:In my opinion, London is one of the great cities of the world. Unfortunately, living nearby in Brighton has meant I have until recently overlooked this fact. The city has: history; great galleries and museums; splendid restaurants; theatres galore; and numerous must-see attractions. In the words of Dr Johnson: “… when a man is tired of London, he is tired of life; for there is in London all that life can afford.&quot; However, as a Brit I am embarrassed by the city’s capacity to rip-off and desire to fleece visitors: £50 theatre tickets to see an average production; £6 for 3 slices of foccacia bread and half a dozen olives at the Tate Modern’s restaurant; £9:50 admission fee to see St Paul’s Cathedral etc etc. The Hoxton Hotel’s approach is a welcome antidote to this malaise.  Feel free to E mail me if you require further information.	
Aug 28 2007 	Superb Hotel in every way	The Hoxton is a superb new 4* Hotel on the border of Shoreditch and Hoxton in North London.The rooms are funky and modern with excellent facilities within, no view as such but that wasn't much of a problem to us.The hotel has a great bar that serves superb cocktails by friendly staff. Locationwise, the bars and clubs of Shoreditch are 5mins walk, Brick Lane is 15mins walk and Old St Tube Station is 5mins walk.For value and quality I've not found a hotel in London to match it, and I'll be hoping to use it pretty much every time I need to stay in North London from now on.	
Aug 27 2007 	Excellent value at the Hoxton Hotel	We didn't expect to be able to find a London Hotel that would accommodate a family of five for 3 nights during the summer holidays for less than £300!! Having found the Hoxton through the TripAdvisor website we were a little sceptical that the reviews sounded too good to be true, but were delighted to find a stylish, CLEAN, friendly hotel with good links to central London (5 mins walk to the nearest tube station or a bus stop just up the road (1/2 hour bus journey to Oxford Circus).Our children weren't too keen on the breakfast banana bag idea but easily found something more to their taste from the hotel restaurant. The hotel staff were all very polite, friendly and helpful. The Hoxton would definitely be our first hotel of choice should we come to London again.	
Aug 24 2007 	Style on a budget	I stayed last weekend at this smart hotel in Shoreditch (5 minutes from Old Street tube). Situated in a not too attractive area but the nearby trendy bars and clubs and nice restaurants made up for this. The 243 bus stopped just around the corner and in less than 15 minutes I was in Covent Garden.What you see is what you get, the photos on their website give a very good impression of the room and public areas. The bed is superbly comfortable and the bathroom is really swish, loved that power shower and it's so nice to have a shower cubicle with loads of room. View from the window was of an internal space with ventilators and air-con units but that didn't spoil my stay. The take away breakfast was fine, there was a small cafe just a couple of doors away for those who need the full English and are reluctant to pay the hotels price.The staff were friendly and helpful and it was so nice to have a luggage room where I could leave my case as my train home was not until the evening.All in all a good experience, I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Aug 24 2007	It's all True	Clean, quiet, modern, relaxed. Super comfortable beds with everything you need for a great stay. Modern TV, hairdryer, safe deposit in room, even fresh milk and complimentary bottled water. An excellent choice hotel - but make sure you book in advance and get the super cheap deals on offer. Can't be bettered in London (or anywhere!) at those prices.Small tip - get there early and try to get a room in the middle of the building, off the main road, if you can.	
Aug 23 2007 	Good value for money	Like many others i found this a very nice hotel. I would note that there is a lot of outside noise but this was expected after reading the reviews on tripadvisor website. However i would note that it dies down after around 1ish and i didnt have an problems sleeping on the friday/saturday night and my girlfriend slept through every night.the hoxton has a good position in london. 2 stops from st pancras makes for an easy arival and departure. it is a couple of stops from all the major attractions.the free breakfast was ok but is merly a nice extra and i had no problems with it and all bananas turned up! the breakfast in the hotel restaurant is ok but a little overpriced at £8. A 1 minute walk will get you to a cafe selling english breakies at £3.50 - much better value.the key to this hotel is value for money. it is a lovely modern hotel at a price you would not expect to pay. I also bought direct through the hotel - 3 nights for £177. I have paid an awful lot more for London hotels and have not as near as satisfied.Pluses : Room lovely. Bed and Bathroom and TV fantastic. Free papers and continental breakfast. Good location - near to some restaurants and bars in a trendy part of London.Minuses : Only the noise was a mall issue here.Recomendations : Ask for a quiet room. If you get one you will appreciate it.Be careful with Old Street Sation. There are many exits but unfortunately i have forgotten the one you need. If in doubt call the hotel and they will direct you. I walked a mile in the wrong direction before i rang!This is a hotel hat will suit young couples/ individuals. I believe the rooms will only cater for 2 adults + a child cot - so kids who need a bed will have to have a serparate room.All in all a very good hotel, worth the trip and i will be returning to this hotel for every trip to London i take. Very nearly a 5/5 if not for the noise but find me a better hotel at £177 and a quiet hotel in London and i will be impressed.	
Aug 21 2007 	Cheap but oh so chic!	Cheap but chic!  We paid around £59 for a room as a treat, as we were going to be out late in Old Street and didn't fancy the night bus home. I fully expected to be disappointed but from start to finish, it was a pleasure. Awesome staff, great room ( I wanted to take the duvet home with me...), very comfortable, funky interior and I loved my Pret breakfast. Would highly recommend!	
Aug 20 2007 	Love the Hoxton	We have stayed at the Hoxton before and will continue to do so whenever we stay in London. Amazing value for money and still a lovely hotel. Rooms are great with excellent bathrooms. Would recommend this hotel to anybody. Lots of great bars etc in the area and it really isn't far to central London by taxi or tube.	
Aug 19 2007 	Close but no cigar	We had a generally very enjoyable stay at this hotel over the first weekend of August but there were some issues.Room: This was excellent and could not be faulted. The bathroom was great, as was the TV and bedding. The fresh milk and water each day were a good touch and it was refreshing to see high quality tea and coffee in the room. The free guide to Hoxton was very useful.Reception: very friendly and (generally) efficient. A free copy of the Guardian/Observer was most welcome. The 4 free internet terminals were a real bonus as I had decided against taking my laptop.Breakfast: This was a real diappointment. On one of the three mornings a banana was missing and on the last morning they only delivered one breakfast rather than two!Noise: On the Friday and Sunday nights we found the hotel to be unacceptably noisy. We suspect this was partly beacuse our stay coincided with the Shoreditch festival.We felt there should have been some warning about the likely level of noise.My other minor complaint was that on the first morning the hotel failed to wash one of our mugs and replenish our tea bag supply. When I asked for this on the Saturday night I was told it would be done by 8 am on the Sunday morning but it wasn't and I had to ask again (and the receptionist gave me tea bags straight away so why hadn't the guy the night before?)However, overall the hotel was excellent and represented very good value at £147 for three nights (the earlier you book the cheaper it is) and I would definitely stay again. However I feel it has some work to do if it's to justify being as pleased with itself as it seems to be from its website.	
Aug 11 2007 	Fabulous hotel	Exceptional value for money when booking in advance.Rooms stylish and efficient.Bathroom a dream!Well located with shops and markets within walking distance.Great restaurant in the hotel.	
Aug 4 2007 	If only all hotels were like this	Had a brilliant night's stay here. Decorated in quirky and modern style and spotlessly clean. Good internet facilities. Flat screen TV. Free spring water in the fridge in the room. Extremely comfortable bed. Air-conditioning you can adjust yourself. I would definately stay there again.Only downside was that our room overlooked the bar which was noisy. We were out until very late so it didn't bother us, but if you wanted to stay in I suggest you ask for a quieter room.Might be too 'young and trendy' for older people who prefer a more traditional hotel.	
Aug 3 2007	Loved this hotel!!!!!	The hotel was spotless, the service excellent and friendly and the restaurant and bar was awesome!! Our rooms were roomy and comfortable and we had unlimited wireless computer service either in our room on our TV or at 4 terminals in the lobby. We received a light breakfast every morning in our room that consisted of a fresh banana, fresh yogurt and orange juice.The restaurant food was marvelous and the presentation was wonderful. I would recommend this hotel to everyone. Oh yeah, it was a very small price for a 5 star hotel.	
Aug 2 2007	Fantastic	We stayed here for one night and got a room for the promotional £29 Rate. The hotel was brilliant, room was a good size spotless, modern with lovelyDecor.Its about a 5 minute walk from The nearest tube station and is minutes fromvarious pubs and restaurants. The Free breakfast was fab.The fresh milk and bottles of water in the fridgewere a nice touch too.Would have no problems staying here again, even paying full rate. Staff werefriendly and helpful, everything about the hotel was fantastic nothing to fault.	
Jul 31 2007 	The Hoxton was a revelation!	We booked the Hoxton for a week's stay through [--] and got a great deal. I had researched many of the &quot;budget&quot; (not budget at all when you consider what the US dollar gets, but that's another story) hotels in London and this was the best deal for an acceptable-sounding modern hotel we found. I think it worked out to about 75 pounds/night, which is fantastic considering all the amenities.In addition to everything everyone else mentioned, like the nice breakfast (which does get old after 7 mornings there, but hey, it's free!), free wi-fi, pretty sizable room, quality linens, and wonderful shower, they had calls to America at 5p a minute! Unheard of, right?The only drawbacks we saw were that you couldn't really leave the window open at night without suffering from lots of noise -- we were facing the back and it seemed the garbage trucks came multiple times a night! Plus people would walk back to their cars, talking, in the middle of the night. But we learned to keep our window closed, and the AC worked great.We had drinks in the bar area one night and shared the mini burgers, which were excellent and pretty reasonably priced. Service was lackluster, but hey, that was London all around (no offense meant -- we're just used to overly friendly US service -- &quot;hello, my name is Joe and I'll be your server tonight&quot;).All in all I would highly recommend the Hoxton! Neighborhood was great to explore and we walked everywhere from there -- only a couple miles to the Tower of London, to Southwark, and to the British Museum. It's really quite easy to avoid the tube!	
Jul 22 2007 	Very good hotel for the price and location	I stayed two nights midweek and paid GBP99 for one night and GBP79 for the other. For this you get a reasonably-sized room with bathroom including rain shower, mineral water, tea and coffee etc. Flat screen TV in the room, but no access to the AV so you can plug in your laptop but not then see the DVD playing ...Included is also a Pret Light Breakfast, which is a banana, orange juice and a small granola yoghurt.The hotel is about 5 mins on foot from Old Street underground station and 15 mins from Liverpool Street.Tip - ask for a room as high up as they can and facing inwards, the traffic from Great Eastern Street kept me awake the first time I stayed there.Oh, and the wifi is free, so make the most of it :-)	
Jul 20 2007 	Funky Lodge	Described as an Urban Lodge - we were a bit worried that it was not really central to the area of London we needed but the price was great and the write ups excellent so gave it a go. Really glad we did. It was cheaper than a travel lodge, well sited for the Old Street tube with some really good bars and restaurants close by. And was a real experience compared to most hotels. Described by my partners son as &quot;out of the set for Aliens!&quot;But don't be put off - this comment was about the corridors - the rooms were more comfortable in appearance and were a good size, extremely clean with a great shower room (almost wetroom). The staff were very helpful, the whole feel was very informal but well run. The wall mounted flat screen TV was a definate hit with the men!	
Jul 20 2007 	Great hotel	My friend and I booked a twin room here at the end of June - and got a pretty good deal from the website. Two nights - 69 pounds each night.The room was well-decorated (we loved the rock/paper/scissors pillows) and the bathroom was surprisingly big. The breakfast was a nice touch. We also made use of the free internet/computers in the lobby and had a drink at the bar one night. The area around the Hoxton (a couple minutes walk) was fun - lots of little bars/pubs and young people. We met up with people who actually lived in London, as opposed to tourists.The only thing I didn't like about the Hoxton was the messaging/alarm system. Someone left me a message, so the TV would beep and we were supposed to be able to check and delete the message, but we ended up having to have someone come up and completely unplug the TV. Other than that, I would absolutely recommend this to anyone looking for an affordable, modern hotel in London.	
Jul 20 2007 	Echo	Having spent the weekend of the 13-15 July at the Hoxton, I can only echo the great reports from others. Why aren't all hotels like this? Early checkin was available on the Friday to drop our bags. Room overlooking the courtyard. I would use this hotel again. For information Jamie Oliver's reataurant is close by. Excellent food.	
Jul 18 2007	A fantastic hotel at a great price	This is an absolutely wonderful hotel. The rooms are comfortable and immaculately clean. The bar and restaurant are great and the location is convenient.	
Jul 18 2007 	Excellent Stay at the Hoxton	I was alerted via a deals website to the room auction that the Hoxton held earlier in July and we were lucky enough to get a room for £1. I had no idea what to expect as I hadn't had a chance to read reviews before booking but once we had read them I was really looking forward to our stay and we were not disappointed. The rooms are small but really well designed, very comfortable bed and a great bathroom - also decent coffee which is a rarity! Great location with good local restaurants and an easy walk to lots of touristy things (Tower of London, St Pauls etc).To be honest I only booked this as it was ages since we had had a night in London and at £1 I wasn't too bothered what the hotel was like. As it turned out our only regret was that we hadn't booked a second night at full price. The room auction was a great marketing play as we will certainly return and would recommend it to anyone.	
Jul 16 2007 	Loved the Hoxton	We had already booked the Hoxton Hotel for our annual week in London, for August of 2007, however, we found an absolute bargain and decided to stay for two nights in July, prior to our main stay.Having stayed in many decent four and five-star London hotels I was a little concerned with the Hoxton being a mere three-star establishment, but my fears didn't last long. We arrived by the nearest tube (Old Street), practically the heart of the City of London and enjoyed a leisurely stroll to the hotel, taking about five or six minutes.The area surrounding the Hoxton could be said to be a little run-down, however we found the area to be relatively safe and otherwise nothing of great concern. As we approached the hotel it looked rather modern and to quote others, 'trendy'. We approached the check-in desk in the main lobby passing the bar and lounge areas. We were very efficiently checked-in and dispatched to our room. On the day that we stayed there had been a problem with the computer that controls the access cards and so we were personally led to our room by a member of staff. This problem didn't last and within an hour or so the cards were activated.As we entered our room from the ultra-modern hallway we found, what on first inspection appeared to be, a small room. However the use of space was excellent and we didn't struggle for room at all. The cleanliness, decor and quality of the room and fittings was of the highest order. The adjustable LCD television above the desk made viewing from the bed a delight. Inside the fridge we found a complimentary quarter pint of fresh semi-skimmed milk and two bottles of mineral water. None of those awful UHT thimbles here! The bed was pure heaven, the heavy and plump pillows were dressed in the same crisp white, and rather expensive, linen as the rest of the bed and the whole sleeping experience was divine. The en-suite shower-room was tiled from floor to ceiling and the shower itself was one of the most pleasant in the whole of London. The strong shower never struggled for either power or heat and made cooling-off on a warm July day excellent. Unlike many London hotels, the cleanliness couldn't be faulted. The towels are extra-large and very soft; we also found extra towels and two extra pillows in the wardrobe.The extras in this hotel were very important to us; the free Wi-Fi internet access was easy, nothing to set-up and it worked instantly and was much quicker than our home broadband connection. The complimnetary breakfast of a banana, orange juice and yoghut (all Pret Manger) was always delivered at the time selected by us. The fruit was very fresh and the yoghurt excellent.There is a sense of down-to-earth honesty here that I have never experienced in any of the many pretentious hotels that I have stayed in. The telephone calls are charged at 3p per minute for national rate calls, instead of the usual pounds-per-unit price that other hotels charge. There is also a shop in the hotel selling chocolate, crisps, nuts and drinks and all at newsagent prices. A can of Coca-Cola cost just 50p.We did not use the restuarant on this visit so we therefore cannot pass comment, we'll save that for our August review.In conclusion, we would now always consider this hotel as our first choice in London. It's excellence is beyond comparison with similar hotels.	
Jul 15 2007 	Watch your credit card statement after booking beware "requests" for twin room	My partner booked one night for us + sister and mother several months in advance. We requested 1 double and 1 twin room and booked online. First problem was they charged the credit card for 3 rooms. OK, an easy mistake possibly, but trying to remedy this was extremely frustrating - they ignored emails, so we phoned them several times. Trying to speak to someone who understood the concept of overcharging and was authorised to do something about it was so difficult that we were close to filing a formal dispute via the credit card company when they agreed to refund the card. They mistakenly seemed to imagine we were trying to cancel the booking or something.On the day we arrived they telephoned a couple of hours beforehand as a &quot;courtesy call&quot; [their words] to say that we didnt have a twin room, just two doubles. When we protested that we had booked several months before and that this was a little inconvenient, they became stroppy. They made it clear that any misunderstanding was 100% ours because we failed to realise that we could only 'request' a twin room and a &quot;request&quot; was precisely that . They did not accept that it would have been good customer practice to inform us at the time of booking that a request for a twin room could not be met.My advice to anyone booking this hotel - 1) watch your credit card statement, and 2) don't imagine that any 'unusual' requests such as for a twin room will be met - and don't expect them to inform you till it's too late to make alternative plans 3) avoid having to speak to anyone there - assuming you can get through, reservations staff have poor communication skills and no concept of customer care. Shame we won't be coming back after this as there are many positive points echoed by others on this site.	
Jun 25 2007 	Fantastic hotel!	This is a superb hotel, stylish with superb decor, friendly and helpful staff and wonderful comfy rooms with a lovely en-suite shower. I never want to leave. Have stayed on a couple of occaisions and recommend it for a break just to get away and relax there. The restaurant in the lobby is superb, highly recommend the steak which comes on a chopping board with a metal vase holding the chips which stay hot! The place has such style with special touches you don't get from other hotels. No UHT milk in the rooms - fresh cartons in the mini bar. Free newspapers, 24hr room service, and wonderful decor throughout. If only all those chained hotels would follow this as an example. The value for money is superb and I have been told there are fab places close by to go to but I can never leave the hotel. Fab cocktails, food and a wonderful bedroom....why would I want to go out!!?Cannot recommend this place highly enough. Emily	
Jun 24 2007 	Our new London Base	Having read some mixed reviews of the Hoxton Hotel we were not expecting much but having only paid £70 per room per night for a double we planned to spend the majority of the time out on the tiles and use it as a base. Its in Shoreditch, an area thats becoming very popular in London and is situated 5 mins walk from Old St Station. We arrived to an atmosphere of a busy bar but the reception was easily found and the staff were very efficient and friendly. The room was very clean and very modern. Nice dark furniture, stunning sheets, flat screen TV and a chiase long! The bathroom was equally good. All the rooms are the same and only differ in the view from the window. We freshened up and went to explore the bar further. Its a circular space around a modern courtyard with an outdoor drinking area surrounding a tree. The bar itself was a modern blend of Highland Grandure and urban clean industrialism with a beautiful paper sculpture of a flying eagle! (You have to see it to believe it!) We quickly settled in and drank into the night finishing, long after the non-residents had been asked to leave, with a G&amp;T to take up to the room. Sunday we just relaxed with papers and the best English breakfast London has to offer. This is a hotel for social people and not a quiet getaway, that said however getting an available room mid week is almost impossible due to the business clients that know a good hotel when they see it.	
Jun 24 2007 	Would recommend this hotel for older not just younger travellers!	I stayed one night at this hotel with my husband. We are aged 58 &amp; 60 respectively. Although this is a great hotel for younger people, I think it is also good for older people who want a clean, modern, comfortable environment without paying the earth! I think the phrase &quot;luxury budget&quot; which I saw somewhere sums it up nicely. Other contributors have given good descriptions of the facilities, so I won't repeat these. I would just like to add that I have stayed at many hotels on business where I felt uncomfortable as a lone female, but I would have felt comfortable as a single traveller staying here.	
Jun 23 2007 	Probably the best deal in London	I had a business engagement in the Hoxton area and I had suddenly remembered reading a review of the Hoxton Hotel when it had opened last year. So the location for me was perfect straight off. I had not expected to find such a gem of a hotel though. It did its job perfectly. I arrived before check-in, but I got my room immediately. The place looks far more expensive than it is. The design is probably best described as funky alternative boutique. This is totally in keeping with the Hoxton area. The place is so cheap [I paid £79 for one night] that you could easily justify lunch at the Rivington Deli just around the corner - this is a serious restaurant of the Ivy and Caprice group. It would be really easy to spend more there for lunch for two, but it was superb.Another local feature is the White Cube Gallery - Damien Hirst's £50m diamond skull was on display there. I know that other reviewers have commented on the shabbiness of the area - but you can seek out some great things to do. I would say that the only downside of the hotel is that it's a couple of changes on the tube to get to the West End. But that is not too much of a hassle.All in all, my remaining concern will be - can they keep it running at a profit? When you pay just £79 for a night and get well designed rooms, flat screen tv, a superb power shower, high quality bed linen, fresh coffee, milk, mineral water, free newspaper, breakfast all in - how do they make their money?I usually stay in 5 star hotels in London. From now on I'll check out the Hoxton first!Stay there while you can!	
Jun 21 2007 	Other hotels - take tips!	Great hotel where it really shows someone has sat down and actually THOUGHT about what customers want, like and need! And all at very reasonable prices for London! Restaurant is good, too. The whole ethos of retail not rip-off prices stands true for the drinks and snacks you can buy at reception - a refreshing hotel and I will stay there again.	
Jun 20 2007 	Was excellent	I found this hotel through a valentines special offer and got a deal on a double room. I loved the modern design, soooo much nicer than the chintz &amp; lace that you find elsewhere in Britain. The bed was comfy and facillities great.It was very clean and bathroom was fab, I really enjoyed my 1 night stay, will definitely go back again and recommend to all my friends.Breakfast there is delivered in a brown paper bag, containing juice, yoghurt &amp; banana, I enjoyed it tho it might not be to everyones taste, I think there were options if you wanted a heartier breakfast at an extra expense. Do put out your do not disturb sign tho as the cleaners are eager in the morning. The staff were friendly, they helped us with directions and asked how we were on several few occassions (but wasn't in an intrusive annoying way).It's the best hotel I have ever stayed in.	
Jun 20 2007	Great Hotel / Great Value	The Hoxton was great. The rates are outstanding for a hotel with the amenities offered, even more so for the very pricy city of London. Hotel rooms had everything that we wanted during our stay (free wi-fi, early check-in, great bathroom, great bed, AC, flat-screen tv, safe). The staff was very helpful.The location of the hotel was better than expected. The Hoxton area has a great selection of trendy bars/restaurants and was hopping every night. Furthermore, the hotel is a 2 minute walk from the Old Street station.	
Jun 19 2007 	compact and funky!	we booked a special deal thru thomas cook @sainsburys with rail travel and hotel to the hoxton and it was excellent value for money! 2 nites at the funky hoxton, we did get a lil lost in the pouring rain but it was easy to find from the underground when we grasped where we were!hotel room was compact but very modern and up to date, flat screen tv and the best showers i have ever had! shame the doors leaked!room service was good if a little pricey but the staff are very helpful and being able to get a mars bar at midnite has its advantages!	
Jun 18 2007 	Excellent! Is a bargain!	Just stayed for 2 nights - had no complaints at all - its fabby modern, free internet, great relaxed lounge area - rooms are ideal and have everything you need!Bar is slightly on the pricey side - £6 for a baileys etc but guess it is London.We will be back!	
Jun 14 2007 	An Awesome Gem in London	I loved this hotel. As a Canadian I was worried about finding a decent hotel in London for a reasonable price (our exchange is awful). Then I found the Hoxton.We spent five nights there. The room was a good size for London (ie. we could stretch our arms out the bed and not touch the walls) and the bathroom was lovely with a big vanity and a nice rain shower.The room was clean with a hip vibe. You have a flat screen TV giving you a few channels but no satellite which surprised me a bit. The bed was super comfy and you even had fresh milk for your tea and coffee in your fridge along with 2 bottles of water every day.The hotel has 5 internet stations you can use for free and even internet access in your room from the TV (a bit fiddly though).The location is very good. Hoxton is a pretty hip area (visit the Columbia Road flower market on Sundays for a treat). Lots of good restaurants. Good tube connections as well.The staff were friendly and I felt like I got good value for money. The downstairs bar seemed pretty popular on a Fri/Sat evening as well.	
Jun 13 2007 	i will be back!	Booked thru the hotel website. got the sat and sun night price at 79 and 29 pounds respectively. booked way in advance and i think it was an extremely good deal. breakfast was not amazingly nice but pret's breakfast provided was decent for me. hotel room was not small, we could even put an extra bed. flat screen relatively wide tv was great. design was great and trendy. toilet was cool! i loved the showers. design was practical as well. loved the mini fridge which had fresh milk and water, which served me well. most importantly, its extremely clean and i liked the fact that each guest had a key each.hotel staff, friendly and helpful. reacts fast to issues as well. free wifi at the ground level was a plus. free newspaper in the morning was something i appreciated. lobby is small but very nicely designed. the toilets in the lobby was cool!for sure, im staying in hoxton the next time i arrive.only negative its the problems that can occur if you are in london when the tube at old street is closed.however, there are busses available to camden, waterloo, holborn, oxford st. etc etc. everything is fine as long as you are not carrying a huge luggage with hand luggage as well. be prepared to have a workout on day 1 of check in and last day when u check out.	
Jun 12 2007 	at last not a hotel rip off !!!!!	at last not a hotel rip off !!!!! not the usual hotel experience, from the hoxton , forget this is not the best area of london , as the hotel itself is a refreshing change from the norm ..... FREE botted water , FREE FRESH milk (both in fridge ), not instant coffee , quality breakfast delivered to your room when you want it , FREE internet access , CLEAN rooms and bathroom , great freindly staff , not your usual hotel and at a great price .... i hope the others will follow , but i doubt it !!!	
Jun 8 2007 	A different hotel from the norm	I stayed in this hotel overnight on business. I selected on a recommendation and being handy to the venue I was attending.I felt uncomfortable walking to the hotel, the area isn't very nice.Was pleasantly suprised when I got to the hotel. the reception staff were extremely friendly and the ambiance quite funky and trendy. The corridors are quite dark and eery for me but some would say trendy.The room was nice again very trendy, fab toilet and walk in shower, nice double bed. It had a lot of good features, mini Fridge with water and milk. Coffee and tea making facilities, room service. Breakfast was good, you just hang a paper bag outside your door and state your preferred time and you get fresh orange juice, yogurt and a banana. Alternatively you can go to the restaurant for a cooked breakfast.Check out was fast and again staff on reception excelled themselves .I really liked this hotel but not the area it was in.	
Jun 6 2007 	It's 100% true	Spent 2 nights in Hoxton in May 19 and 20. First impression was good already! The hotel lobby looks exactly like website. I arrived in the morning so the room was not ready yet. Staff were kind enough to put my luggage to the storage room!Checked in late afternoon. Very fast and smooth process. I have to say all staff are very friendly, and they have the passion to work!Room was very clean, and very spacious! Room is tastfully decorated. The cushion on bed add some fun to it! There is no bath but shower, which also makes the bathroom looks bigger. There is a piece of Pear soap provided. My suggestion is: Provide 2-3 smaller sizes of soap, so that guests can use differnt soap to wash hands and take a shower.Free breakfast deliver to your door is also a PLUS! The whole idea is just cute and so handy! Because last day of our stay, we had to rush to waterloo station. So we can just grab the bag and go!The hotel is not located in the core area. But Old Street tube station is only 5-8 mins walk. But make sure you take the right exit.I got lost one day since I mixed up the exit no. of tube! I tried to make a long distance call from hotel room. It didn't work at the beginning so I called front desk. Still didn't wor. I called them at least 3 times but staff were very patient. At the end they sent a staff come up the room (it was around 11pm) to fix it for me. When I checked out, the long distance bill was very reasonable. A 10 min long distance call to Canada, only cost me 30p!!! It's 100% true fromthe website: No rip off charges!!!I highly recommand it to travellers with no kids. It would be a perfect place for business people (there are 4 computers at the lobby to use). This place is not only good for young people, but alsoolder crowd. But mind that the hotel is in a trendy mood and staff wear polo shirt. If you are looking for traditional hotels like Hilton, with the uniform dressed porter service, don't stay here.I won't stay in other places except Hoxton, if I'm going back to London.	
Jun 1 2007 	Good for London	Rather than just say good things about this hotel like everyone else let me say a few negative things first. The room we had was quite small. We were there for 4 nights so we have cases and there is really no where to store these so the nice sofa we had was taken up with them (there isn't a lot of floor free either). The view out the window was fairly industrial but then from reading other reviews it was quite.Having said this all what other have said is true as well. There was some nice features in the room, not least the shower and decor. Also the mini-breakfast was great (yogart, juice and a bananna) coupled with the ground coffee in the room it tied you over to lunch very nicely.The free internet in the lobby was great for checking out stuff in London and it was fast. The restuarant and bar were good as well but like most of London some what expensive. The staff were good and friendly while not overly friendly.The area is okay but not great but to be honest that had it's own charm. The tub is only about 5 minutes away so that was very handy. We will certainly go back here next time in London	
May 22 2007	Problems with reservations - warning	I booked a double room for two nights at the Hoxton hotel and had to change my booking to another date. I wanted to cancel initially, but was told that this was not possible according to the terms and conditions of the booking. I was then told that I could always change my booking, as long as I did this 48 hours in advance. I needed to change my booking again (both times for good reasons) and was told by a different member of staff that I couldn't change my booking at all (this time also referring to the terms and conditions). I'm still in negotiation about the booking, but I would like to warn anybody who is considering booking this hotel that the terms and conditions are not like every other hotel that I've stayed in and that you risk losing your money even if something happens outside your own control. Despite the good reviews of this hotel, I don't want to risk this again and will not book this hotel again.	
May 8 2007 	efficiency without formality	We have just returned from an excellent two night stay at the Hoxton. The staff are efficient and friendly without being stuffy or formal, rooms are large with modern bathrooms and walk in showers. The hotel is customer focused, excellent value for money, modern and contemporary and shows a great attention to detail. All this and in a great area as well - Hoxton has a great night life for all ages if you are young at heart. We will definately stop here on our next london visit.	
May 8 2007 	Feels like boutique at travel hotel price	Just back from a long weekend here. Excellent time, such a bargain, nice clean rooms, great shower (big enough for two), staff with personality and in a central location (10 min walk from Liverpool St). It is also next door to the Medicine bar so just convince your mates to end the night there and you can walk home. Highly recommended. Not too many people over 40 there so it could be just for the young at heart.	
May 6 2007	Great hotel	Great hotel, Old Street tube station was closed but Liverpool Street was only a 10-15 minute walk. Lovely bar (Cantaloupe) just over the street for lunch. Rooms &amp; bathroom excellent. I stay in London about 4 or 5 times a year &amp; will not look elsewhere in future. Jamie Oliver's restaurant Fifteen is also only 5 minutes walk away &amp; does a great breakfast for the same sort of price as the hotel restaurant.Great value for £79 a night.	
May 2 2007 	Great hotel in a fab neighborhood	The Hoxton offers outstanding value in a great location. The rooms, while small, are very comfortable and outfitted beautifully. You could make a week of it staying here, without even getting on the Underground. There's plenty to see and do within easy walking distance (duh, this is London.) Great for business or pleasure.	
May 1 2007 	Hip Hoxton	On our recent trip to Italy with London as bookends, we stayed at the Hoxton and loved it. I get suspicious of some good reviews as being from the hotel staff but I have to say that all the kudos for this hotel have been correct. Though not in the center of London, it's very easy using the 55 Bus to get into to the center of things (the tube is a bit more cumbersome and more expensive). The hotel is very sleek and hip, with lots of young people and a young vibe. The rooms are a bit small, but stylishly decorated, and the little extras in the room (free bottle of water and milk for coffee), along with flatscreen TV and Pret-A-Manager breakfast (fresh OJ, yogurt and banana) make you feel a bit pampered for the price. Plus there are free internet terminals in the lobby. If you're a night owl, it's a great area for clubs and things, plus there's music and food downstairs. Not being a night owl myself, the beat from the downstairs party did get a bit loud the first night we were there (a Saturday) so when we returned to the hotel on our way back from Italy, we requested a quieter room and it was perfect. There's a mini-mart across the street which is great for drinks and snacks.A bit more on using the bus--normally it's two pounds per trip unless you buy something called an Oyster card. it's a bit of an investment at first as you need put a 3 pound deposit on it (which you can get back) plus a minimum of 10 pounds of fare, too. But it pays for itself quickly, as the bus rides are 1 to 1.5 pounds each (depending on the time of day, I think). Plus it reduces the cost of tube rides from 4 pounds (outrageous!) to 2 pounds.That's it. I'm definitely staying at the Hoxton next time I'm in London.	
Apr 29 2007 	Great hotel!	I booked two rooms at this hotel for 2nd April 2007. I paid £99 for one room and £1 for the other (this isn't normal price but the hotel had an introductory offer at the end of last year and I was lucky enough to get one of the rooms!). The staff at check-in were extremely welcoming and friendly, and the room was incredible. I had a large room containing a very comfortable double bed, a desk and chaise longue and the largest bathroom I've ever seen!! The location is good (close to Old Street Station) and the area has some very good traditional pubs (we had a great lunch at Bar Aquarium) and some great looking restaurants. This must be the best value hotel in London and I will definitely be staying there every time I visit from now on.	
Apr 24 2007	Awesome And Impresive Hotel	The first impression was definite, we thought is this really the hotel we booked? 'cause it looked incredibly trendy, modern, and why not saying it expensive!!!The reception is a wide open space housing reception desk, the lounge the bar and the restaurant at the back. there is an inner open air yard with an olive tree in the midle for the delights of those who there have a drink or for smokers.People at reception were at all times really helpful and kind with us, even when it was just me speaking english and the rest 9 could just said a couple of words. Corridors are also let's say different, but just discover them by yourself!!!!We had booked 5 rooms being 10 people, and all of them were astonishing!!! it is just what you can see in their web, an striking and extremely comfy bed with the best sheets I 've ever tried!! soft and pleasant. It was really difficult to get up in the morning!!the room has an small sofa, a flat tv screen and possibility of internet access (free in the hall!!!!). there are also a kettle, coffee and tea bags. A hairdrier, and aven a corkscrew. And the bathroom, that I wil definetly will copy for my house!!! There is an amazing shower cabin and soft and smooth towers and Pears soap (I haven't heard about this brand before but it's gorgeus) Breakfast is a great idea, you have to put a bag hang at the door at night saying what time you want your breakfast to be delivered and next morning you have a bag with a banana, fresh orange juice and a deliciuous youghurt. Milk and water are also daily provided in your fridge.The area is perfect and really convenient from the near Old Street and Liverpool Stations, to visit London and to go out through the most trendy area in London, Shoreditch and Hoxton Sq. Where there are also a lot of restaurants and eateris not expensive at all.To sum up I will definetly not look for another hotel whenever I'll be back in London again, it is uttermost the best hotel ever I've stayed	
Apr 24 2007 	Great for nightlife	Just adding to what everyone else has mentioned before - excellent hotel highly recommended. We are Londoners but decided to take a break in our own city because we were lucky enough to secure a £1 rate at the Hoxton and live on the other side of town so dont get to frequent the East End. Can you believe though, £1 for a stay in a boutique hotel? Amazing! Even the full rate of £59 through their website is outstanding value. The best part of the Hoxton is the access to nightlife - if you want to party out late this is the area to do it. Many clubs and bars, all of which are highlighted in a handy little brochure you get in your room. Funky restaurants to eat in - try Green and Red for mexican, Les trois garcon for the amazing decor and the hundreds of other places around.If you've been to London before and have done all the usual haunts, then definitely stay at the Hoxton. And even if you havent seen all the sights, the hotel is central enough to just about everywhere.	
Apr 23 2007 	Excellent value hotel	Stayed at the Hoxton Hotel on a Friday night in April 2007. Very welcoming staff on the reception desk. Room small but very well decorated and equipped. Bathroom had no bath, but shower was excellent. Great idea to have free water and fresh milk in the fridge. Good to see a safe in the room too. Particularly liked the idea of having a bottle opener in the room and a guide to bars and restaurants in the surrounding area.Unfortunately was not able to sample the hotel's food and drink facilities since I had to meet friends in a different part of London, but I will definitely be back to spend more time in this fantastic hotel.	
Apr 17 2007 	Excellent value!!	We booked this hotel as a last mintue break in Central London expecting to pay a lot but this hotel offers exceptional value. Our room cost just £59 on the hotels website - This price included a Pret-A-Manger lite breakfast for 2, 2 bottles of mineral water and fresh milk in our mini-fridge, all for free! Free WI-FI access in your room is also an excellent plus as we take our laptop everywhere with us. If you don't have a laptop the hotel also offers a free internet service in the reception area, there are 4 PC's so you are guaranteed that at least 1 will always be free.The rooms have the luxury you would expect to be paying £150+ for in Central London. Flat-screen T.V, comfy bed, sofa, desk, hairdryer, mini-fridge and safe. The best part for me, however was the bathroom, particularly the shower which was wonderfully spacious! The rooms and bathrooms are very clean and luxurious looking. As with all the others reviews below, we found the staff to be very helpful and polite and we had a quick and easy check-in and check-out. If I was to compare this hotel with another luxurious London hotel I would compare it with The Mayfair which we stayed at last December. The room and bathroom styling is very similar, the only difference being the amount of space available. Overall, I would be more than happy to choose the Hoxton over the Mayfair as with the Mayfair you are paying a lot extra just for a more spacious room. If you can do without the extra space the Hoxton is an excellent property for a brilliant value stay in Central London.	
Apr 14 2007 	Excellent Hotel	Booked the Hoxton Hotel after reading about it in the NY Times. We were a little skeptical about it being too &quot;young&quot; for us. However, that was never an issue. The Hotel is located about 5 minutes from the Old Street Station, Exit 3. From the front desk staff to the restaurant staff, everyone was as nice as can be and helpful. They truly understood the value of customer service. The decor in the room was trendy, as everything else in the Hotel. There was a coffee maker in the room, with a little refrigerator, and breakfast was delivered to the door every morning at a time suggested us, between 6 a.m. and 9 a.m. Breakfast consisted of an orange juice, yogurt and bananna, which was plentiful.I would not think twice about staying there again.This truly was a great value. If you are there on a Sunday, about 10 minutes away is the Spitafields open market.	
Apr 14 2007 	Fantastic hotel!	My girlfriend and I booked two rooms (one for us and one for my brother who was visiting us) for £1 each on their limited offer back in February. We stayed for just one night on 12/04/07 and can say that it is the best hotel experience I have had. Though that may be my relieved wallet talking! :Danyway, we arrived early evening and were warmly greeted by an Irish lady at reception (snazzy uniforms, by the way), and were checked in quickly. We were informed there were free papers (guardian and Evening Standard, lovely), though we were a bit miffed when she told us we couldn't replace our free breakfast yoghurt (we can't eat milk) with an extra piece of fruit each. didn't get why this was, as the fellow we emailed said we could. Ah well, at £1, i can't moan too much. We then went up to our rooms, noting the free internet PCs (5 of them) and roaring fires with comfy seating in the lobby before stepping into the small but funkily tiled lifts (elevators for the yanks). The corridors continued the hotel's funky and trendy feel, though I might [--] that the red lights had the feel of a brothel! (or should I say what a brothel might feel like!)The rooms themselves were of a reasonable, imaculately clean, and furnished to a very high standard. This included a flat screen television with free music streams, radio, numerous TV channels (none foreign) and free internet with the provided keyboard. There was ample storage for somebody staying a night or two, as this hotel is aimed more at the business market, but couples, say, staying for a while may not have enough room. There was a smallish fridge with 2 free bottles of water and milk (not needed thank you!), and a digital safe to store your doo-dahs in the wardrobe. The bathroom. There were plenty of towels (plus more on top of the wardrobe), two free bottles of shampoo/conditioner (not really enough for two people), and an actual new bar of real size pears soap. I couldn't believe this, to be honest. I know it's only a small detail, but having that and a soap dish rather than hotel brand cheap soap made me smile! the shower itself was luxurious, with a separate handheld attachment for your...y'know. Back in the bedroom and the drawer came stocked with a hairdryer, bottle opener with pen-knife and corkscrew, map of the local area with restaurant and bar suggestions and a pad of paper and pencil. In addition to this were the usual coffee (standard and decaff in fresh ground bags rather than instant granules) and tea (twinings english breakfast an peppermint teas) as well as coffee and splenda sweeteners. There were 2 of: wine glasses, tumblers and mugs and a little tea cup-cum-sugar bowl type thing (it got left well alone!).By the large window (which faced out onto the willow street offices (nearly opened the curtains whilst nude - whoops)) was a sofa to recline on whilst watching television. That was until I found out that the TV could be swivelled outwards and to the side to face the bed! the bed itself was quite luxurious with warm, comfy duvets and clean, crisp sheets. The quirky &quot;scissors, paper, stone&quot; scatter cushions were a nice, and comfy, touch. Back to the point about the breakfast bag. I wrote a little note on it saying about the yogurt situation and was pleasantly surprised when I found the next morning that they had not only gone to the extent of supplying us with an extra piece of fruit (apple), but had also given us an extra bottle of orange juice and another bottle of water! EACH! thanks hoxton and pret!checkout was smooth and fast, with two extra staff coming over to attend the desk when they saw us waiting for a minute. About the area: the area is definitely not the glitz and glamour of Knightsbridge. It is a predominately residential area, whough in the past few years business men and women as well as quirky restauranters have set up shop. Because of this, the area is very fashionable. I would even go as far as to say that because of the residential area, you are in much less danger of being mugged as a tourist here than in, say, Victoria. Also, there are numerous buses that serve the area, with Old Street BR and Tube station withing 5 minute walking distance, and Liverpool Street within 10 or 15 minutes. All in all, a fantastic stay and a wonderful bargain, even if you get it for £79 or £99 a night.	
Apr 12 2007 	Fantastic boutique hotel	What a fantastic hotel. Stayed here on business last year but have been back several times since to meet with friends for drinks in the trendy bar.The rooms are really cool - not exactally hugh but did the job. The bathroom is very desinger chic - with a really funky monsoon style shower and Pears soap (how very retro). Free, fresh 1/2 pint milk in the room (no horrible UHT pots) along with bottled water, t-bags etc. Hair dryer also accesible and near a mirror. Fantastic plama tv with a a pretty much full range of sky channels.The breakfast is really handy - left on the back of you door in the morning - letting you have the extra 10mins in bed (very important!). You can choose to have b'fast downstairs at a pretty reasonalbe cost.All in all I really enjoyed my stay here - the area is the prettiest but the location is fantastic for hopping on the tube.Would recommend!	
Apr 10 2007 	Faultless service	Stayed over Easter at the Hoxton (booked in advance and get two twin rooms for approx £58 prpn). As I was taking my mother there who is in her 70's I contacted the hotel directly and requested the quietest rooms possible which they were able to do for her. As said in previous posts the area is not the cleanest but it didn't feel unsafe. Tube was a bit unreliable over the weekend due to engineering works but Liverpool street station was only a short walk away and offered a greater choice of lines.The hotel is spotlessly clean, excellent value but the main plus for me was the staff. On our first night (Thursday) the bar and restaurant was very noisey as alot of people were celebrating their Friday night early due to Easter. We asked them for suggestions for a quieter restaurants and they were happy to oblige. We did eat in the restaurant on other evenings and found it excellent value for money, lovely food and I do like it when restaurants sell carafes of wine for those evenings when you don't want a full bottle but more than a glass.In summary, I think the hotel is perfect for the 20+ age group who are in London for a good weekend. The rest of us can enjoy it as well but may feel a little old on occasion! The staff in this hotel are the nicest I have ever come across and not what one would typically expect for London!	
Apr 3 2007 	Bumped by the Hoxton	We were looking forward to a weekend in London with my son and his girlfriend, celebrating his 20th birthday, and booked into the apparently funky Hoxton Hotel, with easy acess to local trendy clubs and bars. Booking 2 weeks before on the hotel website I was a little taken aback to see, after paying £396 in advance, that there was no right of cancellation or possibility of a refund under any circumstances. However, I guess this is a &quot;budget hotel&quot;.I was therefore shocked to find a message on my answerphone 24 hours before arrival saying that there had been a &quot;computer error&quot; leading to overbooking and they would find us an alternative hotel. After some difficulty I managed to contact a manager at the hotel, who said that we should not worry as they had booked us into &quot;an equivalent hotel&quot;, the Thistle Barbican - see appalling reviews on this website and a long way from the trendy bars of Hoxton. They had not tried to phone again, or to email (they had my address from the booking), and if we had not phoned on the Thursday evening we would only have found out on arrival on Friday, with little time to find an alternative. I had the impression that they had simply found someone &quot;more important&quot; who needed 2 rooms - there was no other explanation offered as to why we were chosen to be bumped off , and only a half-hearted apology with a promise that they could offer us a booking for another weekend. Eventualy they agreed to a full refund.Fortunately we were able to book into the Melia White House Hotel in Regents Park for the same price via lastminute.com, and had an excellent stay - although it was an expensive taxi ride away from Hoxton.I would be very interested to know if others have had this experience. The Hoxton Hotel has had a good write up on this website and in the press, but I shall not be booking again, and can only advise others caveat emptor.	
Apr 3 2007 	How Great is the Hoxton Hotel? Read on to find out how Fabulous it is!	Excellent! What a refreshing change to have your expectations excelled. The service was fabulous, nothing was too much trouble. They even searched on the internet for us to find where the restaurant was we had booked into that evening, showed us a map &amp; ordered us a cab! No extra charge.Room prices are so shockingly inexpensive, the earlier you book though the cheaper it is. The room was spacious enough, the bed was larger than a standard double and I didn't want to get out of it as it was sooo comfortable, had lovely large cushions and luxurious duvet. Plasma screen which you can pull out to watch whilst lazing on the bed.The room &amp; bathroom were both spotlessly clean. The decor is great, it is modern/contemporary but not pretentious. Locations is a bonus too, nearest stop is old street, only 2 stops from Leicester Square. Lots of restaurants and bars nearby. No complaints, spot on! We will be going back again and can't wait!Also the photo's on their website are exactly like the hotel. No rip offs here!	
Apr 2 2007 	Loved The Hoxton	My partner and I stayed at the Hoxton on Sat 31st March for 1 night and i have to say it was one of the best hotels i have ever stayed in.We arrived at kings cross on the sat morning and where worried the hotel would b hard to get to but just two stops on the tube and a five min walk and we were there. The hotel receptionist was really friendly and the hotel had a really relaxed feeling. The decor was fab - very trendy and posh! Check in wasn't till two but they had a room ready so we dumped our bags about 11ish which was a big help.I found the location great as i'm a big fan of the tube and found it really handy to jump on and off and loads of shopping!The rooms are excellent! So stylish and comfy! Large double bead and cute little sofa. The shower was to die for and we watched the flat screen TV while we got ready to go out. I must admit - as we were coming back about midnight i did think the area looked a bit rough. There was a lot of people heading to clubs and the hotel bar was full of a lot of people drinking but don't let this put you off, we didn't hear any of he noise from out room and we were only on the 1st floor.In the morning - we had a breakfast (which was delicious) and started to pack. Check out was at noon and out train wasn't till three so we paid £10 to stay an extra two hours which is great if you don't wanna carry ya bags around!The hoxton is EXCELLENT value for money - our room was only £79!!!! Booking again for later this year - gonna stay a week!	
Mar 27 2007 	Great hotel	My husband and I stayed here for our honeymoon. We got lucky and got a one pound room, and paid twenty nine pounds for each additional night. The breakfast in the morning was nice (even if they never delivered it a couple times!)... it is farther away from the underground stop than the website leads you to believe, but it still was not very far. The area that the Hoxton is in is not a very nice area at all, so if you are big on location I would not recommend this hotel. But the rooms are very excellent, the beds are super comfortable, the bathrooms are amazing, and the restaurant is nice, but it does serve the cliche nasty british food :PWe had absolutely no problems with the noise. Our room overlooked the restaurant courtyard, so I might suggest asking for a room overlooking the courtyard. The reception was very helpful and had some reasonably priced snacks and drinks. There is a convenience store and a really great asian food restaurant across the street too. Overall, this is a great hotel and I would really recommend it for anyone, not just modern young adults.	
Mar 18 2007 	Hooray for the Hoxton	Stayed at the Hoxton with a friend for a weekend jaunt to London and absolutely loved the hotel. The decor is very hip and modern without being pretentious. And the prices can't be beat. Our room was decently sized with a very nice, clean bathroom - the shower was to die for (great water volume, pressure, and temperature). I also loved the hotel's philosophy of not nickel and diming you - you aren't charged extra for breakfast, internet access, bottled water, etc. The location of the hotel is not in a conventional tourist area, so if you need to be within walking distance of popular London tourist sights, then this hotel is not for you. But with the Old Street tube stop just a few blocks away, it really is not hard to get to other areas in London quickly.	
Mar 12 2007 	The Best Value Hotel In London	We stayed at the Hoxton for £29 (just missing out on the £1 rooms) the Hoxton has a great location 5 minutes from Liverpool Street station, it has a modern lobby , lively bar and excellent restaurant. Our room was spotlessly clean the bathroom had a massive shower,with full sized soap. The room had dark wood furniture , leather headboards and sofa, flat screen TV , free water and fresh milk, all very trendy.	
Mar 10 2007 	Great hotel- others could learn from the Hoxton!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Hoxton for two nights last month and LOVED it! The rooms were stylish and comfortable, and the shower was heaven. Even though it seems like a small thing, I really appreciated the free water and milk in the fridge. The hotel provided good tea and coffee, unlike a lot of other places who give you the cheap stuff. We encountered a little bit of noise coming from people outside the hotel (our window was open), but we were so worn out from sightseeing that it really didn't bother us.A room here cost us only 10 pounds more than a lot of the fleabag tourist hotels in London. Maybe the Hoxton will raise the bar? I will stay here again without hesitation.	
Mar 7 2007 	Fantastic Hotel and a Great Price...	Budget doesn't have to be boring is The Hoxton's philosophy, with its clean contemporary designs and high quality finishes. It opened in September 2006 to rave reviews and has been booked out ever since. The hotel is owned and run by Sinclair Beecham, the founder of Pret A Manger.We booked this hotel up online after a recommendation from a friend and upon arriving could tell we'd not be disappointed.The entrance/reception/bar/restaurant area was very welcoming with huge overhead modern sculptural lighting (5-6 large paper eagles in various stages of flight) and two large open fireplaces surrounded by comfy/stylish seating.Staff were very friendly and helpful, and we had no problems checking in.The orange/red flourescent lit corridors were very impressive and quite oppulent.And upon entering our room we were Very Pleased with what we found. A VERY stylish, well designed hotel room. Complete with Plasma Screen, Coffee/Tea/Kettle, Hairdryer/Mirror, all cleverly designed into a purpose built unit. A corner chaise longue. And a very comfy bed adorned with thee big cushions (each labelled &quot;Rock&quot;, &quot;Scissor, &quot;Paper&quot;) The wall had a London Scene Mural almost plastered into it, again Very Stylish and Very Impressive.Each room has two small safes to store your valuables, a mini-fridge (with complementary bottled water and milk) and air conditioning. Only down side possibly being a lack of storage for clothes.Bathroom was well equipped too, with Large Shower cubicle and Big Shower Drench Head, and a large self-demisting mirror over the sink area.On top of all that there is the option of a Free (Pret A Manger) Breakfast delivered to your door each morning (at a time you specify) which includes Orange Juice, a Banana and a Yoghurt..Which is a great start to your day.After being out in Town all day we returned early evening to the hotel to find the reception turned into a kind of pre-club/lounge bar, with a DJ playing chilled tunes and a pretty cool crowd of people milling in the bar area. It all felt very cosey/welcoming with it's subdued lighting and two roaring fireplaces.We didn't eat in the hotel restaurant but the menu looked very appetising and it was always pretty busy in there.Another downside maybe is that you actually don't have to enter the Congestion Charge Area to get to the hotel, but to access the suggested car park you unfortunately have to cross into the Congestion Charge Zone (there is a supermarket over the road were you can pay this Charge though) We did find a car park around the back of the hotel (called Hello Parking, I think) I don't know whether using this car park would avoid the Congestion Charge, but it would be worth checking beforehand.All in all our experience of The Hoxton was VERY positive and we'll DEFINITELY be returning. VERY good value for money at around £79 per room/night, and they even have a few unbelieveble deals on which I found online (www.hotukdeals.co.uk) Apparently a few times a year they'll offer rooms at £1 a night..If you can get in there QUICK! So keep your eyes open!	
Mar 5 2007 	Absolutely Fabulous dahling	Have stayed here twice now on 'flying visits' to the metropolis.It's own description as an 'urban lodge' is spot on! Walking through the sliding glass door entrance which is flanked by two statues of greyhounds into a large, open foyer/bar/reception with all the acroutements of a modern take of a conventional lodge (such as the lights above, a papier eagle in flight and the wall mounted impressions of antlers - really great detailing!).This tremendous attention to detail is echoed throughout making it fantastic value (especially if you get the £1 room deal from the hotel when it runs them!). Friendly, helpful reception staff decked in a laid back staff uniform of t-shirts and baggy trousers. Free copies of 'The Guardian' and 'Evening Standard'. Free internet access in the foyer. Even the housekeeping staff looked chic! Several very attractive and well appointed meeting rooms. Ground floor loos marked 'im and 'er (nightmare if you're not familiar with London accent I imagine!). Gorgeous 'Coffee table' books on a long table in the foyer. Lots of urban materials used such as concrete and aluminium.The rooms are small but very sexy and a nice touch to have fresh milk in the fridge and free bottled water. Great shower with hand attachment and spacious enough for two! One of the breakfast options is a paper bag that you mark how many guests and time, and hang outside the door and in the morning, the Pret a Manger breakfast fairy returns your bag laden with a banana (or apple/orange), yoghurt and OJ. My other half couldn't wait to get at his!! Plasma screen occasionally tempermental but could also be used for radio.I however, preferred to take breakfast in the Hoxton Grille with 'watch as we cook&quot; chefs. I had Greek yoghurt with fresh berries and berry jus followed by creamy porridge sprinkled with sunflower seeds, raisins and drizzled honey, and copious quantities of great coffee whilst my other half went for the full Hoxton grill (I know what you're thinking! Yes - on top of the Pret goody bag too!). Great breakfast but service a tad dispairing.Had dinner in the Grille several times. Food was well above average though sometimes luke warm, service helpful but sometimes slow. Great cocktails and depending who's on the bar, they know how to serve a G&amp;T properly (sans snake fed tonic!).Eclectic area with really interesting eateries all round even though the walk from the dowdy Tube station (Old Street - one line, the Northern) gives the impression that you've walked into sleazeville central. Very easy to get to main transport junctures like Kings Cross, Euston, London Bridge. We did heaps of theatre and it's a doddle getting into the centre of town.Overall, and unusually for me, this will be a regular pitstop for me. Unbeatable value and so incredibly gorgeous! The one big downside (there has to be one I'm afraid) is that the entire hotel is built round a central courtyard - great idea. But totally useless when you're trying to get to sleep and the gorgeously interesting 'youfs' are merry-making in the courtyard below.	
Feb 13 2007 	Great Hotel	Myself and my husband just stayed at the Hoxton for 3 nights (Friday to Monday). We paid just over £70 a night for a double room and the rate included a 'Pret Lite Breakfast' which was delivered to the room each morning.The area between the tube station and the hotel is fairly run down and a bit dirty (although the area immediatly beyond the hotel is nicer and full of bars and restaurants).The hotel itself lived up to all of the claims made on it's website the pictures available on the hotel website did actually reflect the room which we stayed in.The whole hotel was spotlessly clean and the staff were all polite as well.We ate breakfast in the 'Grille' restaurant one morning and had dinner in the restaurant on another night of our stay and on both occasions the food and the service was good even though the restaurant was busy.The atmosphere in the public areas of the hotel was lively, with alot of non hotel residents using both the bar and the restaurant but none of the noise carried up to the bedrooms.Overall we were extremely happy with our choice of hotel and our experience of it and we will definately stay in the hotel again next time we are in London.	
Feb 7 2007	Great Business Hotel	Stayed at Hoxton for 2 nights in Feb.Although its a little off the beaten track (old Street tube Station)its relatively close to the city and a number of good restaurants in Shoreditch.Rooms are compact but beds are comfortable, theres free fresh milk and water in the fridge - a first for London hotels that i have stayed in. and a high tech power shower in the smart compact bathroom.this does suit 1 person but the 2 of us managed ok - only downside - although 2 of us staying they only provided 1 bathtowel which was rectified when i asked the maid in the hall but next day it was back to 1 towel again. Had to ask for Iron and board which was taken back after 1st night and had to ask again next day.THe restaurant is reasonably priced and the food i am glad to say was very good - i would recommend it.A good stay and will stay again in future business trips.	
Feb 6 2007 	all in all a good stay!	We are just back in the door from a long weekend at the Hoxton. Overall we were very pleased and we got the accommodation at an excellent rate. A few points.....The hotel itself is very modern - yet homely, very trendy and friendly too. The staff are helpful and polite. The reception is cool and fashionable, though perhaps not to the taste of those looking for more traditional accommodation. But we loved it!The room was warm and comfy - good bed, lovely bathroom with a power shower. A few things that could have been better were if they had left shower gel for more than just the first day, it couldn't cost that much. Also, the tea/coffee/sugar etc were not replaced after the first day, yet the milk and water always was, which to me is strange. Perhaps this was just slightly careless housekeeping. Also, one of the bathroom towels went missing one of the days too, which was odd. However, they keep spares in the cupboard in the rooms so we sorted that out ourselves. The room was spotless though. The main problem for us was that the wifi would not work in the room the whole time we were there. Also, the film channels were not accessible for the first 2 nights, and when they did become available they were a little lacklustre. They finally sorted out the internet on the last night but only after continuous calls to reception. Mind you, the staff down there were lovely and did try to help as much as they could. As they said more than once &quot;you just seem to be unlucky with the room!&quot; This was said so nicely that we were not annoyed though other people may have pointed out that they could have moved us to another room...anyway, not to worry!We had dinner at the Hoxton Grille one of the nights, and it was very nice. The portions were small though and it was pretty expensive but the service couldn't have been nicer. If you are looking for something slightly cheaper, check out the &quot;Yard&quot; Italian restaurant towards the Old Street tube station - we ate there last night and the food was excellent and the service was very pleasant....and very quick too. Also, the slightly dodgy looking Passage to India restaurant near the Yard is good too, although it looks a bit past its prime. There were lots of locals in it and that's always a good sign - big portions and inoffensive if not exactly charming service!As for the area, well as everyone says it is &quot;up and coming&quot;. Although it has a long way to come before it gets up if you know what I mean! It has a certain grittiness to it although that gives the area a little edge for those who would like to feel they are actually spending time in the &quot;real London&quot;. It is very near to Kings Cross and transport is abundant. The 205 &amp; 214 buses go from Old Street tube station to Kings Cross in the event that the tube isn't working (as it often isn't, particularly at weekends).The shop across the road is handy (though it doesn't sell booze after 8pm!!) and there is a Somerfield back through the roundabout and about 200 metres down on the right hand side of the other end of Old Street. Handy and cheap!So I would recommend the Hoxton - other than for the slightly eccentric housekeeping and the technology issues, it would have received 5 stars!!!! Enjoy your stay!	
Feb 5 2007 	Very chic 	My wife and I stayed at the Hoxton for 2 nights in December, we were fortunate enough to get the room for the introductory rate of £29 per room per night (through Travelzoo). The Hotel was lovely, not the countrified type we are used to, but all the same it was very, very nice. I'd read good reports prior to our visit and they were spot on.The Room.All the usual facilities, tea &amp; coffee, flat screen TV that, very neatly, pulled out of the unit on a bracket. Lovely bed, cotton sheets, ample pillows, air con. The Bathroom. So stylish, a big walk-in double shower, huge showerhead, ample pressure.We had a room overlooking the courtyard which was a bit noisy on the Friday night but quiet on the Saturday. Wine from reception was £3.75 for a nice half bottle of chardonnay, breakfast was muesli yoghurt, banana and juice, check-in was fast and efficient. All-in-all a very nice experience.	
Jan 30 2007 	Stylish and trendy good value hotel	Having heard quite a lot about this hotel before staying there I had quite high expectations, which were largely met during a three night stay. It may not be the hotel for older people or families, particularly not in the weekend when the downstairs bar is bursting with people, most of whom do not stay at the hotel itself, but we (a couple in our thirties) really liked it. We had a room towards Willow street just as we asked for and I have rarely had such a good night's sleep in any other hotel as I had in the Hoxton since we were not in any way disturbed by the bar noise. The room is not very big, but the bed is comfy with great fluffy pillows and duvet and the bathroom is sleek and clean. We liked the idea of having the simple breakfast in bed and besides, if you want a real fry-up you can have that for about nine pounds in the restaurant. We did not have much contact with the staff, but when we did they were polite and helpful. I will definitely be returning to the Hoxton! The only downside is their no-cancellation policy, which you need to be aware of before booking...	
Jan 22 2007	Great hotel would stay again	I stayed in The Hoxton with my boyfriend for 3 nights in Jan 2007 and was very pleased. It cost €310 for a double room for the three nights which was very very reasonable for the quality. The room was fantastic, the decor and layout were very nice. The television and wifi facilities were great, with free internet access even without a laptop. There was complimentary fresh milk and water every day which was a very nice touch to go along with tea and coffee making facilities. The bed and bed linen were extremely good quality and comfortable. The room was cleaned to perfection everyday.The bathroom was beautiful and there was a complimentary bar of Pears soap which was another nice touch.The staff were very friendly and helpful.There are very few negative things. Our room (on the third floor) faced onto Willow street with a warehouse of some sort on it. This could get quite loud with vans loading, sometimes at night. Also, there were rubbish bins back there which made it noisy sometimes also. The hotel and area in general seemed very trendy, but we did not feel that uncomfortable. The area was unusual and not particularly nice but there was a handy shop just across the street which stayed open until 11pm.All in all we had a very pleasent stay in the Hoxton.	
Jan 19 2007	ups and downs in hoxton	Well where to start with the hoxton. Coming out of the tube station and walking past the dingy takeaways and cab offices did make me wonder why I had booked into this particular hotel. However once you find the hotel and walk into the reception/lobby things start to change. Very attentive service, and the rooms certainly live up to the billing of quality at an affordable price, especially their weekend rate. Be warned though I asked for a quiet room away from the main road, which I got, but then found that the noise from the bar carried up the central space until the wee hours. Good for party animals but not when having to catch the first train out of London the following morning. Overall a great hotel for the price, a concept that works, however be aware when booking that you must be prepared to compromise on some things such as sleep, if your into that sort of thing.	
Jan 19 2007	Very pleasant experience!	Arrived at the Hoxton from the Old Street Tube exit - had a bit of trouble finding the hotel as I was very unfamiliar with this part of town. However when I walked into the lobby, I was very impressed! Very modern, new and a good vibe around.Check-in staff were very polite, and even though there was an issue with my reservation, this was dealt with very satisfactorily and I was on my way to the room.The room was small, but very well-appointed with plasma TV, and all mod cons. Bed was large and comfy, and bathroom, while small was very well-equipped and shower was v. nice too ...Free WiFi all over the hotel, and some PCs in the lobby make this a business-friendly hotel too.Didn't eat or drink at the hotel, but I will be back, and can report on the bar / grill then !So a responding approval from me !!	
Jan 11 2007 	Good for the city	Stayed here on business, good location for the city. Upmarket budget kind of feel, clean, good bed, free wi fi, good shower(bad door design!!) Pret lite breakfast. Bar and restaurant I think are contracted out to another operator. resataurant was dead and as a consequence lacked any atmosphere. bar was Ok with excellent G&amp;T's. Seating area is to the front and straddles the main entrance. Little atmosphere largely due to the seating layout, and lots of blasts of cold air everytime someone comes in! Check in staff friendly enough, although perhaps trying a bit too hard to be &quot;urban&quot; and totally cool. Value for money? yes. It is easy to be critical and the location and price really do reflect something a bit different when you sometimes can't get a decent room for under £225 when London is busy. They run sandwich bars a bit better, but through time they may get it to flow a bit better.	
Jan 8 2007 	Cool but friendly	Super stylish but not intimidating. Stayed for 2 nights last December and would definitely go again. We paid the rack rates of £119 per night which I still think is great value for London. Check in service was friendly and polite. The room was small but comfortable with a very nice bathroom and great shower. The mini bar was stocked with complimentary fresh milk and 2 small bottles of water - very nice touch. For breakfast you get a bag from Pret hanging outside your door filled with Orange juice, yoghurt with granola and fruit. (This was possibly a little too healthy for me so I ate that and then went to a greasy spoon down the road). Beds are large and comfy. Reception also sells wine, champagne and snacks at reasonable prices which is rare for city hotel. The rack rate is comparable to a Jury’s Inn yet the standard of hotel and service you receive is worlds apart.The restaurant is great (I think it is run by the same people that own the Room chain of restaurants if you are familiar with them) and whilst there is not really a bar area as such, you sit in the lobby really, I loved it. Great cocktails and good atmosphere. I can see how older customers would get annoyed as the bar/restaurant aren't for the exclusive use of patrons and the Friday/Saturday night we were there it was packed out with fashionable twentysomethings. Hoxton itself is full of enough bars and restaurants to keep you more than happy for the weekend and the hotel is a couple of minutes walk from Old Street tube so it’s easy to get to the central tourist attractions.I can see how some reviewers could dismiss this as a case of style of substance but I found nothing to be negative about. Book and enjoy!	
Jan 6 2007	Great Hotel still a little teething trouble	This is a fantastic new hotel on the edge of Hoxton and Spitalsfield. The lobby is fantastic with lots of comfy chairs and sofas and roaring log fires, it sems to be the place where the cool kids hang out, so there's a good atmosphere in the bar area most nights. The restaurant was good and not too over-priced with basics including steak sandwich, burgers etc all very well presented.The rooms are small, but really well thought out, free milk and bottled water are just a few of the nice touches. There was a free breakfast thrown in but on two of the days we didn't get it because there wasn't a bag for us to order it with and even though we did book one at reception it didn't turn up. They also charged me for the hotel rooms twice, but when I spoke to the staff on the desk they couldn't do anything about it and suggested I bring in proof of receipt that I had already paid. I did call them when I got home and they sorted it out within a couple of days - you can't say fairer than that. This hotel was a bargain 29 pounds per night, as we booked very early, its in a great location - particularly if you love the Spitalsfield area and the staff were really helpful - perhaps they had underestimated the success of the place and could do with a few more as they all seemed to be rushed off their feet.However, despite the few hiccups I would recommend this hotel to anyone, can't wait to go back.	
Jan 5 2007 	good value	Booked this hotel after reading a review in the national press. We were in London for the night to see a show. The hotel was perhaps a little further away than we intended, but it was a short walk to Liverpool Street Station for the Stansted express. The room was small, but it had everything we needed for an over nights stay. Great shower . The packed breakfast which was included in the price was good. For £59.00 I think it was perfect for a short stay,	
Jan 1 2007 	Great bargain in trendy Hoxton!	We spent three days at the Hoxton Hotel this X-mas.We got a rate of 59 pound per day, so we couldn't find any better in London.The hotel is very near to Old Street tube station, and right in the middle of the Hoxton/Shoreditch area, i.e. very close to many trendy bars, pubs, clubs and restaurants (Herbal, Cargo, Eyre Brothers, Great Eastern Dining room... and all the vietnamese restaurants in Kingsland Road).The lobby is very stilish with a nice combination of (fake) fireplaces and high-tech structures.Check-in was straightforward, and the room is quite big, with LCD TV and free wireless internet access.No english breakfast was included, but U could have (delivered to your room) orange juice, a fruit and some jogurt every day.The bed was very confy and the shower excellent!.Overall, a great experience at a very very low price (for London standards)	
Dec 11 2006 	not for me	Well what can i say, having just spent weekend here II can tell you it was not a pleasant experience.Check in great no problems, rooms trendy and ok, thought &quot;great realy got bargain here as only paid £29 a night&quot; but from there it went down hill.Room was on Willow street as recomended on other pages however it didnt stop the noise from the glass collection lorry at 3 am!! the noise from large bins being tipped into the back of a bin wagon was deafening. The bar only serves larger (many different sorts granted) no real ale or guiness!!! The food while good is varstly overpriced, we had a much better meal in theater land for a lot less.Th e hotel seems to be used by londons trendies fri and sat so getting table in resturant or even a drink is difficult, I personally think the hotel should decide if it wants to be hotel or a night club	
Dec 11 2006 	good for the money but not sure I would stay again.	Stayed here again for the second time recently - due to the opening offer I got a room for a rate I couldnt refuse. I like the hotel, the rooms are very small but well decorated. I do not think I would however stay here is the rate was more than £70 as I know I can get great deals on lastminute.com with a better location. I am not sure about the ares, it is just a bit harder to get back to in the evening. I booked on -line directly with them, It seems they charged my credit card 3 times for the same stay. So if booking on line check the cc bill. This was sorted out with a call but still, not great.	
Dec 5 2006 	Good Food Good Room Let down by Housekeeping	I booked 2 rooms for the Hoxton as part of their introductory deal and had 2 rooms for less than the price of one Travelodge. Food in the hotel was very good with an impressive Steak Sandwich (Steak melted in the mouth) Burgers and Omlette. G&amp;T's were well mixed. The downside was that whilst the check in is 14:00 (we were given one room early at 12:00) the other room was not ready even after finishing lunch at 15:00. The staff whilst helpful were at Housekeepings mercy of trying to get the room ready for 15:30 (not good when you have a late matinee performance to make). I will say that after contacting the hotel directly I am happy with the resolution to this complaint and so cannot fault them.Room - great to have fresh milk for tea, the beds were comfy and quirky decor. Shower was great and another nice touch was a real bar of pears soap (rather than those matchbox sized ones that disappear very quickly).Overall a good hotel, yes it is slightly out on London but don't use the tube where you see noting but a darkened tunnel - hop on the bus and see the sights of London it only takes 10 mins. Food is good and the serving staff were excellent and extremely efficient.A good stay and whilst this wouldn't be the top hotel in terms of location, it offers good quality standards and once housekeeping keep on top of the room turnaround times it will be a great hotel. Hoxton is not Chelsea, however this is real london with some interesting night spots around. Give it a go as we all too often only stay in the tourist trap area's and don;t discover real life.	
Dec 1 2006 	Try and get a bargain !	The Hoxton Hotel is cool, no doubt about that. Location might seem strange to people who don't know London very well, but it's in the heart of what was the home of cool a few years ago and the numerous bars and restaurants in the area are less intimidating these days.The bar downstairs is good, although does get busy/noisy. Food in the restaurant is excellent, if a little pricey.The rooms are great, big comfy bed, flat screen TV, smart bathroom and some nice small touches.We were lucky - we got a £29 room on a Saturday night, which was high up and facing the back. Try and do the same - firstly to avoid the noise and secondly for the brilliant views over the City of London - NatWest tower, Gherkin etc.Only possible downside is lack of parking - we had to park in Finsbury Sq NCP, about 10mins walk away. As most people get public transport to and around London, it's not a major issue.Definitely recommend staying here and will do again myself.	
Dec 1 2006 	Look no further for a great base in London	We stayed at the Hoxton a little over a month after opening...we were impressed! For 2 nights in the hotel for less than the cost of a Travelodge the other reviewers must be missing something to feel disappointed..Our positives:Staying in an up-and-coming area with great bars/restaurants and buzzFantastic (if smallish) room with great bathroomFriendly staff (esp at the bar)...front desk also vhelpful with maps/directions, etc.Negatives:None really...Just dont be put off by the other reviews....oh! and make sure you request a high floor away from the lifts...works a treat for a good nights sleep!	
Nov 28 2006 	Good value and not TOO trendy	Just stayed at the Hoxton to be near a reception. Not the nicest area of London - but very much and up and coming bit of the capital. Good restaurants and bars near the place and very near the tube (unfortunately nearest the Northern Line which is rarely fun!) Easily walkable to Moorgate and the city.Rooms are decently laid out and the beds are comfortable. Nice flat screen TV and good on screen help. Nice touches - free half pint of milk for tea loving Brits and real Pear's soap. Shower (large head dropping water directly on your head) excellent - and nice layout (I am 6 foot 2). Breakfast a bit spartan but was good quality. Staff were very friendly and helpful - and no too hopelessly trendy. I booked the day of travel - but still paid only £129 (about 240 dollars). Will happily stay here again.	
Nov 26 2006 	The Good and the Bad	First off, the location is a bit out of the way. Took about 1 1/2 hours to get here from LHR using the express train. Also, the previous reviewer was WRONG about the old tube exit, it is EXIT 3 not exit 6 (taking his wrong advice I got lost for a good 1/2 hour).The rooms here are very small and most are equivalent. However, I would ask for 6th floor if possible to isolate yourself from the noisy bar (think W hotel bar, packed, etc.). Another thing, the '01' rooms (as in 601) are for handicapped people and they have slightly larger bathrooms/showers. Also, do yourself a favor and take a Willow Street room, these have lovely views. The other rooms face an interior courtyard and people can see into your room from the common areas around the elevator! Also, avoid the Great Eastern street rooms, way too noisy!Things I love: free wifi, free mini breakfast delivered to your room, cool lobby, 5 pound all you can watch movies.Things that could be better: staff knowledge of the area (pretty clueless about common London questions and couldn't even help me find an umbrella when it was pouring rain. Housekeeping comes in late, which is a problem if you want to take an afternoon break in your room before heading out again.Things that I hate: the elevators are very slow and too small to serve the 200+ rooms in this hotel.	
Nov 13 2006 	late night noise cramped rooms overshadow "cool" factor	As a U.S. business traveler, this place provided a miserable opportunity to catch a good night's sleep. At 4am-ish during each of the first two nights, freight trucks were in the back alley at neighboring business, picking up and dumping stuff off at incredibly loud volumes. Unless you enjoy the idling of diesel engines and hearing a bunch of heavy freight clanking around during the middle of the night, you will have a frustrating time trying to sleep here.We had some business meetings in the hotel during the day, and the meeting rooms and the food they served was quite good. And the lobby is fun and friendly enough. To be fair, the staff seem nice enough, and they seem to run the place well.But two miserable nights' sleep in a row made this yank decide to never come back again. And (maybe I'm just bitter about the noise, but ...) the hallways and the rooms themselves are cheesy 80s decor. On first impression, the room has this sort of minimalist layout that's compact and efficient. But after spending more than an hour in the room, it just feels like a glorified amtrack sleeper car.	
Nov 13 2006 	Loved it - would definatly stay again.	We really liked this hotel. Good room, great restaurants nearby and good cocktails in the bar, not far from Old Street station.We have had roadside rooms in other london hotels which have been very noisy. Because of the good double glazing this is not a problem at the Hoxton.The place is clean stylish and if you get a room deal great value for money.	
Nov 13 2006 	Fab hotel Location up and coming	Booked the hotel online when they did a special offer. Really pleased we did. It's out of the centre but not far enough to be a problem. Bar was comfy and quite trendy (even if we aren't). All the staff friendly and helpful. Rooms very nice, spotless, and nicely furnished with touches like goosedown quilts and pillows. The area it's in looks a bit like it's on the way up, or maybe that's just how some places look. A few minutes walk to the tube to get into central London. Overall, we loved and will go back if we can get another good deal (and maybe even at standard prices if we feel we deserve it).	
Nov 11 2006	From Canada and we loved the Hoxton	My husband and I stayed two nights at the Hoxton, one before going to Paris and one on our return. The room was spotlessly clean, the most comfy bed, and the shower to die for. The room was larger than we had been expecting for London, it had a lovely bed, side tables, a desk and chair, lounge chair, coffee, tea, and hot chocolate makings with a lovely kettle. There were two bottles of water and a container of milk in the small fridge every day. There was a flat screen TV as well as a small safe. We were able to get in on a promotion so got more than our money's worth for 29GBP. The staff were more than helpful, we arrived at 9:30am and were met with &quot;you've just come in off an overnight flight, of course we will check you in&quot;. When they saw my wheelchair they offered us a larger room, but ours was adequate so we stayed put. They helped with taxis, maps and directions each time we asked. Breakfast was a pot of yogurt, banana and orange juice., left on a little post outside the door. The restaurant in the hotel was of excellent value and each meal very tasty. When we went on to our next hotel my hubby realized he left his suit in their closet, when we called, they were quite willing to mail it back to us in Canada, but we were close enough that we went back and got it. All in all, I would certainly recommend this hotel. It is a few steps from the Old St. tube and bus stops, maybe not central London, but we enjoyed the bus as we got to see and speak to locals going back and forth to work and shopping, all part of my London experience.	
Nov 8 2006	Nice stay in new hotel	Spent two nights at the Hoxton . The room was nice but on the smaller side. Everything is new and stylish. The lady at the front desk was great and helpful.I recommend this hotel and would gladly return.	
Nov 3 2006 	Great new hotel	I spent two nights at the Hoxton after flying in from San Francisco, the start of a 10 day trip to visit family. I like to relax a bit in London and get over jet lag before continuing my stay in the UK and previously I'd been &quot;slumming it&quot; at myHotel just of Tottenham Court Road but they have been going down somewhat and their prices going up so I thought I'd try something new.Overall I really enjoyed staying at the hotel and thought it was good value for money and has a lot of style. I'd only ding it on location - not really for the drab street it is on, but that it took a couple of tube rides to get to the central London area I spend most of my time in. It took me a little effort to figure out how to find the hotel from Old Street Station because there are so many exits from that station and it was raining and I didn't have my bearings when I came out to street level. After the first time the three minute walk each way was a piece of cake.myHotel has it easily beat on location since I could just walk out my door and in 5 minutes be at Leceister Square or Piccadilly Circus. But really its a compromise - as I mentioned The Hoxton is both cheaper and nicer than myHotel IMHO with provides a lot of space to hang out, drink and eat. Spending 15/20 minutes navigating the tube to get to stops on the Central line was no big deal.For the details...My room was small - but efficiently laid out providing a desk, TV, cheap movies (didn't use), cheap phone calls, free internet and wifi, free water, free coffee and milk and free &quot;snack&quot; breakfast (bagel, yoghurt etc) delivered to your door at the time of your choosing. I actually passed that up and ate a full breakfast at the restaurant downstairs both days, about 10 pounds with coffee, but pretty tasty and convenient. The only thing lacking in my room was space for storing bags since the closet was basically just big enough for hanging some clothes with a small fridge underneath. Fortunately I didn't have a lot of bags, although I would expect you could get the hotel to put extra stuff some place if you needed it - or maybe there are bigger rooms available (I had a bottom of the range double).The bed was very comfortable and I enjoyed the down comforter, pillows and fine cotton sheets - I really slept well. The bath room was immaculate (well everything was - the place is BRAND NEW) and they provided nice soap and plush towels. The bathroom has a walk-in shower with overhead or hand held shower head - good hot water, good pressure - no complaints. I had no problems at all with noise - my room was on the back (south) side of the building and was very quiet. The only problem was that there were other buildings facing my window and there was no way to block the view into my room without closing the drapes completely. So, no wandering naked around the room unless you're an exhibitionist. Hoxton Hotel - if you're reading this perhaps you could install some translucent blinds to provide some privacy without blocking all the light?I didn't eat at the restaurant other than breakfast but enjoy a few drinks at the bar each night and had no problems charging stuff to my room (someone else said this was not possible). The staff were all courteous and helpful but they are European so maybe some people will find them lacking in the &quot;serious sucking up&quot; department you might find at a high end American hotel. But no one is looking out for a big tip either - and there is no additional service charge like myHotel adds.One thing I really didn't like about The Hoxton was that it has a very strict booking policy, for almost all situations once you've made your reservation online you are going to be charged and not be able to get a refund. Your stay is non-refundable and non-changeable (except to extend). So read the Terms and Conditions carefully before booking!So, not perfect - if it was in the location that myHotel was then I would say it was - needless to say I will be going back to stay at the Hoxton again on my next trip. I just hope they can continue to offer rooms at less than 100 pounds a night.	
Nov 2 2006 	Fantastic New Hotel Experience.	This newly-opened hotel leaves no stone unturned for the visitor to London. From check-in to check-out, you will enjoy what the Hoxton has to offer. Modernity, atmosphere, good food and great rooms and bathrooms all gel to make the stay a happy one. Nice touches include a complimentary breakfast bag to kick start the day, a free Guardian to browse through over breakfast, and a DJ to entertain in the reception/bar area at night. Rooms have ample supplies of tea and coffee and the furnishings and linens are of superior quality. The Restaurant menu is varied and service is efficient. (A Costcutter shop just across the street is handy for other food requirements.) The hotel's location just a few hundred metres from old Street Underground ensures easy access to the city centre. At £59 per double/twin room per night on the dates we stayed, the Hoxton is excellent value. Great Eastern St. can be very busy and noisy so a room facing Willow St. or the hotel's courtyard might not be a bad idea for the light sleeper. Street noise is a problem at many major city hotels and here is no exception. However, this problem can not be attributed to the hotel so try out the Hoxton. You will not be disappointed.	
Oct 26 2006 	Loved the Area	Being a London Boy working abroad I was pleasantly surprised when I heard that a new hotel had sprung up just around the corner from where I was born. With a pending business trip on then cards I suggested to my Boss that we choose this Property, I did not explain to him that it was not near the Savoy or Dorchester but in an area that was quite run down when I was a young lad growing up. Anyway I showed him the web site and to his amazement the price, being in charge of the finances he whipped out his credit card and booked it. For six nights we had an average rate of 100 quid, which is not bad at all in London for what you can get, we arrived at Heathrow and swiftly jumped into a black Taxi and asked for The Hoxton hotel in Great Eastern Street, Shorditch, he of course never heard of a hotel there but I insisted it existed was and we made our way there.As we arrived we discovered it was cleverly hidden with in a old converted building, first impressions were great! A well designed lobby, cool bar and coming from the Middle East where there is a distinct lack of Alcohol our mouths started to water. We arrived at 1.30pm and our rooms were not ready so we dived into the bar for a pint, great selection of beer, wines and spirits, the bar man Rob was more and helpful and kept us entertained for most of our stay, as many a night was spent at the bar talking business of course!When our rooms were ready reception came and fetched us form the bar, on arrival to my room I found it was not cleaned and still had the remains of what looked like a fairly good party the night before, on return to reception they were clearly apologetic and issued me with an alternative room, in fact it was on the top floor next to the laundry cupboard, placing my key in the slot several times with no luck it was time to return to the reception (if they issued loyalty cards for visits I would have been a gold member), again they apologized and I returned for my third attempt and finally entered. The room was small but clean and pleasant, a flat screen T.V was located on the wall, nice bed with great linen and a cool monsoon shower, and the great thing about being stuck on the 6 floor next to the linen cupboard was I heard no noise for my entire stay! But be aware my Boss was woken each night by the emptying of the beer bottles in the skip (many of which I am sure were drunk by us)The do not disturb signs don’t technically work, while in the shower a maid clearly did not see the sign and tried to enter the room, luckily for her my ears were alert and I managed to save my modesty by shouting a small gesture, and luckily she understood as most of the very pleasant housekeeping staff are Eastern European.Food was good, Great Breakfast, had the full Hoxton Fry up each morning (pork being a no go in our next of the woods) went down particularly well, also check the restaurants and pubs around the area (things have changed since I was last here) they are funky &amp; cool and many a celebrity can been seen on a Saturday night especially as we witnessed a couple of Oscar winning East enders stars on the prowl.To sum it up The Hoxton was a great choice a few teething problems, but then again the property had barely been open 4 weeks when we arrived, I will be back to stay on our next trip and I am sure the smiling faces, great bar staff and clean rooms will remain as so will the low prices.	
Oct 26 2006 	What a find!	What a gem! This recently opened hotel is cool and trendy but instead of charging outrageous rates, it was amazing how little they did charge! Because I booked before the hotel opened, I paid only $56 a night! Tax included! I'm sure the rates will increase but I still couldn't believe it!The rooms were a decent size (but any smaller and it would have felt cramped.) The bed was very comfy with nice linen and I loved the bathrooms, esp. the shower which had 2 options - rain shower or hand held. Everything in the room was cunningly stowed in a compact and tidly organized fashion.The hotel understands that not everyone wants a huge breakfast in the morning so I loved their idea of providing just a little something (banana, yogurt, OJ) and hanging it outside the room door. No need to get dressed - instead my husband and I happily stayed under the duvet and ate our breakfast while watching TV.The only down side is the location - it's in up and coming Shoreditch/Hoxton but the nearest tube station Old Street is on the Bank branch of the Northern line so a bit inconvenient if you want to get onto the Central, Circle or Piccadilly lines to access all the tourist sights.	
Oct 25 2006 	Contemporary and very comfortable	We stayed at the Hoxton for two nights in Mid October. The hotel was £59 per night and represented excellent value for money. The room was great, furnished in a contemporary style with comfortable beds and expensive bed linen and towels. I would recommend asking for a room which looks out over Willow street as this was very quiet - some of the rooms overlooked the courtyard bar area and Great Eastern Street and both could be busy and noisy.As said in previous reviews, the shower is of a very high standard but watch for the leaks under the door! The TV reception also fluctuates. However, these gripes are very minor and I would not hesitate in staying here again.The breakfast along with the free water and milk are a nice touch, as are real glasses in the room (not plastic ones) and a decent kettle that doesn't take a week to boil!	
Oct 25 2006 	Cool hotel - but teething troubles	Great decor, fab bed linen, great bathrooms. Good location if you are happy enought not to be in the centre of a tourist district and want good bars and restuarants in easy reach. About a 25 minute walk to Oxford Street - so not too bad, or use Old Street tube, (but don't rely on a straightforward journey, particularly at weekend when the lines are undergoing work). Liked the &quot;extras&quot; and the well thought out approach to a modern, clean hotel. But there are, what I hope are teething troubles. Primarily, take care if you book a twin room. There are only 20 out of the 205 rooms and the website currently has no way of avoiding overbookings for them. Despite an email, written and verbal confirmation that we had reserved two twin rooms, our group of 4 ended up in one double and one double with a camp bed. Not ideal and certainly not what we were expecting. To make it worse, check in staff did not mention this and left it for us to get to the rooms and then ring down to complain - very poor front line service. We were told by the duty manager that they had been asked to explain this, but obviously avoided the issue. However, the duty manager was very good and though we didn't get what we'd booked, he did do as much as he could to compensate us and was open and honest about their mistake. Second problem - grumpy , rude bar staff - not acceptable. In Hoxton it may be cool not to smile, but any hotel service stands or falls by the manner of the front. line staff. I wasn't impressed - more customer service training required. Third problem - apparent lack of interface between bar accounts and hotel check in. I dontl expect to have my credit card scanned by every hotel service. Sort out the IT - if I want to charge to my room, it's usually so I don't have to go through the process of scanning credit cards all the time, (especially when the member of staff is rude about it - see above!) Fourth problem - rooms already look worn - there were four burnt cup rings on the wood work in my room. Also double glazing is inadequate - very noisy. Another reviewer mentions the noise generated by the loose grid on the road outside - it drove us nuts! The road is really busy 24hours, so the noise was continuous. I appreciate it's not the hotel's responsibility, but they need to exert pressure to get this sorted quickly.Agree with the earlier review - we asked reception to call a cab for us and also got a dodgy mini cab, smoky, dirty interior, went all round the houses and cost £3 more than the black cab from Kings Cross had originally. I'll ask reception to call a black cab next time. Really wanted to love this hotel - but not sure. Ticks loads of boxes, but needs to do more to really impress me.	
Oct 24 2006 	Great rooms location and free breakfast!	We found out about this hotel from an email received by my husband offering an introductory room rate of £29. We couldn't resist this and booked it not knowing what to expect.I agree with the other reviews that it s not the nicest location, but is easily accessible from Paddington and Victoria stations.The reception staff were very friendly and we were able to check in 2 hours early. In our room we had fresh milk and bottled water in the fridge. The room was modern and spotlessly clean. There wasn't a great view from the window and the rooms opposite didn't appear to have blackened/mirrored outsides to stop people looking in, but it was not an issue.My only criticism was that the bathroom door did not shut properly or have a lock on it, which wasn't a problem for us but may be to others. The bathroom door was also mirrored on both sides which made it very confusing and quite dangerous at night!!! The towels were huge and fluffy and there were white company complementary toiletries too. The bed and quilt was especially comfy. There was no noise at all from our room on the 5th floor at the back.If you hang your allocated brown paper bag outside before 5am you get a free breakfast: a banana, fresh OJ and a yoghurt. They leave it outside your door at your chosen time and it was yummy!There are plenty of great restaurants and bars within easy walking distance of the hotel.All in all it was excellent value for money, and even full price I think it would be a great place to stay again.	
