	Great LocationOutstanding Staff	We spent 1 night at this hotel.The Staff could not have been more friendler..everyone of them said Hello and the Concerige was really helpful.There are some renovations taking place but it didnt disturb us,the room was a little dated but comfortable.It did lack a tea/coffee maker but this was the only negative.we really loved the location and would definetly stay there again	
Nov 23 2009 	Karno's breakfast	Yes this hotel is well located,the rooms are well furnished and a good size and the service often willing, but a property of this quality should not allow the breakfast service to degenerate into the circus that I experianced on a Saturday morning.Firstly inadequate capacity.A 25 minute wait.We were directed to an ajoining lounge for coffee.No seats so stand and wait.No coffee cups so no coffee.Use the toilet?I wont go into the condition of that!On eventually being seated the buffet was on a small table and difficult to access without dropping my meuseli down a fellow guests neck.A long wait for eggs and omelette as the hard pressed single chef struggled to cope with the demand.All this for well over £20.On day 2 of our stay we actually got up early to try and avoid the circus.Just what you need on a leisure weekend.Better but fundamental problems remained.The hotel is about to embark on a refurbishement.I would suggest that before they spend a penny on the fabric they sought out the logistics and capacity of their breakfast operation.Donating space to banquetting or a signature restaurant is fine but Royal Garden dont neglect the basics!	
Nov 11 2009 	Couldn't have asked for more	Had a great 2 night break in London. Arrived well before check in time, which wasn't a problem, left our luggage &amp; walked around the park &amp; they called us when room was ready. Easy access to tube network from hotel &amp; helpful concierge ensured that no lines were closed towards our destination. Had room service &amp; food was delivered in good time &amp; was good.	
Oct 27 2009 	Very good all-round hotel in a great location	This hotel has been our regular base for business trips over the last 25 years and more recently for private week-end breaks in London. The many visits have always been enjoyable and the recent upgrades are certainly worthy of comment. Our latest visit was 22 October for three nights in a refurbished &quot;Garden Room&quot; on the 9th floor. To get the best views here always ask for a high floor. We always book a Park View room, the vista over Hyde Park and to the City are simply amazing. We found the new class of room on floors 7,8,9 were worth the extra cost. These rooms are in a more modern style and have excellent facilities. The revamped bathroom now has a separate large walk in shower but this has cut down on the original wardrobe space (no problem for short stays). The new wall panelling, wood, fabric and mirror walls provide a welcome improvement in sound insulation, this was not very good in the original rooms. Large comfortable beds and a comfortable seating area are standard as is the in-room safe. Mini Bars are well stocked and there is now in-room tea / coffee making facilities. Breakfast in the Park Terrace is excellent, a la carte service is Monday to Friday and buffet at the weekend, it does get very busy around 9 am at the weekend. The top (tenth) floor Chinese restaurant is worth a visit, food is very good if a little expensive and strangely there is no attempt to keep food warm on the table. Berties Bar and Park Terrace are both comfortable retreats with excellent service. The staff throughout the hotel are generally very polite, friendly and efficient and some have been there for many years, a good sign hopefully of a good employer!Outside the hotel, beautiful Hyde Park offers excellent walks, Oxford street or Harrods are both about 25-30 mins brisk walk so a realistic and enjoyable alternative to the tube or taxi on a nice day. There are good restaurants along Kensington High Street, again easily within walking distance. The tube station is 5 mins.If driving, car parking under the hotel is via a rather tight spiral ramp and costs £30 per day, the annoying new &quot;Pay and Display&quot; system means you have to return to the park and pay again after 2 days (on the dot!), we tried to prepay our third day 2 hours early and the machine wanted to charge £56 instead of £30. This is not the Hotel's fault the parking is a separate company but this new system is a bit of a put-off for guests who use it.Final tip, check your bill carefully for Mini Lounge items and late charges, we have frequently found these to be wrong.Overall this is a very good all round hotel in a great location. We will certainly keep using Royal Garden for our London visits.	
Oct 27 2009 	Wonderful time - thanks so much	A small group of girlfriends had managed to leave small children behind and get some precious time out. All of us were arriving at different times and staying different lengths of time and Felicity on reception could not have been more accomodating of our various requirements. A huge thanks to concierge Mansoor for finding us the best places to go - he really was spot on re price, atmosphere and location. A great stay - we'll be back!!!!	
Oct 14 2009 	Excellent rooms service and location	We stayed in a Garden Room on the ninth floor for seven nights. The room overlooked Kensington Gardens and had views towards the London Eye and the Gherkin.The Room was of a very high standard including a very comfortable King sized bed, large TV screen, tea/coffee making facilities, mini-bar and all the essential electronic gadgetry.The en-suite was roomy and had quality toiletries and lovely large fluffy bath towels. The heated towel rack was a bonus.We appreciated the fruit platter and welcoming note that we received from the Guest Relations Manager at the start of our stay.We had dinner once in the Min Jiang Restaurant (as a special treat) on the tenth floor and enjoyed both the meal and the spectacular night view. We ventured into Bertie’s Bar on a couple of occasions after a night out and were treated to a large selection of nibbles with our drinks.There was a large selection of good quality food for breakfast in the Park Terrace Restaurant. Even got to see some of the Aussie cricketers who were staying at the Hotel for the One Day matches.I made two separate bookings for the seven nights in order to take advantage of the cheaper weekend rate, which had the B&amp;B option. Check-in presented no problem as the bookings had been combined and we had the same room for the entire period.We have now stayed four times at this Hotel and find its location beneficial. There is a bus stop right outside the Hotel and the Underground Station 100 metres away. Pubs, shops and a supermarket are conveniently located and Portobello Road is within easy walking distance.This stay we noticed that the Hotel is now offering reasonably priced lunch and dinner options. Although we didn’t try any out, they did look attractive. Special mention for the concierge who helped us out on a couple of occasions.	
Sep 22 2009 	Lovely long weekend at the Royal Garden	Just back from a 3 night stay at the Royal Garden, our 3rd time at this hotel and the most enjoyable.The hotel enjoys a perfect location at the south west corner of Kensington Gardens, with many of its rooms offering lovely views of the gardens and Kensington Palace.We upgraded to the newly renovated garden rooms which guaranteed the views mentioned. Our room (939) was modern and light with an elevated seating area beside the almost full length windows. It had a king size bed, large flat screen TV, while the bathroom had bath and a separate shower.The hotel offers several packages and our choice was 3 nights for the price of 2 including full breakfast, which made this a really good offer. Breakfast in the Park Terrace can be very busy at the weekend and my advice is go early (before 9am), or you may have to be patient and queue for 5 to 10 minutes. I would also be wary of some of the tables in the busy passage ways, as there can be a lot of people movement back and forward to the various buffets, which some may find distracting. Lastly a mention to all the hotel staff. I cannot every recall staying at a hotel in London where all the staff encountered were so outwardly warm and friendly.	
Sep 21 2009 	Great Hotel and Great Staff	We just were at this hotel for a week and the dining and concierge staff were both very friendly and attentive.The location is great being right on the High Street with lots of local restaurants and shopping. 5 minute walk to the Tube.	
Sep 18 2009 	Very nice	Very nice hotel, good location.. but seems like different type of rooms, I got a good one. Strange to meet bodygards each time I got to my floor, butt guess it was someone important there..	
Aug 31 2009 	Wonderful hotel next to Kensington Gardens in Hyde Park	We booked a junior suite and had a wonderful room with a pull out sofa bed for our child, and a nice view of High Street Kensington through the large windows by the workstation. The bathroom was huge. The hotel room looks recently refurnished so everything in great shape. Hotel is a few minutes walk from the metro station, bus stop in front of hotel, covered car park under hotel, and Hyde park is right next door.Definitely the best hotel I have stayed in London at this price.	
Jul 31 2009 	Superb	From the moment I checked in to my departure, it was an excellent visit. the new rooms on the 8th floor are absolutely superb, well appointed with the guest in mind at all times. Breakfast was excellent service and buffet.	
Jul 6 2009 	The best of the best.	We stayed in this hotel for two nights while on a concert/shopping trip and, in my opinion, it really is one of the best hotels in London. Nothing is too much effort for the staff and the rooms are large and comfortable with all the amenities you'd expect from a hotel of this standard. That coupled with the excellent location make it well worth spending the few extra pounds on the booking. We'll definitely be back again soon.	
Jun 29 2009 	Nice location reasonable hotel room basic 3-4 star.	My friend and I stayed here for our birthdays and we booked the Spa Escape. The hotel is in a nice location situated right on Kensington Gardens. Our room was very disappointing. We had paid for an upgrade which was inlcuded a garden view and a sofa. Unfortunately we were on 1st Floor so couldn't see much. The room was clean, but very dated and looked nothing like the rooms on the website. The hotel is clean, but I note from the website that it was refurbished in 1996 which is what it looks like, not too old but I would say it could do with some updating. The staff were friendly and helpful. Our luggage went missing for 3 hours, although they did make up for it with a free bottle of wine! The Spa is lovely and the treatments were bliss! It's easy walking distance from the tube station and there are a selection of high street shops on the doorstep ranging from Karen Millen to Top Shop. There's also an average variety of restaurants and pubs. The park - Kensington Gardens is a superb park, really lovely with so much to offer everyone of all ages. It's a constant hive of activity and I would thoroughly recommend a walk through it, but allow at least half a day. All in all the hotel was average. Nothing to complain about, but wouldn't go back.	
May 18 2009 	Excellent value	In April 2009 we enjoyed a very pleasant one night stay at the Royal Garden Hotel as we were going to a concert at the Royal Albert Hall. As it turned out, this hotel couldn't be better placed as it is only a 5 minute walk down Kensington High Street to the Albert Hall. Located right next to Kensington Gardens and the Palace and a 2 minute walk from Kensington High Street tube station it is a fabulous area to explore London from. We only booked a few days before and managed to get a standard room with breakfast included with Superbreak for well under £200, which compared very favourably with other hotels in the area. Our second floor room overlooked Kensington High Street, but we were not troubled by noise from the street below. The room itself was very spacious with a huge comfortable bed and the room itself and the bathroom were beautifully clean.The breakfast was superb - buffet style but with huge choices of hot food, cereals, fruit and continental breakfast items. Would well recommend getting a bed and breakfast deal as breakfast is £20 pp per day if you pay separately!All in all, a really excellent stay and we would certainly look to stay again next time we visit London.	
May 4 2009 	Friendly 	This hotel is excellent in most respects - and the friendly efficient service deserves particular mention - but it is let down by the poor sound insulation in the bedrooms. If you happen to have neighbours who like to have the sound up on the TV and radio - as we did on our last visit - your peace and quiet will be disturbed. In fact, when the occupant of the adjoining room sneezed during the night it sounded as if he/she was in our room. It is also worth noting that rooms at the front of the hotel are affected by traffic and street noise.	
Mar 20 2009 	Great location great service	We stayed in the Royal Garden hotel for long weekend break in London and left very pleased with our experience.We had a superior deluxe room which meant we had a fantastic lounge area that overlooked Kensington Palace Gardens - a very relaxing view where we spent a good few hours reading and chilling out. I would best describe the room as 'old fashioned comfort' which will not appeal to everybody. It was very clean and comfortable, but perhaps not up to the 5 star chic appeal of many of the London hotels that many visiors will expect.We ate in both of the hotel restaurants and received fantastic service and food in both - we would definately recommend them to anyone visiting the hotel. All requests we had were met with a friendly 'pleased to help' attitude from every staff member we encountered, which made the stay effortless.Luckily, because we booked last minute we managed to pick up a fairly good deal on the room rate, whereas if we had paid full price I would consider it to be quite steep for the room quality/size/amenities.Overall a very enjoyable stay, made by the excellent food and staff service.	
Mar 9 2009 	Great Hotel in great location second visit looking forward to our next visit.	This hotel is in a perfect location situated on Kensington High Street. Our delux room was spacious and overlooked Kensington Palace/Gardens. Our friends had a standard room which was just as spacious but with a view of the high street. Nothing was too much trouble for the staff. It has the best of both world with the tube, restaurants and bars within minutes walk and also Hyde Park and Kesington Gardens also within a few minutes walk. The champaigne in Bertie's Bar was good and reasonably priced. The first time we stayed the breakfast was waiter service which gave the hotel the edge on other hotels but the second time we stayed it appears to have changed to buffet style but the food was still great. The only improvement I would make would be have tea/coffee making facilities in the rooms, then I would have been completely happy.	
Mar 1 2009 	Great Location and Service but not really a five star property	We Stayed in Royal Gardens Hotel during my husbands business trip. Our son of three came along too. The location is excellent as you are right next to the park and there are many resturants on the street across from the hotel. The service was excellent and professional. We recieved a special rate as we stayed over the weekend. Unfortunately they put us in a room on the 1st floor looking to the hotel machinery so we could not open the cutrains and look out to the park although when we veiwed the rooms before we booked we were shown a lovely room looking at the gardens ( this was our decision to stay there). The bathroom was well sized for London but the rain shower did not work only the standard one. The bed was comfortable but we found a strange stain on the sheets that had not come out during washing (not acceptable for a 5 star establishment). The decor is comfortable but is in need of some refurbishment. Room Service was excellent and the breakfast served in our room was perfect. One the whole we enjoyed our stay but some aspects of the hotel are not in the 5 star range. But the service definately is.	
Feb 17 2009 	Nice Hotel Great Service!	We stayed at the Royal Garden for 2 nights in January and loved it. We booked through www.hotelsclick.com and got a good deal and free breakfast (priced at £20pp per day otherwise). Overall stay very good.Good Things- Service provided by staff was excellent throughout, Cleanliness of hotel in general v.good, Room was spacious and had lovely view, Brilliant mini-bar selection, Comfortable beds, LCD TV on wall which tilted for various viewing angles (unlike portable TV stated in other bizzare review), Great location, Tube 5 min walk away which provides access to almost everywhere, Breakfast of high standard and choice, Park Restaurant on ground floor pretty good, Room Service quick, mostly reasonable prices for food (but not drinks), and delicious!Not so good things-Bathroom definitely could have been better for 5* hotel, Robes etc could have been of better standard, Turndown chocs would have been nice, Main annoyance- Internet access extortionate at £1.50 per 3 mins or £20 daily!We stay 4-5* on a regular basis and I would happily give this a high 4*. A very pleasant stay.	
Dec 28 2008 	Lovely hotel in great location - close to tube 	We stayed at the Royal Garden Hotel for 2 nights whilst visting London for some Christmas shopping and stayed in a delux room on the 7th floor which overlooked the High Street.The hotel is right on Kensington High Street close to the tube station, so it was really easy to find. Check in was smooth and our room was large and very clean. The bathroom was spotless and the bed was super super comfy!We didn't use any of the facilities at the hotel as we were out and about all day but the concierge did look after our cases and shopping bags after we had checked out as we were not leaving until the evening!This hotel was lovely, very impressive looking and in a great location, we had a very enjoyable stay!	
Dec 9 2008 	Great location and thats about it	The hotel is located right next to Kensington Gardens, within walking distance of Kensington Palace, the High Street, Royal Albert Hall and Notting Hill.Other than the location, there is nothing else about the hotel that we found pleasant. The hallways and rooms were very dated and had a damp smell. The bathroom was old with tiles missing, a cracked mirror, and peeling paint. Our room faced the High Street, so it was very loud. If you stay here ask for a room facing the park or out the back of the building.It gets dark and cold in November. We found it strange that you had to exit the hotel and walk down a driveway in order to get to the fitness center. Note that it closes 30min before the advertised closing time.The staff overall seemed to be bitter because of how they are treated by management, and they took it out on us as guest - everyone from the front desk to room service.We do not plan to return to this hotel and would not recommend it to anyone.	
Dec 1 2008 	Not my kind of Five Star	First of all the front of house staff at this hotel are really friendly and efficient, housekeeping leaves something to be desired. We always have a weekend in London at this time of year as it coincides with my little girl's birthday. I booked an executive family room for the four of us, told the hotel it was my daughter's birthday they did not acknowledge this in any way. The room itself (515) was very nice and a really good size for London but the bathroom............was small, to say the least, and a real 1980's throwback. I could'nt believe it when I saw the brown pipe type hairdryer on the wall! As other reviewers have mentioned, the towels and bathrobes are really poor quality and quite old. Turndown service was literally just that, they turned the cover down, they did'nt tidy the bathroom or our dirty glasses away. The breakfast buffet was very good but on Sunday morning we had to stand in the bar area for over 20 mins to wait for a table with what seemed like the rest of the residents of the hotel. We had a lovely weekend but this hotel compared to it's competitors if definitely not the 5 star experience my family and I enjoy. Good location for Kensington and what great views over kensington Palace.	
Nov 13 2008 	Enjoyed	I only stayed here for one night and therefore didn't have an opportunity to sample all that was on offer - but from what I saw I would stay here again.I arrived just after 2 p.m. (which is their earliest check-in time) but my room wasn't ready. The staff were very apologetic and I was offered a tea or coffee in the bar overlooking the park - which was pleasant enough - but I'd have preferred to have been in my room.When I was eventually able to get to my room (45 minutes later!) it was comfortable and clean - with fantastic views over the park and towards the London skyline (from the roof of the Royal Albert Hall, past the London Eye, and over to the BT tower and beyond). The room was on two levels - with a sitting area and desk next to the large windows a couple of steps higher than the bed area. Be warned if in a similar room as I found the carpet on the edge of the step was slippery - and I have a sore coccyx as a result!The bed and pillows were comfortable. Towels and bath robes a bit scratchy. I liked the The White Company toiletries and the bath and separate shower.The &quot;basket of croissants and Danish Pastries&quot; in the Express Breakfast option is actually one croissant and one Danish - but they were flaky and fresh. Gripes: £20 for wireless internet access is steep, and there was no complimentary water which I would expect in a hotel like this.Overall - If I need to stay in this part of London again I would give it another chance	
Nov 3 2008 	Attractive London Hotel with awesome views!	We recently enjoyed a two night stay via redemption of our Disney VC points. DVC has recently paired down the offerings of properties to redeem in London, but the Royal Garden is still a viable option.Upon arrival, a pleasant and cheery desk clerk offered us a room upgrade availble early (10:00 am). She personally walked us to room #837, a recently refurbished room overlooking the park. After taking in the stuning panorama; Kensington Palace, London Eye, Royal Albert Hall, our clerk remained to answer any questions, ensure the bellman brought our bags up, and ensured the room was to our satisfaction. As a recently refurbished room, expect granite in the bathrooms, separate shower and spa tub, towel heater, and TV speakers. TV's have been upgraded to 37&quot; flatscreens, and the rooms now have outlets for all regions plus the internet jack.The only meals we partook in the hotel was breakfast; on Sundays expect a hot buffet with mostly British breakfast items and a custom egg bar. Buffet area was kept tidy and staff were keen to ensure all was well. PROS: Great location on Kensington High Street within walking distance to the Palace, shopping, Royal Albert Hall, tube stop and dining. Public areas kept immaculate, and staff was polite and professional. Newly remodeled rooms are decorated to a high standard without being fussy.CONS: Few if any. We managed to hear conversation and TV noise from an adjacent room, but little else.SUMMARY: Appropriate hotel for those wanting more from their London hotel experience. While not in the same league as The Covent Garden Hotel or The Draycott, it does manage to stay in the same league as most higher end chain properties	
Nov 3 2008 	Nice Hotel and location but extortion for the extras.	We stayed here for a three night break recently, some of the reviews here made it look like a nice place. This hotel is in an excellent location situated next to Hyde Park and Kensington High Street, but the hotel is not as much &quot;contemporary&quot; as it is down right 70's.On the positives, the location is excellent:- situated on Kensington High Street and minutes from the Underground station of the same name makes it close to the city without being in the city. Plenty of great shopping and restaurants nearby, as well as Hyde Park and Holland Park (a real hidden gem with its Kyoto Japanese Garden), and Notting Hill's Portobello Market about 20 minutes walk away.The hotel itself is nice, although their decorator should be shot... among other things, the restaurant itself is a miss-mash of designs that don't seem to work too well, including two huge (and awful) Grecian statues in the style of Atlas holding up the ceiling... I have no idea what the designer was going for here. The room we had on the 10th floor was spacious and very clean, and allowed for some excellent views. The staff are friendly and pleasant, and the room was well equipped and well maintained.Okay, on the down side, as far as I can tell, this hotel's goal is simply here to extort money from you. Internet access in the room is £20 (approx €26) a day! How a hotel can justify that kind of cost is beyond me, thankfully there was a MacDonald's down the road with free WiFi. The mini-bar prices were also ridiculously overpriced.Breakfast, which was a nice but very average affair, was also grossly over priced at £20 per person, and the service was appalling:- first day we received toast 20 minutes before the actual breakfast arrived, and the second day it was the other way around... everything we ordered just seemed to come out to the table in random order and most of the time we were waiting on something (although on the weekend they ran a buffet instead of an ordering system, which made the experience marginally better). But the real highlight was begin overcharged on check out, three times the actual cost was charged to my credit card. No explanation and no apology was given, and I'm still trying to sort this out with the management. While I enjoyed my stay here, I doubt I would stay here again. The location was the biggest attraction and advantage with this stay. As others have said here, this hotel does not justify its 5 star rating. To expect low priced, or even free, internet access is not unreasonable in a 5 star hotel, and the over charging of my credit card left a bitter taste in my mouth.But if you do happen to stay in this hotel, or in Kensington, we found a really nice Japanese restaurant nearby, Feng Sushi, which we found to be very reasonably priced compared to other local restaurants and the service was superb.	
Oct 12 2008 	advertised as a 5* but more like a 3*	I selected the standard room and was expecting a small room with 5* amenities. The room was small and the bathroom even smaller! The room was very outdated; the in room phone must have been a 1960's version. There was no message light and no dial/key pad. Very antiquated. The charge for wi-fi is exorbitant; 20pounds a day!!!! No other options available. The phones did not have dialup or cat 5 capabilities. The bedspread was dated and was an old fashioned quilted gold . There is an exposed old blanket, no triple sheeting as would be expected in a hotel billing itself as 5*. . The TV was an 11&quot; outdated portable style, it was color; surprise surprise. But it was positioned in a place very difficult to watch from the bed. The service was pleasant but the breakfast service in the restaurant was unorganized and very understaffed. It took 30 minutes to get a toasted muffin because the kitchen forget to prepare the order.Overall it was an okay experience for the price. Had it been presented as a 3* hotel then it would have been a decent experience. The food in the bar was very mediocre. The staff was pleasant and helpful when asked for assistance.	
Oct 3 2008 	home away from home!	been there more than 4 timesamazing location, classy rooms, great restaurants, feels like home everytimeextremely friendly staff and plenty of things to do nearby,CAN'T WAIT TO GO THERE AGAIN!	
Sep 15 2008 	Not exactly contemporary or 5 star	I had the opportunity to stay at the Royal Garden courtesy of a prize package my friend had won. On approach it looks like most major hotel chains and the lobby is impressive. The doormen, check-in desk and concierge were all incredibly friendly and smiley. Our room was a twin overlooking Kensington Gardens. I really don't class this hotel as &quot;contemporary&quot;. The decor, the finishing touches and technology are all very dated. The bathroom was fairly small and needed a good steam clean. Beware the bath plug - my friend nearly lost half her toenail! The beds were squishy and comfortable but I loathe extra tight bedsheets and old fashioned blankets - feels like a straightjacket. The TV was archaic and there was no kettle/tea making facilities which really should be standard. Why would anyone pay £3.50 for a cup of tea? (Starbucks across the road will suffice!). My friend was also woken up a few times in the night by a banging noise. I heard it around 7.30am. We also discovered the £300 room rate did not include breakfast. If I had booked and paid for this room I would have been disappointed. This 5 Star does not mean luxury - there are no special touches in the room but its a well located hotel for various attractions and pretty good shopping. I also wish hotels would stop using photos of their most glamourous rooms on their websites, when most of us stay in the standard rooms - its no wonder we get fed up whe we arrive to see our very different looking room!	
Aug 7 2008	Great Service	We booked this hotel through Disney Vacation points and we couldn't have asked for a better place to stay. We spent a portion of our England trip with relative in Hunstanton, Norfolk along the coast and we drove a rental into Central London with the much appreciated Sat/Nav system. I don't think we would have been able to transverse the complicated and harrowing London traffic without it. From the moment we arrive to the time we left everyone was wonderful. Starting at the front drive with a wonderful doorman who took care of contacting the rental company repeatedly to pick up our vehicle. To the gracious front desk staff who were nice enough to change our rooms from 2 twins to a double due to my husbands mistake during booking. We were very please with the recommendations and assistance from the conserge staff who were extremely helpful with the allocation of a wheelchair for our stay so that my Mom-in-law was able to see the sights with us and thier dining suggestions were wonderful. We had English Breakfast included with our reservations which was delish with a buffet and choice of entrees and service was impecable. Thank goodness it was included considering it was 20 pounds per person. Rooms were very nice. Our double had a good sized bathroom, very well appointed and we also had a sitting area which was nice, overlooking Kensington Street. There was a stong odor of smoke in the room, but since we really only were there to sleep it did really bother us. The twin room my in-laws had was very spacious and on the 10th floor had a great view of the tops of london's buildings. It reminded me of Peter Pan's flight. :-)We had a wonderful time and would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a good landing place in this great city. We will definately have to go back as we only had two full days in the city and that is just not enought time to really enjoy everything this city has to offer.	
Jul 24 2008	Mixed	If you want the best of this 5* (but definitely more like 4*) hotel, then you really have to get an expensive room with a great view over the park. And you don't have to like squidgy little bathrooms with tiny baths and no heated towel rail and old seventies-type brown hairdryers -- even in that expensive room.And when will the owners of expensive hotels realise that we don't want to wait for room service for a cuppa? We really do need and expect a kettle and the rest.Sometimes I have had large rooms or even been upgraded to suites overlooking the Palace and Round Pond, but this time I had a little room that seemed to be over the kitchen roof, as there was an unending noise like an air vent going on all night. That reminds me that other reviewers have mentioned the heating/aircon system that obviously has a mind of its own.We ate at the new Chinese on the top floor. I didn't see that the food was better than in the general run of Soho restaurants, but then I'm just after good nosh, not a load of fussing about.Breakfast is always super, with everything you could want, and I always find it very very relaxed in the sunny dining room, but again I felt that the staff were fussing, as if they were overworking to improve their service profile.I actually like the Royal Garden very much: for its nice lobby, its good lifts and the general feeling of being in a large, secure and anonymous hotel. I will always go back, but I don't expect anything like the Four Seasons kind of standard.	
Jun 22 2008 	a wonderful stay	We stayed for one night at the Royal Garden Hotel as we were going to the Royal Albert Hall, which was five minutes walk up the road. The staff couldn't have been friendlier. Check in was quick and efficient and we were taken to our Junior Suite by the receptionist. We had a nice room with a separate seating area. There was a side view towards Kensington Gardens. The bathroom was a decent size with White Company toiletries. We had a Champagne Afternoon Tea which consisted of a glass of champagne, strawberries as well as the usual sandwiches, cakes and scones. There were also several different teas on the menu. As it was also my husband's birthday this was a very good experience. The bed was very comfortable and the next morning we had a good breakfast, including fresh fruits, pastries, cereal and a cooked breakfast. Check out was equally efficient. A wonderful stay for the two of us.	
May 21 2008 	Royal Garden - Great Every Time	This was the second time I stayed with the Royal Garden and I only have positive things to say. The staff is unbelieveably helpful and polite. Patrick at reception was especially helpful and kind in giving us pointers where to go for a good night out. Staff really went out of their way to make our stay enjoyable. Rooms were spacious, which is rare for such a centrally located hotel and everything was very clean as well. Breakfast was included with our rate and brought to our room every morning. It was very fresh and carefully prepared. I would absolutely recommend this hotel to anyone, as the hotel is centrally located and in a generally safe area of the city. We could see Kensington Palace and Gardens from our room. Starbucks is across the street and Topshop a few steps away! What more could you ask for! Be sure to inquire if Patrick or Jesus are working the desk, they will make the difference!	
Apr 24 2008 	Not a 5*. Very Shabby	My boyfriend recently took me here for my birthday and we were both very disappointed. We had booked a junior suit. It was small and dated. We had been told we had a garden view room but were given the wrong key. On speaking to the desk we were told that we could not move as our original room had been given to someone else. The room whilst an ok size was very dated. There was no DVD or CD player, the sound from the TV in the bathroom was broken and so always on, the toilet roll holder was broken and the windows were so bad we were both kept up half the night with the traffic. There was also banging from work going on in the hotel next to our room for much of the afternoon. If you do decide to stay here, insure you get a garden room or you will get no sleep, the rooms are not soundproofed for a main road. We had breakfast in our room and whilst there was plenty of food the hot meal looked as though it had sat on the side for an hour. All in all this not a 5 star hotel. We recently stayed at the Landmark which in comparison make this look like a hostel. For the price you will find a better hotel	
Apr 23 2008 	Horrible 70s Hotel	Great location, but this is really an old hotel that had not been updated. Our room was noisy facing the High street and had old worn furniture and sheets. The bathrooms were large, but had well used towels that had been washed several hundred times - the bathroom could have used an update. The health club was small, dark and in the basement that was accessed from outside the hotel - not good when you are in your workout gear and its freezing outside. And there's a charge to use the facilities. We're pretty laid back New Zealanders, but found the staff more lazy that laid back.	
Mar 26 2008	Great hotel in Kensington	We recently returned from a trip to London and we stayed at the Royal Garden Hotel. It was lovely and we received terrific service. The staff were very courteous, kind and helpful at all times--the concierge and the bellmen particularly. We used the Business Center to email home and it had several computers and printers for our use. The continental breakfast is wonderful, and the English breakfast (included with our room) offered everything you could possibly think of for breakfast. The location of the hotel is great and within easy walking distance to the Kensington High Street tube stop. Also the #9 bus to Trafalgar Square stops right in front of the hotel. We did not try the hotel restaurant for dinner (expensive!) but did have a drink at the bar which was wonderful (free snacks included--olives, nuts, etc.) There are several good restaurants nearby--we ate more than once at Strada (Italian restaurant across the street) and at the Whole Foods food court (it has a seafood bar, a sushi bar, a tapas bar, etc.). There is great shopping nearby as well--Urban Outfitters, Marks and Spencer, Clarks Shoes, an electronics store, etc. Our room was not what I would consider &quot;plush&quot;--however it was very nice, spacious and the bathroom was fully equipped. Something we wish we had known beforehand was that the hotel offers a European cell phone rental service for a nominal fee (we had rented ours in advance). While the Royal Garden is pricey, it is an extremely nice hotel and I would visit again. It offered a restful and comfortable retreat after a long day of sightseeing. Also, when considering cost, don't forget that London is one of the most expensive cities in the world--you should be ready to pay more for food and other necessities than you would in most other cities.	
Mar 1 2008 	Excellent place in Kensington	I am writing this review shortly after checking out of the Royal Garden Hotel. Stayed for two nights. When I arrived, the check-in staff were extremely helpful and courteous. I did not have to wait in a queue. They immediately opened a spot previously closed at the counter to check me in. The room was very spacious, comfortable and clean with the ususal amenities. Unfortunately, the window faced the street rather than the park but despite that there was little street noise (even though I was just on the 2nd floor). The bar in the lobby looked nice though I did not have a chance to try it (it was a bit sparse in terms of patrons which was a bit off putting). At check out, again the staff were courteous, professional and lightningly quick at the same time.Overall, it was a very comfortable stay (though a bit expensive) but I would happily stay again.	
Feb 28 2008	Stylish and friendly	I have stayed here several times over the last few years and have never had a bad experience yet- something that cannot be said of many hotels these days.My last visit was for my mums birthday and they arranged flowers for the room which were gorgeous. Unfortunately the room was not the one I thought Id booked (no view to speak of and no separate seating area) and was less than the 5* standard typified by the Deluxe Rooms Id stayed in before. When I contacted reception to ask if we could move, I have to say the hotel came up trumps. Without any problem they changed us to a deluxe room with a lovely view at no extra charge.The breakfast buffet is delicious and plentiful. Room service is reasonable for the standard of the hotel and promptly delivered. The staff throughtout the hotel give 5* service with a smile - can be a rarity in London I have found over the years.The hotel is only a 10 minute walk from the tube and ideally placed for exploring the sights. I would certainly reccommend it anyone looking for a more upmarket base for a short break.	
Feb 21 2008 	I will never forget our night here.. Amazing	We stayed at the Royal Garden hotel for one night. It was a surprise from my boyfriend for valentines day, and it was amazing, really made me feel like a princess.Our room was great, with a massive bed, and the most wonderful view of the Royal Park and Kensington Palace. The bathroom was a good size, with toweling robes, which were so soft.We were given Champagne and strawberries in our room, which was just perfect, the champagne was the best I have ever tasted.We ate at the hotel restaurant, and the food was amazing. I loved the Foie Gras was the most amazing food I have ever tasted. The wine was fantastic and the service was outstanding.The location of the hotel was excellent, the park is beautiful especially on a sunny day like we had.This was the most amazing romantic evening ever… I will never forget it…..	
Jan 27 2008 	Good but expected better for price	Booked in for 1 night at the hotel to attend a party nearby. They had a special offer on at the spa. The spa and the spa staff were lovely.The room was clean and a good size but for the price we paid i expected better. No iron or ironing board (bought up on request but a tip was expected) Adiitionally no tea/ coffee making facilities in the room.The breakfast was served in a nice airy room with views of the park good varied selection, only complaint is staff need to be asked 3 or 4 times for toast and when it came it was cold...Would probably not stay here again unless the price was allot cheaper...	
Jan 25 2008	Shabby in a number of respects	Royal Garden Hotel is in a great location right next to Kensington Gardens and tube, buses, taxis -. Ideal for tourists.It is a modern hotel, nice building and elegant foyer. The Park breakfast and lunch restaurant is light, spacious and very attractive with views of park. Splendid breakfast buffet Sats and Suns. Also smart fine dining restaurant on top floor with great views too.BUT we have stayed twice , once in their basic level room and this last time in the next grade up. We were not thrilled with the first experience but a few years on we thought it might be better but it isn't.Tiny narrow beds, tiny tv set, worn furniture.Problems with key card - being locked out of room - they thought we were checking out that day when in fact we were staying a few days.Housekeeping rather in a muddle - room left a long time before cleaned - nuisance.Coffee at breakfast always cold - had to complain more than once.Operative staff and supervisors very pleasant.Management inclined to argue with you if you grumble - not a modern approach to customer service.A classic example of a hotel with all the facilities but with unreliable service quality. Would not stay again or recommend.	
Jan 17 2008 	Staff are what makes it	I stayed at the Royal Garden Hotel just over a year ago, My room was pretty shabby but the staff were amazing, The Concierge department were faultless, they helped me book me theatre tickets and made me dinner reservations, Tiernan &amp; Stuart in particular were great.The location of the hotel is ideal for shopping, not too close to the West End but close enough, my room overlooked Kensington Gardens and was a treat.My advice is stay at the Royal Garden, you can get some cheap rates but it is not a 5* in terms of decor but in terms of service it is a 6*!!!	
Jan 7 2008 	Great location has stood the test of time.	We have stayed in this hotel a few times over many years and it really never fails to impress. Great location, excellent concierge, spacious rooms and a fab mini-bar. (sounds mad but they stock mens black socks, the extra pair of stockings and jellly babies - what else could you need?) Check out the juice bar Crush just across the road for a morning smoothie.The Churchill Arms is a short walk away, great if your are looking for a real traditional London pub (and possibly a few &quot;famous&quot; faces), why not follow up with a Lebanse meal @ Maroush - don't miss the Chicken Taouk! With a nightcap in the hotel bar you will not be disappointed.	
Nov 26 2007 	Really lovely	My husband and I stayed her for one night in a room that overlooked Kensington Gardens. Fantastic views, very nice hotel and room service.Great locacation for the Royal Albert Hall too. Would definately recommend.	
Sep 28 2007 	Loved the Royal Garden Hotel	Was pleasantly surprised with the Royal Garden Hotel, after reading some of the reviews. We just got back from a Celebrity transatlantic cruise and booked a 2 nite pre-cruise thru Celebrity, couldn't have been better. We found the hotel to be spotless! Beautiful lobby! Great view of Kensington Park from our room which was very comfortable and clean. The buffet breakfast was great, had a nice selection of fruit, cereals, danish, croissants, and more. You can walk thru the Park to Diana's Palace and there is a lovely coffee shop next to the palace called the Orangy, very elegant. Across from the hotel is the &quot;BiG Bus&quot; ho/ho bus, very convenient, great tour. Also across from the hotel is a great Italian restaurant called &quot;La Strada&quot;, food was excellent and not too pricey! Cost us 40 GBP for the both of us for 2 great dinners, appetizers and wine! I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Sep 16 2007	wouldnt give it 5 stars...	here it is listed as 4 stars. some websites show it at 5. excellent location. clean room. spacious enough for two adults. two twin beds were adequate, thought the pillows were pathetic but i suppose everyone has their preference... room was clean. nice view over kensington gardens. plenty of places to shop and eat on the high street. concierge/help was accommodating, never quite going the extra mile... no major problems just several small irritations. the tv was a nuisance to get working, a problem more suitable for a motel 6... also, i asked the concierge to order tickets for buckingham palace and he did, but he ordered the wrong ones... we were able to do what we had planned out an extra 3 pounds when all was said and done. wouldn't necessarily recommend the hotel, or stay there myself as a top choice. but overall a decent stay. not luxury, but better than your average hotel.	
Aug 24 2007 	you get what you pay for...5*	the royal garden is situated on kensington high street, a bustling shopping area, with plenty of places to have a coffee etc..it backs onto hyde park, so ask for a room which overlooks one of the largest patches of grass in london!as i say, you get what you pay for...a good standard of room, ours was only average in size, but well appointed and clean. good standard of bathroom with shower over bath.eating in the hotel is expensive, english breakfast is about £18, it was nice, but i think it's the most i've ever paid for bacon, sausage and egg!the hotel whilst unquestionably being furnished to a high standard, gave me the impression of being characterless. perhaps that's how the management want it to be, clinical.overall, enjoyed our stay, don't know if i would return, too many other hotels in london to try...	
Jul 15 2007 	Not a five start hotel but OK	It is an average hotel that felt like a 3 or 4 star hotel, I could not see why it had 5 stars. That said the hotel rooms were fine (had a standard room), a standard hotel room similar to something you would find in a holiday inn, nothing special. Although I had the smallest bathroom I have ever seen	
Jul 14 2007 	Put a damper on our weekend in London	We were looking forward to our long weekend in London to see where Princess Diana lived on the 10th anniversary of her death. Looking through several hotel websites we came across this hotel that was near Kensington Palace. We arrived in London early in the morning (6am) and spent the day exploring the sights. When we turned up at the hotel around 4pm they insisted that they did not have a reservation for us. After a long discussion with the front desk manager who insisted that they did not have a reservation for us, my wife finally found a print out of the reservation in her purse. The front desk manager then indicated that he had found our reservation but our room was not ready and asked us to wait 15min. After sitting in the lobby for almost 2 hours, our room was finally ready. Remember this is after flying 10 hours from the US, and spending the day walking around London. Looking forward to resting in our room by Kensington Palace, we were disappointed by the damp smell in the room. The small television was at the side of the bed and difficult to watch from the bed. The bathroom was dirty with well worn towels. And worst of all the staff did not even apologize for the horrible rooms or having us wait for so long. The hotel stay left us bitter at the hotel and the overall london experience.	
Jul 2 2007 	Great for Family Stay	This isn't a hotel that particularly caters to families, but it worked out wonderfully for us. We spent 5 nights over two trips in a Junior Suite. It was hugely roomy and comfortable. Room service was quick and accomodated our little boy very helpfully.The beauty of the place is that it is right next door to Kensington Gardens, so we could be out and feed the ducks or play in the Diana playground quickly and easily. The hotel has many buses that stop right in front and is a short walk from the tube. (We had rooms both in the front and the back and didn't find the traffic side particuly noisy, but you might want to request the back.)Whole Foods has opened its first store about a block away, so we got bagels in the morning there. Wagamama's is next door and very kid friendly. There is a Boots Pharmacy for emergencies (and apple slices and carrots). A Marks and Spencer is also good for sandiches and the like. Plus you have all the high street shops.I lived in London for 6 years and always laughed at this hotel -- it is a big grey box with a pretty tacky lobby. And here I am, happily staying there and recommending it. Times change!	
Jun 19 2007 	A nice stay but definitely not 5 star	Stayed for two nights as we were going to the Albert Hall. This hotel is ideally located for the Albert Hall being 10 minutes walk away. It is ideally located for Kensington Gardens and Kensington High Street.The room on the 9th floor was spacious and clean with a large and very comfortable bed. The TV was a bit on the small size as a lot of quality hotels have larger flat panel units these days. No tea or coffee in the room but this can be supplied if you ask.Breakfast was very good with good selelction of hot and cold dishes and the service was good.Overall the hotel is in need of a bit of an up-grade and up-date to get it to 5 Star level as it is looking a bit tired; the location is good though.	
May 29 2007	Very nice stay	We had a very nice 3-nights-stay at the Royal Garden Hotel. The staff was very friendly and helpfull and our room (5th floor, street-view) very spacious and very clean. Although Kensington High Street is very busy, we didn't hear any traffic-noise except the police or ambulance sirens from time to time.There is no tea-making facility in the room, but you can ask for a tea-tray at the consierge-desk and we were brought one immediately. The hotel is officially rated 5-star, but surely can't be compared with some other 5-star luxury-hotels. But it was more than worth the money we paid for and we will surely stay there again on our next trip to London.	
May 16 2007 	Don't stay at this 2 star hotel...	PROSLocation (near Kensington Gardens)CONSLocation (on a noisy street)Rooms are very dated, and smellWorn carpet in the hallwaysMoldy bathrooms need cleaning and updatingBugs in the closetLong check in/out timesBad staff attitude, treat guests with contemptManagement attitude even worseTheir web site looks very professional, but in reality this is a very dated hotel, claiming 5 star status, but more reminiscent of an hourly rate 2 star hotel - with staff to match. Don't be fooled by their low rates. You don't get much for your money. Owners clearly have not invested in this property in decades, but are still able milk the tourist traffic who are not repeat guests.	
May 15 2007 	Great value	Four of us booked the Spa Indulgence Package. We arrived at the hotel at approx 11.00 and were pleasantly surprised to be allocated rooms at this time. Don't be mislead by the title &quot;Superior Room&quot; the decor of the rooms werebasic ,but the rooms did include all the facilities you would expect.. (Tea making facilities and newspapers are both available FOC if you request them) The customer care in the spa was excellent as were the staff we spoke to throughout the hotel. Breakfast was first class with a buffet catering for every dietary requirement possible. We would definitely stay again.	
Apr 30 2007 	fake 5 star hotel	When we arrived at 1100, the hotel gave us an early check-in and we were very impressed with the service. But when we got into the room, my god, it was tiny. I booked for a single room, and after fitting in a single bed, wodedrobe, a desk, chair and a single seated sofa, there was no space left in the room! Because the room was so small, the TV was placed on the SIDE of the bed (not at the end). And normal stuff like kettle, tea, coffee, toothbrush and toothpaste could only be supplied if you ask. Since there was only a single bed (my mistake that i should have booked a double), we asked if the hotel could give us an extra bed or change to a double room, expecting to accept any extra charge. The reply i got was1) cant give you extra bed (or more duvets or pillows) because it is a single room2) hotel is full tonight therefore we cannot exchange the room for youThe attitude of the person i spoke to was bad and he did not offer me any other help (like suggesting I could go to another hotel )apart from repeating the room was for single person and it was not meant to have more than one person inside. This is just not the the type of service i would expect from a 5 star hotel.Lastly, the bar in the hotel was noisy, i could only hear people talking and I could hardly hear the music. Again, i did not expect this from a 5 star hotel, i would have thought it would be more classy.	
Apr 3 2007 	Perfectly fine place to stay	Modern, upscale, business/tourist hotel. Don't expect to face Kensington Gardens, rather the basic rooms all face High St. Kensington, a busy thoroughfare but not particularly noisy. The location is a bit off the beaten path, but easy to get to via tube station down the block. Lots of good local restaurants in Kensington,just prepare your wallet. Otherwise, would definitely stay there again.	
Mar 1 2007	Pleasant family break	I booked a Suite for 3 nights in Feb for myself, husband and 2 kids (3 &amp; 6yrs) for 230/night. Room was decorated to a high standard and exactly as depicted on the hotel website. Sofa bed was a single so they wheeled in another bed for the 2nd child at my request. Concierge was very helpful at reccomending evening dining options outside the hotel as dining in-house was a bit too formal for our kids in this predominantly business traveller hotel. Great location near High St. Kensington Tube and less than 10 pounds Taxi ride from Paddington for easy transfer to Heathrow express. Overall very enjoyable.	
Feb 16 2007 	Poor service staff and managment display poor attittude	I have stayed here for the equivalent of 5/6 months in total over the past 10 years (my former company uses the hotel). Its not worth the money, staff have poor attitude. They just do not understand service. Food is generally rubbish and expensive. Breakfast is OK. Management can not offer help even to resolve simple issues. Location is great.	
Feb 13 2007 	Great location and lovely staff	Booked a three night stay through an online agent, hotel was a 'mystery' choice although you could work out which hotel it was from the description. Paid just over £100 a night for a room including continental breakfast and so considered this excellent value for money in central London. Staff were fabulous, all very pleasant and the service was faultless. The room I had was very large accommodating a kingsize bed, sofa, chair, desk, table etc with no problems. Bathroom in very good condition and of a reasonable size. The only thing I would criticise is the food in the hotel which is distinctly average but really quite expensive. In addition the hotel were carrying out renovations while I was staying and I was awoken each morning to the sound of drilling from the floor above, and as the hotel was busy I wasn't able to move rooms.	
Feb 5 2007 	good value	Stayed in January 2007. Good value for money and I would stay again. Some reviewers expect too much. It is not fair to compare budget 5 star hotels to luxury 5 star hotels. This hotel was plenty good enough for the money. I stayed in the Dorchester earlier this year- it was twice as good, but I paid twice as much. I enjoyed both hotels for different reasons and would use both again.	
Jan 24 2007 	Great hotel great location great price	Stayed here for 3 nights over a long weekend in January and got a great deal from a 'top secret' type we offer, had enough clues to know which hotel it would be before I booked, 100gbp per night B&amp;B for London 5* - unbelievable price. Arrived early and no non smoking room was available, so was offered choice to wait or to take an available smoking room. I took second option with proviso I could change if the room was smelly. It wasn't. Got a 9th floor street facing room - great view looking down Kensington High Street, especially when lit up at night. The room has a dvd &amp; cd player, plus a little mezzanine with a sofa and armchair, so bigger than I was expecting. It was in good condition - no complaints at all, ditto for bathroom. Daily Telegraph free each morning. Breakfast was good, not amazing - continental included in room rate price. Great for fresh fruit and juices, ok for cold meats &amp; cheese (what was there was nice, but limited choice). Possible to order cooked breakfast for an extra 4.50 per person which I though was reasonable (took it one day and was not disappointed). Staff were very helpful, concierge helpful and friendly. The hotel bar was ok but a bit boring in terms of look &amp; feel. Didn't try the restaurant. Knightsbridge &amp; and west end just a short bus ride away (bus stop outsdide hotel), or a cheap cab ride. Tube station also very close, but found that bus was more convient to go into west end. Area surrounding hotel is nice - next to Kensington gardens on one side and high street shopping, bars &amp; cafes on the other. Overall &amp; given the price paid - it was suberb &amp; highly recommended. If I had paid double or more would have expected a more specacular breakfast selection and a more interesting hotel bar.	
Jan 21 2007	Getting older but ok	The Royal Garden was my default hotel from 1999-2002. During that time it had just undergone a renovation and I found the rooms (although a tad small) nice, the beds nice and the bathrooms very clean.Now, five years later, the Royal Garden is starting to show some signs of aging. The carpets are getting a tad dirtier and my last mattress was quite lumpy. It's still worth staying, but I suspect things will be getting a little more tired in the months and years to come.You can get some good deals here, compared to other hotels in London, and the location is quite nice. Overall I have no real complaints, but I just remember when it used to be a little bit nicer...	
Jan 10 2007 	The only nice thing there is the lobby.	Apparently this hotel has different size/quality rooms since my coworkers like to stay there (for the same money).My room was horrible: small and outdated with poor ventilation. The worst thing about it was the bathroom! I actually couldn't fit there, and no, I am not fat, I am pretty thin. Every time I was coming to my room I thought how overpriced it was. The floor hallway was just scary.The food on the first floor and on the top floor was good but pricey.The room was ready very late and I had to hang in the lobby for several hours, therefore the title...Will try some other hotel next time!	
Jan 6 2007 	Great!	We stayed here from December 24th, 2006 until January 2nd, 2007 and booked a great deal through otel.com. Although the room (330) had one somewhat broken window (noisy and it didn't open) we were quite happy! Continental breakfast was included and was sufficient (although something like salami or pepperoni would add a bonus to the breakfast buffet) and varied. Breakfast via roomservice was free of charge and the requested ham and cheese was complimentary! Compliments for the concierge who booked dinner reservations for us, and told us everything we needed to know! A shame though that the Tenth, which is supposed to be absolutely fabulous, was closed everytime we tried to visit (and believe me: we've tried!). The only thing that wasn't so great is that, contrary to what the hotel itself states, not all rooms look out onto Kensington Garden. Our room looked out on Kensington High Street and that can be quite noisy. But all in all it's a good five star hotel and I can recommend it to anyone! Close to the tube, 20 minutes walk to Knightsbridge, what more do you want?	
Jan 1 2007 	First Rate!	We stayed at the Royal Garden for a long weekend during the Christmas/Newe Year week and could not have been more pleased and pleasantly surprised. The hotel public areas and our room were comfortable and welcoming. The staff could not have been nicer or more professional. The concierges on duty during our stay were all professional and quite knowledgeable and went out of their way to be helpful and accomodating. I had forgotten collar stays for my dress shirts and the concierge directed me to a local shop where I was able to obtain them. Simlarly, they made recommendations regarding convenient and inexpensive transportation and useful tips.Continental breakfast was included in our package and provided a wide slection of fresh fruit, cereal and breads/pastries nicely presented, the staff could not have been nicer. They were attentive and very professional.Only minor issues- my companion found that the lighting in the bathroom was not conducive for putting on her makeup; there is little drawer space and the closet could use a light- but these were minor inconveniences in what was an otherwise pleasant sojourn at the Royal Garden.For those needing to use their computer -- the wireless service was fairly reasonable at L5 for a two hour card.The hotel location was very convenient- just a short walk to the tube and bus stops and for a nice walk- Harrod's and other shopping. All things considered- I'd go back.	
Dec 5 2006 	Good but could be better	I stayed here a 3 years ago and it was fine, so I booked it again for 2 nights last week (Sat/Sun) I booked direct and seleted the deluxe room. When we arrived we had been bumped up to a junior suit, didn't have to ask. Room fine, large with lovely views across the park, clean and everything working fine. I agree with the previous post that the walls are thin, could here child crying somewhere.I have however stayed in better 4 star - The Chestrfield at Mayfair for example.BreakfastHere's where they let themselves down. There was obviously lots of office/works parties on the Saturday night, so Sunday was chaos. They provided a buffet breakfast clearly because they can't cope with the level of people. I detest English Breakfast being served this way, as it is usually cold and the selection is limited. The continental buffet was fine, lots of choice. My husband asked for fried eggs instead of the scrambled slop that was provided and this took 20 minutes!!!The staff were far too busy and the service was poor, for £19.50 per head it was dreadful - my breakfast was included, but that is a terrible price. It felt like a travel lodge.What a difference the next day. No crappy hot buffet, just all cooked to order. Much much, better. Service was fine as it should be and staff were polite.I don't think the Royal Garden deserves 5 stars anymore, it needs a shake up to get them to realise that good service is a continuious thing, not just when they feel like it.	
Nov 28 2006 	poor concierge not a 5 star	Ive stayed in many 5 stars and this just doesnt compare to any of them the concierge in particular were the most dissappointing and were of no help when we asked if they could try and get us a table in a restaurant he said no chance when we asked if there were any nearby restaurants he didnt know any (strange considering there are about 5 across the road!) as a 5 star hotel service should be their number 1 priority and it fails dismally the rooms are small and outdated and the walls are thin I could hear people in the next room talking at 6am.the bar is overpriced and so is the tenth resturant which is also in need of a refurb how can you charge the same price as claridges when you arent in central london and you aint anywhere near that standard! v dissappointing and definatly not a 5 star hotel the service just isnt there its got no atmosphere and is vastly overpriced! Ive stayed in the atheneum which is closer to shops etc the service is the best and the rooms are better my advice is stay there we will next time.	
Nov 21 2006 	An unexpected pleasure	We stayed at the Royal Garden Hotel from Oct 20 the 28th. We were very surprised to find that is is a very nice hotel in a nice area. The DH found it to be a bit far from downtown London but Kensington has its own charm.The hotel seemed to have a great many diplomats &amp; sports figures- a little embasy row is just next door- and it is next to Kensington Palace. The continental breakfast was included but we were able to purchase the full English breakfast for just 4 pounds more. That was cheaper than going to Giraffe across the street. There are many small but relatively inexpensive restaurants across the street ranging from Starbucks to Giraffe , Italian and Greek as well as a popular pub. The area is just great about a mile from Notting Hill. The service was very good although room service for a splurge evening snack left much to be desired but when we complained they withdrew the charge. Marks and Spencer are just up the street also for an inexpensive meal with the underground next to it - about 500 yards from the hotel. The room and bath was average size for an American hotel with a nice tile bath. We would stay there again. We had not seen many reviews and had thought it to be a possible dud. But we now think that they are just keeping a great secret.	
Nov 13 2006 	The Grass is Greener at Royal Garden	We stayed at the Royal Garden Hotel October 28 – November 1, 2006 while in London on our honeymoon. The hotel location is excellent, there are many shops &amp; a variety of restaurants right out side the door, Kensington Palace &amp; Gardens is also next door to the hotel. The Kensington High Street Underground stop is a short, pleasant walk from the hotel. The front desk staff were professional &amp; the Concierge was very helpful with arranging transportation to the airport at the end of our stay. The room was a comfortable size &amp; was clean with a comfortable bed &amp; nice sitting area (small couch, table with magazines &amp; a big window overlooking Kensington High Street – great view). The bathroom was also clean, amenities included the usual soaps, shampoo, conditioner, shower gel &amp; lotion along with bathrobes, cotton swabs &amp; a sewing kit. In room internet access was available but for a hefty price.The continental breakfast that was included in our room rate had a good variety of cereal, fruits, yogurt &amp; pastries. The restaurant had a nice atmosphere with big windows that looked out onto Kensington Park. Royal Garden Hotel was in a great location &amp; met our needs, I would stay there again &amp; recommend it to others. While in London I would also recommend seeing the play “Wicked” at Apollo Victoria Theatre (esp. if you’re a Wizard of Oz fan). If you’re American, I must warn you, the $ exchange rate isn’t very good… prepare to shell out $$ esp when dining, even one basic meal at a fast food joint will cost about $13+USD per person but after all, you’re (hopefully) on vacation so enjoy! Another dining tip, most London restaurants include the tip in your meal price so be sure to check on the menu to see if a “service charge” has been included before leaving a tip.	
Nov 8 2006 	Very comfortable	I stayed at the Royal Garden hotel for one night on business.The reception staff were very helpful, and the room very comfortable, clean and large (for a London room). In room facilities were very good (interactive internet TV, etc). I've only given it four stars as:- you couldn't stretch out in the bath- no tea or coffee facilities in the room- a rather chaotic breakfast (no tea or coffee offered to me, and I didn't have time to wait).These are minor quibbles - all in all it was a very pleasant place to stay, and at £147/night including buffet breakfast, pretty good value.	
Oct 9 2006	Great location perfect breakfast excellent views	This really is the perfect location for a stay in London and with great views (from our room at least) I'd highly recomend it. The ground floor restaraunt where we took breakfast was fantastic with really hepful and friendly staff, and FULL table service too, not some 'Harvester' type buffet! Top marks.	
Aug 19 2006 	Location Location Location	The Royal Garden has a prime location on Kensington High Street close to the best shops in London, including Harrods and Harvey Nichols.Reception and Concierge staff are among the best I have ever dealt with. The rooms are a bit dated but very well mantained. It is worthy to upgrade to one of the rooms overlooking the park. What a view!Breakfast is served in the cafe restaurant, excellent choice of food for £18. The service is attentive and friendly but try to avoid peak periods if you can.There are a lot of restaurants in the area but dinner at the Tenth restaurant is a must.I highly recommend this hotel to anyone. Location, location, location!.	
Aug 4 2006 	Great Hotel Great Location	My partner booked this as a surprise break for me. We had a spacious room overlooking Hyde Park and even better we were right in the midst of High Street Kensington shops. Our room was very clean with traditional furnishings, but the ensuite could do with a bit of an update.The reception staff were very helpful and polite and the doorman couldn't help us enough with all the local information.On the first night we ordered room service as we arrived very late but the next evening we went to The Tenth Restaurant which has stunning views overlooking the Park and even towards the London Eye. The food was very well presented but perhaps not very substantial for my apetite.Overall I would recommend this 5 Star Hotel to anyone who wants to be in a great location and enjoy a warm and friendly atmosphere	
Aug 3 2006	Loved it Except>	Loved the hotel it was very worth while, the staff in the main restaurant for brakfast where all very cheerfull and friendly especially the restaurant manager who on arrival found us the location of an Ameriacan Bank and a suitabke alternative, What knowledge!!	
Jul 11 2006	Pleasantly surprised..	We stayed here for 3 nights in June. Had a lovely quiet room (which is rare for London) on the back of the building looking over a tree lined street. Staff wonderful - rooms spacious and very clean - liked the sitting area with the large picture window. Room service was excellant - breakfast wheeled in on a trolly and everything we asked for. Would have liked to have stayed here again after our time touring - we tried everything but they requested more than double what we paid for this visit so alas didn't go back.	
Jun 5 2006	Enjoy The Royal Garden!	Had a terrific stay at The Royal Garden. Great hotel, that comes with a perfect location. The staff was very polite and helpful.The room was nice, modern and clean. TV/Computer and DVD player, had no problem operating the pay tv etc.The food was excelent, so was the 24-hour room service. Late one night we had dinner at the hotel room. Steak with new potatoes. Fantastic!We had a nice view of Kensinghton High street, a typical London &quot;picture&quot; :o)The Royal Garden is a true 5 ***** star hotel, no doubt!	
May 1 2006	Dated no longer 5 stars.	Five star hotel? Maybe twenty years ago. Service - very good, I must say.Location - excellent- overlooking kensington palace and on high street Kensington - good shopping and bus/tube access. Rooms - Was on tenth (top )floor. Wonderful views of royal kensington park. Musty smell to room- dated furniture with stains. Nothing special Good size. Thin sheets, difficult to control air conditioning- expect a hot/cold night. TV difficult to use and took ages to load up. No preview of movies. No kettle! Bathroom - nice- bidet in one of our rooms. Bathrobes.Breakfast - ok, not worth the £18 a head. Poor service. Expect to have to ask for everything, and twice. Business centre - open 24hrs a day, £2.50 for 15 mins internet, 25 p to print.Paid £100 per night for twins. Conclusion - Great location, and historically probably a five star hotel, but now the rooms are too dated, furniture is old, rooms are musty. Worth going if you find a deal, but would not pay more than £100. Very nice for a weekend break - to walk around kensington gardens/hyde park, and high st ken for shopping.	
Apr 10 2006	Decidely average	We stayed at the hotel as part of a large group celebrating a special birthday. All in all it was very functional without being very special. The rooms were perfectly adequate although for the cost surely the provision of tea/coffee facilities should be a given. The quality of staff was fine but the problem was the lack of said staff. Each area seemed to be understaffed. Breakfast was somewhat chaotic purely because there were not enough staff to deal with the guests. When food ran out there was no one to bring out more. Overall there was nothing particularly wrong with the hotel other than an insufficient staff to guests ratio.	
Apr 8 2006 	Good Expensive Hotel !	Hello, I stayed in this hotel for 5 days (biz trip). the overall impression is very good, yet, if u r paying from ur pocket for the accomodation, then watch out. i know that there r other hotels in london much more expensive but this is not the cheapest eaither. for ex, to clean a shirt it costs u 6 pounds, to use the hotel internet, u pay around 20 pounds/2 h. there s a wirless connection that costs less anyways. english breakfast costs u around 18 pound..this is just to give an example then it is up to u and the budget u have in mind.as for the services, it very good i must say. staff s attentive and polite (the majority. room is ok but not big. toilets r in a v good condition and the food and the room service is excellent. u can request for ur tean &amp; coffee making kit if there s no one n ur room. in general - it is a good choice if u can afford it.	
Mar 30 2006	Personalised Stay in a 5*	I recently stayed at the Royal Garden Hotel in London during a business trip and my family joined me for the weekend as they never been to London (my wife and our son). The hotel is well located as it is not far from heathrow and close to shopping areas such as Harrods and Slone Square. I was very satisfied by the efficiency of their driver who came to pick me up at the airport and knew moreless most of the info I asked him and even tried to talk to me in Russian. In general i stay on teh other part of teh park but my assitant was adived by our agency to try this hotel has they had a good deal and ok feedback. I will also myself recommend this hotel being above the average 5* without the added $$$ that you can get in the other hotels on the Park Lane. Being on this side they concentrate more on making me fell having a personalised stay (with a welcome card in russian). But they should have more russian speaking staff.	
Mar 27 2006 	5 star service 3 star rooms	Can't fault the service and location but expected much more from a five star hotel where the room was concerned. Had booked a non-smoking standard room but when I arrived they did not have one available so gave me a free upgrade to a 'suite'. Was really glad as it was tiny and so was pleased not to be in a standard room. However, it was the bathroom that amazed me - I have never been in one so small - ever. Bear in mind I am from the UK so not judging it against American standards. You had to open the door which opened against the bath, stand close against the sink, and close the door to get to the toilet. Was here on a conference and was really pleased it was on expenses and not coming out of my own pocket! Unless you have a strong reason to stay here I would not recommend it as there is much better available in London.	
Mar 21 2006	Had a great Time	Stayed here for our Wedding Aniversary 17th March for 4 days. Excellent again. I book through National Trust in conjuction with Super Breaks. Only pay standard room charge over looking the High Street. No noise as were never in our room. I found the staff excellent, breakfasr included with our booking no problem with the food. Dined in the terrace resturant three nights and the food was very good.I wouldn't hesitate to recommended Royal Garden.All the staff very good.Hope to go again in the Autumn	
Mar 14 2006	Very mixed experience	I booked this for a 2 night treat for my husband, and we enjoyed ourselves on the whole, but sometimes it was hard work. I'd asked for a garden view and we were given a room that overlooked a concrete roof (!) - you could just see the Kensington gardens if you stood at the very corner of the window and craned your neck. After some discussion they upgraded (at a cost) to a room which had a fantastic view on the 9th floor - but later realised it was extremely noisy with a/c units above (&amp; we had to ask for a tea tray - 5 star?). When I complained at checkout a very nice receptionist refunded the upgrade. First breakfast was great - lovely table/view &amp; lovely food &amp; v good service. Second was a disaster - terrible table near kitchen door (really there shouldn't be a table there at all) and we were told we couldn't move because they were 'too busy'! We insisted and then had to wait 25 mins for a breakfast that was undercooked - definitely felt that was the punishment. All in all, a great location but very varied staff attitudes - a shame!	
Feb 10 2006 	Patrons beware	On Jan 26th, 2006 we (three of us) got up at 4am and flew to London for a computer show. One in the party went to the Royal Garden, checked-in and indicated to the hotel staff that the other two rooms would be coming in after the show. After a hard day we showed up at 7pm checked in. (Credit Card taken, passports photocopied). Then we were asked to take a seat in the bar. After 15 minutes we were told their were no rooms. We were put in a cab for a &quot;nearby&quot; hotel... The Royal Garden was one subway stop and in walking distance from the show. The nearby hotel was six subway stops and one change away. It was 4-star vs 5-star and available at &quot;the same rate&quot;. The room was confirmed with Credit Card on booking. Only later did we find out that some rooms never checked out, so we were bumped. Our group split, to an inferier Hotel, added transport time. etc. We have now recevied a letter that &quot;apologies&quot; and offers .... nothing.So it seems that one should not rely on late checkin at this hotel. (Copy of letter from Hotel available upon request).	
Feb 6 2006 	One for the best in london	I was in London at a company event and decided to stay at the Royal Garden Hotel from the list of recommended hotels. It was only slightly more than some of the other hotels even though it had five stars, but was the hotel where the event was being held. Staff were very friendly and helpful. The staff in Berties bar went out of there way to make me feel welcome and really impressed the clients I was entertaining. Rooms are spacious and I had a great view over Hyde Park.Its not the cheapest hotel in London, but with most things, you get what you pay for. Definitely one for the A list.	
Dec 13 2005 	Beautiful views but watch the bill !	Stayed for one night in a super deluxe room (which I was upgraded to IMHO for being polite at check in !)Stunning Room with equally stunning views. Lots of nice touches (Bathrobes, slippers etc) but my personal favourite was the Heated bathroom mirror which didn't steam up in spite of my hot shower !Room was big, servicein hotel fair (but didn't eat there so can't comment on dining experience)Overall, would reccomend, but watch the bill (4 drinks in bar cost over £30)	
Nov 29 2005 	Watch the bill!	Stayed in this hotel on the 16th of September. The bathroom was not well cleaned and the room and whole corridor smelt strongly of cigeretts. However, what really annoyed me was the bill. I received a letter on the 23rd of Spetember relating to a mini-bar charge dated 16th Septmeber for my roon (room 612). I did not use / take any item from the mini bar during my stay - but did open it in the hope of finding coffee making facilities. I left a phone message for Ms Felicity Yexley of this Hotel to this effect on the 24th but she did not bother to ring back. I emailed Ms Yexley also to no avial. My tip - Watch the bill and what they try and charge you for after they have leftDr Jason Halford	
Sep 24 2005 	Lousy Service	There is no way that this hotel is 5*. The food in the hotel restaurant is terrible with a chef that has a bad attitude. Had two meals in the hotel. Everything you asked for had to be relayed to the chef. Our last meal (for 10 persons) took two hours to arrive and was cold. Chef is unable to cook a rare steak. All the restaurant staff seem scared of him including the manageress who was professional when dealing with our complaint but was limited to what she could do.The hotel foyer looks impressive but then this does not reflect the bedroom comfort. The toilet is 1 inch away from the wall and therefore impossible to sit comfortably on. The key card system is a total joke. Every day, our key cards had to be replaced.All in all, we would not return but then again, they have enough business in London to not bother about any of the above.	
May 25 2005	Clean and lovely	Had not known about the hotel previously as our trip was planned last minute. The hotel's website claimed to be of a 5-star quality and from past visits to London, we knew that this could be a false claim. Check-in was a breeze, quick and friendly. Our room was non-smoking on the 5th floor with a lovely view of Kensington Park and private residences. Easy to find since Kensington tube station is minutes away by foot. Extremely clean and looked to be newly refurbished. Two beds (that did not roll around the room with castors), desk area, raised sitting area with chair, table and sofa, mini-bar, dvd/cd player and internet access. Spacious bathroom with a good shower and water pressure!!! Called the hotel several times to reserve and change our bookings, each time my call was received by friendly and helpful staff. Excellent, excellent hotel. Highly recommended. Only wished we had more time to enjoy the hotel and visit the casino.	
May 22 2005 	disgraceful management	i have found that reservations staff are inefficient about bookings, although i have stayed there many timesif you complain to management about it, they side with staff.if you get food poisoning and complain they decide to have the food and beverages manager discuss it with you, change their mind and send you a security man to discuss your &quot;allegations&quot;. when you want to know why, they ask you to leave the hotel calling you a troublemaker. the main culprit is the deputy general manager. great location, some great staff. rest is unworthy. avoid.	
May 20 2005 	Friendliest 5 star in London	We had a great stay at the Royal garden and it was superb. The location next to the park and Kensington Palace is excellent but what really impressed was the friendliness of the staff. They really could not do enough for us and always with a smile! Rare sometimes in many hotels.The rooms are spacious (well worth paying the small supplement for the Park view rooms) and well equipped. Room service was excellent and a must is a meal in the restaurant on the Tenth floor.	
Apr 20 2005	Royal Garden Hotel is excellent..truly a 5 star hotel	We just got back from London and we stayed at the Royal Garden Hotel. It was LOVELY. The staff is courteous and the hotel is elegant. We requested a smoking room so we had a better view of Kennsington Gardens. If you request for a smoking room, they will put you on a higher floor (6th floor - there are only 10 floors and the 10th floor is a wonderful restaurant)- hence a nicer view. The room does not smell of smoke but if if does smell of smoke, you can open the windows a little so you can air it out. We had a step up sitting area with a beautiful view of the gardens. We ordered room service late one night and ate it while admiring the city lights. Kudos to Romy (from room service). He was very polite and the food was excellent.The hotel is next to Kennsington Gardens/Hyde park so it is very convenient when you want to take a stroll at the park. We were lucky we had a nice day so we had breakfast at the park (which we bought at Portobello Market the day before)The hotel is within a couple minute walk to the tube - High Street Kennsington (Circle/District line). and the bus stop is in front of the hotel. For those who want 5 star service, the Royal Garden Hotel is your best choice. You will trully be pampered!	
Dec 22 2004 	Disappointing	I just returned from a two night stay at the Royal Garden. Nobody can argue about its excellent location and the stunning views of Kensington Palace. However, I found the service to be very below par. My attempt to check in early was rebuffed despite the fact that I had called and e-mailed in advance and received assurances that this would be okay. They offered to let me shower in the Health Club, a reasonable alternative except for the fact that the club attendant claimed that there were no more locks for the lockers (a theme soon to be repeated). When I insisted that she stand sentry to guard my locker, she managed to find a lock. Utterly silly.After showering, I dropped off my bag at the front desk and they assured that it would be placed in my room. It was not, and indeed they had a difficult time locating it once I did check in at 8pm that evening. And the topper was my breakfast experience. I was the first person to show up for breakfast on Sunday morning as I had to catch an early flight to Heathrow. Despite the fact that their very large dining room was completely empty, I was directed to a table right next to the bus stand -- perhaps two feet away. When I pointed to another table that was a safer distance from the bus stand, I was told that &quot;it was for four people.&quot; I was also told that &quot;they were out of papers&quot; even though I was the first person in the restaurant. As for the food, it was quite marginal. In short, none of these incidents taken in a vacuum is terrible, but taken collectively they suggest a hotel that is nowhere near its self-proclaimed five-star status. This is a average hotel with a very good location and a consistently surly staff. You can do much better in London.	
Nov 22 2004 	An excellent ambiance	Just returned from the Royal Garden after one of our reglar visits. The hotel has an excellent ambiance. Both bars are atmospheric. Breakfast downstairs is varied, plentiful and rates amongst the best. The range of fresh fruit and yoghurt is first class. The queues for breakfast can be problematic if you arrive at approx 10am on week-ends. The views from The Tenth are stunning and it is well worth having a bottle of wine early evening with the wonderful views before the restaurant gets too busy. Rather disappointed with our room on this occasion. Normally we have views over the park with a raised seating level but a rather dowdy room (912) with dowdier bathroom wasn't something to rave about. However, for an excellent location, good service, relaxed and 5* surroundings, The Royal Garden has lots going for it.	
Nov 7 2004	Clean good facilities and excellent staff	Just Returned from a lovely stay at the Royal Garden. Upgraded on arrival to a room with a seperate seating area and spectacular views of the hustle and bustle of Kensington High Street - no street noise though! Spacious room, very clean and well presented. Mini bar very expensive but aren't they all!Friendly welcoming staff and excellent concierge. Lovely breakfast, everything you could possibly want in a calm and relaxed atmosphere.We ate in the hotel on the second night in the Park Terrace restaurant. The British menu shown to us at the front desk didn't really appeal but the menu shown once in the restaurant was quite varied, not expensive and excellent quality.Would thoroughly recommend this hotel, can be expensive (5*) but some good internet deals on offer if you search. Although not as centrally located as some hotels you are just a short walk from High Street Kensington tube station past some pretty good shops. There is a bus stop right outside the hotel with regular sevices. We took the bus to the theatre and back on the concierge recommendation and it was so much easier than the tube. A really enjoyable visit.	
Sep 28 2004	Perfect	The Royal Garden has been my husbands and my default hotel for business trips over the past four years and we have yet to be disappointed. You are treated like a celebrity from the moment that the doorman opens your cab door and you are whisked inside through the revolving glass door. One of the reasons I love this hotel so much is because while you have all of the benefits of a large hotel, it is more intimate than other large chain hotels. All of the concierge are great - case in point: my husband and I were to attend a black tie dinner and I had no idea how to tie a bow tie, the concierge volunteered to teach me how. I have never stayed below the 8th floor, but each of the rooms I have stayed in have a fantastic view of Kensington Garden, as well as Kensigton Palace. I also love how the rooms are split level, with an elevated sitting area next to the huge picture windows. Room service is prompt and has great &quot;all american&quot; and international snacks. Afternoon tea is beautiful in the small cafe next to the park(especially if its rainy and cold outside) - comfy sofas and great service(I actually had my first crumpet here) Breakfast is great as they offer a buffet, a menu, and will also make anything you want (I love bagels with lox and cream cheese, which are not on the menu, but they will make it for me every trip no questions asked) The bar is also nice, perfect for a quick business chat, or pre-dinner drink with friends. The spa is also decent, as they can always fit you in for an impromptu pedicure and is great for a work out(all kinds of classes including Pilates and Yoga), if you don't feel like jogging in Kensington Garden. The location is very good as well, right on High Street Kensington(affordable shopping) yet a quick ride away (he tube is a short walk down the High Street) from all of the major shopping and sight seeing. There are all kinds of quick bites around the hotel, and there's even a salsa club across the street. This hotel is definitly 5 star, but I can understand the mixed reviews. I personally love this hotel and I think it is a great 5 star, but it is not the Ritz with its club levels or the Crillon in Paris with its 14th century suites and views of Place d'Concorde (hence my rating of 4, and not 5.) However, when staying at the Royal Garden, one is also not paying the premium prices of these other hotels.	
Sep 9 2004	5 star?	I have been lucky to stay at the hotel,at the beginning of september.My room looked out over kensington high street but for this it was quiet.The room was nicely furnished,had a tv/cd/ dvd player,but when the tv was turned off you lost the clock,so makeing you have a wake up call.If you fancied a cup of tea or coffee in your room you couldn,t as it was an extra.The hotel had 6 lifts but you seem to be always waiting for one .The lifts only went to reception so if you wanted the gym or carparks you had to go outside and use the lifts there.One last point it would be nice to be offered a cooked veggie beakfast .All in all a nice hotel but could do better as it is a 5 star	
Aug 11 2004	Enjoyed our stay at the Royal Garden	On our recent trip to London this hotel was quite lovely. The room had a beautiful view of the park, the staff were very accomodating and the hotel's close proximity to the &quot;tube&quot; made it extremely convenient for sightseeing.	
Jul 16 2004	Wonderful Views		
Jul 7 2004	5 STAR HOTEL		
Jun 30 2004	tiny room		
Jun 5 2004	Best Hotel in London		
May 10 2004	What a great hotel		
Apr 27 2004	A tired hotel overpriced and overrated		
Mar 30 2004	A mixed bag		
Mar 15 2004	Worth Every Penny		
Sep 11 2003	Great Hotel		
Aug 25 2003	WOW!		
Mar 2 2009 	Trsè bel hotel moderne		
