	Amazing - just go there!!	Look at their website. If it just looks too odd - don't go. If, like me, you think it looks amazing then re-mortgage the house, sell the family silver - whatever it takes - just visit!!I think all the bad reviews on here are from people who just don't get it?Took my Partner overnight for her birthday. The hotel is stunning. A wonderfully eclectic mix of styles. Gold teeth and gnome seats next to a giant chess set in the foyer - need I say more!! Staff are wonderful and made the day absolutely perfect. Booked the 'romatic package' and our room looked amazing on arrival with champagne and rose petals.Didn't eat dinner at the hotel but had cocktails in Asia de Cuba at midnight when it was packed but still they found us a table for 5 in 3 minutes somehow. A fabulous vibe and really relaxed atmosphere for somewhere so busy.Thank you to all the staff for making our day so special.	
	Fabulous!	Beautiful, hip and trendy hotel, lovely rooms (we had a studio room with champagne, rose petals, candles and amazing views) and the bar is fantastic. Asia de Cuba does wonderful food and the service is perfect, although they do seem a little keen to move you on once you've finished eating, even if you are still drinking your wine. Very pricey but worth it if you have the money to spend!	
	Overpriced	Crowdy hotel, nice people, good restaurant Asia de Cuba and nice lounge bar but small rooms very expensive for the quality	
Nov 14 2009 	I Love This Hotel	I stayed at the St. Martins Lane Hotel for a month in May and and returned for 2 more months in the fall. I was in London for work and my family joined me for a month. We loved this hotel. The staff is very friendly and very helpful. Even though hotel is very trendy, we never felt out of place or unwelcome with our 2 1/2 year-old son. Down pillows and down comforters on the very comfortable beds. I was so impressed with the bathroom I took pictures for design ideas for our own house. Best of all, the hotel is in the perfect location in London.	
Nov 9 2009 	eh just"ok"	Stayed at st martins lane in november 2009. My wife and I are well traveled, so we feel we know a good or bad hotel when we see one. Very disappointed overall. rooms are run down and dirty. Staff was very nice and helpful. GREAT location! Walk over and sit for coffee at Trafalgar Sq. (there is a starbucks in front of the hotel) and people watch. Overall would not stay here again	
Oct 24 2009 	Noisy Moldy and Leaky	Room 315:-Thin Walls and doors-Black soot eminating from airconditioner that covered bed, tableHotel:-Stayed here in 2005 and loved it! Now it looked worn down and dirty.-Leak in 3rd floor hallway, wet carpets and moldy smell-Noisy patrons, drunk and throwing hairdryers in room next door at 2 amService: nice, quick check in/out and baggage service-VERY expensiveLocation:-Great, walking distance to tube stations, restaurants and shoppingWill I stay here again?: NO	
Oct 24 2009 	Englands Answer to a W	Very pleasant hotel - great location - upbeat atmosphere and very helpful staff particularly the concierge. Lots of activity in the lobby, restaurant and rum bar. Would stay here again.	
Oct 11 2009 	Not worth it	If it is important for you to be seen at the hip place...stay here. If you want a nice hotel in a great location look else where. The location is good the staff hot. The rooms average the internet charge outrages. You can stay in a dozen hotels in the same area with nicer rooms and not the crazy rates this hotel charges.	
Oct 9 2009 	A Great Hip Spot in The West End	I often stay at The Royalton Hotel when I am in NYC, I love their stylish approach to hotelier, The Royalton is part of The Morgans Group and Morgans operates several properties, one of them is in London's West End; St Martins Lane. I stayed there for a night ,as I was taking the EuroStar to Paris, liked the hotel almost considered delaying Paris for a day or two but just decided I would retun to St Martins Lane each time I find myself in London. Cool hip stylish all those descriptives fit St Martins Lane. Rooms not that big but bathrooms are great and it is a trade off to be in such a pleasing environment. Love this place.	
Oct 9 2009 	My home in London. Cool urban vibe ideal central location hot doormen	St. Martins Lane is my home whenever I am in london. The hotel has a cool, contemporary vibe and is a hot spot at night. Central location w/ immediate walking access to all that London offers. The rooms and suites are smaller than you will find at other hotels but it is an easy trade off for me. Ask for a corner room because the floor to ceiling windows make London all that much closer. The doormen are the hottest in London and they are helpful as well.	
Oct 6 2009 	Great place to base your stay	We were upgraded to a king size bed by the welcoming front desk clerk. First time in London, so we wanted a place with a great location, and this hotel did not disappoint. Our room was clean and had a great bathroom/shower. Great bed and pillows ( I don't understand other's reviews about beds: never slept so well!). Gym next door . Be warned however of exhorbitant costs for features such as laundry, and worse of all, LOCAL phone calls. Apart from that, no complaints.	
Oct 5 2009 	Disappointing compared to its sister The Sanderson	The loaction is great and the hotel very stylish but a couple of things let it down; - we arrived early but our room and our room was not ready so we left a case and our number at reception for them to call when it was (i was feeling unwell so wanted to lie down asap!) At around 11.45 we had the call which was great. I returned to reception and was just handed the keys to our room. No explanation to where the room was we just guessed 503 was on the 5th floor but i would have liked to be told about the gym or asked if we wanted a paper during our stay.- the bed. it was awful. it was SO uncomfortable, the worst hotel bed i have ever had, you could feel the springs and they creaked when simply changing (sleeping!) position. - the cleaner. the bins are really small in the room so ended up having to put an almost empty coffee cup on the floor next to the bin so it could be cleared away. The cleaner must have knocked it over but not realised so left the room with a big stain on the floor.	
Oct 4 2009 	Something different with friendly staff	We drove past the hotel twice as it doesn't have a sign outside but once you realise this weird looking building is the hotel you appreciate its individuality. NCP parking at back of hotel a plus. Very friendly staff and quick efficient check in. We had a garden room which was great as you have your own private terrace, alebit small. The main thing about the room is the lighting - there are no celing lights but strategically placed lamps and downlighters which allow you to tailor the ambience to suit your mood (I recommend for couples!). Lovely shower and great (but of course expensive) mini bar. Room service was efficient (we were told to expect our food in '24' mins and that is when it turned up!) We didn't use the bar or restaurant but judging by the funky people hanging around the lobby it is a cool place to be seen. Expensive (our room was £350) but then this is London so why not spend your money somewhere like this which is a bit different?	
Sep 26 2009 	The staff are such a HUGE credit to this hotel	A cool hotel in a fantastic location in central London. Not for you if you're looking for something traditional, but if you want something different with innovative decor then this is the place for you.The most outstanding aspect for me about this hotel was the staff. They were all just so cheerful, polite, friendly, helpful &amp; efficient. I can't praise them enough. Their attitude to their guests was actually very heart warming. When you consider that they all work in a very busy hotel in the centre of one of the major cities of the world, with a huge guest turnover, but they still managed to treat us as though we were the only guests they had dealt with all week. Absolutely commendable!I would say that this hotel is just on the cusp of needing a little redecoration here &amp; there soon. Nothing outstanding that needs doing specifically, but just a slight feeling that a bit of refreshing wouldn't go amiss in the near future, But, with staff like they have, don't worry about this at all.We will be staying here again on our next visit to London - that's for sure!	
Sep 25 2009 	Fabulous hotel don't stay anywhere else in London!	Stayed at the St Martin's at the beginning of August and was just blown away by the hotel. I have stayed in a few swanky hotels around the world and St Martins has got to be one of the best. I stayed in a Garden room, which was lovely, small but perfectly formed and you still have room to move about . Service was amazing, everyone was pleasant, polite and would do anything to help. The Light Bar is a great place for a drink after shopping and the concierge will help you with any query. Room service was very good and the rooms have the best mini bar that I've ever seen, had dinner at Fifteen (amazing, go if you get the chance!) so can't comment on the restaurant. This is a fabulous hotel, you are made to feel special from the minute your taxi pulls up outside the door, don't stay anywhere else in London!	
Sep 24 2009 	Exceptional Service Great Location	I couldn't have been happier with my decision to stay at this hotel. The room was quite nice--contemporary and with the best shower I have ever had in any hotel in Europe. Nice bedding, toiletries, linens, etc. Having access to the gym next door was also a big plus. Getting to and from the hotel was a snap and there was tons to do and see close by. In particular, the concierge and hotel staff was excellent. With their help, I was able to completely debunk the myth that the food in England is sub-par--we ate like kings!	
Sep 23 2009 	Great Spot	This is a good hotel in a great spot. The rooms are small and getting a litlle dated as other reviews have suggested. But they are well maintained and very clean. The staff were really helpful and friendly in a genuine way rather than the usual stuffy British way. The Location is perfect, in between Leichester Sq and Covent Garden, so most attractions are walking distance and there are plent of great eateries and bars in nearby SOHO. The bar at the hotel is also a great place to meet friends before heading out. I would definately stay there again. (or maybe try the sister hotel Sandersons)	
Sep 21 2009	Nifty in the West End	There's something about this hotel that seems thrown together as quickly as possible. While there is some neat stuff going on in the lobby like a bunch of over sized chess pieces and over sized gold teeth it's all a bit too whimsical for me. I like humor in things don't get me wrong but it was just a tad forced. The staff at the front desk were all very friendly and accommodating as were the bell boys and the concierge. The concierge in fact gve us a couple very good restaurant recommendations (mint leaf for one)The room was not large, not even roomy; it was cozy/crowded. The closet was in an entrance hallway while the bed desk and TV stand were all deposited in the main chamber to make good use of little space. The room was modern and there was some sexy mood lighting for the bed! The bathroom was very modern and much bigger than one would expect from the size of the rest of the room.The sound from the hallways carried a bit too well into the room and even an interior door only helped marginally. I guess it's good to know that people are having a good time inn your hotel though.one night we stopped into the bar and had a drink; it was definitely an off night for there were maybe 4 other guests hidden away while we were there. This at the time was perfect for I just wanted a low key night cap. I could see it being very cool on a night with more activity and that would be fun too.	
Sep 12 2009 	A total convert	I am booking hotel right now for a trip I'm making in November--and I will be going back to St. Martins Lane for the third time in less than a year. A collegeague based in London recommended SML this past February--we had one night of meetings and then some girlfriends of mine were flying in from the states for a fun weekend. I am not usually a fan of mimimalist hotels--I am normally a Dorchester devotee--but I loved everything about SML. The location is fantastic--tube, restaurant and pubs are right out the door. We night-capped each evening at the International right down the street on the corner of Trafalgar Square. I am an avid runner and the Gym Box is a full-use gym and available to guests. Travelling as much as I do, it is a nice change-up to be able to work out in a full size gym as opposed to a hotel gym. Our experience was so great, I returned to SML this past June while over for Wimbledon and more business. Same great staff, another great experience. Our room had a problem with the A/C this time, which I called down about during the day. They sent someone up right away--and when I returned to the hotel late that night I was told the problem couldn't be fixed. We we offered another room--upgraded--and aside form the hassle of having to move everything late-night, the staff were great and accomodating. Ordered room service every night after matches and it was always quick and delicious.So, I am going to book again for my trip in November. Hopefully this will be as good as all the others!	
Sep 10 2009 	Surely the best London has to offer	We arrived at the hotel just after first check in time and were told at reception there was a problem with our room as the previous guests had checked out late. She dissapeared into the office for a minute or two and came back and told us they had upgraded us the Loft Queen Deluxe.This was a huge room with a beautiful bathroom and dressing area. The bath looked amazing but didn't get chance to try it in the one night we were there but the shower was fantastic anyway.The room was fresh and clean and the lighting effects were certainly a novelty in the day and great fun at night!Didn't get opportunity to eat at the restaurant although spent a few hours in the intimate Lightbar. Again more lighting to look at along with some very odd faces on the walls! The drinks were amazing although reasonably pricey but this hotel is right in the centre of the West End so not really a suprise.Room Service breakfast was prompt in the morning. The food seemed fresh and was delicious. Only odd thing was the water container only had enough in it for 3 cups of tea between two of us so one had to go without a second cup!!Checkout was quick and easy and the billing accurate.I would recommend this hotel at a moments notice. Its not the cheapest place in the world but the best things never come cheap.	
Sep 5 2009 	One of the best in London	This is probably my favourite hotel! The staff are gorgeous, the hotel is gorgeous and the food is even better. Make sure you eat at the Asia de Cuba restaurant when you visit. (the Asia de Cuba salad' is to die for) The only gripe I have is the rooms are very small and the tv's are too, but apart from that this hotel is very trendy and worth the money!	
Sep 3 2009 	Experience the peaceful design in the West End... if you can afford it!	I keep a delightful impression of my stay at St Martins Lane Hotel around Easter 2007.Brilliant location in the West End, very quiet in spite of the very lively neighbourhood, extremely helpful and friendly staff, lovely design without being &quot;too much&quot;, chic and young, excellent service (including a large &quot;welcome&quot; fruit basket in the room), the best (Queen size) beds I've experienced in a hotel so far.The room was a bit smaller than expected, but it was not tiny either.Even though pretty expensive, it's definitely worth staying at this hotel at least once!	
Aug 21 2009 	Great location. Quiet. Comfortable. Genious interior design.	A very nice hotel, a 2 minutes walk from Trafalgar Square - and - in spite of the noisy neibourghood - very quiet. Minimalistic design does not make the hotel boring - visa versa - it is very cosy and you feel at home. I stayed at a Standard Queen, but had a possibility to see other room types. All of them are equally nice. My room was not large, but then again - I did not need a dancing pool of a room for my trip. There is enough space for all my stuff. The bed is very comfortable and large enough. The staff is friendly. The service is excellent. The restaurant - Asia di Cuba - is one of the best and fashionable places in London. And the food is delicious!	
Aug 20 2009 	Eh... Glamour stops once you get on the elevator	We decided to go to London for a weekend trip, so time and location were of supreme importance, and in this regard, I think it would be difficult to find any fault with the St. Martin. It's supremely in the center of pretty much everything one would want to see, especially under a time constraint - map it. We generally like the emblematic Morgans/ Stark style (barring some randomly jarring and uncomfortable eye-brow raisers), and this seemed like a really fun concept - a hotel with a facade that changes colour at the whim of its guests. First impressions were fantastic - the lobby is fabulously clubby without being tacky, the clientele is young/ young at heart/ dating someone young, and the staff were very helpful. With these behind us and elated with visions of understated, and quirky elegance to come we headed for the elevators. This is where the first cracks in the armour began to show... literally... the elevators themselves looked beaten up - scratched up, small and fairly ordinary with some hair metal band blaring from the speakers... a complete contrast to the decor just behind their doors. To those thinking &quot;get over yourself, it's an elevator&quot;, I'll disagree - elevators are usually a pretty solid indicator of both how old the hotel is and how much attention to detail is paid by the management - what we saw was a bad omen. The hallways weren't much better aesthetically, but did serve a purpose: by the time we got to our room we expected so little that a metal cot would have received the loudest &quot;Hallelujah!!!&quot; from us. The reality wasn't as dire, but the rooms, save a few special touches (large windows + great bathroom/ shower + the actual light changer over the bed) were borderline ordinary to sub-par. To illustrate: the TV in our room was a tiny black box with poor reception - it wasn't even a flat screen! For a design focused hotel, this is a very strange and outdated transgression - Motel 6 has better equipment. The furniture was at one point, undoubtedly, flawless, but had lost its freshness and was scuffed, beaten up and was beginning to cross into that bad state to which all of my IKEA furniture descends after enduring a move. Everything felt like it had overstayed its welcome by about two years and needed to be replaced desperately - the style was there from a distance, but at closer look, it was Potemkin's village. One great place to which we'd definitely go back to is the Intercontinental bar that was across the street - it had a great bar tender who was turning out flawless negronis and took great delight in his craft. We went there both nights and were impressed each time.	
Aug 17 2009 	bit of a mixed bag...	The Good:Asia de Cuba was delicious and wonderful, and the staff were friendly and sweet. The hotel location was fabulous, easy walking distance to Soho, Trafalger Square, and even the South Bank. The lobby and rooms were stunningly beautiful, very chic and design-saavy.The Bad:The bed was unbearably horrible - you could feel the springs in the mattress poking through. We were unable to sleep at all. The air conditioning (if you can call it that) would not cool off to a reasonable temperature - even at maximum &quot;cold&quot; setting it was humid and tepid in the room. Overall: Overpriced for what it was. Chic does not have to mean uncomfortable.	
Aug 16 2009 	The rooms really do need a bit of attention	Amongst other things, there were stains on the carpet, the desk had a sticky substance (I suspect a cola drink) on it, the aircon barely worked, only one of the showerheads worked, the side unit in the bathroom was not straight and would make a racket when it tipped each time something was put on it.Despite this, the staff continue to be superb (this is our second visit) and the location is excellent. We will be back, but hopefully housekeeping and maintenance would have walked all the rooms and sorted out the minor issues by then.	
Aug 12 2009 	Luxury Location 	This hotel was perfect for our family. I contacted them before leaving the USA requesting if it was at all possible we needed King bed in our room and two doubles for our teenage girls in their room. Reply was quick and said they would accomadate us if at all possible. Upon arrival the staff went out of their way to make us comfortable and meet our needs. We were upgraded to rooms I requested at no extra charge. Since it was 8:00 am they stored luggage and supplied us with breakfast ideas and maps until our rooms were ready. Our rooms were very comfortable and large compared to European standards. Bed very, very comfortable. Beautiful private courtyard connected to our room. Very modern hotel with its bright colors and interesting furniture. We do wish the lighting in room was a bit brighter. Daughters room seemed fine. Hotel must be soundproof as you can not hear anything in hallways or from downstairs where there is a very popular restaurant and a bar. Throughout our entire stay the hotel staff went out of their way to help with directions, maps, ideas, tickets &amp; we never opened a door for ourselves. Did I mention the location? Charing Cross tube in next block. Leicester Square 1 block in other direction. This is where my 17 year old got her picture taken with members of the new Harry Potter movie that was being promoted for release. Tafalgar Square and Piccadilly Circus all within walking distance. Great restaurants and bars all within easy walking distance. Would be very careful in the China district as it did not seem quite as safe and food was not good.	
Aug 7 2009 	good location tiny room!	Stayed for two nights last weekend. Paid £180.00 per night without breakfast. The room was tiny with ikea style furnishing! Good shower but no bathtub. Good location as very central.Not worth the price we paid imho.	
Aug 7 2009 	Worth upgrading	We stayed just one night as we wanted to see a show and not have to get home afterwards. We got a deal on the website and booked a &quot;loft suite&quot; which was far bigger than other rooms we have stayed in before at this hotel, although technically neither a loft (3rd floor) nor a suite (only one room). It cost £337, which is a lot, though, even with the discount. The room was gorgeous, with a big comfy bed, big bathroom with separate bath and shower, and two walls of full length windows. There are plenty of amenities, including bath robes, slippers, umbrellas to borrow, but everything is also for sale, including the cactus! The shower, which didn't have great water pressure, was a disappointment. We ate off the room service menu, which was OK, but again very expensive. If you are a light sleeper, take eyeshades, as the combination of big windows, gaps around the curtains and a pure white room means it gets very light in the mornings.	
Aug 5 2009 	Terrible!	When we entered our room a look of shock consumed my boyfriends face. After returning from a 3 week holiday in the US and staying at hotels like the Encore Wynn and SLS Beverly Hills, this hotel is a DISGRACE! The rooms are the size of a matchbox LITERALLY! It is an insult for the hotel to make people stay in them for 250 pounds a night! The rooms would be more appropriate in a student hostel.. We told the reception we were not happy with the room and were told they were full which was a lie.. No one cared enough to help us out. and we never heard anything else from them.. We couldn't even fit our luggage in the room!!! It is rated as a 4 star so not sure why trip advisor has it as a 5 star.. Rated 4 star but more like 3 star.We spent our stay trying not to trip and attempting to move furniture to make space to walk around the room without jumping and hopping to get to the bathroom. RIDICULOUS!!Upon our return back home i received a feedback email from the hotel. I wrote a stinking review but still have not heard back. If you do somehow decide to stay at this hotel make sure you get a suite.. But for the price rather stay somewhere else! We travel to london every year and have never experienced anything so bad. The location is amazing.. Pity about the hotel!	
Aug 4 2009 	Overrated	I have always wanted to stay in this hotel, as it has such an air of sophistication about it and is very unique. This time, during my trip to London, I chose to stay in St. Martins Lane as a special treat. What a waste of money. The lobby is great and very original. Unfortunately, it stops right there. The rooms are extremely tiny. One would have thought for the money (I was paying over GBP 250 per night) the rooms would be decent-sized. But no, they are small and cramped. You literally have to squeeze past the bed and forget it if you have more luggage or have done extra shopping. There are some nice touches in the room, such as the adjustable colourful lighting, or the Korres toiletries. But these do not compensate for the disappointingly tiny rooms.One great thing about this hotel is the location. It is minutes away from the West End, Oxford Street, Knightsbridge etc. But there are other, better-value hotels in this same neighbourhood too.I would say, skip staying at the hotel and go to their restaurant or bar if you wish to get a taste of the ambiance. Personally, I will not stay again.	
Aug 3 2009 	Excellent hotel with great staff...	Just back from a weekend stay at the St. Martin's Lane hotel. Had a great stay at this stylish hotel.Staff were great, friendly and helpful.We had a garden room. Not a huge outside space, but nice to have a small terrace with plants, a table and chairs. Room had a great layout with separate wc, large walk-in shower and sink.Used the i-pod docking station and nice to have a decent amount of channels on the flat screen tv. DVD player also in the room - with free to borrow discs available.Great location with many attractions within walking distance of the hotel - theatres, Leicerster Square, Trafalgar Sq, Covent Garden, Soho, Oxford St, National Gallery, National Portrait Gallery.....Leicester Square tube about a 3 minute walk away.	
Jul 30 2009 	Bring your earplugs	Stayed here for my birthday weekend last year, combined with a trip to the ENO. Nice, clean rooms, pricey room service. It was all going so well until a private function at the hotel turned its music up. Our room was directly above the din. I presented at reception and was greeted by clueless mannequin staff who didn't really care that my sleep had been disturbed. The racket continued until 2am, then we were further disturbed by the workmen dismantling the function, talking, shouting and slamming van doors... all under our window. The staff finally moved us to the 6th floor after 4am but by then the weekend was ruined as the private function was evidently more important than our rest. I declined the management's offer to stay there again at half price, and complimentary champagne. I wouldn't go anywhere near the place again. In summary, they didn't give a stuff. Abysmal customer service.	
Jul 29 2009 	Fun hotel with great location and friendly staff	Got a fantastic rate of 160 pounds a night for this hotel off of the hotel's website. From the moment we stepped out of our cab, the service was flawless. Concierge was helpful and knowledgeable. Lobby and rooms are very modern, but starting to show a little wear and tear. Our room was small, but totally adequate given the price and location. We found the bathroom to be well designed, clean, and contemporary. Housekeeping were magicians, we never saw them, but their presence was obvious with the daily cleaning and turndown service. Asia de Cuba is located inside the hotel and was good, but not as good as the New York or Miami locations. Drinks in the hotel lounge were great, but we did think it was tacky to charge for nuts and olives, which are usually complimentary at other hotel bars. This is a modern, funky hotel and part of the Morgans hotel chain, which owns Delano in Miami. This chain prides itself on having &quot;party&quot; hotels, which means loud music in the evenings and club type atmosphere on the weekends with lines of people out the door trying to get in, so if you are not there to party, stay somewhere else. Also, the hotel does not have a sign, just a glass facade. Location is near perfect, easy walk to Leicester square tube stop and walking distance to most theatres and great restaurants. Overall, great stay and would definitely go back.	
Jul 27 2009 	Hotel is in an ideal location for all the sights in London!	This is an amazing hotel! When you walk into the spacious lobby you get a good feeling. The front desk reception staff are very nice and helpful. I booked a standard room and was very happy. The room was spotless and comfortable. When the towels are big and plush, I know the hotel is doing everything right! The location of the hotel is perfect. A block or two to the underground (subway) and from there you can get everywhere in London. You are also right in the west end of London and there are theatres all around the area. &quot;Sister Act - The Musical, is excellent! From Heathrow Airport take the Piccadilly underground line and get off the Leicester (pronouced Less ter ) Square stop. Hotel is a couple blocks away. How convenient is that? Will definitely return to the St. Martin's Lane Hotel. P.S. Alex, one of the hotel's concierge is excellent. He was very professional and provides great information during my stay in London!	
Jul 20 2009 	excellent hotel in great location	From the outside it was difficult to tell that this building was the hotel, but as you step inside it really has the wow factor if you like the modern minimalistic look. Reception was bright with funky furniture, the staff really pleasant and constantly asking (not in an annoying way) if they could assist us with anything.Our room was small but we were not intending to spend long in it, upgrade if you intend to do much more than get showered, changed and sleep here. Everything is white except for a bit of silver and one pink plant - which is the only colour in the room. My husband woke up and said he feels he's woken up in an asylum!!!! How he knows what it's like to wake up in an asylum i don't know. The bathroom is of a good size with nice fixtures and fittings, and good quality toiletries.We didn't eat or drink in the hotel but i understand the food is good although it defiantly has 5* prices. Would i stay here again ....personally no but that is because it is not really our style rather than its a bad hotel.	
Jul 15 2009 	A stay at the Plasterboard palace.	A converted, 1960's/70's ugly looking office block, hence a limited picture of the hotel. I don't undertstand why it has a 5 star rating. The bedroom was so called 'Trendy' but looked like it was kitted out by Ikea and awkwardly designed. The reception and feel to the hotel felt seedy. I would have much rather spent my money at an established hotel. The plaster board walls needed a slap of paint . The cocktails were dreadfully expensive, the highest prices I have paid in London. The bed was small but comfortable.	
Jul 13 2009 	Far better than expected	Booked a superior queen room for two nights through priceline, came out to less than $400 a night including fees and taxes. Location is fabulous. Centrally located with easy access to the tube, and despite being in the center of what I would imagine to be a fairly touristy area (theatre district), not at all noisy or unpleasantly crowded during my stay there.First, rooms I had was superbly designed, perhaps not huge in square footage, but laid out in such a way that it felt spacious (the bathroom was, by any objective measure, huge) and airy and clean without being cold or antiseptic. An entire wall was floor to ceiling windows looking out on St Martins Lane. Wonderful.The linens, the bedding all white (no way to hide stains so this to me indicates a hotel intent on demonstrating cleanliness) and extremely comfortable. Service was professional, helpful. Though a &quot;trendy&quot; Morgans hotel, there was no attitude at all. Very nice.Buffet breakfast at 15 pounds not cheap but well worth it if you're a big eater as they have a great selection of pastries, fruits, meats, etc.Room service food surprisingly exceptional. All in all really, really satisfied.A couple of minuses, some glitch with the window blinds and one of the lamps didn't work. One day, an elevator out of order during that hour when a lot of guests need to be leaving to take in the city, go to business meetings or check out. So a little improvement needed in these maintenance areas, but all in all great value for the money. Would definitely return!	
Jul 13 2009 	Luxurious and comfortable accommodation in great location.	Having just returned from a weekend break at SML with my husband, I must say that we enjoyed our time in this hotel for a number of reasons, but more experienced travellers may find their &quot;style over content&quot; a tad pretentious. Our room, a garden room, was immaculate when we checked in, although we were surprised to find that we had been provided for with numerous items for which we have no use, including cigarettes, clothing, and an indulgent selection of nibbles in the mini-bar, but no kettle. Given the layout and content of the room, we expected to find that tea and coffee making facilities were hiding in a minamalist unit somewhere, but no! You may smoke, you may drink champagne, you may wear their dressing gowns, but you may not make coffee in your room. The arrogance of this decision annoyed me intensely, and our first visit around the sights of London was to the local shops to purchase kettle and coffee. I think it is arrogant to assume guests will order room service at bedtime, at waking up, upon arrival and at any other times. For guests not able to purchase a kettle, thank heavens for the numerous coffee houses nearby. However, that aside, the hotel can not be faulted for the quality of its rooms. As mentioned by other reviewers, we found the bed, and the luxurious linen very comfortable, and appreciated the visit from housekeeping to refresh linens and towels twice daily. During our absence, the room was tidied and was a pleasure to return to. The small garden area was a true haven and amazingly peaceful, given the noise associated with nearby Trafalgar Square, and the location was perfect, with Covent Garden, Leciester Square, and the Embankment all a small distance away on foot. Additionally, all members of staff encountered by us during our stay were very courteous and polite, especially when explaining the additional £300 they were adding to my bill in case of &quot;incidentals&quot;. Overall, it was an interesting and comfortable experience, but I wouldnt return, because we like our cuppa in the morning too much.... in fact much more than we need an 'intimate kit ' or an ipod dock!!	
Jul 13 2009 	Excellent location and service but is it worth the money?	St Martins Lane hotel is in a great location, just a couple of minutes from Trafalgar Square and close to the tube etc. We stayed here for one night as we had a couple of parties in London to attend and couldn't be bothered to get the train home late. We had a deluxe king room which we booked as part of a special offer from Travelzoo meaning that it was half the regular room rate. We felt that we had got a bargain considering the reputation of the hotel and I think we did, although I don't think I would stay here at full price (almost £300 a night). The room was ok if a little small, we were on the fifth floor which meant it was nice and quiet too. The HD ready TV had a terrible signal and even though we did not go to watch TV it was pretty appalling for a hotel of this standard. Having said that though the rest of the room was well equipped and the bathroom was nice a spacious although lacking a bath but with an excellent shower. The Korres products were a nice luxury tough as we the candles in the bathroom. Be warned though everything in the hotel room is pretty much chargeable! I can understand why this has to be the case but I doubt anyone would just happen to take the throw from the bed, certainly not if they knew they would be billed £210. Helpfully (?) though there is an extensive list of the items that you will be charged for should they accidentally go home with you...We visited the Light Bar in the evening and this was perghaps the highlight, excellent cocktails and attentive service, worth a visit.The staff also deserve a sopecial mention, they were nothing but helpful throughout our stay. I was however a little annoyed that when we arrived to check in at 3pm our room was not ready nad we were instructed to go and have a coffee and come back in a bit. I think room sreally ought to be ready at the time they state considering that at full price the hotel is about £14 an hour!All told an enjoyable stay, would I stay again? Maybe, if the price was right but I think it would have to be a better deal even than the one I got this time. You seem to get much better rates in the US hotels and better offers too.	
Jul 10 2009 	Uncomfortable Beds/Small Rooms	It's a very trendy looking hotel and the staff is great, but don't expect a good night's sleep because the beds are awful and the rooms are tiny. It's like staying at an Ibis hotel, but you're over paying for the experience.	
Jul 6 2009 	Feels a tad bit been there done that...	I have stayed in many different hotels in London at this price range and well I wasn't impressed. Things started off poorly when I arrived after a long overnight flight and was disappointed that my room wasn't ready when I was exhausted. OK not a deal breaker but really annoying when you want to be fresh for your evening out. Now given the latest allowed checkout would probably be 1;00 pm ish don't you think a room can be cleaned in an hour??? Obviously not. Asia de Cuba the restaurant was really quite good and I ate both a lunch and dinner there. Service there was really attentive and particularly my dinner service was exceptional. Food was flavorful and suggestions for both dishes and cocktails were always well thought out. Room service fare was quite dull and at this level hotel I think you should be able to order off the menu when what you are asking for is simply grilled cheese and tomato sandwich. Is it really so challenging? The hotel room itself was large (I had booked a loft king room) but how about a chair that was comfortable? The bathroom was well appointed and luxurious. I heard other guests commenting on their small rooms so I am glad I spent more for the space but it felt sterile and unwelcoming. Even the design aesthetic of a W is hip without being uncomfortable. The bartenders were very good throughout...they knew their trade...but somehow the whole vibe except for Asia de Cuba seemed of days gone by...like Studio 54 in the late 90's - when the bloom has gone off the rose.	
Jun 29 2009 	Great choice if you get it for the right price	We stayed at the St Martins Lane for 2 nights in early June while in London for the Twenty20 World Cup. I decided that we deserved a treat and something a bit nice and ended up getting the hotel through Priceline for $160 per night which was half the price that the hotel was offering. Location is brilliant and the best I've ever had when staying in London. Two minutes walk to Leicester Square tube, and just around the corner from Trafalgar Square and the National Portrait Gallery. Lots of restaurants and pubs to choose from nearby.The hotel itself is quite funky although a bit bizarre in places! The room was adequate in size - the bed was comfortable and there was a flat screen tv, dvd player and an ipod dock as well. The hotel offers a free dvd service - choose your dvd and they send it up with some complimentary popcorn! What really was the best was the bathroom - it was lovely - contemporary and roomy and the power shower is the best I've ever had. Top marks for that! Check-in and out was speedy and efficient. I'm not sure that I would pay the rack rate (around £260 per room) but if you get a deal then this is a really good choice.	
Jun 16 2009 	nice weekend getaway probably best in the off season	I had a good time here, but maybe it's because I got stuck in London an extra day in the great snowstorm of '09? St. Martins Lane was great for a quick London weekend getaway. Very central location, which is nice...not nice is the outdated Schrager boutique hotel thing that's getting a bit old...but still a sexy place to stay for a weekend rendezvous. The rooms could be bigger, but all you have to do is ask and they will upgrade you (well, in the off season at least...) The bathrooms are fun, be prepared for no privacy. The shower is nice, bath products were yummy. The bed is crap, but the mood lighting and fluffy white sheets and pillows made up for it. The ipod player didn't work well, bring your own. View of Trafager Square was nice...again, I asked for a good room on a high floor with a view and I got it. All you have to do is be nice and ask!	
Jun 9 2009 	Ooooh so trendy!	I've stayed in this hotel a couple of times and I must agree with an earlier comment that this is London's best kept secret. I have friends who live in Central London and they have never seen or heard of it - the lack of any name or identification on the front obviously contributes to this. However, when they came to visit me, they were blown away by the hotel's (and mine by association!) coolness. This hotel is uber-trendy. Though the decor can seem a bit harsh at times (lots of angles, somewhat avant-garde furniture and the lighting/walls are saturated with white) it retains a welcoming and classy atmosphere. I've stayed in most of the room types and the basic rooms can be a bit small, but the best value/space ratio seems to be the garden rooms (basically a small 4x4 foot &quot;garden&quot; with a tree, table and chairs). However, this is still expensive for similar sized rooms in London. The higher up rooms, loft and suite (I think) are of delightful, but can be a rather on the very expensive side - but very chic if you want to make an impression! (ahem)Staff were courteous, rooms were clean, food was excellent. My only gripes would be a) the price (all extras seemed to be a tad pricey) and b) the bouncers on the door of the bar can get a bit bolshie and wont let you in if you forget your room key. This happened me once and was a little embarrassing with me having to head back to the room to get the key before they'd let me in.However, gripes aside, I must admit I love this hotel. It's classy, trendy, yet not obnoxious (bar bouncers excepted!) and will be staying there in the near future!	
Jun 8 2009 	St Martins Lane Best Kept Secret	The St Martins Lane Hotel has to be one of the best kept secrets, as a born Londoner I think that I know London well but arriving by car it took 2 trips round the block to find St Martins and only then by the very discret number 45 etched in the glass at low level, there is no external signage and it looks very much like an office block, which I suspect it once was. Inside the foyer can only be described as very modern qerky. Once upstairs the corridors were silent and the brave use of unpaterned light colour carpet in public areas offers a nice contrast from the usual. The room was all white without any pictures a full height window filling the external wall. A clear pricing policy on everything in the room made it clear for those prone to take items not nailed down the consequences allows a nice range of loose bits.Overall a very nice experience, no noise given its very central position. Critism, we could not lift the lighting level in the bath room and being very English and always looking for this service there was no kettle or tea makingh facility just a small complementary bottle of water.	
May 18 2009 	Very nice hotel - Excellent location	Just got back from a long weekend in London. We wanted to stay someplace near the sites since we only had 2 1/2 days to sightsee. This hotel is in an excellent location. Just off Trafalgar Square and close to Leicester Square, Piccadilly Circus and Convent Garden. We were able to walk to other sites including Westminster Abbey and Buckingham Palace, but it is easily accessible to 2 Underground tube stops. We used the tube a bit to travel to further sites and it was very easy to follow. The hotel itself is very trendy looking and clean. The bathroom was very nice. Restaurant was good, but on the expensive side. The hotel bar gets very crowded on weekend nights, but once we went up to our room, we didn't hear a thing. The hotel has a small business center with free internet access for guests, which I liked very much. Cost us just under $300/night. Definitely recommend given its location.	
May 6 2009 	Cool Hotel Great Location	SML is a funky design hotel in the heart of Covent Garden. It's location is excellent with 2 tube stations nearby and most things within walking distance. The overall design is very modern and of note are the lobby and the lifts as well as the lighting feature in the bedrooms. We stayed in a Deluxe King Room which was bright, clean and spacious. My one criticism is that the curtains barely block any light so bring an eyemask if you want to sleep in late! The bathroom was marble and very large with seperate WC and Shower. Great space for laying out your cosmetics too! And very good lighting options from very bright to candle lit. The bar is average at best. Not much atmosphere, uncomfortable chairs and closing at 10.30pm on a bank holiday Sunday night!?? But ok as a hotel bar goes. The restaurant on the otherhand is fantastic. Delicious food and incredibly friendly and attentive staff. The door and reception staff were also very helpful.Would I go there again? Definitely.	
Apr 29 2009 	OVER RATED	This hotel is part of a chain have stayed in 3 other of the hotels so one would hope that the same level of service and continuity would prevail...Sadly not ,felt i was imposing on the staff while staying there..rooms of a poor standard ,over priced, and like some airlines at every opportunity seeking too extract money (be carefull of mini bar and toiletries prices) overall totally overpriced ,and a London hotel that doesnt care.....	
Apr 23 2009 	Stylish modern comfortable hotel right in the heart of London!	This hotel impresses from the moment you arrive outside. Greeted by the doorman who opened the door of the taxi and brought in our bags and was more than helpful directing us to the front desk. Staff here were chatty and very friendly too!Rooms are very comfortable, bright, clean and spacious with lots of gadgets including iPod speakers and a mood light ;) (In fact pretty much the only thing I can fault the room on was the cheap toilet paper lol!)The Hotel bar is pricey certainly but love the fabulous artwork on the walls :) very dramatic. The food in the restaurant (Asia de Cuba) is a real mix of styles but works so very well especially if you are a fish fan! Totally recommend it, yum!All round a really wonderful stay and will definitely visit again. Location is just perfect right off Leicester Square!	
Apr 5 2009 	Great design and excellent location!	I stayed at St Martins for three nights the third week in March this year. I knew it would be expensive, it was. I knew I would cringe when I saw the bill, I did. But what a wonderful place, yes I do say it is worth the money. The location is a five min walk to the National Gallery and the Natonal Portrait gallery. If you love art this is a great place. About a 1/2 hour walk you can walk to the British Museum. Soho with its bars, great food and very late night people watching is a blast, and its just blocks away. I can tell it had it's hayday 5 or so years ago, but the design is beautiful, the rooms are very clean and sleek. It was a special place to stay.	
Apr 2 2009 	Great Hotel - Shame about the bed !	We stayed at the St. Martin's Lane hotel on a Saturday night at the end of March... we wanted to stay somewhere funky and somewhere cool and St. Martin's Lane did deliver. The bar downstairs, the hotel music, the concierge on duty (Victor) and the general ambiance of the hotel was very very cool.One thing that we must note for any people looking for a &quot;romantic getaway&quot; (and this can be viewed as good or bad) that wish to travel to St. Martin's Lane - the hotel beds are somewhat..... hmmmm.... noisy. The beds are made of metal... the metal joints rubbed against each other and rattled like a 9.5 Richter scale (and that is not boasting about bedroom skills honestly ;) ) One thing that you’ll not find noted in any review is that the stairwell next to the lifts are seldom utilised by the staff and offer sanctuary for those &quot;romantics&quot; who wish for a little quietness from the bed and a little naughtiness ;)All in all though, we would highly recommend this hotel !TeamSSSM	
Mar 25 2009 	Overated	Not worth £247 (inclusive of taxes) for a not terribly big room. I was automatically put into a room on the Smoking Floor (apparently this is what they do with group bookings although why we should have to put up with rooms that reek of smoke is beyond me. As I was going straight into a meeting on arrival and then changing to go to a film premiere I did not have time to mess around with changing rooms. The smell was so bad I had to light the scented candle that I keep for when I travel to less luxurious hotels and destinations (hadn't expected to have to use it here). I never found out how to turn the airconditioning down so the room was a bit cold. There was no door to the bathroom (just an innner door to the loo). I was also called by my first name automatically which may be very trendy but which I though overly familiar (the staff were generally nice but had obviously been trained to use first names). Room service breakfast was ridiculously expensive at £25 (I found lots of places to go in Covent Garden like Patisserie Valerie in Bedford Street). Go to the top of the Portrait Gallery nearby for a great afternoon tea and stunning views.	
Mar 25 2009 	Ideal for scene-stealers and trend-setters - but beware of HEAVY prices in the Light Bar!	I recently returned to stay at St. Martin's Lane, to meet up with some musician friends who were repeat guests at the hotel. I booked the room via Expedia and was thrilled when hotel staff offered to upgrade the Queen bed room I paid for to a larger King bed room and housekeeping put in an extra roll-out bed for my friend free of any extra charges. The staff at the front desk were all friendly and fast with our check-in and the room was well-equiped and very nice indeed. Dental care kits and shaving kits are free, as are the excellent Agua Spa products which are in the bathrooms. Unlike at the sister hotel, The Sanderson in Soho, there is no Agua Spa at St. Martin's Lane. Hotel guests can use the gym next door for free. One disappointment about the rooms is that there is no coffee machine or any kettle. Even Travel Lodge budget hotels have free tea and coffee in their rooms, so you'd expect it in a 5 star hotel! We had to go to Starbucks across the road instead, as the drinks in the room's mini bar cost about the same as two bought together in Starbucks. Don't bother ordering anything on room service unless you have loads of money to spend and don't care about paying an extra £3.75 &quot;tray charge&quot; PLUS a 15% &quot;gratuity charge&quot;. A hot chocolate ordered to your room can cost almost £10! A plate of doughnuts was £28! The Light Bar downstairs is for serious scene-stealers and London trend-setters, packed with business people and fashion and media types. The drinks prices here are far from light! just as shocking as the room service prices, £12 just for a gin and tonic was ridiculous and beware of the service charge PER DRINK even if you order at the bar! Not worth it unless you're loaded. The Bungalow 8 club downstairs is for members only or if you go in with somebody famous (who doesn't have to be a member, just known!) but I wasn't all that impressed. There are two main rooms, but it's small and more of a chic lounge than a nightclub. Hotel guests can only go in there up until 10pm, but it's empty in there until after midnight. It wasn't all that packed when we were in there, so I think they ought to relax the rules. Paparazzi were hanging around outside, but that's not unusual, as celebrities still go there and stay in the hotel. We had more fun partying in our room with cheaper drink bought in a local store than in the bar or Bungalow 8! If you're going to stay here, take my advice - it's for socialising and partying with friends! Don't expect to get any sleep at all until after 3am, as the music from downstairs can easily be heard if you're on a lower floor.Location of the hotel is perfect. Walking distance from both Leicester Square and Covent Garden tube stations, lots of nice cafes and restaurants in the area, too.	
Mar 25 2009 	Cool place !!!	2 night on business. Very stylish and cool place, excellent restaurant and bar. Helpful and interested staff right in the center of it all. Perfect place for a few cool days in London. Exceeds expectations compared with other Morgans Group hotels.	
Mar 17 2009 	The Best Hotel I Have Ever Stayed In!	OK. There is so much to say about St. Martin's Lane. First, the location is the BEST in London. It was so nice, I never used the Tube. Right down the street, literally, was Westminster, which is a must see. The walk to the Tower of London and St. Paul's Cathedral was approx. 20-25 mins. The staff were fabulous! I arrived 2 hours before check in time and after an overnight flight from Chicago, and I the front desk immediatley checked me in, gave me the room early, and within 10 minutes, I was in my room. The operator assisted me in making calls and provided me with the information I needed to dial out. The concierge went above and beyond his duties to chat with me and help me plan an excursion. All in all, the staff was sincere, poliete, and super helpful. They are truly professionals! The rooms were fantastic! The style is funky-hip-modern, and I loved it. The bed was comfortable, the linens were perfect, and the room was just nothing short of awesome! The bathroom was the best and cleanest hotel bathroom I have ever seen! The shower provided plenty of hot water, and it was well stocked and spacious! The hotel bar was young, vibrant and hip. I do have to admit I spent some quality time in there Saturday night! The music was great, the drinks were flowing, and everyone was in great spirits! I can't say enough about this place! It was great, London is my favorite city by far, and I plan to return within the next two months!	
Mar 13 2009 	Incredible!!!! Go to this hotel!!!	I strongly recommend this hotel to those who can afford it. It's in a great location, the atmosphere is unbeatable, the service (reception, guest services, room service, etc) is HIGH QUALITY. The design of the room is top of the line, and the bathroom.... SO NICE!!!The only thing that I don't agree with this kind of hotels, is that when you pay $360 for one night, the Internet connection MUST be for free.Overall rating: 10/10!!!!	
Mar 8 2009 	London Shines at St. Martins Lane Hotel	St. Martins Lane Hotel must be very confident about its identify. The Hotel name does not appear on its modern structure. The confidence is well founded. A contemporary hotel in the modern style with excellent services, a great location, the cleanest rooms I have seen, and a spacious bathroom. My wife and I thoroughly enjoyed our stay. In the heart of Covent Garden and just up the Lane from Trafalgar Square, the relatively quiet street is centrally located close to the tube and wonderful restaurants. Lighting is used to great effect creating different moods and the sense that the sun is shining 24 hours a day -- quite a trick in London. Next trip to London will certainly bring us back to St. Martins Lane.	
Mar 4 2009 	Not worth your money	I stayed here with my husband and 6 month old daughter for a weekend and we were really disappointed, for what is meant to be a 4/5 star hotel we really did not get value for our money. We had to ask 4 times for a travel cot to be brought to our room even although we had informed them in advance we would require one when we had booked our stay. Our room was so small we had to put the cot behind the door to fit it in, obviously causing a fire hazard. Our room was not ready when we arrived so we left our bags and were told they would phone us when it was ready, we were never called and just returned in the evening. Also our 'City View' was of building work. Finally we were awoken in the late evening by the hotel staff trying to get into our room, they couldnt give us an explanation for this, just an apology.The hotel is nicely decorated and the staff were ok but neither were anything special. It's only saviour is the location which is fab, near to Covent Garden, the theatres and the underground amongst other things. Next time we visit London we'll be staying in a cheaper hotel and using the money saved to shop more!!	
Mar 2 2009 	A fantastic hotel with a superb restaurant	Stayed here for my birthday with my boyfriend...he organised dinner at the gorgrous Asia de Cuba and the staff could not have been more accomodating. The room had an amazing view from the sixth floor looking over London and great facilities. The rooms are perfectly formed, not the largest but have great querks and luxuries to make the stay fantatsic for a one night surprise. The restaurant was by far the highlight and you can get £100 off your food bill when staying the night. I could not recommend this place highly enough, to top it all, only a short walk to galleries or shopping...whatever takes your fancy on a sunday morning	
Feb 18 2009 	Had a good stay at this hip hotel at a superb location	St Martins lane is defnitely a 'funky' hotel - the first impression is definitely a strong one with the 'psychedelic lighting' enveloping you as you enter the lobby and then step into an elevator. The rooms are modern, clean and decently equipped. Loved the decor and the mood lighting behind the beds. Only thing I totally disliked was the lack of a kettle and tea/coffee bags in the room. I might be acting picky but I havent stayed in a hotel around the world which didnt have a kettle and tea for a morning cup. Also, everything is chargeable and there isnt a bottle of water too which is on the house. Otherwise, I had a lovely stay at this nice hotel in the heart of London. Also, the Asia De Cuba restaurant serves absolutely wonderful food!	
Feb 16 2009 	Great Location but.....	The location of this hotel can't be beat but you must like very modern decor. Our room was ridiculously tiny - we could have paid more for a slightly bigger room, but even that was far from spacious. I believe there may be larger rooms available.The size of the room did not bother me as much as the flimsy towels- I even had one with an actual hole in it! We booked this on Expedia and paid an average of 200 pounds per night. Although I realize this was a good rate, I think proper towels would be expected.The final thing that was a bit annoying was that this tiny room had a total of 8 cubby holes for your clothes (no drawers because the room wasn't big enough for a dresser.) The management decides to use one of the cubbies to put soaps, shampoo etc that are available for sale! Finally, they have a list of all the things you can purchase from the hotel such as the tiny clock that was in the room, a $30.00 laundry bag (plastic ones weren't provided) and last but not least the horrible towels!	
Feb 14 2009 	Lovely Hotel Great Location just darn expensive !!	Stayed at this lovely hotel on Feb 7th &amp; 8th - 6 of us in 3 rooms. £195+vat per room, including full english and/or continental breakfast.The Good (the bad)- clean, tidy, warm room. lovely en-suite (but no bath, just shower)- we were on 6th floor - nice open views (but the venetian blind between the glass panes couldn't be adjusted to look higher or lower)-hi fi, tv, dvd, ipod dock, &amp; room facilities were excellent. (wi-fi not free though)- efficient room heater (but no numerals on the display, so quite tricky to work out where to set it)-Asia de Cuba - pleasant restaurant for breakfast, - we ate out for dinner - and nice food, (but service a bit slow)-ajoining disco/bar funky and well staffed (but my God the drinks are pricey - SEVEN QUID for a single cointreau!!!)-reception &amp; door staff very helpful and friendly.- thoughtful too. There was a free bottle of wine in my daughter's room for her 21st, that they had picked up on.-wonderful location, barely 5 mins from Leics Square tube. (but could do with taking a hotel location map with you as several 'St Martin' streets nearby are a bit confusing at first)- Bungalow 8 night club is below this hotel, with access via the lobby, and hotel guests can go in for free from 6 up till 10pm. (but no one else is in at that time !!)-ability to use adjoining gymn facilities (but no pool). We didn't as it happens.overall - a lovely hotel in a great location, its just so darn expensive. But we will be back!!	
Jan 27 2009 	Great Place for the Tragically Hip	This place is a caricature of what a cool hotel should be. From the golden molar chairs in the lobby to the highly touted &quot;mood lighting&quot; in the headboards and the continuous video loop of swimming goldfish in the elevators, one would be hard-pressed to find a place that lives on its undeserved hipster reputation more than this place. The crowd ranges from people that wish-to-be-seen to 55 year old businessmen pulling their wheelie bags through the lobby thinking that their presence in hotel gives them some credibility with people 25 years their junior. Seriously. The rooms are the size of a postage stamp, and the furniture is Ikea quality. If you want to mix it up amongst this crowd, you deserve this place. On a positive note, the location is great, and the doormen are very polite and friendly.	
Jan 27 2009 	Cool funky hotel	The hotel is really quite different from most hotels one has stayed in. The colours, the interiors, the staff, all come together to position it as a hip, funky place to stay! The lobby has some really unique and unconventional pieces of furniture, and along with the lemon green lighting, almost makes it seem like a lounge bar that one is entering rather than a hotel! The bar on the ground floor is very happening in the evenings and closes to become a huge fish bowl during the day. The restaurant, Asia de Cuba, features some excellent carribean cuisine. Book early (even in these recessionary times) if you do not want to wait!The passage to the rooms are in deep blue and orange and the room numbers are not on the door but on the carpeting in front of the room. Inside the lemon green shades return in the form of the walls making it a complete visual experience. Good beds, excellent . The only crib I have is that they ought to have a kettle in the room as a hot cup of tea on a cold London morning would have made this a totally excellent stay!	
Jan 26 2009 	location	I stayed at this property throughout 2008 an wanted to drop a few lines.The location is all about this hotle. It is in West End and is close to everything.Service is OK and the breakfast is fine. The real deal is the restaurant Asia De Cuba which should be experienced.The rooms are very minimal and could be irritating.I would return only if I can get a good rate.	
Jan 23 2009 	Walking distance to the Theater District	Stayed here and at their sister property, the Sanderson in 2006, suites for both. Very modern, lots of glass and minimalist lines used. Floor to ceiling windows, welcome bouquets and evening munchies. Yada, yada.Walking distance to the Theater District, which was very helpful. We had so much fun in London, I can't wait to go back!Yes, I supposed it's all for the bragging rights. I've certainly stayed at much better hotels, but this is just for the London experience of it all.	
Jan 22 2009 	Style over substance	Great location and very stylish but the rooms aren't that big, there's not much in them and bed was very soft and uncomfortable - my back hasn't been the same since! There are no tea/coffee making facilities in the room, the mirror is miles from the plug and the shower flooded the bathroom. Also the rooms are quite small and the much vaunted 'floor to ceiling windows aren't at all impressive.We paid £37 for two very small and ordinary cocktails in the (admittedly very chic) bar and breafast was £25 per person for a filled roll and a hot drink.	
Jan 21 2009 	Minimalist Comfort	Location is the key here, 2 mins. walk to the nearest tube which gets you everywhere in London you want to go. We took the Underground Piccadily line from Heathrow -the most economical and easiest way if you don't have much luggage. It will cost you 4 pounds and 45 minutes. Our friends took a cab, it costs 80 pounds and 80 mins.! I always prefer a minimalist approach and the hotel decor appeals to me. Simple and clean and no clutter. My only complain- the aluminum steel chairs in the study desk is much too cold to sit on!If and when you stay at this property-get the breakfast and internet package. Bring your IPOD, they have a music dock in the room. I've stayed at the Clift in San Francisco and the Royalton in NY, these Morgan Hotel properties tend to attract a young and hip clientele.	
Jan 13 2009 	Great Bathroom	Our room was very expensive, but worth it for a special occasion.There are huge floor to ceiling windows and the room is decorated in a very modern and bright way with nice white furnishings. The bed was large and very comfortable with mood lighting above the bed.The bathroom was by far the selling point. A huge bath (big enough for two!) with plenty of bubbles provided. Also has a big separate shower cubical, all very nicely designed and laid out.The location is great too, right near leicester sq, covent garden and most west end theatres.The breakfast looked delicious, unfortunately I just couldn't justify £25 each for it. Which in hindsight may have been a mistake as early Sunday morning we struggled to find anywhere else to eat!! Oh and as you would expect drinks from the minibar are very expensive - £4 for a 0.5l bottle of still water and £5 for an even smaller bottle of OJ.Overall a very nice stay.	
Jan 5 2009 	Not very service oriented	This hotel has solid modern design (although I guess its not that modern anymore) with a decent location and its clean (although the wall to wall carpeting is not the best for cleanliness)However, it seems that they are trying to make money from every single thing they can. Its an expensive hotel and I would assume that they would be happy with the customers paying that much money. For example, I went to a club nearby and the doorman suggested we take a hotel cab which cost us 18 pounds even though the regular cab would cost 5 (and I asked about the distance and was assured it was far and the price was OK). Overall, there is a snobbish feel to this hotel. Its interesting to see the design elements if you are into that. although you can go to the bar and have a drink or lunch before going to the theater.	
Jan 5 2009 	not that good	Been there after new year's eve. Very good location as far as theaters are concerned and very central.The room was stylish, though it was small. We asked them to make a reservation to a club, they sent us to an other club that is not worth talking about.Breakfast costs 25 pounds, extremely expensive for this crisis' period.We asked for a taxi, they suggested their own hotel car that cost 3 times the taxi price and they cheated us by telling that the place we wanted to go was 15 minutes away.( the place was 5 blocks away) It doesn't worth the money, enough with the hotels that appear to be 5 star and they are 3 star hotels. If you want to be a five star hotel, then respect your customers.	
Dec 29 2008 	Can't imagine a better place to stay in London...Simply Great!	Spent Christmas week here with my wife and 16yo daughter and had an amazing time. They upgraded us to a deluxe room, just because they could not give us an early check-in. Staff was very pleasant and helpful (ask for Greg). They made some nice dining suggestions and got us great seats for Billy Elliot which by the way was great as well. The rooms were very clean, modern and the complimentary turndown service which also included a quick clean up was a nice touch. The restaurant in the hotel was excellent, a Cuban fusion with portions for two and some amazing deserts. But this hotel is all about the location. Its right on top of Trafalgar Square which is just a few minutes walk from everywhere (Piccadilly, Covent Gardens, Oxford, Leicester, Whitehall, etc). Can not recommend this place enough.	
Dec 26 2008 	Trendy hotel great location	This is a hotel very much in the minimalist / trendy category, with a popular bar and &quot;white cube&quot; rooms with floor to ceiling glass. My girlfriend and I booked one of the cheaper rooms but we still had a nice view out onto the street, a huge bathroom with a large tub, and a reasonable size bedroom (especially for London!). The location is excellent - very close to Trafalgar Square (for the National Gallery and National Portrait Gallery) and surrounded by theatres and Covent Garden restaurants. Highly recommended - a designer hotel that really works (unlike some others - including New York's Hudson which is even the same hotel group)..	
Dec 19 2008 	Has to be the best hotel in London	Awesome hotel. I stay here at least once a month for business (so in total around 15 or so stays over the last year). Located immediately behind Leceister Square Station and about a minute from Trafalgar Square so perfect for tourists. 5 mins walking distance to Picaddilly Circ, Convent Garden/theatreland. Buckingham Palace is about 10 mins walk.It is designed in a very boutique small scale hotel way, but it doesnt behave like one where it counts. There is a business centre, wireless internet, breakfasts downstairs are awesome (although pricey at about 24 pounds so get it included in room rate if able). A lot of the rooms have great views of either some of the old surrounding theatre buildings or the gerkhin/london eye. They have an affiliation with the gymbox next door which is a state of the art gym with classes included - or they have a smaller gym within the hotel. Very good room service menu with super fast service and well priced (compared to london prices generally). Staff are always friendly and happy to assist wherever possible. The showers are fantastic and beds comfortable.The hotel is very well maintained (ie painting/carpet being steam cleaned) so unlike some other hotels isn't modern but trashed. The rooms are well sized compared with typical london hotel room sizes. The deluxe rooms are very comfortable for 2 travellers with loads of luggage and standard rooms are also quite good in size when compared to other mid city hotels.I would recommend this hotel highly to any business travellers and definately to tourists as it is smack bang in the heart of everything that is going on in London. Having tried a number of other hotels in the local area, prior to finding St Martins Lane, I would never stay anywhere else.	
Dec 16 2008 	Very enjoyable stay	My friend and I were heading to London to see &quot;Wicked&quot; and my travel Agent pal, who owed me a favour, kindly booked us into St Martins Lane Hotel (Courtesy of his company) for the night.On first entering the hotel you cannot help but notice the very unusual seats and chairs scattered around the reception area. Although most look like they are for visual effect rather than comfort they certainly fit the overall design of the hotel and provide a good talking point. The hotel staff were great from start to finish. Very pleasant check-in staff and porters. We were immediately given the key to our room and our bags followed close behind. We had a lovely twin room with pure white furnishings and coloured mood lights. The room was not exactly spacious but large enough for our short stay and the bathroom was a very good size. The room had a safe and mini-bar, flat screen tv and ipod speakers. We even had a choice of umbrellas hanging in the wardrobe. There was a hairdryer but, as with most hotels, this was pretty useless so I was glad I had brought my own.The bathroom had lots of large bath towels and the ones we used early in the evening were replaced later that night while we were out.The hotel does not have a bar that is open during the day. We wanted to order a cocktail at 4pm and had to sit in the restaurant to drink it.When we came back from the theatre we headed into the &quot;Light Bar&quot; for a few drinks. This proved to be a very costly experience as 2 Gin and Tonics was approx £28 !!! We didn't know London that well or we would have set off to another bar.When we got back to our room someone had lit a scented candle in the bathroom - lovely touch, and turned down the beds. During the weekend the hotel will serve breakfast until noon which I thought was a great benefit to anyone wanting a relaxing morning.We headed for breakfast at 10.30am as we wanted to squeeze in some shopping before going home. The breakfast was really good although I'm glad it was included in our stay as a cooked breakfast was approx £27 per person.Our breakfast waiter was superb. I didn't catch his name but what a lovely guy!Check-out was effortless and the hotel staff took care of our bags while we wandered off to Covent Garden (5 mins walk). When we came back the hotel staff arranged for a taxi to take us to the airport.All-in-all we had a lovely time. I am very glad I was not paying the bill at the end of our stay as it was a very expensive hotel but as it was complimentary I was extremely happy!	
Nov 25 2008 	It's much better than we expected!	After reading the reviews we were a little bit concerned but we loved it! Very nice location, very helpfull people, clean room, large room, overall: we would recommend this hotel for &quot;young&quot; couples! We also were in Miami in the Delano hotel and the Shore Club (Morgans group) but I hated those hotels, St Martins lane is 100 times better! It's no place to go if you have children I suppose. But if you like trendy hotels: just go!	
Nov 23 2008 	St Martins Lane Bliss	I stayed one night in the St Martin's Lane hotel while in London and absolutely loved it.I was concerned about it somewhat having read the reviews here, particularly about the small rooms, but my first floor twin-room was ample sized and very well equipped. The bed was so comfortable and the pillows to die for.The only area I can lay any fault was to do with the exclusive guests/ members only &quot;Light Bar&quot; which I found a bit overrated to be honest. The staff were rather disinterested and I didn't like the fact that they put an automatic 15% discretionary service charge on all your drinks - even if you get them yourself from the bar! I scored this off my receipt and amended the total just as a matter of principle, but they didn't change the amount they put on my bill and put the full amount on there. Nevertheless, reception amended it without any fuss at all in the morning and it was sorted out nicely.All in all, gorgeous. I can't wait to return. I loved it.	
Oct 28 2008 	Good but ergonomically challenged	I stayed at the St. Martin's for a personal holiday with my husband. It was the second hotel we stayed in London, and one of many Morgans Hotels we have stayed in. The location is superb - just close to so many amazing shops, restaurants, tourist destinations, tube stops - location is the best thing about the hotel.Staff is polite and amenable but I wouldn't say their hospitality was superb. The biggest issue I had is with how the room was laid out. It was impossible to manuever in the room, and everything got in the way of everything else. For example, there is no plug in the bathroom for a hairdryer. Fine, this is not necessarily unusual in other hotels i've been to in London, but the only other available plug was either in the entryway, which was close to nothing but the floor, or behind the tv, which was somewhat near the floor length mirror. so, every day, i had to crawl on my hands and knees , manuever the tv out of the way to plug in a hair-dryer, sit on the floor and dry my hair. I thought I gave that stuff up when i left college.Another design issue is that, yes there is a work desk, but it requires being a size 2 to sit in it, because it's wedged so close to the window. There was no place to put luggage except under the bed, and my suitcase didn't fit, so it had to sit next to the bed. There were 4 hangars, and 2 small shelves to fit two people's clothes. The showerhead angled out and the shower door swung in, so, when you turned the shower on, you had to reach into the shower to close the door, and due to the angle of the showerhead, spray yourself with barely warm water as you shut the door. There was also very, very, very limited private bathroom space, if you get my drift. this is not a room for people who have never lived together or spent time traveling together.that all said, the location made up for the poor design - i just expect more from morgan hotels.	
Oct 21 2008	fun and lively	Stayed in St martins lane for my 17th with a few girlfriends. The hotel is trendy and fun, it really feels like it never sleeps. We stayed at the weekend so the bar was full and funky music was being played in the lobby which I loved. Location is perfect, right in the heart of London. The only criticism I have is the ridulously small and old fashioned televisions they have the rooms. the black box doesn't quite go with the rest of the interior, it's lucky we didn't watch much tv. This hotel was great but I have to say I prefer there other hotel, the Sanderson. So if you're thinking of staying at St martins also check out the Sanderson!	
Oct 6 2008 	As Close To Perfect As Possible In London	Outstanding hotel in every way! Was in London recently for 100% Design and couldn't get in to my usual places and found the St Martin's Lane on the Morgan website - and I am so glad I did! Seriously one of the most comfortable, cleanly designed, friendly, and convenient hotels in all of London. Class act all the way. The best part of the hotel is definitely the fact that it's in the middle of Covent Garden so you can walk to Wagamama for lunch, grab the tube, even walk up Regent to Oxford St for shopping. The pleasant staff - not one was off their game during my entire stay - and the great Asia de Cuba (a little pricey) make this my absolutely favorite hotel in Europe. I highly recommend!	
Sep 27 2008 	Lovely Hotel small rooms good value if can get a deal	I have stayed here a couple of times on business. The rooms are phenomenally small and some do have terrible 1980's portable TVs (somewhat contradictory to the rest of the room's appearance). However, the desk staff are alway wonderfully pleasant. Booking through my corporate travel agent the rates have been quite good (cheaper than the over-priced Hilton Trafalgar) and the location is excellent. Stay away from the mini bar - 3 pounds for M&amp;Ms and don't expect to be able to make a cup of tea in your room as there are no facilities (my biggest annoyance). The rooms and very clean and beds are very comfortable	
Sep 17 2008 	Weak Service and a bit soulless	I stayed here for a week together with some friends for a week around my 40th birthday.My main observations are that despite me making the booking for all guests via Amex Centurian [Black card] I was treated worse than the others in that I was given an incredibly small [though well designed] room. I only found out about this at the end when I saw my Americans friend room which was Much Larger! and which I was paying for. Service was poor considering it is a high end place.	
Aug 24 2008 	A very special place	I have just returned from a night there and I don't know where to begin - everything was wonderful from the moment we checked in to the second we left everyone seemed to go out of their way to be pleasant and helpful towards us. It was my birthday and I got cocktails on the house which was very nice of them. The rooms aren't massive but very well designed and a great shower. I loved the mood lighting. Breakfast was gorgeous and worth staying there for that alone. Could have done with some comp water in the room.	
Aug 14 2008 	***** 5 Stars *****	I have stayed at St Martins Lane a couple times, and I have to stayed at other London hotels; but the staff and service at St Martins Lane Hotel were second to none (particular mention is Daryl at the Front Desk). I was lucky enough to stay in a room with a one of the new TV’s (the previous ones were quite “historic”.) It has a great location and is brilliant for the west end show we went to watch in the heart of Soho! Overall, 5 Stars, would highly recommend the hotel.	
Jun 23 2008 	Fun boutique hotel	We had a great stay at St. Martin's Lane. The hotel is very modern and minimal. If you are familiar with Philadelphia restaurants, the hotel will remind you of Pod. The rooms are white and have mood lighting like this restaurant. The location of the hotel is excellent. It is near Leicester Square Tube station and Trafalgar Square (about 1 minute walk away from each) . It is also close to a lot of London Theatres.The front desk was effecient and the concierge was helpful. Our room was available early in the morning which was helpful after we had an overnight flight.The hotel has a lively weekend night scene. There are two bars and a popular restaurant. Despite the people, it was quiet in our room.St. Martin's is also attached to a great gym called Gym Box. Hotel customers are allowed to work out there for free. The gym is modern and has new, state of the art machines. There are also a variety of classes that one can take.Overall, we had a very positive experience at St. Martin's Lane. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jun 22 2008 	Very Modern - Loved it	I stayed at this hotel as a 2-night personal add-on to a business trip to London. Unfortunately my flight was very delayed and I missed the first night.The outside of the building is not that impressive, but inside feels/looks more like some MOMA than a hotel. Check-in was quick, the concierge and desk staff were all very helpful answering my many questions. There was free gym pass to the full service &quot;gym box&quot; for the stay, but I was too tired to go. The halls and elevators are barely lit with indirect, colored lighting. The elevators have small TVs playing stylized loops (old movie extracts). Rooms are not large, but all white, with modern accoutrements and indirect colored lighting if you want. My room had no real view. Bathroom is a glass and limestone (I think!) combination with modern fixtures (Great water pressure!). Flushing the toilet was interesting, you need to tap a metal fixture on the wall (not wave, press, touch, it only worked with a hard tap). I also ate dinner at the restaurant, which was packed at 11PM. The portions were large and clearly tailored to non-single guests so they could share. Still it was good. The music was quite loud. While I really enjoyed this place for a visit, (and I think I would return) I am certain I would not want to work in the room on my laptop due to the small desk provided.	
Jun 21 2008 	Felt totally ripped off	The website for this hotel made it look chic and amazing, and the rooms looked like something else. We were very disappointed. The rooms were tiny and absolutely average. We stayed one night, had breakfast the next morning and a couple of drinks in the bar and the bill came to close to GBP500.00, which is way too much. We normally stay at the Hilton Park Lane and we will definitely being going back there.	
Jun 9 2008 	Loved this place!	I booked this hotel for my boyfriend's birthday weekend and we both absolutely loved it. It's a very 'cool' hotel inside, decor etc but the staff were great. Reception was buzzing, the staff were very friendly, not snooty at all and very helpful about local places to eat. The food in Asia de Cuba was stunning although shockingly expensive and the bar next door did great cocktails. My only complaint would be with the size of the room we had. We booked the cheapest/standard double room which consisted of a double bed and about a metre of space around it to walk, besides the bathroom and the entrance. However, we loved it so much that we would definitely recommend it but if you like your space go for one of the larger more expensive rooms.	
May 27 2008 	Pretentious Staff who are not correctly trained	The location and building are fine the staff are simply so self important and pretentious they are a joke.Someone really needs to take them all down a peg or two. Its not as if the hotel is really top of the range, there are better ones in London.	
May 23 2008 	Cool Hotel but is not worth the price unless...	Ok, the hall is really cool, the cocktail bar and the restaurant are really stylish but the point is that my room was not worth the price. Everything was fine and the bathroom was huge but I wanted something more for that high price.An example: the TV was really tiny and there wasn't a mirror in front of our desk (you know, make up things for women).This hotel is all about style and design, but there is an unexplainable lack of things and comforts that are standard even in lower class hotels.	
May 18 2008 	Quite good with a great location	Quite nice design hotel close to Trafalgar Square. Service, rooms, food and so on were great. The only problem was to actually find the hotel. For some reason there is no sign outside of the hotel so I had to call them to actually find the hotel.	
May 9 2008 	Colourful...	This was the first time I stayed at the hotel, though I had dined at their Asia de Cuba restaurant about 8 years ago.I remember at the time I was very impressed with the design of the lobby and the restaurant, showing the Philip Starck touch. Entering the hotel now I could see that very little had changed since. It is still very similar if not exactly the same as it was 8 years ago. Staff at the reception were EXTREMELY polite and very helpful all around. Going up to the room I must say that though artistic I found the lifts a bit on the claustrophobic side...The room was bright as it basically has glass external walls and the views of the area were magnificent. I must say that it was a bit on the small side but as I was there for business I didn't really mind. I checked the whole colour changing light thing behind the bed and all the gimmicks in the room which momentarily amused me...I must also stress that the room was spotlessly clean, probably the most important factor for me.On the down side I found the mini-bar VERY expensive (4-5 pounds for a chocolate bar) and the TV extremely small for a supposedly high tech hotel. Breakfast was satisfactory but I wasn't impressed. In addition seeing the Asia di Cuba restaurant in day light, somehow destroyed the image I had in my mind of the place...All in all my general feeling was that the hotel, though it had no major problems, felt a bit neglected. It used to be an avant garde hotel and the stress now goes to &quot;used to be&quot;. It does feel a bit dated and not so fresh anymore... Saying that I cannot stress enough the politeness and helpfulness of the staff.	
May 2 2008 	Tool cool to serve prices too hot	I had extremely high expections from our stay especially as we were treating my parents to a stay in the hotel as well as a trip to the theatre.Initially service was excellent and attentive. The hotel is very minimalist and 'sophisticated' but most of the effort has gone into the public areas as the bedrooms were sterile and cramped - painting everything white isn't enough to be 'cool'. The interactive lighting enabling you to 'light your mood' is a joke. it feels like there is simply a different coloured light bulb behind the bedhead - hardly mood enhancing. But hey this is central London. Both of our rooms were so small you will be forgiven for not having cool Philippe Starck furniture.Service in the bar / restaurant was appaulingly bad. We simply wanted to have coffees before venturing out but it took ages to get anyone's attention and then were charged something like £5 a coffee. Rip off. And not even a smile.Breakfast in the morning was the next rip off. It was included in our room rate but my mother did not want a full breakfast, but simply some scrambled eggs. Even though this was cheaper off the a la carte menu than a full breakfast, we were told we would have to pay - so about £30 for eggs. The rest of the breakfast was over cooked, cold and just plainly not good enough.The final straw was that apparently my father took the 'urban beats' CD from their room. This is my father who would prefer to listen to a brass band. This was charged to me after we left and i was notified by a letter of this. I did check with my dad just in case he picked this up by mistake, which I doubted he had as they had commented that they daren't touch anything in the room as everything was charged extra!So this was clearly a mistake by the hotel so simply called them to sort it out. 5 calls later, even leaving messages for the manager, head of house keeping etc, no one could be bothered to call me back. Having spent over £800 for one night and two rooms, coffee, breakfast etc, a call back would have been appreciated. But, hey, they already have my money so why do they care?Next time I will stay in my tried and trusted hotels like the Covent Garden Hotel or One Aldwych. There they understand value and service.SML - the abbreviations on their merchandise clearly stands for Small service, but should be replaced with XXL prices!Jake - Leamington Spa	
May 1 2008	A London Favorite	I used to stay at the St Martins Lane regularly when visiting London. I recently did so again after a couple of year's absence. It remains a London favorite for me.The hotel has not changed much in the past couple of years. It still has that funky Ian Schraeger vibe - techno coming from the lobby bar, colorful lighting and artistic video in the elevator, a staff dressed entirely in black. Staff is friendly and helpful. Standard rooms are small, but comfortable. Only downside is that the workspace is really inefficient (small desk that you need to move in order to sit), but wi-fi helps some. The bar is great, but overpriced. The restaurant is Asia de Cuba, which is good but also expensive. They serve breakfast, but I prefer to go to the Starbucks across the street.The biggest change between my visits is the free membership to Gym Box, the gym right next door to the hotel. It's a great gym - big, lots off cardio machines and plenty of workout space, and has the same vibe as the hotel. Great way to start the day.Location wise you can't beat St Martins Lane. Close to the West End, easy access to the tube, good eating and pubs within a 5 minute walk.I expect to be spending more time in London in the coming months, and will be back to St Martins Lane.	
Apr 27 2008 	Great location but pricey	I arrived prior to check-in time and despite calling to request early check-in (which they said they may or may not be able to accommodate, understandably), my room wasn’t available. I was able to upgrade for an additional fee, though. My upgrade was from a superior to a garden room. It was nice and spacious enough for me, though one odd thing about the setup was the way the desk was positioned in front of the window. The chair was crammed between the window (floor-to-ceiling) and the desk, and you’d essentially have to climb into the windowsill to squeeze into the chair. I also found it funny that while the room had unusual yet interesting things like an “interactive light installation,” whereby you could choose the lighting color of your room, some of the amenities that I’d consider standard were sub-par. The TV was very dated and very tiny; it didn’t at all fit the modern look and feel of the room. There was also merchandise for sale, and I’m not talking about regular mini-bar items. There was everything from skin care and an “intimacy kit,” to a t-shirt and hat, to an umbrella and adaptor. Everything was outrageously priced and I found it to be really tacky. I became disappointed with my “upgrade” after realizing that my room was right above the restaurant and night club. There seemed to be some private event that went on well after 2 a.m. on the Monday night that I was there, and I had the pleasure of hearing it all. If you’re looking for a quiet room, avoid 112.Despite the above, there were things about my stay that I enjoyed, like the tremendously comfortable bed. The bathroom was also nice – clean and tastefully-designed. The fitness center was basic but sufficient. It may seem small but I never ran into another guest using it during the week of my stay. If you’re looking for a more robust facility, the hotel offers passes to Gymbox right next door. The staff was very attentive. I had to call for an iron/ironing board, as well as a hair dryer (the one in my room was broken), and they were extremely fast. Room service was, as well, though the food was just okay. I’d recommend opting for it only if you’re truly too exhausted to leave your room, as it’s very expensive for what you get.All in all, my stay was fine and the location couldn’t be beat.	
Apr 23 2008 	Let down by poor service	With regards to the hotel itself, the decor is amazing. Very modern. (Rooms very cold though!).However, the same cannot be said for the staff. On checking in, we were ignored by the reception staff even though they saw us waiting and seemed not to be busy with anything else. We were standing at the desk for quite a while before we were served. Reception staff were rather cold and unfriendly. The same applied to the restaurant. Whilst waiting to be seated we were ignored three times by the staff. Usually staff in other restaurants would say &quot;I'll be with you in a moment&quot; but we were not even acknowledged. They simply brushed past us as if we were in the way. When we were seated, the waitress managed to take our order without smiling or any eye contact whatsoever. The service was also very slow. My boyfriend and I both work in the customer service industry and know how customers should be treated, and this definitely wasn't it. Check out was much the same as check in; payment was asked for and that was it. Nobody asked how our stay was, or if we needed a taxi etc. I feel that the hotel is relying too much on the aesthetics of the place to attract custom, whilst overlooking the way that the staff treat their customers. Had it not have been for the way we were treated, we would have gone back.	
Apr 2 2008 	Memorable stay	I stayed here for one night with my husband and two teenage children. We were immediately struck by the decor, its very modern and artistic and we have never stayed anywhere that looked like this before. As we went up to our room in the lift there were little tv's showing arty short films, and the lights change to purple when the lifts move. We found this really entertaining, although I imagine you are supposed to be very serious about it all, it made us smile.The room was very clean and modern, the beds were lovely, and the lighting was again very interesting and entertaining, as was the furniture. The bathroom was very nice, but my daughter was really not into the idea of not having a door on the bathroom. I wonder why they have done this? Perhaps modern and arty people shun doors or something. Anyway, we didnt really mind that much but I admit it sometimes can be a bit embarrassing for different reasons. We agree that it was odd that the tv was very old looking for the room, but no matter.The restaurant was really different and we enjoyed our meal immensely. The decor, music and staff all very good.The breakfast in the morning was good.The location of this hotel was great, we could easily wander over to Covent Garden and the shops nearby were brilliant - small, interesting, many independent. Very interesting people walking about (bumped into Sienna Miller and Rhys Ifans(?) - great area for people watching.We went to see Lord of the Rings in the evening - out of this world but question whether people would get lost if they didnt know the story before they went.We would definitely come here again.	
Mar 31 2008 	HIp Hip Hip	St. Martin's Lane is quite a place!Everything about this hotel is highly stylized and epitomizes the &quot;boutique&quot; experience. The design of everything is sleek , modern and with more than a few whimsical touches (including gnome statues and the fore-mentioned &quot;mood lighting&quot; control.If you're staying at a place like this, then the following probably matters: the crowd was stylish and boisterous making for quite a lobby, bar and restaurant (the fusion of Asia de Cuba so obvious in its name!) scene. Like everything in London this place is VERY expensive and one would expect a few more little touches: a flat screen TV and an iPod doc for starters.My room was always very clean and the bed was super comfortable.The staff know they're &quot;trendsetters&quot; but they were always polite friendly and obliging.	
Mar 29 2008	Chic Hotel Great Service and Location	Very trendy hotel in a perfect location. Great service by all the staff. One slight problem is I requested 2 beds and there was no room available, but still all in all a great place. 4 Stars well deserved.	
Mar 26 2008 	Of the moment (5 years ago)	We were let down every step of the way. Booked largest room available. Room not ready at 1600 hours. Tried to fob us off - we waited. Bathroom taps squirted water round the bathroom. Air-con broken. Bed had seen better days - end up in middle of mattress. TV so dated. Breakfast absolutely dreadful and stone cold. Staff attitude was unapologetic - excuses instead of genuine concern.This hotel was great 5 years ago. It is now dated and the staff, although well trained, cannot deliver.	
Mar 18 2008 	great location hip hotel but expensive for what it is	Husband booked this hotel with theatre package to see joseph, which is brilliant by the way if you haven't seen it go.Paid £350 for 1 night including theatre ticketsHotel is very close to covent garden and the strand so easy to go sight seeing, a 10 minute cab ride from waterloo station which costs around £7.00The hotel is very modern all mdf and white walls with gold tooth design chairs, check staff very nice got upgraded to a garden room,The garden room has a small patio garden with table and chairs if you want to sit outside.very clean room average size nice large bathroom with luxury fittings, tv and dvd player and mini bar, hairdryer bathrobes, travel plug and even umbrellas.There are no tea and coffee facilites in the room so we ordered a pot of tea for 2 when we arrived £17.00! daylight robbery for a cup of tea.I would recommend this hotel for location we didnt use the bar or resturant , or the gym which is free for guests to usebit overpriced for what it is but very nice.	
Feb 8 2008 	Great Hotel Experience	Just finished a 3 day stay at the St. Martins Lane Hotel. Was a bit nervous given the mix of reviews, and a bit nervous on the first day when I arrived and found that my reservations had been mixed up. However, after this minor glitch was resolved by the hotel (and I was upgraded), I can say that I thoroughly enjoyed my stay and would/will stay at the hotel again. I am a frequent business and leisure traveler and found the hotel to have everything that I look for when I am traveling. The hotel and rooms themselves are well decorated (if you like minimalist decor, which I do), bright, and spacious for a London/European hotel in similar price range. Bed/pillows were comfortable. Location was great for both a leisure (could walk everywhere) and business (just a few tube stops to eurostar and office) visit. I didn't try the in-hotel gym, but instead used the free access to Gymbox next door (this is what is shown on the hotel's website, not the in-house gym), which was just fantastic. The staff were accomodating and friendy. However, I would say that depending on one's perspective, the laid-backness of the front-desk staff (both dress and demeanor) might be off-putting (say to certain types of business or older travelers) or welcoming (say to singles, young couples, younger business traveler, etc.). I had the impression that I was staying at a hip, high-end hostel designed for the young, international, frequent traveler that was being run by others of the same likeness. On the costs: If you want internet and breakfast - book a room package with these services because it is considerably more expensive to pay for these individually. Had breakfast delivered - always on time and food was fresh, plentiful, and tasty. There are no hidden charges on the bathroom products, as some have suggested, but there are &quot;extras&quot; spread throughout the rooms that cost extra (normal) - So, if you want to unwrap the baseball cap and wear it around town, it will cost you. Suggest staying in at least a Deluxe Room (for both space and brightness). If what attracts you to the St. Martin's is the brightness of the rooms/floor to ceiling windows, do not go with a Garden Room, or if you do, go with a Queen Garden (rather than King) which has both the garden and an outward facing window, although it is a bit smaller. Note that there are no outlets in the bathrooms (I was told this was required by UK law) or near the mirrors in the bedroom, so you will need to bring or ask for an extension cord. Would definitely return to the St. Martins.	
Feb 7 2008 	What a fabulous hotel!	St Martins is a sleek &quot;Morgan Group&quot; hotel. The interior is contemporary, but not missing any of the comforts that sometimes get sacrificed for fashion. I loved the comfortable bed complete with plump feather duvet. The bathroom was limestone lined, luxurious but not sterile. Fluffy bathrobes were part of the package.I didn't dine at Asia De Cuba, but perhaps next time!The staff were soooo friendly. The only negative was that the wireless signal in my room (431) wasn't useable.	
Feb 6 2008	Very nice but a little too hip and funky for me...	Great location and very comfortable, but be prepared for a stark, minimalist experience.Staff were extremely courteous and helpful. However, wifi is 15 pounds/day...	
Feb 4 2008 	St Martins Lane Hotel - stayed at better	I have just come back from a stay at this Hotel. A theatre package was booked by a friend for a group of 7.It was centrally located for the Theatre District, only a 10 minute walk to the theatre.The service I found to be very poor. I arrived at around 1200hrs and told rooms not ready until 1400hrs (which we did know about). I later came back to hotel at 1600hrs and my room had not even been prepared. I was upgraded to a Garden Room at no extra cost (I'd already paid more money than the rest of the group as I was having a room on my own).The room was very clean, not very big and had a weird layout. The windows had blinds which you couldn't close. Curtains very hard to close as the windows were floor to ceiling. The TV was a small portable and only had a handful of channels. The bed was comfortable. 2 bulbs in lights had blown and not replaced. Complimentary toiletries.The restaurant food was OK.....not much choice on the pre-dinner theatre package menu and the menus were set and given in boxes. Chef would not accomadate any changes.....I did try and got what I hadn't ordered. The service again was poor and we had to go back to the hotel later that evening to have our dessert as it came out too late and we had to leave for the theatre.I had room service breakfast. Not worth the money and I was overcharged for that too. Nice little cafe around the corner for breakfast and was reasonably priced too.Overall not a hotel I would have picked or will choose again. I have had better stays at the nearby Strand Palace Hotel and Trafalagar Square Hotel.*******The 1st floor at this hotel is a designated SMOKING FLOOR so some rooms stink of smoke.....but the staff will gladly come and 'spray' the smell away********* I would recommend a higher floor. Also the noise from the bar area can be heard on the 1st floor.	
Feb 3 2008 	You can't make it up	Spent 2 nights at this hotel at £450 per night. We arrived to be greeted by friendly reception staff who then checked us into a room, that judging by the shopping bags lying around and the un-made bed, was clearly occupied. On returning hastily to the reception I was asked, “did you actually see anyone in the room” no said I, “its not occupied then” came the reply. To compensate for this potentially embarrassing faux pas they up graded us to a suite! A smoking suite! Which, when we found it (manager got a bit lost) was very nice, but it smelt like an old ashtray. We were given a bottle of champagne which was a nice gesture.Dinner at Asia de Cuba that evening was very good and passed without incident. Breakfast the next morning was good, even though it took 30 minutes to arrive and bared no resemblance to what was ordered. We went out for the day and came back to relax in the room, late afternoon, before going to the theatre, to find it had not been serviced, so we had to leave the room again while this was done.Breakfast was included in the rate which would usually set you back £20.00. However, on the 2nd morning my partner ordered pancakes and we were charged an extra £6 as they were not part of the full English our rate applied to. So £26 for 2 pancakes it was. I had smoked salmon and scrambled eggs was also not part of the full English but this was allowed. I have no idea why and after enquiring still don’t. At £450 a night service should be superb. These guys need to go to Asia or America to see how it’s done. Still, if you’ve never had proper service and you liked Faulty Towers you’re going to love it.	
Jan 23 2008 	St Martins Lane - Outstanding	I stayed at St. Martins Lane as a treat for the wife, and as we were going to a show 'next door' at the Coliseum. I have eaten at Asia de Cuba several times and always been blown away by the place. For the more 'trendy' the Light Bar is a fantastic place for early or late drinks. However I had never stayed at the hotel before, and having booked, I was a little concerned by so many negative reviews on this site. I even contacted the hotel after booking, just to express my concerns and also check if any refurbishments / alterations were taking place that could have disappointed people. I was astounded by the speed of a reply almost immediately from the Hotel Manager expressing her assurances we would have a pleasant stay, and that hotels are always frustrated when people pass negative comments without informing the hotel and giving them the chance to answer or rectify. Why did I worry? The experience from the moment I was politely greeted by the door staff and the delightful reception staff was truly outstanding. The hotel room was magnificent, large and light, and not at all noisy as other reviewers had commented. We requested a bath, which we were fortunate to get, and what a bath it was. Superbly comfortable, and huge! Similarly in an enormous bathroom with all the usual ammenities, and touches one would expect in such a hotel. The towels, for those that are interested in such things, were luxurious, and can be ranked up there with the bed-linens, which my wife described as beautiful and 'expensive'.In our room, we had lovely furnishings, massive bed, chaise-longues, georgeously trendy table, and an excellent mini bar / television cabinet, totally in keeping with the hotel's minimalistic style. I had already been informed that the room did not have a plasma screen TV, but that the rooms were all undergoing a major upgrade in this vein. The large old-style widescreen was perfectly adequate, if not the latest model. How much time did we spend watching?......about 30 minutes, so not an issue. As one reviewer commented, the mini-bar is on the 'toppy' side, but has anyone ever experienced a cheap one? It is there for last minute convenience, and if you can't be bothered to nip to one of the all-night stores nearby, and you are spending this sort of amount on a room, is it really an issue? I think not.Shabby carpets have also been mentioned.....what is wrong with people, the place was spotless and immaculate.We dined early in Asia de Cuba, where the staff were brilliant and courteous, and had an outstanding meal. I appreciate good food, and am fortunate to have eaten in some of the impressive places....this ranks up there with the best of them.Similarly we took breakfast in there, and had what could be described as one of the best breakfasts ever. Expensive to some people maybe, but think of where you are staying, and it really is a case of you get what you pay for..... £10 for a greasy plate of egg and bacon at a cafe in Leicester Square, or a continental and massive full English, with unlimited tea / coffee juices and food, all for an extremely reasonable £20 with truly efficient staff. I know which I would always opt for.In conclusion, a fantastic experience and we can not wait to get back. Congratulations to Hilary Cross and her staff for maintaining such a tremendously high standard of service in an extremely busy hotel.	
Jan 22 2008 	A silver experience for us!	We were a bit nervous about staying here as there had been some negative reviews. Have to say that the staff on the desk were courteous and efficient and we were delighted with the garden room. Shame it was raining but still lovely to have a bit of outdoors in the centre of london. Room was very white and minimal but still a great experience. Room service breakfast was on time and the staff member discreet and efficient. A great celebration of our silver wedding anniversary!	
Jan 20 2008 	Triumph of style over substance	This hotel is pretty awesome from the minute you walk in you know you are in something uber trendy, all sharp angles and colours and slick styling. However on the evidence of my stay I can only recommend this place if you are desperate to place fashion before anything else. If you have more money than sense and are too cool for school this is the place for you. To me it represents very poor value for money. I have also stayed at the Sanderson which you may know is part of the same group, The Sanderson is way way cooler, their rooms are amazing. Here the rooms are boxes. literally 12 feet across in the bedroom. the bathroom is not too bad a size though. The room is really no better than a box and everything is for sale at a silly price. I'm sure they must have bigger rooms as well, at least you would certainly hope so depends on how much you are prepared to pay I guessWe didnt even contemplate the restaurant, check out the Asia de Cuba restaurant on the website and check out the prices, its unreal.The Bar is called the light bar I think, clearly a play on words and should be called the dark bar. you have to hold your drinks menu up to the candles to see it. its just too too dark. The staff are gorgeous and very good but the prices are a joke. (We spent £60 plus in the bar having just 3 drinks each) Bank on a minimum of £10 each for anything other than a beer (£5.00) or a glass of wine (which is £7 and up) cocktails start at £13. The music is as loud as a night club, you cant hear anything over it. You might like to take a torch for the lifts as well, they are as dark as night inside and the buttons arent litthe staff are all very good looking and extremely nice and welcoming but for some reason the front desk women wear a matronly grey outfit, which I guess must be trendy but it just looks frumpy to me.As for the location its not quite ideal as although quite central and very near covent garden, its quite a reasonable walk to Soho, which is the best bit of central London for a night out drinks and dinner. Covent garden is hopeless unless you are going to a show. There are few cool bars, just a load of pubs full of tourists and pre and post theatre goers. We had to walk for ages to find a bar we liked the look of and wasnt heaving. We eventually settled on Christophers on Bow StCovent Garden is a nightmare unless you like falling over the usual throng of french and italian school kids. (did you know the term for a large group of continental school children is a cacophony), japanese and american tourists moving round at snails pace keeping the pickpockets in beer money. My advice to you is that if you are contemplating a stay in London and want to stay in a morgans group hotel because you are the trendy type, stay at the Sanderson, the location is better, the hotel is cooler and although hideously expensive (coffee and croissant for two is about £27.00) its a better experience. I dont work for th Sanderson by the way. I just think St Martins Lane is very poor value and there are literally dozens of much better hotels in London which wont charge you as much. BUt as I said before if you have wads of cash and value style over substance, this is a place for you. Our night out in London for two including dinner, (nowhere flash) drinks, taxis and train fare from 50 miles away was nearly £600. Be warned a night out in London is ruinous	
Jan 18 2008 	Sticker shock	I stayed at St. Martin's Lane during a business trip and was worried as I'd read the reviews here before I left. I figured that since the company was paying, I wouldn't feel like I was being taken to the cleaners.No so.St. Martin's Lane is the perfect example of a hotel that could be outstanding but which misses through several simple faults.All the staff were more than helpful, especially the doormen. Check-in was speedy. They give you your room key in this ridiculous little zip-lock baggie, along with guest services cards (2) that you need to access the restaurant or bar, which are normally for members only. If you stay here you'll see why this little baggie is so annoying. A normal key ring, or a key ring attached to the baggie in some way would be preferable to fishing out the stupid little key each time.My room was a fine size with a double bed, a small desk and a spacious bathroom with a great shower head and a toilet that flushed properly (not standard in London). The bed was extremely comfortable. For this, I cannot fault St. Martin's Lane.What you will find off-putting is that most of the things in the room are for sale, charged to your credit card if you use them. It's not only the mini-bar but there are also special candles, bath products, a laundry bag, etc.--all extortionately over-priced. It was to the point where one would be afraid to dirty the bathrobe (hung in the closet next to the other chargeable goods) lest you find its laundering on your next Visa statement.Another issue I had is with the pay-for wireless. I've stayed at dozens of hotels across Europe and the US and almost all of them had free internet access. St. Martin's Lane will make you pay 15 pounds per day for the privilege of using their WiFi signal. This is ridiculous. At over $500 a night, WiFi should be free. I'm sorry Mr. Schrager.There are many luxuries that I find included in cheaper boutique hotels which are overlooked at St. Martin's Lane. At Hotel 373 in New York I was pleased to find a flat screen tv, an iPod dock and fabulous Aveda products. At St. Martin's Lane you'll find none of that. One reviewer here complained about how much he'd been charged for a box of Pringles from the mini-bar. Can you imagine if the mini-bar were stocked with Pringles, soda and other cheap snacks for free (as at some smarter boutique hotels) how people would rave about the service here? A little more thought into these thoughtless little add-ons and some meaningful upgrades to media access in the rooms would take St. Martin's Lane to a new level.	
Jan 13 2008 	Fun hotel great location but not for everyone	Lets be clear art the outset. St. Martin’s Lane is a high concept, modern hotel with urban flair that will not appeal to everyone. If you don’t like modern design, small rooms, or high-concept urban experiences then you will probably not like St. Martin’s Lane. Or at least, you won’t be very forgiving of its particulars. There are plenty of equally expensive major label hotels in London for people who enjoy that kind of experience. If you’re a budget traveller then this place should not be on your list. But if you’re looking for something hip, off-beat, and a little unusual then St. Martin’s Lane is worth a visit.I have stayed here twice and found the staff to be professional, the rooms comfortable, and had all of my needs well served. There is also a decent gym. Not large but it does have tread mills, elliptical, circuit machines and weights. Its clean and well kept with water and towels for quests.Of course, another appeal of this property is the location. From St. Martin’s central London location you are in walking distance to Piccadilly Circus, Parliament, The London Eye, and Victoria Embankment on The Thames. If you don’t mind longer walks then Hyde Park and the West End are within reach. You are also close to a terrific and equally designer Indian restaurant called Mint Leaf just off Trafalgar Square on Suffolk street. I know there is an abundance of great Indian cuisine in London but Mint Leaf is special and worth the trip.	
Jan 5 2008 	OK (if you like being ripped off)	Stayed at SML for over a week last month and besides the location and grand lobby, nothing too impressive about the hotel and the rooms.Rooms are small and lack some basic things you'd expect - tiny, standard TV house in a cabinet, no proper wardrobe, etcThe most annoying thing is that the hotel is quite clearly out to take as much from the 'guests' as it can. From the extortionate prices for basic items in the rooms to breakfast and in room snacks - all of which is pretty uninspiring. A breakfast with some coffee and fruit and a plate of scrambled eggs with smoked salmon came in at a whopping USD 98.The cheery on the cake was a letter I received a month after staying noting that a small box of Pringles had been consumed and not noted by the housekeeping. The letter was sent to me on the other side of the World and claimed, for my convenience, that USD 10 would be taken from my credit card to settle the bill.My stay at the hotel came to around USD 4,000 and they chased me for a small box of Pringles! Priceless!That's probably the most I've evr paid for a packet and that USD 10 is probably the last that St Martins will ever get from me!	
Jan 2 2008 	Trendy hotel albeit a bit snobby	I checked into the St Martins Lane hotel from 5-9th December. Having just gotten off a long haul flight from New York, I was eager to have a nap before heading to work in the afternoon. I kindly requested the first available room and was able to check-in within 2 hours of arrival (not too bad considering they were at full occupancy). However, one of the phones and the in-room safe were broken. Given that I was extremely tired, I let this slide and did not report it straight away.The atmosphere there is very young, hip and trendy. Being in my mid-twenties this is exactly what I was looking for and was pleased with the result. However, I very much had a problem with the attitude of the staff (especially in the Light Bar). Every night I went for a pre-dinner drink with my friend and waited for at least 20 minutes before receiving my drink. Sometimes we would wait for almost 20 minutes before a waitress even approached to take our order. I'm from New York and used to this sort of attitude, but at 14pounds ($28) per drink, I would expect more.The included breakfast is very sparse and doesn't include anything hot. Another drawback is that everything in the room is for sale (even the cactus is sold separately from its holding pot!). I found this to be quite tacky.Overall, I would stay here again for the atmosphere, location and swanky factor. However, I would not patronize the Light Bar.	
Dec 30 2007	Prefessional staff comfy bed and totally awesome decor	Stayed at St. Martins with my two college aged sons. What a fantastic hotel. It was our favorite on our trip. We hardly wanted to leave the comfy beds. The staff was so nice and helpful. We loved every minute.After a brief jaunt to Paris, we returned to London and stayed at the City Grange where the management was horrific and items were stolen from our room. We deeply regretted not staing at St. Martins Lane in the center of everything. STAY AT THIS HOTEL!!!	
Nov 5 2007 	Not worth the money. Not a 5*	Spent Saturday night at St Martins Lane and was utterly disappointed. Having seen the photos on the website and having also stayed at the Sanderson (which was much better) was expecting a lot more. The staff were really friendly on check in which was one positive but the corridors on the 6th floor looked shabby and just like you'd expect to see in a budget hotel. Our room was absolutely tiny. One double bed (not even a king) and I'd also booked a twin which was frustrating. One tiny closet and you had to walk right round the bed to the bathroom. Also no bedside tables of any sort to put a drink on. The TV was hidden in a cabinet which also housed the mini bar and was absolutely tiny too! £3.75 for a can of Fanta which you'd expect but none the less is a complete rip off. The room just wasnt what I'd expect in a 5* hotel. No sense of luxury about it at all. Walls were paper thin also and we had some guys banging on the door at 5am which didnt help having got the wrong room!!Breakfast was supposed to be included in our room rate but for anything hot it was an extra £22! When our eggs benedict arrived they were pretty cold. Having paid £225 for the room and with the standard rate at over £350 I just expected more! The only positive is that it's in a good location and the shower is v powerful. If you're looking for 5* luxury don't stay here!!!!	
Oct 25 2007 	Very nice but!	Now location wise this is great. Right in the middle of the theatre area.The hotel is very modern. Great room on forth floor which was light and roomy. What ever floor you get go by elevator!! The walls have TV screens that show weird 'movies' that keep you entertained.As with all 5* London hotels, very expensive. A glass of beer in the bar at £8.00 and wine at £10.00 (wow). Breakfast at £17.50 for some toast and a cup of tea. Or £20.00 if you want an egg with that! WHY dont hotels have tea making facilities in the rooms anymore?? If you want acup of tea you need to ring down for it at £5.00 a cup!!!!Staff were freindly but not exactly helpfull and seem to engage with the 'beautiful people' in the hotel.So if you want style at a price? You have found it here.	
Oct 8 2007 	Great Location	staid there for 2 nights. Got anspecial deal on a studio! Spacious room. Incredible view.Very good location. Staff was nice but not more.would definitely recommend the hotel bar &quot;light bar&quot;	
Oct 3 2007 	Excellent stay	The excellent service started from the moment I walked through the doors. The person at the front desk first complimented me on the history I had staying at Morgans Group Hotels (it's true). Then, she was apologetic that my original room was not available (I checked in very late after flight delays) and, without prompting, offered to upgrade me to a &quot;Superior&quot; room - room 203 to be exact. I was nervous that being on the 2nd floor and overlooking the street would be noisy, but instead it was peaceful and relaxing.I don't know how much more a superior room costs over the deluxe, but it seemed like I was getting something quite nice. The room was LARGE, and not just for boutique hotel standards. The bathroom - with an oversized tub, shelves, walk in closet, separate shower and full vanity sink - was the size of some bedrooms! And the bedroom was generous with a queen bed, desk and TV/mini bar. The bed had the standard St. Martin's Lane color dial lighting over it, which I'm glad they haven't changed over the years.I ordered room service which was prompt and tasty, but ended up being very expensive for what I got. The checkout was quick and they even printed out google maps for me to get to my work location.St. Martin's lane was one of the first design hotels and still sets the standard for what they should be.	
Sep 23 2007 	Very cool	A really trandy design hotel in bootique style. Yes ... a little to expensive but you will surely enjoy your stay. The hall and room are in avantgarde sophisticated style. The location is perfect, in the heart of west end at walking distance from major theaters and clubs.	
Sep 4 2007 	Not worth the money	This is an expensive, 5 Star hotel in the heart of London.The foyer and bar on the ground floor give the impression of a quality hotel but the quality ends there. Staff are dressed in grey jerseys and trousers which makes them look like nightclub door staff. Not helped by the fact that they tend to congregate outside the hotel entrance.On checking out I asked the concierge if I could have a taxi and was advised that it was difficult to get a taxi in the area, perhaps if I walked up the street I would have a better chance! Not exactly 5 star service.The bedrooms are tiny with furniture whch looks, and feels as if it had been bought at MFI. It's white and cheap-looking. The bathroom door has a srong magnet which guarantees that it slams close with a resounding crash.If you can squeeze yourself and luggage into the bedrooms you'll be defeated by the odd cabintet housing the TV which blocks a complete corner of the room - like a single wardrobe.The hotel website omits pictures of the bedrooms, I can see why. All in all, a nice hotel if you're passing and fancy a drink in a trendy bar. If you want accommodation, find somewhere else, ther are plenty of cheaper, and better, alternatives.	
Aug 21 2007	A posh hotel with a posh price	The price is ghastly, but it is a chick designer hotel. I have been lucky enough to stay here over 5 times, mostly staying in suites and in the upper penthouse room with the private lift.Gorgeous design by Patrick Stark, lots of eggs lying on the floor and posh chairs which seemed like they were designed for a king to sit on. There is a cool purple pool table downstairs, and the lift, oh my god I have never seen anything like that before, its brilliant.I haven't eating in the restaurant and normally order room service, very ridiculous prices it was like £18 for a burger and chips! But the meat is amazing. Order the hot cookies they are amazing with ice cream.The location is superb, 2 seconds from Oxford street.The outside decor lets this place down as you can see that it was built about 15 years ago, in need of some TLC. No pool either and no nice view (unless you get the balcony suite and even then the view isn't amazing)Worth the visit if you have the dosh.	
Aug 20 2007 	Great Location and Fun Design	I recently stayed here for 4 nights on business. First impressions were great, exactly what I expected having seen the website and having stayed at the Group’s other hotels, Delano and Royalton. My room was a deluxe room with full bathroom on 5th floor. Great room and nice view of Nelson’s Column. . The design of the room was fantastic. The bed was very comfortable and loads of wardrobe space. The TV is stupidly small – this is the only negative about the room – when you are paying £300+ per night one at least expects to be able to see the TV properly. My bathroom was fabulous – big oval shaped standalone bath and full walk in shower. The bath products are also very nice – same as the Group’s other hotels. The hotel Gym is a bit grotty – the floor was dirty, machines tired and old but they do have use of the excellent facilities at Gymbox next door. I suspect most guests use Gymbox.The Light Bar is fantastic. We had some very expensive but exquisitely made cocktails before dinner. The door is guarded impressively by the staff –if you are not guest of the hotel or on the list, expect to be turned away. The hotel’s location is perfect for Covent Garden, Theatreland and museums. The staff were very helpful indeed and made me feel very welcome. Crucial question – was it worth the money? Yes – for the great design and location. My top tip is do not have anything from the mini bar. It is ludicrous to pay those prices when you are surrounded by bars and convenience stores. (£5 for a snack size pack of Pringles and £3 for a packet of Wrigley’s chewing gum is a joke)Overall, stay at this hotel if you like whacky design and minimalism. If you like old world charm – go to The Savoy instead.	
Aug 17 2007 	Great but expensive	Dont book with Expedia, we booked a twin and got a double. Very nice boutique hotel so expected the price. Nice hotel helpful staff but a bit too expensive.	
Aug 12 2007 	Excellent hotel !!!	Excellent location, the rooms are very clean and the service is excellent !I love this hotel and the location allows to move easily in London and to be close to the attractive places.	
Aug 4 2007 	Best Location in London if you are a theatre buff	Just got back from a stay at this hotel and I have to say I loved it. I usually try to stay at Claridges or The Dorchester but since this was a last minute trip I decided to Priceline a hotel. We really were lucky getting this little gem of a hotel. It is very trendy, and not really a five star, that being said, the staff was fabulous and the rooms were great. Absolutely loved the location and would stay there again for that alone.	
Jul 19 2007 	Not worth $592 a night	Only fools pay rack rates for London hotels. So you can add me to this category of foolish people. Although I tried to get this hotel on Priceline, there were no offers available on the day I booked it. So, inclusive of taxes, I ended up paying $592 for a single night in a no frills room. Which is a little bit pricy for a four star hotel.The hotel is chic. It is, of course, located on St Martin's Lane, beside many of the major theatres. The bar is dark, yet sub-lit with different colours to give it an air of excitement. There was a bouncer type figure outside the bar the night I was there, and this does not send out the most welcoming of signals to hotel guests wishing to patronise the place. The Asia de Cuba restaurant, on the other hand, is very swish, great menu and the breakast they served me on Tuesday, July 17th was really high quality. The bedroom was small, yet beautifully designed, with a picture window opening out onto the London skyline. My bed was exceptionally comfortable and conducive to deep sleep. One thing I found strange was that the cabinet housed a tiny Sony Trinitron television which really did not fit within the context of the ultra modern decor of the bedroom. When you pay $592 a night, you expect to have a flatscreen televisions of more sizeable dimensions in your room. So come on St Martin's hotel, modernise the televisions you are making available to your patrons. Also, a strange day glo light barely illuminated the writing desk, whereas the main light over the desk was kaput. Okay, I know I could have phoned room service. But, when you discover a problem at 11 p.m., you're reticent about having it sorted out. And, for $592, you kind of expect them to have checked everything is in working order before they assign you the room.The bathroom is artfully concealed behind the main bedroom and it meets the high design standards of the bedroom. The sunk nature of the shower means you can use it without fear of drenching the rest of the room. And the selection of toiletries was just right.Other benefit of the hotel was that - given its proximity to all the major theatres - I could stroll, at ten minutes before curtain rise, up to the production of Somerset Maugham's The Letter, an exciting production which recreates the aura of a plantation near Singapore with effortless ease. Yes the hotel is pricy. But it certainly meets the three requirements of location, location, location.Next time I'm in London, I think I'll visit over the weekend, enabling me to spend at least two nights in a good five star for the exact same price I have just paid for a single night in four star.	
Jul 17 2007 	Fantastic hotel	Normally when I go to London, I like to book The Metropolitan. However, as this was a last minute booking, and my first choice was booked, I decided to give somewhere else a try.I chose St Martins Lane Hotel as it seemed to be a good mixture of comfort, style, great food, and excellent location. I wasn't disapointed.The rooms were very comfortable, stylish, and functional, with nice bathrooms (and a great shower!). The staff were VERY polite, and, more importantly, were very friendly. This was surprising as sometimes with hotels like this you hear of people moaning that the staff look down their noses at you - I didn't find this at all, they were great.Asia de Cuba is as good as people say it is, and definitely one of the best meals I've had in London - not just for taste, but for the environment, the staff, the service and the menu choice ... The Light Bar is not at all pretentious, with a great variety of drinks, and a right old mixture of clientele.The location was very good too.I would definitely recommend this hotel, for business and pleasure.	
Jul 15 2007 	Hip Hotel in Perfect Location	Booked via priceline - asked for 5-star, but while I wouldn't say the SML is at that lofty level, it was still great value for our (very discounted) money. As other reviews will confirm, it is a boutique-style hotel in a modern/minimal-chic style. If you are coming to London and want genteel elegance, then this might not be your nice hot cuppa. But for myself and my teenage daughter, it was ideal. The location couldn't have been more perfect, the staff were friendly and professional and our room was beautiful (though we were fortunate to be upgraded on check-in, so 'standard' rooms might not be as large as ours was). Two gripes: no tea- or coffee-making facilities in the room, and one of our neighbours' doors was very squeeky and I kept waking us up in the night. However, these are minor complaints and overall I'd give the SMH a mighty thumbs up and would definitely return.	
Jul 14 2007 	Comfortable clean and quiet	My boyfriend and I stayed here for 1 night whilst in London to watch Mary Poppins. I booked the hotel via Priceline and only paid £137 including tax. Check in was prompt and the staff were friendly and polite.We had a standard room which although not big included everything necessary for our stay. The room was clean and well maintained, the shower room (no bath) was modern and a good size.We did not eat in the restaurant as we ate out before the show and we left early so did not have time to sample breakfast. On our return after the show we found that housekeeping had been in and turned down the bed, fluffed the pillows etc which was a pleasant surprise. The room was quiet and air conditioned which was a bonus as it was quite warm that evening, no complaints about the bed - it was very comfortable. Check out was easy as we had prepaid via Priceline and again could not fault the staff - they even remembered which show we were seeing and asked how it was! The only slightly odd thing about this hotel (as someone else mentioned) is that all items in the room are available to buy - not sure who would want to buy some of the items (bedroom bin etc) but each to there own! Overall a good stay - not sure I would pay the full price though.	
Jun 27 2007 	Comfortable as well as hip	Despite the super hip vibe (glass building, all white lobby &amp; rooms, bouncers at night), the SML is a very comfortable hotel with lovely service.The rooms are good sized (i had room 302) with floor to ceiling windows. only thing that is a bit daunting is the need to pull the curtains and keep pulling as the interior is very exposed at night. good sized bath w/shower only. free wifi.i tried room service and they deliver from their downstairs restaurant &quot;Asia de Cuba&quot; - food was good and came in 1/2 the time they predicted (25 min was only 15 tops).the locaion is great - just up the street from Charing Cross station, on the edge of Covent Garden and about 50 yards from Trafalgar Square for any sightseeing. only drawback was waiting in line (and waiting) to check out. it took about 15 minutes which was sort of silly since they could have put the bill under the door. the concierge also sat off doing a whole lot of nothing while everyone was waiting (and actually refusing to help one guy who just wanted change) - odd.	
Jun 25 2007	Couldn't even sleep	So expensive for a room we couldn't even sleep in! It was so loud from the bar, we couldn't even talk to one another. This was a terrible experience, and the hotel did not do anything when we voiced our concerns.	
Jun 22 2007 	Excellent location	This hotel has absolutely fantastic location in Covent Garden, minutes from Leicester Square, Trafalgar Square, Picaddilly...It is a very modern hotel with popular restoran and nice bar, and funky lobby. Everything is bright and airy.I had a deluxe room with fantastic view to the Colosseum theatre, but there was no bathtube in bathroom, which was a huge dissapointment. They also dont have shower cap in the bathroom and if you want to have a sewing kit, they will charge you, which is really strange in a 5 star property. If you like modern design places and you want to live right in city center, then it is definately a good choice.	
Jun 8 2007 	Cool stylish design hotel	Cool design hotel, perfect place to stay if you enjoy that sort of modern, funky decor, unusual lobby. Great location short walk to Covent Garden &amp; Leicester Square, tube stop just around the corner. Would recomend for young people wanting to party, shop, see London, not really for business travellers.The rooms are small but well designed with ultra modern bathrooms, the lighting in the room looks great for creating an atmosphere, cam dim or change colour of lights but is usless if you need to read anything, it was too dark for me.Had breakfast at Asia de Cube restaurant, was one of the best hotel breakfasts I have ever had wide choice of the normal cereales &amp; breads but also delicious fresh fruit and juices, great omlettes.	
May 10 2007 	Very nice but showing its age	Stayed one night mid-week in a superior room.A1 location 2 mins from Charing Cross station, Piccadilly, Covent Garden.Building is a faceless modern block. Interior is 'minimal chic' whichis fine but looking a bit dated now, scruffy in places. Better than standard chintz on offer in most West End places though.My wife checked us in so I don't know what that was like, no problemswere reported though. Room was nice, not too small, some nice design touches in the lighting, bathroom and furniture. I disliked the dayglo-yellow panel detailing, looked like someone had been let loosewith a highlighter pen. Bathroom and shower were really nice, bed was comfy, no noise problems.Didn't try the bar or the restaurant as we were in town for the theatre. In all, very pleasant.	
Apr 27 2007 	Very funky	We booked through lastminute.com and were very pleased with the room we had. It even had a treadmill in it - I did upgrade to a deluxe one. The staff were wonderful, very helpful. The bar was really cool and the DJ was excellent. we then went to the restaurant to eat at about 11pm and the food was amazing. Breakfast is £22.00 per head but there are lots of places to eat nearby. Its not cheap but definetly an experience.I would go back again.	
Apr 13 2007 	First time in boutique hotel	Booked a de luxe room only through lastminute.com for £219. Alighting from our taxi we were greeted by the doorman and checked in by bright American staff. The one thing I don't like though is muzak which pervades the whole ground floor. No doubt this was carefully chosen/composed to match the &quot;funky&quot; ambience. The lift was an experience with small screens on the walls showing strange graphics and sounds from doodles to Cary Grant. Our room (411) appeared to be the same as shown on candid photos as we overlooked the side of the Coliseum theatre. The box containing the TV, etc. was IKEAish but seemed sturdy enough. Excellent bathroom with umpteen little lights. TV had the Bloomberg channel which is a plus as far as I'm concerned.The hotel is superbly situated - handy for Covent Garden, theatreland and only 2 minutes walk from Trafalgar Square. Returning to the hotel after seeing a show we had a nightcap in a cool bar with rather impressive doorman to welcome you - do they get trouble I wonder? Service quick and friendly but smoky atmosphere - of course that will all change in July.The maid had been in our room and turned the lights on. A novelty was being able to change the colour of the lighting above the bed from white through yellow, green and lilac. The bed was comfortable with wonderfully soft pillowsNext morning we had a superb breakfast - full English for £22 which was slightly cheaper than the Hyatt Churchill in Marylebone and every bit as good. Fresh fruit comprised strawberries mangoes, blueberries, blackberries,etc. The poached eggs I had with bacon, sausage,etc. were perfectly cooked. Our waiter was a charming Angolan.Overall a good experience but at a price. Would stay again for a single night but no longer because of the infernal music	
Mar 28 2007 	Poor value for rmoney	Everything at this hotel comes at a high price and it offers poor value for money. I was on a company paid event and was glad it was not my own money!I'll admit that it is modern and stylish and from my experience service is very good and attentive.But entry level rooms at £250+ are very small and only adequately furnished and equipped.Everything has a price tag - the things you expect to pay for in the mini-bar (£5 for the smallest pack of Pringles!) plus there is a price list for things you may want to take from your room (£50 for the hair dryer!). There is an £11 'delivery charge' if you want to borrow a DVD to watch. We were even presented with a bill for breakfast which was included in the room rate - I still don't know if that was a mistake or they were just trying to reiterate that breakfast for 2 was a whopping £34.50.Don't get me wrong, we had a great stay but I felt that if I stood still for too long I'd have a price label stuck to me!	
Feb 13 2007 	Ultra Modern + Great Fun	Didn't know what to expect after reading some of the reviews. Had wanted to visit this hotel or it's sister hotel (Sanderson) for some time, then found the perfect excuse, mates birthday! Had trouble booking on line, so phone direct and they honoured the same rate. Check in was a breeze (Need a porter though?) Room was spectacular (Paid the extra for a deluxe, well worth it).Everything was a surprise from traditional hotels we normally stay in (Thistle, Hilton). Everything was spotlessly clean and well presented, bathroom fantastic with a great shower.Went out for the evening and returned to find the bar was a cool mini-club, great atmosphere and great service. Stayed till about 2am (closes at 3). Still made breakfast the next morning and glad we did, the breakfast is to die for, really!Overall, I would say it is expensive, but you do get what you pay for. Staff are good, though sometimes slow. Location is excellent, a fairly quiet street, but very close to the action.	
Feb 7 2007 	Funky and chic	Stayed here with the girls on my hen weekend. Great interiors and cool late night bar.Got upgraded at check-in to rooms with little gardens. Very chic.Don't know that the difference in price is worth it though! Lovely bathrooms with robes and long sinks.Typical London city hotel. All staff quite distant, sad looking door-man and huge queue for check-out on Sunday!Central location is a hit but we did not do much walking.Would certainly return if I got a good deal.	
Jan 31 2007 	great fun nice touches!	Great designer/boutique hotel. Good service, only one complaint, rooms are too small. Did like the key they give you for your room. The light bar was pretty fab too.	
Jan 20 2007 	Odd Approach to Service for the Price!	Booked in with a small, sophisticated hen night celebration for one night. The room was obviously very clean &amp; stylishly laid out but was very expensive for what was provided. The little price list for sewing kits &amp; first aid kits in the wardrobe did seem a little excessive, considering there's at least one chemist on The Strand. The Reception staff were exceptionally helpful &amp; check-in was processed without fuss. However, the room was absolutely freezing when I arrived &amp; it took me a good hour of trying to find the thermostat when I couldn't bear it any more &amp; had to phone reception. Possibly some more guest information might be a good idea ... frankly, it took a while to work out how to flush the toilet! The worst aspect of the whole stay was the service provided by the Light Bar - the six of us trotted downstairs for cocktail hour with our 1&quot; round flashing 'Hen Night' buttons pinned to our dresses - hardly fake breasts &amp; tiaras with veils! We were told, in no uncertain terms, that we have to remove the buttons after we'd been in the place for an hour &amp; had ordered two rounds of drinks which amounted to about £200. I'd have thought that we could have danced on the tables for that sort of spend between the six of us. Apparently not. The whole place is far too sure of its own 'specialness' for its own good - far too shiny by half!	
Jan 19 2007 	Not bad ... but	Stayed one night, having spent an evening out in London. The staff are over attentive, I don't mind but can get grating. Check in was fine, rooms are small(ish) but not that bad - it is LondonThe bathrooms are really nice, power shower - modern and clean. I would like a radio or something in the bathroom though. I wish more hotels would do this.The rooms feel really secure, you can close an internal door and so you are safe form staff walking in. Loved the mood light effects. The plastic chair in the room is a pain and ended up sitting in bed with my laptop. The wifi was free, however you had to call the front desk to get username and password, do they not know they can do this automatically like other hotels.I wanted to sleep in and woke up at 12pm - I had no phone calls or knocks on the door with people trying to get in! this is a pet hate of mine in hotels. I was either very lucky or this hotel has worked out how annoying this can be.The hotel bar is OK - but not amazing. Considering that this is a partner hotel of the Hudsen in NYC its lacking. Drink prices require a second mortgage and you cannot charge it to your room which is very annoying.The major moan about this hotel was the TV in the room! It was broken and small, however when we came back at 2am in the morning someone had replaced with a new one (same small TV!) what are they thinking about. Its like the smallest TV ever. One of the reasons you stay in a nice hotel is to chill watching sports while the girlfriend spends a few hours in the bathroom! They really need to rip out the whole TV bit and start again. A nice 42inch plasma should be installed in a place like this.	
Jan 17 2007 	Fun Experience	This place is definately worth it if you get a great rate. We were checked in early (by a really obnovious guy - the only negative to our experience) and upgraded to a deluxe - which was a perfect size - wouldn't really want it any smaller. The rooms are all white which i love - expect at night you can change the lighting to blue, pink, orange etc above the bed. The table also lit up which was one of my favorite touches. Also nice were the floor to ceiling windows. This hotel has been around since 1999 but everything looked almost brand new and perfectly clean- there must have been recent refurbishments. The king bed was very comfortable but you won't like the rooms if you're looking for big cushy chairs and lots of seating. The bathrooms were also amazing. I prefer the Sanderson - the lobby at St Martins doesn't compare. But the value is slightly better. Don't stay here if you're going to complain about comfort or design. I don't get how people book to stay here and then are surprised by that.	
Jan 17 2007 	Glamour at St Martin's Lane	I paid above what I could afford to treat my boyfriend for his 27th birthday but it was worth every penny. We ate in Asia De Cuba. The food was amazing, the clientele - good looking and glam. I dressed up to the nines in a lovely dress and felt like a supermodel! The staff were all very friendly. The hotel was space age and glam. The room was small (it was the cheapest) but it was still very glam (except the rotten old TV). My boyfriend is a very glam person and he loved it. Romantic evening and we stayed late into the next day which was okay. But - I got what I'd paid for. It was all pretty pricey.	
Jan 17 2007	Posh. Ideal Location. Just Don't Make a Phone Call.	As long as you don't pick up the phone in your room, you'll have a fabulous time at this modern, highly stylized hotel located in Covent Garden. From St. Martins Lane you can easily walk to Leicester Square, Trafalgar Square and Soho and enjoy the hundreds of restaurants and shops along the way. Multiple tube stops and buses surround you so you'll have no problem getting to wherever you want to go in this magnificent city. As for decor, somehow St. Martins Lane is able to marry the austerity of a museum with the warmth of a living room. Candles illuminate the lobby, restaurant and bar and the framed pictures on the wall in the restaurant add to the feeling of home living.Here are four things I think you should know:[1] The phone charges are outrageous. I ended up with a $230 dollar phone bill after my one week stay. After spending an exorbitant amount on the room alone, I was irate, but the front desk wouldn't budge on the charges.[2] My room, decked out in white from the drapes, to the bedding to the furniture, was tiny. But then again you are in London, so I doubt you'll be staying in-doors for very long. Thankfully, the beds are blissfully comfortable and include a snuggable crisp white down comforter.[3] The TV was tiny (a reflection, I suppose of the size of the room) but the wireless internet service was a plus and I didn't end up watching all that much television anyhow.[4] The Light Bar and Asia de Cuba restaurant were fantastic. Very chic. Very cosmo. Very expensive. Just to give you an idea of the vibe; at the bar/club (people were in fact dancing) a group of business men from Sweden invited me and my boyfriend to party with them and take part in their outrageously priced champagne. Overall, I was happy with my stay, but since there are too many other hotels out there, I doubt I'll stay again.	
Jan 8 2007 	Light and Odd	On arrival, which was dead on booking time, we were told that our room was not ready could we wait. 20 minutes later I went back to the desk and was told the same thing, left it another 10 minutes, still not ready SO I made a bit of a fuss and they suggested that we have a drink in the Bar at Asia whatever it is called on them. 2 hours and rather to many cocktails passed, we by this time were very very relaxed anyway and the manager come bustling over and apologised profusely and took us to our room.A nice touch was a bottle of champagne in the room as a sorry, given that we had already drunk the equivalent of one nights stay having also drunk the champagne we were ready to go to dinner. The RoomWe had a corner suite which was very very nice with one of the nicest bathrooms of any Hotel we have ever used in the UK.The Bar Well there is a bar at Asia de Cuba but the &quot;highlight&quot; is the Ligt Bar, remember to book, its trendy and there were apparently celebs in but didnt recognise any, and to be honest its pretty poor but it was good fun for one nightStaffDesigner ineptitude, they are all about 12 and more interested in their Armani tunics than anything else but OKOverallVery trendy, good fun, service as expected, food as expected no moans really. Would we return, we are shortly	
Jan 3 2007	Too hip- needs more comfot	I stayed here in mid-August 2006.I probably will never go back unless I get a lower rate. The hotel tries to be hip but basically ends up giving you low value for money. Small chair in the room was plastic. The TV was miniscule (although I heard they have upgraded).The two bright spots for this hotel are:1. The Light Bar2. Asia de Cuba,but you can visit either of these without spending the night... Oh, and I should add - my bathroom was quite large with a proper tub and separate shower. I give it high marks. Too bad the rest of the room was so form-over-function...	
Dec 3 2006 	Showing its age	This was my third or fourth stay at St. Martin's Lane and probably my 10th at a Morgan's hotel. This will probably be my last stay at this specific hotel. There was nothing horrible about the hotel but it was just not a good value for the money. To be fair, the currently weak US dollar is part of a problem here. The hotel's location is excellent. Very close to Covent Garden, Trafalgar Square and The Strand. The Philippe Starck design is playful and funny. I love the LCD displays in the elevators that play an ever-changing variety of video art. The limestone clad bathrooms are very efficient and well-designed for their footprint. The rooms are small but that is fairly common in London where hotels are generally not a good value for the money. The bed was very firm which I thought I'd appreciate but it ended up putting a knot in my back each morning. I had never had a problem with the beds at this hotel before. The color wash wall was cool but some of ours were burned out so we did not have a full spctrum of color. The lobby and some of the public areas of the hotel were a bit ropey: dirty carpets and broken tiles in the lobby. As I have experienced at other Morgans hotels the staff can be alternately helpful or surly. We used the concierge once he acted like we were putting him out to inquire about the weather forecast. The lack of a bathtub is a big issue, especially after a long flight from the west coast of the US. If you love design this hotel is creative and interesting but it needs to be freshened.	
Dec 2 2006 	Location Location Location	Outstanding location is probably it's best asset. Staff are excellent, friendly and welcoming (notwithstanding queues on checking out). Rooms very nice and although on small side, feel remarkably spaceous with lots of natural light.Make sure you have a credit card though as debit cards are not accepted for purposes of bill payment or credit checking - most surprising for a supposedly ***** hotel.Minibar prices outrageous (£3.50 for a bounty bar!)Relatively lacking in public space amenities until bar opens but perhaps that's not important given that the West End is on doorstep.Perfect for a weekend break to see a show in London.	
Nov 4 2006 	Not fabulous anymore 	me and a friend came to London to see 2 shows of the MADONNA &quot;CONFESSIONS&quot; CONCERT at wembley arena, and decided to make this trip fabulous all the way... so we booked a twin roon at the St Martins Lane Hotel. while Madonna was indeed fabulous, the hotel was not quite so...the room was indeed all white with great beds, but the good part ends here: the room was very small, and you had only the choice of sitting on the beds. the bathroom was ok but ok is NOT fabulous, right?the lights control didnt work so we had to live with A FIXED PINK light.the t.v set was the smallest i have ever seen and the view from the window featured an ugly buikding... REAL ugly.but the most dissapointing thing was the lobby and the bar: although designed nicely, it didnt have any BUZZ nor LIVELYHOOD. it felt like a DEAD hotel, one that passed its good times. the bar was full but borring and conpletly didnt jestufy the prices they charge for drinks. service was clumzy and stressfull. if you have 220 pounds and up-a- night to spare and you are looking for a boutique hotel with action - go to BAGLIONI hotel or the sister sanderson. St Martins Lane Hotel just doesnt deliver anymore.	
Nov 3 2006 	low value for money	For 268pounds/1person, all would expect a far bigger room with at least bath tube together (not to mention also a proper swimming pool downstairs which is missing); slow service in restaurant, I had to wait 25 minutes for a simple sandwich, they did NOT even apologise!!More, the ad photos with the reflecting colors on the windows are untrue, as the bulbs over the bed(s) are weak to give this intense lighting result seen from out.Estimated worth for all they offer: 120pounds maximum	
Oct 7 2006 	I went to London for fun and found it here!!!!!	I'm from Mexico City and stayed for 15 nights at St. Martins Lane Hotel. I really had a good time there. The Light Bar is amazing during weekends. The staff, well, most of all, are very friendly, but definitely the very best part of the staff is the concierge, Josh Brown, who is very friendly and helpful and make your stay a better one. The food at Asia de Cuba is not the great thing, you should better go outside and try other places. The rooms are small but really, really comfortable, you have everything for an extraordinary stay. The TV is the worst thing of all, is the smallest TV I have ever seen. They should change them as they are very small and old. The prices are high but the location worth every pound!!!!!! You are so close to everything, you just have to walk. Definitely the location is what makes this hotel a really good one. If you are planning going to London, long or short stays, you should stay at st. Matins Lane.	
Sep 20 2006 	Regrettably not a 5* as anticipated	There are some positives about this hotel as it is very pretty, though small, and the staff was terrific but the buck stopped there. As Priceline guests we received a room that was 220 square feet (not even shown on St Martins Lane website in room descriptions) and our 5* &quot;luxury&quot; room had no bath, shower stall only. The previous poster below rated this correctly as a &quot;boutique&quot;, it is not a 5* hotel. I have never heard of a luxury hotel that offers no bath tub, a 220 square foot room and has an 8 by 10 inch tevision. The main positive was that the staff was definitely helpful and personable with us, sorry some previous posters had different experinces. I will not bid on a 5* accomodation in London as long as this remains a Priceline &quot;luxury&quot; hotel. Did not have a chance to try the popular Asia de Cuba restaurant though I understand it gets high remarks. Hope this is helpful.	
Sep 16 2006 	Trendier than thou!	Unfortunately a case of form over functionality and certainly an example of trendiness over friendliness! In terms of atmosphere, it is exactly what you would expect for a boutique hotel and design of the hotel and rooms is great but that is where it ends. At every encounter the staff prove extremely unhelpful and while they all look extremely young and fashionable that appears to be their only function. If you don't look like a supermodel, you will constantly be asked to present your key in order to use the bar of the hotel or get access to the restaurant. Most disappointing of all was the fact that you will be asked to present a credit card for security when ordering at the bar as they will not accept your room card as a guest of the hotel! When I queried this I was told by management this is because people can 'forge' the room cards! So it seems the hotel is patronised by trendy dishonest people. In addittion to this, business facilities proved very poor and we had to hold a meeting at the back of the restaurant as there were only 3 small meeting rooms. Very disappointing!	
Sep 5 2006 	Loved it!	We found great rates for this hotel via Travelzoo and booked two awesome rooms for about half the regular price. The hotel is very swanky (think the Mondrion Hotel) and I feel like it was in the middle of everything...located a short walk from Trafalgar Square, the theater district, great shopping and great nightlife! A great concierge helped us find the best restaurants in London, and helped us secure very hard to find theater tix!! Great, friendly staff and rooms were nice &amp; clean, though not the most spacious. The bar here is also fun, though drinks can be quite pricey.	
Aug 31 2006 	Small but funky rooms	Disappointed with the smaller than expected standard rooms (and we booked a twin and double but got two doubles) but great views and fantastic service. When will hotels like this realise that no-oneunless blind drunk will pay 3.50 for a standard kit-kat.. so on-one buys anything.. my kids were disappointed not to be allowed to raid the mini bar!Also beds in Std rooms are just queen-sized - not an inch more and not great beds eitherOn the positive side...Reception - Stu - was first class; friendly and relaxed. The door guy was very helpful when we changed our plans but the Bar door-girl unfriendly and patronising - but then again she did have a nice trendy clipboard to make herself feel important!Overall a fun place, but worth the £200 a room a night? not so sure... if you want a different experience then OMM in Barcelona is the best or for a few more quid The Sanderson although service is as patronising as it can possibly get there!	
Jul 26 2006 	Supremely Well Located Hip Design Hotel	Morgan’s Group - St. Martin’s Lane HotelI managed to get a great deal for my two night Friday and Saturday stay of £130/night excluding VAT (17.5%) via travelzoo. As a Londoner I occasionally like to have a holiday in my own city, and this rate gave us that opportunity to sample a great hotel, right in the centre of town a stone’s throw from Soho. This rate included complimentary WiFi access and an upgrade to a Superior Room. This is part of the same group as Sanderson in London and Mondrian in LA. I parked the car in the NCP Car Park at the back of the hotel; this has a special rate if you arrive after 6pm and depart before 9am in the morning of £15, much more reasonable than the £40 charged per day otherwise. This is a small car park, quite tight, and does close at 11.30pm, opening at 6.30am. Leave your car at home if you can. You need to lug your bags up the ramp and outside the hotel, which is annoying.At check in, the helpful and cheery team welcome me and my partner (both guys) to the hotel, and I made reservation for the Asia de Cuba restaurant, which I had heard was not to be missed.The bell boy took our bags up to our room, while we had a drink at the funky Light Bar. There is a bit of clipboard-ism going at the door here, as it is only open to hotel guests and others on the guest list. Some amazing girls here on Saturday evening, though. Perfect for modelisers! We were given room 302, a corner room with full floor to ceiling windows and felt very spacious. I would go with the corner room if you can. The higher the floor you get the better; third floor was above most rooflines, but I would not have liked to be on the side of the hotel lower down. You can be overlooked if you leave the curtains open. We did! ;)302 looked over St Martin’s Lane to the Noel Coward Theatre, where Avenue Q was showing. This Superior Room has a shower; I asked at the desk and they told me with superior rooms there is a choice between corner rooms with a shower, or regular non-corner rooms which have a tub. The bathroom was covered in beige marble, and spotlessly clean. Probably worth the marginal extra over the Standard rooms which have been reported to be small; although our upgrade was free.Toilet was separated from rest of bathroom by glass door, but with no door on the bathroom itself discretion was needed, as well as copious amounts of cologne! Hanging space was limited to one small wardrobe with curtain not a door; try not to bring too much with you. The was a sizeable safe big enough for a smaller laptop.Carpet was grey and a little past its best, but certainly not tatty. Otherwise the room felt fresh, clean and bright; much bigger than I had expected or had experienced before in London. Several people have complained the TVs are small – they are not huge, but are widescreen SONY types, probably about five years old and perfectly adequate. A DVD player was provided. Air conditioning was excellent (it was 33C outside and icy indoors) which makes a change from the usual poor excuse for a/c you get in London. Lighting is good, though the fun “light your mood” feature of the room was not as bright as you might imagine; a gimmick. The work desk and chair were sizeable if you needed to get something business related done.Beds were poor quality, with springs “pinging” during “exercise”. I mentioned this on check out and they said they were undergoing a mattress replacement program and this should be fixed soon; proper pillowtop mattresses will feature. Sheets were great quality Egyptian cotton, fluffy pillows which made up for the less than great mattress.WiFi signal was strong and easy to connect (you get a code from the desk). MiniBar was overpriced, so bring a small flask of vodka and Cranberry Juice and put it in the fridge for your evening drinks while you shower. Amazingly they even charged £4 for the sewing kit which was a rip-off. Bathroom supplies were average quality, and came in very small bottles; enough for one shower each and that was it. There was a nice body scrub, but all were unscented and did not feel luxurious. Bring your own Jo Malone.No Tea and Coffee facilities in the room. Crazy breakfast in bed prices of £54 for two people meant we enjoyed a full English at the café round the corner for about £15 total.We went off to the OXO tower restaurant for supper, and the doorman tried to put us in the hotel Mercedes, but thanks to reviews here I avoided that and we hailed a cab a few minutes later.The highlight of our stay was Jada, the Italian waitress in the Asia de Cuba restaurant. My partner and I sat down to eat at around 11pm on Saturday having seen Avenue Q, a little tired but Jada pepped us up, chatting merrily with us and suggesting some excellent choices from the menu. This is the sort of restaurant you can still taste the flavours hours after and worth every penny. We had a great cocktail to share, a huge glass and two straws which was great fun!Jada’s cheery and engaging attitude was second to none, and she really made the evening for us, which can not have been easy for her at the end of what must have been a long and busy night.One last point, yesterday I received a survey, which I duly filled in mentioning both the many good points and the few areas for improvement. Hilary, the GM, emailed me by return with a personalised response. Very impressive and a good indication of the dedication and excellence this hotel aspires to.SUMMARY: supremely well located funky cool design hotel with great staff and rooms, awesome Asia de Cuba restaurant and exclusive Light Bar. Ideal for a weekend theatre/clubbing break.	
Jul 10 2006	What are you complaining about?	I read a number of reviews from TripAdvisor after my girlfriend had made the booking for us and I was starting to get concerned.WHAT IS ALL THE FUSS ABOUT? The hotel is fantastic. It is a great place to stay. The entire team that works there is nothing but warm and friendly.We were in a standard room and yes, it might not be the biggest place to stay, but the hotel is right in the heart of Leicester Square and Covent Garden. We did not book to be in this location just to sit in our room!The restaurant and the bar were amazing. They are the place to be seen in and have a really cool crowd with a great atmosphere. All the action happens in the lobby area and this is the place to hang out.The hotel appears to be offering something different. If you have a traditional view of hotels or you want to play it safe…. go somewhere else and be boring!If, like us, you want to have some fun, be different and have a truly unique experience - check in and check it out!	
Jul 8 2006	Perfect end to my trip!	when i arrived, i was a little disapponted. id only seen the hotel in photos, so in person i felt the decor was a bit cheesy and unimpressive. it almost felt like a bank that was trying to be cool. but after that, it only got better and better. i was starving at check in, so i went to the asia de cuba restaurant next to the lobby, and i was praying it wasnt going to -- like most of the food in london, but it was one of the best meals of my trip. then i took the blue elevator up to my room, and i liked it very much. it was nicely designed, all white, with a small hallway from the door to the beds, so the noise outside was at a minimum. the bathroom was huge, with a seperate stall toilet, and had plush towels, robes, and really nice grapefruit soap that i kept ordering and taking. the shower had great water pressure, and i liked the mood lighting that you could customize. there was a lot of cabinet space, and plenty of room for two people to unpack two bags and move around comfortably.the service was amazing! dont listen to the other reviews...everyone there who dealt with us was really nice and personable, at one point we even showed them stuff we bought after shopping for gifts. they made reservations for us at all the coolest and tastiest restaurants, and knew where to go to shop. the breakfast buffet was delicious, with all kinds of breads, fresh fruit, granola, yogurt, juices and eggs and sausages made to order.bottom line is, money works. it is a bit pricey, but they really get it and they know all about the fun cool places you want to see like a londoner.best of all, st martins is right across the street from starbucks and walking distance to the big topshop! what more do you need??	
Jun 9 2006	Loved it!	My little sister and I went to London on vacation. We booked 4 nights at the St. Martin's Lane Hotel. I wanted to treat ourselves to a cool, trendy hotel in the middle of everything. After reading some of the reviews on here, I was a little worried that I might have spent a lot of money on something that would dissappoint, but I was not dissappointed at all. Yes, most of the staff is young and extremely good looking, but they were more than willing to help you with anything. The front desk, bellmen, and concierge were extremely helpful and pleasant. The concierge made great recommendations for restaruants and got us reservations at trendy places with little notice. Yes, the rooms are small, but unless you are paying over 500 pounds in London, they all are. We only stayed in a standard room, but I loved how impeccably white it was and the floor to ceiling windows make it beautiful. The bathroom was wonderful! Yes, everything had a price on it, but no one is forcing you to eat out of the mini-bar or room service, or to take their overpriced gadgets home with you. The area around the hotel is ideal. We didn't even need to take the tube. It is in walking distance of all the West End attractions, many pubs, and great restaurants. My only complaint was regarding the Light Bar. After seeing pics on the website, I was very interested in going there for a drink and the posh atmosphere. Unfortunately, they never mentioned that it is more a club (only open at night) than a hotel bar. My little sister is only 20, so we were not allowed in. I was miffed. I thought that we had paid way too much for the hotel for us not to be able to go and sit in the only hotel bar.	
Jun 5 2006	Very Modern Great Location	We had a nice suite at the St. Martin's Lane Hotel, the room and the whole place is ultra-modern. Our room had lots of natural light, and all fixtures, lighting, etc. was in good working order. Based on some of the TripAdvisor reviews, we were sure to lock everything possible up each night in the safe, and we had no problems. Workout room was pretty dismal, not much in there, some weights, one recumbent bike, and two treadmills - one of which was out of order. Also, they have a business office with internet connection - but 3 pounds per 15 min. to use - so I went to the internet cafe on Old Street (5 minute walk) and got 1 hour for 1 pound and that was a great cost savings.The staff are mostly young, well-meaning people, but are indifferent. The bar downstairs opens after 5:30 p.m. and there is always a bouncer with an attitude asking if you are a guest of the hotel or have a reservation. It is a little too much attitude. The location of the hotel is great. There is a Starbucks, plus other coffee shops, newsstands, restaurants, etc right out your door. The street is relatively quiet with traffic at night, so not a huge amount of noise, but you have to work a little to get a cab, or just walk down the street to Trafalgar Square. Regarding transportation, the hotel has some deal with some local Mercedes Benz drivers who cost lots of bucks, you need to avoid that, and be sure to ask the doorman for a &quot;black taxi&quot; so they don't try to convince you to take their transportation.	
Jun 3 2006	Fake Corner Suite Size	The corner suite was large and comfortable but it is fasely advertised as 158sqm / 1,700sq ft on the floor plan as advertised on the hotel website. Beware as the room size is actually around 700 sq ft. We already make a complain to the hotel manager and although it seems that action would be done to update the website, nothing has been done after a month.	
May 9 2006	Keep your doors locked!	I recently stayed at the St Martin's Lane Hotel with my Boyfriend for his 30th birthday and it was a great experience until someone tried to force their way into my room at 3am claiming to be &quot;security&quot;. We called down to security and it took them 10 minutes to reach our room and they did nothing to calm our nerves or serach for the &quot;security&quot; member.That was bad enough i thought until we reported the incident in the morning to the on duty manager and they told us &quot;these things just happen&quot; and that it was &quot;difficult to keep track of people coming into the hotel&quot;. At the prices for the rooms you'd have thought that they would make it their business to know who was coming and going from the hotel! What's more they offered no apology and didn't try to deny this kind of thing happened. No apology, no conisderation, no refund and most importantly no customer care i wouldn't stay here again if they paid me!	
May 7 2006 	A disappointing experience...	We stayed for a night at St Martins lane. We paid 215pounds and that was meant to be a bargain (because we booked 5 rooms so we got a better deal, but apparently if you book it from --- or anywhere else you can get it even cheaper). The rooms were like cubicles, there is not enough space for 2 people to walk around the room. There is a narrow desk and a chair but in order to sit down you have to pull the desk forward, block the only way to the bathroom (you can of course jump over the bed). Everything in the room has a price tag. You start from 4 pounds for a small bottle of water and it goes up to 250 pounds for a through cover. The room doesn't even contain a kettle to make a cup of coffee or tea. You need to order everything from room service (and of course it doesn't come for free!!). We asked for an ironing board and the brought us the dirtier one available. In the bathroom you can only get a shampoo, a scrub and a body conditioner (no body wash, you have to stick with the scrub). Even though the room was very white and plain, the carpet looked rather dirty. The TV is hiding inside a cabinet but it is nothing exciting to see anyway. It is probably the oldest 13inch TV you will ever see. The restaurant downstairs was nice. However, too expensive for the whole atmosphere and the food. The most disappointing thing was that we paid 1800 pounds (without the 10% service charge) and they told us to go because they had to prepare the table for someone else to come. So overall, I wouldn't stay there again and I wouldn't suggest it to anyone.	
Mar 26 2006 	Fabulous and Great Deal	This was a fabulous hotel. Ultra modern and very clean. Got a great deal through Travelzoo at only 130Pounds which included breakfast and a room upgrade to Deluxe. Would definitely stay here again. And conveniently located in Covent Garden area and to Underground. Fabulous!	
Mar 3 2006 	Too hip for good service	I have stayed at the St. Martin’s lane for 2 nights. Overall it is a very hip and extremely modern hotel. The rooms are fine (very fancy) and style clearly comes before practicality. The beds are fine and the bathrooms are nice and open and have floor heating which is nice. Overall the setup was not to my taste however.The corridors are actually really depressing and the staff is as cold as the whole hotel atmosphere. It has a very hip bar which is actually known throughout London but I think it is overrated like the whole hotel. For that amount of money I rather stay somewhere else. Having said this, if you love ultra cool hotels this is probably the one.	
Feb 17 2006	Style *and* substance	Just got back from an overnight stay. Was apprehensive having read some of the rather negative reviews and being a little wary of overly styled hotels which generally aren't comfortable. This, however, is a very comfortable and relaxing hotel despite its seemingly uncompromising design. I had booked a studio and was upgraded to a deluxe studio - two walls of floor to ceiling windows made a spacious room feel even more so, and with excellent curtains and blinds giving privacy and a good night's sleep too. Huge bathroom with a decent bathtub and separate shower and WC. Great attention to detail means minimalist appearance without sacrificing any convenience or comfort.Negatives: the bed's not great, although it is more comfortable than you'd think from first impressions (seemed a bit bouncy for my taste). And the TV was pretty shabby, and the cabinet it's housed in isn't a great bit of work either. The price lists for everything in the room and several notices along the lines 'you touch it, you've bought it' are instrusive to say the least and don't belong in a £350/night hotel room. Pluses: looks great, lovely contemporary building in perfect location and it's comfortable too; great bathrooms; In room dining was very good, too.The really major plus, as others have commented, and the best feature: the staff, who are not only great looking (!) but very friendly, helpful and efficient - anticipated our every need without ever being obstrusive. Every single member of staff we encountered was wonderful. In summation, it's no Four Seasons (my preferred option and still the benchmark for hotels IMHO) but it's something a little different, done pretty well, and with some of the best staff I've had the pleasure to meet. Treat yourself and give it a try.	
Feb 13 2006	Such friendly staff	The hotel and restaurant staff made this weekend break so special for us. We booked a superior room and was upgraded to a deluxe room, the room was very clean/white and a lovely bathroom with a really good shower. And after reading a previous review I am pleased to report that there are toilet doors. The food in the restaurant was good, the service was fantastic. It was a pleasure to stay somewhere where the staff are so friendly, not at all stuffy.	
Feb 4 2006	Expensive but trendy	Just spent one night there. I'm 46 and felt very old there. Excellent location. Great wackey decor, clean &amp; generally good service. Downside: no indication on room stat as to what temperature you are trying to set; room very small; poor bed (cheap metal frame had me rolling to the centre); couldn't get the fact that a cooked breakfast was included in our room rate (raised on at least 4 occasions - frustrating); £10 a drink in the bar (shorts). Sum up: had better value for money e.g Hilton Executive accomodation on Park Lane; Suite at Thistle Tower Bridge.	
Jan 16 2006	Loving St Martins Lane	I just checked out of St Martins Lane having spent the weekend there and absolutely loved it. I have never stayed before, but would go back again.My wife and I ate dinner in Asia de Cuba and found the Bento boxes to be great value for money and ideal for a pre-theatre meal.The Receptionists were simply yummy and I felt as if they really wanted us to enjoy our stay.If you go you must check out the Light Bar. Apparently there is high demand to be on the guest list, but by being in a room we walked straight in - how cool is that!	
Jan 14 2006	If only every Hotel in the world was like St Martins Lane	After a hectic Christmas/New year, my wife and I needed 24 hours away from our kids to have some fun ourselvesI spend approx 50 nights a year staying in Hotels all over Asia, USA and Continental Europe for work so to be honest staying in a Hotel in the city where I live is pretty rare.I use TripAdvisor from time to time, if I am going to a city I haven't been to before or if my company is not in a Hotel Programme there. We chose St Martins Lane because of the positive TripAdvisor comments but also because we have been told by friends that it is an &quot;Experience&quot;.We arrived at the Hotel on a Saturday afternoon, to be greeted by a doorman, who immediately introduced himself and relieved us of our bag. The receptionist and Concierge (the receptionist introduced us to him)were as warm and friendly as the doorman. Once they had learnt our first name they used it all the time, which we loved as it gave us a feeling that we were being treated as guests in somebody elses home. I didn't tell my wife what type of room we had booked, however we were both blown away by the Garden Room we entered. Whilst the Garden wasn't huge it was still a Garden which you could sit outside in (it was unfortunately raining so we didn't get a chance to use it). The room was modern with crisp, clean (very) decor and had everything we needed for twenty hours.We had dinner in Asia de Cuba which was fantastic. The atmosphere was vibrant, coupled with the friendly, &quot;down to earth&quot; attentive staff who seemed to have so much fun, made for a memorable night.We had a couple of cocktails in the Light Bar which were fantastic and of course helped us sleep well in a very comfortable bed. Breakfast the next morning was delivered within 20 minutes of us ordering it (even after the Room Service &quot;Breafast Hours&quot;)and our request for a later checkout was met by a &quot;No Problem&quot; from the Front Desk. We loved our room (and the garden that was delicately lit up at Night and of course private), loved the decor and colours in our room after turndown - Light your Mood (simple, I know but clever)and loved our dinner but most of all loved the friendliness of all the staff we came in contact with.All in all we had a great experience and will be back next time we want to have a memorable night with some fun in our home town.PS: There have been previous comments about the carpet and &quot;stuffy&quot; corridors. The floor we stayed on was cool with new carpet (loved the room numbers on the floor)	
Dec 5 2005	A must try experience - fantastic!!	I was taken here for a 1 night stay as a birthday suprise - I have never experienced a hotel like it, it was absolutely brilliant and totally unique.From the moment we arrived the quirkiness kept me entertained from start to finish. For starters the hotel does not have a name on it and there are no signs anywhere for the reception, lifts etc - some people may find this a bit frustrating but to be honest it just added to the whole experience. Even finding your hotel room number was a mystery as the numbers are woven into the carpet outside the door. I note that in some of the older reviews there are a number of comments made about stained worn carpet - this must have been replaced or cleaned since as I did not notice any problems at all. Staff were very polite and accommodating at all times.The rooms are exclusive and innovatively designed (but then you wouldn't expect anything less of Mr Starke). The mood lighting is a beautiful idea. The bathroom was spacious and once again was designed superbly. On the contrary to what some other people have said, there were toiletries supplied free of charge.My only gripe along with some others was that everything in the room did appear to have a price tag and the contents of the mini bar were way way over priced - but the simple solution to that is if you don't like the price don't eat or drink it!!The light bar was a very friendly and fun environment with a great atmosphere - I was more than happy to drink the night away here.If you hadn't already guessed I throughly my stay at St Martins Lane. I do acknowledge that this will not be an experience enjoyed by all as the decor and eccentricity will not be to everyones taste. For me I loved every minute and would go back tomorrow.	
Nov 30 2005	Great Location Friendly Staff Comfortable Room Happening Lobby	I'll admit. I was tad bit apprehensive to book after reading some current reviews on this site. Regardless, I opted to stay at the St Martins Lane based on previous positive experiences (1999-2001). Yes, they could do with updating room electronics (e.g. TV, stereo) and sprucing up hall carpets. Regardless, my most recent stay (11/16-21/05) was rather positive. First of all, the location cannot be beat. Secondly, all staff (from doorman to front desk to cleaning staff) were service oriented and friendly. I was always greeted with a &quot;good morning&quot; or &quot;hello.&quot; Thirdly, the room (standard double on 5th floor) was in as good condition as in 2001, the bed comfortable, bathroom spacious and surroundings quiet (I can't speak for rooms on lower levels...closer to lobby). Finally, I enjoyed the lively, &quot;happening,&quot; scene in the lobby. It's a great/convenient place to meet friends and have a drink before any night out. For me, for now, the St Martins Lane continues to be the hotel I prefer to stay at when in London.	
Nov 9 2005 	Great service but modern to the extreme!	This ultra modern hotel has quirky features such as strange garden gnomes and tooth-shaped (?) stools in the foyer, and weird videos in the lift (which one of our party commented were reminiscent of the video in &quot;The Ring&quot;). Great if you like that sort of thing! The location is of course ideal being a stones throw from Leicester Square.The hotel is very clean and fresh throughout, rooms included, and the decor all modern - with some nice little features such as mood-lighting behind the beds. The corridors are somewhat like a holiday inn type property though!We felt some aspects lack thought - the room lighting, although adjustable, was generally dim so awful for getting ready to go out. There was no bathroom door on our room (which we were informed was generally the case throughout the hotel, although our friends had a door on their twin room). This takes the meaning of &quot;open plan&quot; to the extreme! The mirror is too far from the socket so you can't look when you're doing your hair. The mini bar prices are astronomical (eg, £5 for a small bag of jelly beans or nuts) and there's plenty of stuff in the room you can run up a bill on which is not included in the price. In fact, everything in the room (including the rather odd terracotta pot and plastic plant on the wall) can be purchased for a price! The room we had was very small, our friends' room was slightly bigger. Both had a desk/chair, TV station with mini bar underneath, hanging space in the corridor etc. We felt that for a 5* hotel and for the money we paid, we would have liked more space. The staff are very friendly and can't do enough to help, and there is an excellent range for breakfast with great service - ours was included in the price of room (although we signed for an additional optional service charge).	
Oct 23 2005 	Fabulous! Loved The St Martins Lane	My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in September whilst on a business trip to London.On arrival we were impressed with the overall look of the hotel and found the check in service to be of an excellent standard and very smooth. The hotel lobby was very modern and hip and had a great vibe even during the day.We booked a suite &quot;Room 101&quot; and found it to be of an excellent size compared to the last Schrager hotel suite we stayed in (The Royalton, New York). It was a corner suite with floor to ceiling windows, a sitting area, desk, two tv's one being a 50&quot; that was on wheels so we were able to manouvere it to where we chose. The bathroom was one of the best I have ever seen in a hotel room. A huge stand alone oval bath dominated the room and all the fittings were Phillipe Stark. The lighting of the room had been carefully planned with dimmers on most switches and the lighting above the bed changed colour to suit you mood - fabulous!!The hotel breakfast was good with a wide variety of choice. The hotel bar was great, quite busy with a good atmosphere and a fantastic choice of cocktails.The staff were great and the hotel concierge was really knowledgeable and helpful.We missed the opportunity to eat at the hotels restaurant &quot;Asia de cuba&quot; but we believe that is also an excellent place to eat one of the finest in London.Overall we really enjoyed our experience at this hotel and would not hesistate to recommend it to our friends.	
Oct 7 2005	Fantastic... after a shaky start	We booked the hotel without reading the reviews on here first as it was always somewhere we had wanted to stay for an extravagant weekend break. Felt exhilerated after we finally had done it but then started to read reviews posted by other people and were then scared!From the moment you arrive the lobby gives you a sense of style and oppulence that you would expect from an expensive first class hotel. However, checking in was a different story. The staff were very polite and we were shown to the bar area where we were plied with free drinks as the room was not ready. It turned out however that the room we had booked was no longer available and after an hour and twenty minute wait, we were finally given the keys to our 'upgraded' room which was a nice touch and you'd expect nothing less considering how long we had to wait.The lifts are cool and the room was amazing. Brilliant view and large and the bathroom was fantastic too.The only other downside to the hotel was the fact that the corridors were boiling!Would definately stay there again and have put the check-in incident down to a hiccup!	
Sep 22 2005 	Tired and run-down but definitely hip	I should start off by saying that this hotel isn't half as bad as I had feared. I stayed at the hotel because a client wanted to. The neighborhood surrounding the hotel is great. Surprisingly, I found the staff to be very attentive, friendly and accomodating. My room (I got upgraded to a Superior, I think) wasn't too small (especially by Schrager standards). The room was quiet, with pretty thick walls, which was something I feared.HOWEVER, the hotel is worn down and definitely not very well taken care of. The furnishings in the room, though very modern, seemed like they hadn't been updated in years and years. The TV is a old 13&quot; and hidden in this cabinet that was straight off the discount rack at IKEA. The sheets and towels and bathroom were pretty nice. The desk is really too small to work at and the desk chair was this junky plastic thing that belongs poolside at a 70's era road motel. Don't expect to effectively/comfortably do any work here. The halls seem grimy, but that might just be because they're so dark. The gym is pretty much a joke - there are 2 treadmills and some weights, but I'm not sure anyone has ever done maintenance on any of it. The treadmills (both) squeak and clank, the bikes pedals are bent and the cables on the weight set need oil and maybe replacement. Its a servicable gym, but obviously really only there so the hotel can say they have one, rather than for their guests to really get a good workout. The bar and restaurant are both nice and hopping, so if that's what you're looking for, this may be the right place for you. For me, though, given all the options in London, I won't be staying here again. For example, my experience at the Metropolitan (at Hyde Park Corner), another hip and modern hotel, was much better.	
Sep 19 2005 	If you like a modern design hotel - this is it!	Stayed 5 days and can not personally agree to many of the negative reviews regarding this hotel. Service, staff, ambience, rooms and food are excellent. Although can appreciate if you are used to a very conservative enviroment and old type athmosphere, this is not the place to stay at. Very modern rooms basically in white but very comfortable, with nice and large bathrooms. Fantastic with windows from floor to ceiling giving a great view! Stayed intitially in deluxe studio (room 421) which was wonderful, but due to some maintainance I was upgraded to penthouse for remaining 3 nights. Fantastic room (apartment). I have stayed at many de luxe hotels in London and this is certainly one of them! Will return!	
Sep 18 2005	Not Ian Schrager's Best	Perhaps I'm a bit jaded having stayed at the Royalton in NYC, but I was expecting a similar experience at St. Martin's Lane. The Royalton is everything it is portrayed as in it's pictures posted online, whereas, the pictures of St. Martin's Lane tend to overstate reality. The positives: Excellent bellmen, as stated by others; the female concierge (the male one will be mentioned in the negatives section), the room, and staff in the Light Bar. The negatives: everything else about the 3rd floor, carpet needs serious replacement in the hallway, and no air conditioning, not that I'm expecting AC in London, but at least fresh air, it was stifling; the male concierge was less than helpful. I had purchased some tickets online and was awaiting their arrival at the hotel. Instead of offering to contact the agency to confirm delivery, he wished me &quot;good luck&quot; in contacting the agency myself! If you see a guy at the concierge desk, just keep walking lol. To be honest, for my next visit to London I will try somewhere else.	
Aug 5 2005	pretty good	As a londoner with much travel experience, the wife and i stayed here for a night without kids. Its pretty eclectic and not for the swags and choccy on the pillow crowd but its pretty good. Bloody expensive stuff in the roms but only a fool pays 4 quid for a kit kat . loved the design, fantastic restaurant really nice staff but if you want fawning grinners on the desk..well wrong country buddy !	
Aug 2 2005	Fantastic	Stayed here on two separate occasions during July 2005. I was a bit apprehensive after reading the reviews but thought what the hell!The Staff were very friendly and helpful. The room was just a standard, however it was lovely, very clean and with a decent view.We found nothing negative with this hotel at all and we’re glad we paid a visit.I would recommend it to all and would encourage other guests to post reviews and dispel the negative earlier posts.	
Jul 28 2005 	very nice!	I was afraid after reading all the awful reviews here. But went anyway for a stay of 4 nights in May. I loved almost everything about it. The decor was funny... but the beds, luxurious. I loved coming back to the room after an exhausting day of sightseeing. The showers/bathrooms were wonderful. I had a wonderful view of Trafalgar sqaure. Breakfast was delicious... but yes, very expensive. Especially when traveling with the Dollar. Dinner at Asia de Cuba was one of the best meals I had in London. If you like modern/ simple deisgn and decor, stay. The location can't be beat.	
Jul 28 2005	amazing	believe nothing these strange people write, obviously they stayed in the standard rooms, for standard people. this hotel is amazing, i will recommend it to anyone	
Jul 2 2005	if only the rooms were as nice as the lobby	this is a nice hotel to eat in (asia de cuba) or have a drink, but don't bother staying.  the rooms are small and the furnishings feel flimsy and cheap, although the bathrooms are very nice. don't expect much of a view as most rooms look at a brick wall or offices which are litterally twenty feet away ( expect to be stared at by bored office workers if you leave the curtains open).  i just don't understand why a hotel would have elevators with more thought to their interior design than the thought that went into their guest rooms.  i found the staff to be nice and helpfull but all in all this hotel is dissapointing, usual hip/schraeger/stark hotel problems : great lobby/lousy rooms , hip hard to get into bar/ full of unhip people , more concern of how a place will look when photographed than how well it will function. style over substance.	
Jun 7 2005	Loved St. Martin's Lane!	My husband and I went to London for a week in May and stayed at the St. Martin's Lane Hotel, and we absolutely loved it! The hotel was very modern and fun … not something I’m used to, but I’m very happy that we got the chance to stay there and experience it. St. Martin’s Lane is in an ideal location, we were able to walk to Convent Garden, Leicester Square, Trafalgar Square within minutes. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. Our bellman was able to call down to the front desk and get us an upgraded room, which was fabulous. We would see the doorman daily and they were quite friendly asking about our day and which sites we had seen. The concierge was always helpful and helping us find a place for breakfast, dinner, etc. We also had dinner at the hotel restaurant, which was extremely good and worth the price. I was worried after reading the reviews that they wouldn’t have any toiletries, because a lot reviews noted that EVERYTHING was for sale … not true. They had all the expected hotel toiletries (lotion, shampoo, soap, etc), and in the closet they had some full-size items that could be purchased.	
Jun 6 2005 	Not worth the money...	We stayed at St Martin&quot;s Lane hotel for 4 nights during May 2005. The location of the hotel is good, very close to the most lively places of London. We decided to try the hotel for the name of Philippe Starck as we are fond of him. The experience was not what we hoped for. The rooms are small and inconvenient. We could not find enough room to open our two luggages at the same time. You have to walk around the room several times in order to get prepared to go out. WC and the shower are located on teo opposite sides of the room ! Traveller convenience and comfort is totally ignored. The service quality is average.. Our door lock was broken and we managed to enter into the room only by the help of the staff with the master key. We requested them to fix the door lock next day, but found that nothing has been done the next night when we returned to our room. The same process was repeated again and as we showed our unhappiness, they sent someone to fix the door which lasted around an hour and kept us awake...The restaurant and club at the reception makes the entrance of the hotel very noisy and crowded. You can hardly talk to the guys at the reception during evening hours...	
Jun 1 2005 	Great location ok hotel	I had no problem with the staff, as many other reviewers did. I though the room was more than adequate, with a large bed, decent bathroom (I don't really need a bathtub), and a good desk to work on. The internet rates are ridiculously priced, as is everything in the bar. It is more than a little humorous to see the 'bouncers' posted outside of their generally empty bar. Other than that, I got what I thought was a reasonable rate for a hotel in that location ($290), near a tube stop, and with plenty to do in walking distance. I'd stay again if the price was right... I guess I just don't need the goofy, stylized stuff that seems to be their stock in trade in my hotels.	
Apr 25 2005	Definitely overrated...	My boyfriend and I stayed at St Martins Lane for his birthday and I have to say that it was very disappointing. When we arrived for our check-in, the staff were very cold and our room was in no way ready for us. When we were finally taken to our room after about forty minutes in reception, we opened the door to find a cleaning lady still tidying up which came across as very unprofessional. With such a late check-in time, you would expect the hotel had enough time to get our room ready for us.But the worst part of our stay was the extortionate prices. You are expected to pay £4.50, yes £4.50 for a standard sized Kit Kat bar! And literally everything in our room had a price label marked on it. It made us feel very uncomfortable and definitely made the stay alot less enjoyable. I expected a hotel with it's so called good reputation to have a lot more class.	
Apr 22 2005	A chair would be nie	This hotel takes minimalist to a whole new level of discomfort...minimal space, minimal attention from the staff and not even a chair upon which to sit and lick one's wounds (don't dare open the First Aid kit and reach for a Bandaid/Elastoplast as that will incur a £10 charge) and try to come to terms with how one has been cajoled into paying luxury hotel prices for this mirage...flash over any real furniture....in fairness, the bathroom was nice, although as noted elsewhere there was no tub	
Apr 17 2005	Overrated	St. Martin's Lane provided service and facilities that were far from the 5-star standard. We had a long wait to check in, and when we were finally given a room, it had a shower but no bathtub; when I asked to switch, I was told that very few rooms in the hotel have bathtubs(?), and that nothing else was available. Then, we were handed a room key and directed to the elevator- no bellman was available to help us with our things. The corridor had stained carpet and a musty smell. When we reached our room, it was so small that I could barely turn around. Also, this hotel has a peculiar practice of filling its hotel rooms with things to buy- for example, there was a city guide of London in shrinkwrap on a shelf in the room. If you open it, you have purchased it and owe 20 or 30 pounds. The same was true of the shampoo in the bathroom. Instead of a small (free) sample-size, they have full sized shampoo, and if you open it, you have bought it (it will be added to your bill). In all, this hotel provides an atmosphere that is uncomfortable and ungracious. The only thing to recommend it is its location.I will not stay there again.	
Apr 5 2005	It ws very Cool....	I went here for my birthday a while ago... and was in absolute awe of the place. It was a birthday surprise, and I didn't even realise I was in a hotel until we were in the corridor for our room... the reception is surreal!!We had a suite, and if you want something different this is definatley the place to go! The bathrooms are huge, and the lighting systems are an activity in themselves, we spent ages playing to change the whole colour of the room (everything is white, except for a tube of lighting tucked above the bed which can be adjusted to go through the whole light spectrum!)The only thing I would say is that the staff are for too quick to come into your room, even with the do not disturb sign on the door... you have been warned!Staying there is a great experience!	
Mar 29 2005	Nice hotel but a bit odd!	We booked the St.Martins Lane through Last Minute dot com and got a standard queen room with english breakfast. On arrival you are greeted by doormen that look more like models, the reception is all very very modern, Salvador Dali type furniture that looks extremely uncomfortable! The reception staff were most helpful and friendly. The lifts are odd, you feel like you are on acid, they are quite dark with small plasma screens with arty clips showing on them. This isn't a negative thing, just a bit strange! At first we thought it strange that the rooms didn't have the door numbers on but then realised they were in the carpet on the floor! Our room was lovely, all white decor and accesories, even had a treadmill in the room leading to the bathroom. Bathroom was also nice - clean and smart, only thing was that we only had a shower and not a bath. We were situated at the back of the hotel had a pleasent view just overlooking other buildings, it was nice and light. I wouldn't say the room was 5 star and yes everything in the room does have a price list! The mood enhancing light is a nice touch though :o)We didn't eat in Asia de Cuba but did spend the later part of the evening in The Light Bar which was pretty good for a hotel bar. Extremely expensive though and after paying £12.50 per cocktail was surprised to find that we got charged £3.50 service charge for the waitress to bring it to the table from the bar! The hotel is strict on residents only in the bar past 11pm so it emptied out a bit for a while.Breakfast in the morning was excellent, lovely continential selection and huge english breakfast, staff were attentive and on the ball. Not so keen on the resturant itself, thought it odd looking, I suppose it's meant to be really arty!All in all a good stay, don't think I'd stay again only because there's so many other London hotels I want to try but would recommend it.	
Mar 24 2005	good professional staff	We stayed here for two nights this month (March). This is not the sort of hotel we would normally choose -we usually stay at the much more traditional Claridges or The Capital, but we fancied a change and on the whole we were impressed.We stayed in one of their larger rooms which seemed even larger because of the minimalist decor - everything was white or cream or perspex. The bed was very comfortable and my wife and I both slept very well which is quite unusual for us in hotels. Everything was very clean and the bathroom was spacious and well equiped. I agree with a previous reviewer about everything in the room seeming tobe for sale including the ,usually free, sewing kit £3 !!!!!!The staff were uniformly cheerful, friendly and professional, possibly the best we have come across, although as we had no problems we never really put them to the test.We dined once in the Asia de Cuba restaurant which is large and on the Tuesday night that we ate there very busy. We enjoyed our meal and again service was excellent.By contrast the cooked english breakfast was very poor and had clearly been cooked long before I ordered it (it arrived about a minute after I placed the order.)	
Mar 20 2005	Over priced stylish but no substance	We stayed at the St Martins for the second time in September 2004.Well what a difference two years make. The rooms and corridors are now tatty, the staff treat you as if you are lucky to be there, we waited 20 minutes to check in - not because of a queue but because their IT system was down, then we couldn't get into the room and had to go back to reception and guess what, there was no one available to let us into our room and would we mind waiting. I have been involved in the hotel trade and it seems to me that this hotel has put too much emphasis on style (now rapidly fading) and not enough emphasis on what makes a hotel great - friendly, efficient, seemless service	
Jan 4 2005	Preferred it to The Sanderson	We preferred St Martins Lane to its sister, The Sanderson. The bathroom was much more comfortable and spacious, the staff friendlier and more helpful, and the breakfast (and surroundings) infinitely better.We stayed for New Years Eve, and had the unexpected bonus of a room with a view of the London Eye – so we could watch the fireworks over a bottle of champagne.The only minor quibble was that mentioned elsewhere – the corridors are stuffy and the stained carpet not great. But as most guests probably spend 0.01% of their stay in the corridors, it's hardly worth crying about!	
Dec 31 2004	Good location....	Our taxi driver had a problem finding this hotel and had to ask 2 other drivers before finally finding it! Can see why when we got there as no name outside just a mainly glass building with a revolving door. Apart from that the hotel was very nice. The staff were very courteous and helpful and not at all stuck-up as in some hotels we've stayed in. Walking along the corridors to find our room was a weird experience as no natural light so it felt a bit like an indoor maze but the room was beautiful with floor to ceiling windows. Only other complaint was that it seemed as if everything was for sale in the room with price lists next to many objects but the beds were very comfortable and the mood lighting entertained my daughter for ages! Overall the location is excellent for covent garden and leicester square and whilst not my favourite hotel it was an experience that i would repeat.	
Nov 5 2004	Funky functional great location breakfast service leaves a little to desire	A very nice place. Clean hotel. Easy check-in. Wireless internet. Great location for all of london. I've been several times and this was one of the better locations. You must love yellow and white.It is hard to find. One way streets make it difficult to get there on your first try.Breakfast service is a little slow. I was there for several days and most, not all, days I had to ask for things ... like coffee ... a couple of times to have it arrive.	
Oct 18 2004	all mouth and no trousers	DisappointedI wandered the corridors for some time looking for my room number...ahh, they're on the (multi-stained) carpet, of course!?!lower level rooms are subjected to considerable noise from the Light Bar 'til 3am (had to seek out a member of staff to be seated, waited 10 minutes to order a drink and left thirsty) okay, so it's in the perfect location, it's strikingly beautiful, the staff are terribly friendly and obliging, and you really should eat at Asia de Cuba...food and service both faultless (try the prawns in pesto appetizer...Dear God!!), but I work in IT and I reckon I could knock up a design for a walk-in shower that doesn't flood the bathroom and a tap you can turn off with wet hands (and I thought clever design was about functionality?!)...and I never did work how to get the plug into the hole in the basin?!!it's all just a bit cryptic. The Thistle around the corner may not have a virtual aquarium, but they do have much better facilities for half the price and will see my money next timeNo offence Mr Starck...you still make a smashing ashtray ;) (I did leave the above feedback[in spite of there being no mechanism in place for collecting feedback?!] but have had no response).	
Oct 11 2004	loved it	i have to say i loved every minute of it :)while in the uk stayed at sanderson, and decided to have a stroll to st martins to see what it was like, prepared for the worst after all the bad reviews....and suprise suprise - it is an awesome hotel.even did the room check. spotlessly clean rooms, good size.so took the plunge and booked in to stay.everything was perfect, upgraded room to a double double, friendly staff everywhere from housekeeping to reception, the light bar was packed with a dj playing and the crowd dancing.fantastic restaurant &amp; breakfast.in fact the sanderson was great, everything i thought it would be - but it was st martins that suprised me. next time in london this is where i'll be staying again, ignore the bad reviews and try it - best time i'd had in london for a long time :)	
Aug 20 2004	Good but the small details need work	While this hotel is stunning on arrival, a lot of the small things are lacking. The staff were very friendly and the breakfast excellent (though extremely expensive), and the video art in the lift is novel. But the carpet in the hall was heavily stained and room itself was very small, as was the TV in the room, which was in an old style cabinet (with an even older video) which appeared dumped in the corner of the room and not in keeping with the room as a whole. To boot, the door of the cabinet would not stay open and kept closing - which is not good if you are watching TV. As well there was only a small amount of channels . I found the aircon very noisey at night too. But the most annoying thing was samples of all the products in the room that were for sale, including hotel souvenirs like baseball hats. When being charged this amount fora room you dont expect it the room itself to be used as a shop window	
Jun 17 2004	A Haven in the Heart of the City		
Apr 10 2004	Way too hip for me....		
Mar 21 2004	Interesting but too expensive		
Dec 6 2003	Not what we expected		
Oct 12 2003	misleading		
Sep 15 2003	Far too expensive		
Sep 3 2003	The Hip Factor is gone		
Jul 24 2003	Overrated not recommended		
Feb 23 2003	Great location!		
May 29 2002	Absolutely Fabulous		
Nov 10 2009 	hôtel bien situé		
Oct 6 2009 	???????????		
Sep 16 2009 	Y séjourner au moins une fois dans sa vie... puis se faire une opinion !		
Sep 5 2009 	???????????????????		
Aug 26 2009 	Hotel di design...bello e divertente!!!		
Aug 6 2009 	Hôtel design très bien situé		
Mar 16 2009 	Semplicemente magnifico		
Mar 13 2009 	Tres tres bien situe et en tous points agreable		
Nov 13 2008 	Los detalles de las habitaciones son sensacionales.		
Sep 23 2008 	exceptionnel		
