	Good Value and not too far from central London	This was my second stay here. £109 but booked late, the day before when there was limited availability or astronomical costs in central London.As a tourist hotel it's not an ideal location because the surrounding area is a bit drab. However, its only a short walk from West Brompton or Fulham Broadway tube stations which are only about 5 stops out of central London. In a different location this would be a nice hotel. Staff were friendly and efficient. Rooms are standard HIX. Breakfast is reasonable with toast and pastries, fruit, yogurts etc.Surrounding area looks dubious but there are a lot of nearby restaurants including a next door Turkish and a Vegetarian across the road. Allmost every other type of food is within a 10 min walk. Try the area around Fulham Broadway tube for a huge choice of pubs, Fridays, Starbucks, Nandos, supermarkets and cinemas etc all open late.Parking was about £25 per night. This was a business trip and if I used it personally I'd be looking for a better price so book ahead. Otherwise, as a value alternative to central London it could be a good choice.	
	Perfect choice if you are looking for a real quality standard	Though it takes time to reach Oxford street from West Brompton tube station, it is worth staying here, as you will forget that you ever stayed at a creepy so-called 3 star hotel somewhere near Paddington. This Holiday Inn is really ok - one of the best hotels in London I've ever stayed - and I have to note that I am never willing to pay more than 70 pounds/night	
Nov 12 2009 	Bad Location (if you need to be in Shopping District)	Long way from heathrow, long way from city center. Avg. hotel - no free wifi (like Holiday Inn in N. America), rooms avg. Worth it if you get really good price, if not, better hotels similarly priced in central London.	
Nov 9 2009 	A bland hotel in a bland neighborhood with bland rooms	What a total waste of space, not that there is anything bad to say about the building, it is a question of location, and lack of any effort by the staff that bothers me. After a long overnight flight, was told I couldn't check in till 2 PM. Internet was 15 Pounds ($23.00) a day and didn't work for the first day I was there , no one seemed to care Not a single person at the front desk spoke english well ( I am not xenophobic, but i work in New Delhi and Mexico City a lot and it is much easier to talk to the people at the reception desks there than here) I Finally made it to my room, a drab bland beige with a few slashes of red ( think Dorm Room meets CSI) 1 towel a paper towel placed in a card board box labeled face cloth and soap jusgs screwed into the walls are what are offered as toiletries ( at 210 a night one would expect at least a bar of soap) My general advice is DON'T BOTHER	
Oct 23 2009 	Holiday Inn Express	I recently stayed at the Holiday Inn Earls Court, my job requires me to travel on a regular basis and i enjoy taking advantage of the priority club system that is place at Express hotels. I arrived tired and wanting to shower!! i was very aware that check in was not until 2pm and with me arriving at just after 11am i was prepared for a long wait! However on check in i did ask if i could check in early and was asked to wait for a short while, i did so, the lobby was clean bright and the staff friendly- offering me a hot beverage. Within 20 mins a room was ready for me and i made my way upstairs, As i mentioned i was travelling for work! and i am used to paying high charges to access the internet in london hotels. This hotel has a perfect package- you pay a set price and this includes your wifi card and also a drinks dicounts or free car parking! Excellent! Overall my stay was fine, yes it is a small hotel - but if i wanted grand hotels i wouldn't be paying the rate i did at Earls Court, breakfast was good- plenty of choice to keep you full until lunch time! and and i bus service from outside the front door going straight into central london.. Could you ask for more?? i think not!	
Oct 10 2009 	Good if you buy at a bargain	My title is the ultimate way to describe this review: if you are able to get a room at this hotel at a bargain price, it will serve you well. If you are not able to get a room at a bargain, look elsewhere. I will make my typical list of pros and cons:Pros:*We arrived at the hotel very early due to our long haul flight arriving at Gatwick very early. The desk clerk offered to lock our luggage away so that we could go out but we were all so tired that there was no way we had even the faintest energy to make a sightseeing walk. They allowed us to sit in the lobby to rest and after an hour or so, they had a room ready for us. So I feel that I have to give great praise to the front desk clerk for getting a room together for us five hours before the official check-in time. I will always be grateful for that.*We were given rooms with twin-sized beds so everyone had her own bed to sleep in, which is nice after you have been crammed on a plane together and need some personal space. *The bathroom has Dove hand soap and Lux shampoo/body wash. The products were great and saved us some money on toiletries. *A continental breakfast is provided each morning for 3 or 4 hours.*There is a pay phone in the lobby. *The room includes a hair dryer and coffee maker. Cons:*We frequently felt like we were not given enough supplies by the maid and had to beg for more at the front desk and this became massively inconvenient. We ran out of towels, soap and kleenex multiple times. *The trash cans in the room were tiny. If you throw any amount of garbage away, the cans are full.*We expected the rooms to be small and I would say they are on par with what you find in Manhattan. The rooms have modern furnishings but you will be in for a tight squeeze.*The bathroom floor was very slippery, as was the shower stall itself. In fairness, the hotel does have a placard up in the bathroom to warn people just how slippery the surfaces are. I learned this the hard way as the first morning in the room, my klutzy tendencies caught up with me and I took a bad fall in the shower. So be careful in the bathroom!*The electricity will not work if your room key is not in the slot by the door. I am sure this is a good economical move for the hotel but we didn't care for it much. If one person needs to leave the room with the room key and someone else needs to stay behind, it becomes (yet again) massively inconvenient. *The AC/heat unit in our room made loud rattling and gurgling noises ALL NIGHT every night and this was pretty annoying. We also felt like there was no happy medium-- regardless of how the thermostat was set, it was either roasting hot or freezing cold. *As minor and fussy as it sounds, there's no layering of blankets on the bed. You get one comforter that is tucked in so tightly you feel like a burrito and that's it. So if the comforter is too hot, you have nothing else to cover up with. You get one pillow, too, so you had better learn how to fold it up if you are not a 100% flat sleeper. *The mattress was horrible. I ached every morning and I am only 28! I described it as feeling like chicken wire that had been wrapped in Polyfil covering. *The &quot;business center&quot; has only 2 computers. In order to use the internet, you have to buy time by the hour from the front desk. There is no printer. If you want to print documents, you must email your documents to the front desk and ask for them to be printed off there. Seems like furnishing that area with a printer would help things greatly. *The breakfast area can get very crowded and very loud on any given morning. The selection of items is not terrible but it's not great either. It's the typical cold food selections of pastries, cheese, yogurt, cereal, coffee, tea and juice. A toaster was provided and I would say that trying to toast two pieces of bread involved a wait of 10 minutes or so. There was a morning when the staff ran out of clean spoons and I thought we were all going to witness a mutiny. *After a certain hour of the night, the automatic doors are locked. If your trip will involve coming in late or needing to leave very early, you will have to contend with this. The security guard will have to buzz you in and if your hands are full or you are carrying heavy luggage, this will become a pain. It's even worse if it's pouring down rain on you. *The hotel is close to a couple of different tube stations, each being maybe a five or ten minute walk depending on your pace. We never felt unsafe but I will say that after a certain hour, the sidewalks roll up and everything is closed. The only people left lingering around after, say, 9pm start to look questionable. With all things considered, we booked the hotel at a fabulous price. If you are looking for total luxury or a romantic getaway, this is not the place for you. If you are like us and traveling to a very expensive city on a tight budget, you should definitely consider this hotel.	
Oct 1 2009 	Basic hotel friendly efficient staff.	I chose this hotel only because of it's proximity to Earl's Court. The room was fine but reflected the cheap price in it's lack of extras. Breakfast is little more than coffee, cereal and pastries and the bar is soulless. However the staff were very nice and helpful. The area seems a bit dodgy at first and I was a little nervous walking about on my own (particularly when Chelsea F.C. were playing - burly-looking fans and police vans everywhere) and unlike the other side of Earl's Court where there are dozens of well-known retaurants and shops to chose from, there seems little choice. however after a couple of days I realised that although the street seems run-down, the people we met were very friendly. We went to the Turkish restaurant next door 3 nights in a row! The food was fantastic, the staff welcoming and it is very cheap. Highly recommended. A refreshing change from the usual over-priced restaurant chains in the &quot;nicer&quot; areas. Also a brilliant old-fashioned hardware store opposite for anyone who has forgotten supplies for the exhibition. Not sure if i'll stay here again, but not the worst option in the area.	
Sep 24 2009 	Very welcoming great value and service! Will definitely come back.	I stayed here for 5 nights and thoroughly enjoyed my stay. For London, the rooms are a good size, as is the bathroom. It was spotlessly clean and very nicely decorated. The service at the front desk was outstanding; the staff was efficient, friendly and helpful. The breakfast was very good for a continental type breakfast, offering yogurt, toast, fresh baked pastries, juices, coffee, tea, cappuccino, latte, hot choc, fruit, cereals inc muesli, etc. The food was constantly replenished and the staff was friendly and efficient. There is a bar and lounge on the ground floor, where you can relax, use the internet or watch the news. In the evening, they had movies on that you could watch. Very comfortable.The location is described as Earl's Court but is closer to the West Kensington tube stop. It is about a 5 min. walk to the tube, although there are frequent buses that take you there, including at night. It takes about 40 mins to get to the airport on the Picadilly line, and about the same to get to Central London. I was a solo traveler some of the time, and felt very safe in the neighborhood. The amenities are pretty basic, but suited my needs very well. If you need anything extra, in terms of toiletries, iron/ironing board, umbrella, these things are all available. The one time I needed something delivered to the room, it was there within 3 minutes. The only thing I missed was a mini-fridge in the room.Overall, I was extremely happy with this hotel, and given that I had gotten an excellent rate through Hotwire, even better. Will be back!	
Sep 10 2009 	You can do better if you use holiday inns - much better	The Hotel - is a shiny new hotel in a modern style with typical rooms, bar and breakfast for a holiday inn. It is however a good mile and a bit from Earls Court entrance and speaking as a man who regularly walks the back streets of London at night, this isn't one I want to go back to. The streets are too quiet or frequented by the sort of people you have nothing to discuss, seriously, it's not pleasant after dark.Food outlets in the area are a rip off and prey on tourists with no prices displayed wuite often and the one I did use was average quality, top price and not overly clean.There are NO buses from the road outside into the west end, get to Kensington and change but it is close to Notting Hill and I guess 2 miles walk to the museums.At the £90 I paid, it was expensive, even without using Hotwire, you can do much better for the same money or a few pounds more.Not a fan - not going back	
Aug 29 2009 	Excellent Hotel in excellent location	Stayed for 10 nights in August in a non-smoking room, which was very clean and comfortable. The service in the hotel was excellent and the breakfast was satisfactory. Could reach many attraction in Central London by foot. Also there are bus and tube stations in 5 minutes walk. The neighborhood was quiet with many small shops and restaurants. We'll definitely come again in our next time in London.	
Aug 14 2009 	Ideal hotel for location and value for money	Stayed here with my ten year old daughter for 2 nights In Ausgust. I wanted somewhere in a safe location since I was a femaile on her own with a child and also not too far from all the attractions . Paid £119 for 2 nights through my empolyer's staff discount website which I thought was excellent value for London In Ausgust. The hotel was easy to find- you can either use West Kensington or West Brompton Tube Stations. I do like Holiday Inn Express hotels as they are good value and provide me with what I want from a hotel- somewhere clean to rest my head and a good shower. The breakfasts are also a bonus though I must admitt the choice at thisone wasn't as good as the Dunfermline Hol Inn Express I had stayed in the week before but we didn't leave hungry! Staff were friendly and we didn't have any problems wuth our personal belongings. Our room was serviced whilst we were out and everything was still there when we got back. There is air con as the windows don't open and we did find ourselves switching it on and off as one minute we were hot and the next cold There is a few restuarants nearby and a Tesco Express so if you need anything you won't go without. My daughter and I felt safe but the latest we were out was about 9pm. We paid £4 for the use of WIFI which did extend to the hotel rooms. This £4 covered us for 2 hours and this could be used within a 72hr period. Good nail bar round the corner where we treated ourselves to a manicure since we were on a girly trip!On the whole I would definitely stay here again - provides a good value base for exploring London. We loved the Westfield Shopping Centre at Shepherds Bush which is only 5 mins on the overground train from West Brompton tubestation- they run every half hour there.	
Aug 11 2009 	Fantastic Hotwire value	I stayed for four nights at a less than $50/night Hotwire rate. Priceless. Within easy walking distance of West Kensington tube station on the District line (change between Piccadilly and District Line at Acton when going to Heathrow; get off at Embankment for easy stroll to theatres), spotless, perfectly adequate continental breakfast. The service depended on who was staffing the desk, some were very helpful and friendly, some struggled with English, one male staff member whom I dealt with on the phone was plain rude. The room and bathroom were cookie cutter Holiday Inn Express: no frills, very functional, spotless. As a solo female traveller I never felt unsafe; the hotel is next to a council estate group of apartment blocks, so it is definitely not South Kensington, but I found the neighbourhood busy and friendly, and I got great service at a local Carphone shop which was recommended by the hotel staff when I asked where I could get a local SIM card. As for leaving valuables in my room? I don't. The staff were perfectly happy to keep my valuables in the hotel safe, at no extra charge. Would I stay again? Definitely.	
Jul 31 2009 	Location is poor especially for a single woman	I tried booking the Holiday Inn Cromwell Road, my favorite, but it was booked, so HI Reservation Desk recommend HIE Earls Court: I felt VERY uncomfortable in the area, especially alone at night. Also, paper face cloths? I checked out into another hotel even at the cost of losing the non-refundable deposit.	
Jul 24 2009 	Good residence for exploring London	We are a family of 5, facing the fact that families should only consist of two grown-ups and two childrens. Anyway, this hotel gave oss two rooms connected to each other, and we where quite satisfied.Notice the smart solution by using the door in different ways in the bathroom/toilet...We quite agree with others reviewers here.Suggested improvement shoud be internet access and some more varied sandwich spread at breakfast.We would recommend this hotel and tip you to buy Londonpass with travelcard for exploring London.	
Jul 23 2009 	Less that expectations	We booked this hotel after we found that there was no availability at the Swiss Cottage Holiday Inn Express. The check in was smooth as in the case of all Holiday Inns.The room was of ok size. One light in the bathroom was not working. We informed the reception about it and they said they would send someone later on. But the person never arrived.The Internet wireless service was again just ok - it was double the price of the Internet cafes - but that was fine. However, many times it failed to start after we had logged off. If you need it for a lesser time, its better to go to the Internet cafes - there are a couple up the North End road.Our main concern was on the security of our belongings - especially after reading the review on stolen goods. We ensured that the room was serviced only when were in the room. Although even in our presence, the people cleaning the room did not hesitate to touch my wife's jewelery. The breakfast was again ok and not better than other Holiday inns. The check out took some time because the person handling it initially was a trainee and she couldn't manage my credit card.Finally, we got no support for our non-functioning travel adapter - we ourselves managed to get it working somehow, thankfully.Overall, an average hotel.	
Jul 19 2009 	More than I expected	I booked this room through hotwire. I got the room for $65.00 a night. About a month after I booked the room I received an e-mail from hotwire with a $100 credit because they downgraded this hotel from a 3 to 2.5 star. Needless to say....I was concerned.Check in was a breeze...the hotel is modern, clean and the room was small but had a good layout. It was quiet and we were comfortable.The breakfast was nicer than other HI Expresses that I have stayed at. They had croissants, choc croissants, bagels, toast, various pastries...cereals, fresh fruit, cheese, yogurt...juices and coffee items. The area is safe but I was told by my London friends not to venture onto the side roads...there is no need to....the W. Kensington tube station is a 5 minute walk...not much in dining in the area but one stop up on the tube and you are at Earl's Court....which has tons of dining options.Would I stay here again.....yes....absolutely	
Jul 18 2009 	A Good Old Typical Holiday Inn Express	I stopped in this hotel as my normal West London hotel was full; I understand the Holiday Inn chain well and stop in many of them. The hotel is not in the best place in town, but this it is compensated for by having some very interesting local ethnic restaurants that offer great food.The hotel is on a bus route from Earls Court tube station (which is only 10 min’s walk any way) and is very easy to find.As for the hotel, clean, welcoming, simple continental breakfast and well “a typical Holiday Inn Express”.	
Jul 8 2009 	The worst experience!	When we found this hotel and read the hotel reviews, we were happy, as it is difficult to find an accommodation at a reasonable price in London. At first, the rooms seemed decent, the breakfast was all right and the staff seemed friendly.However, returning into our room the next day we discovered that our suitcases are open and the clothes that were placed deep inside are on the floor. We immediately went to the reception to ask what is going on. On the reception we met another couple arguing with the hotel staff. The guests were complaining that someone stole their brand new shoes, perfumes and some other personal belongings, while the staff was assuring them it could not happen.Back in the room, we discovered that all our perfumes, crèmes, deodorants and after-shave balms are gone, as well as an expensive manicure set and my little brother’s photo camera. We went to the reception again and were told that it is the first case in the hotel. The staff said nothing about the couple that has been robbed the same day.When we told that we are going to call the Police, the staff at reception answered that Police is not interested in such cases and “it is not the priority, but you may call if you want”. We also were told that next morning we can speak with the management. The receptionist also tried to make us believe nobody entered our room (if so, who cleaned it and made the beds?).Next morning the manager spoke with us in a separate room so that nobody could see that we were robbed. He started his talk with us with the words “it is not the cleaning service” and “we’ll do what we can do”. He also told that we were in the room during the cleaning, and that was not true. We tried to explain the situation (we did not have extra 600 pounds to buy all the things that were stolen), but the manager told they are not responsible for anything you leave in the room. Not only valuables – they are not responsible for your clothes, your perfume or your suitcases.The manager also told that we should be quiet and that we are not allowed to tell other hotel guests about this. When I told that the customers deserve to know that a thief is operating in the hotel, and that I’d like to make everybody aware, he answered “Tell whatever you want!” However, when we made an announcement during breakfast, the hotel staff came to us and told we are not supposed to tell anyone in the hotel about the theft. The people who made the first report to the Police were told the same thing.However, the Police was interested, as two thefts in one day do not look like a coincidence. The case is still in progress, but for sure we will never come back and never recommend the hotel to anyone. Actually, we could find a hotel two times more expensive – and still save on buying new things instead of those that were stolen in the Express by Holiday Inn hotel in Earl’s Court. Also, the staff demonstrated that they do not believe us all the time and the only person who has been supportive was the Police officer who told that the hotel staff has no right to behave this way with the customers.Please, be careful staying in this hotel and make sure you have all the things you don’t want to be stolen with you all the time, as the hotel is not responsible for anything left in the rooms!	
Jul 6 2009 	clean no thrills hotel but not in great area	This is a typical modern Holiday Inn Express on 6 floors. Our room on was a comfortable twin and was small to medium size, clean, with TV including some pay film channels and radio channels. The room was air conditioned (although I had to move rooms twice before finding a room with working AC. The management asured me this was not normal). Bathroom only had a shower, no bath, and was clean and tidy. The pillows provided on the beds were comfortable but thin. Ask reception for extra pillows if you like more pillow height, but ask as soon as you get there, as when I was there, they ran out of extra pillows - obviously most people thought the same as me!The hotel is on quite a busy road and the rooms have double glazing and kept the rooms quiet. Its not the best of area, with a good few fast food places (quite a few Turkish food outlets) but I never felt unsafe.Transport: There is a tube station about 10 min walk away and a bus stop about 2 mins away. There is also onsite parking at the hotel at around £15 per day.The hotel is close to the Earls Court exhibition halls.Breakfast is a good continental style of cerals, juice, coffee, toast, james, fruit, pastries, etc.	
Jun 30 2009 	Great bargain and a thoughtful staff	We recently decided to take two of our grandsons (10 and 12) to visit London. Due to there ages, we decided to book two rooms. Found a tremendous rate (a bit over $50 US dollars for each room) on line. Although locations of the room were not guaranteed, I emailed the hotel a week prior to our arrival and requested connecting rooms. Upon arrival, we were booked into a very nice pair of connecting rooms. By US standards, the rooms were small but we expected that. However, the rooms were well equipped (coffee and tea, soap and shampoo, etc.) and very clean. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The breakfast buffet was bountiful which was a godsend with a couple of pre-teens. Saved a fortune on food. It wasn't fancy, and certainly not typical British fare, but perfect for kids. We found plenty to eat also.The number of ethnic restaurants within a to minute walk is remarkable, Unfortunately, our grandchildren zeroed in on the fish and chip, pizza, and chicken establishments (of which there are many.) The neighborhood is a little &quot;rough around the edges&quot; but we never felt unsafe.The area is really convenient due to the number of subway and bus stops. We used the West Kensington stop nearly every day because it is on the District line which is quite convenient for most tourist destinations. One thing I wished someone would have told me before I bought Oyster cards for the kids is that you don't need them for children under 11 as long as they accompany an adult who does have an Oyster card. In addition, the older grandson could travel all day on a one pound voucher as long as he was with us. If you are traveling with kids, get an Oyster card for yourself and check on the age limits for free and subsidized travel for the kids.Overall, an extremely enjoyable stay. Plan to return in the future.	
Jun 23 2009 	An absolute steal on Hotwire for $49 a night....	My Wife and I recently stayed at the Holiday Inn Express Earls Court for 2 nights as part of a long London weekend celebrating our 10th Wedding Anniversary.We booked through Hotwire and paid just $49 +fees a night ($63 total so about £42) which was a Friday and Saturday night and in London, a bargain in my opinion. Its interesting reading how much others have paid, and I must admit it does scare me that people are willing to pay £100+ for a Holiday Inn Express. I would always recommend looking on Hotwire first and with the help of Better Bidding, you should be able to determine which property you are likely to be offered.Anyway, we were happy with £42 anywhere in London but to get the Holiday Inn Express in Earls Court made us even happier. Despite some indifferent comments below about transport links, this really is a decent place to stay. West Brompton tube station is about 7 mins walk away, and if you can't be bothered to walk it, a bus stop is just around the corner from the hotel which will whisk you towards the station (and beyond to Earls Court and further) in minutes. Great location.Check in was slowish, not helped by two ladies querying a bill (they had also paid £100+ a night from what I gather!!!) but once that was sorted we were checked in and off to our room. The lifts are quick, and look out onto the street below which is fun thing.The room was small, which is par for the course for London really. It was modern, had a nice firm double bed and a sofa bed as well. The bathroom was very clean, with a seperate toilet area/door to the shower and sink. Very nice.Breakfast was included which is always the case at Holiday Inn Express. Its a continental breakfast with lots of bread, rolls, yoghurts, muffins, cereal and juices/hot drinks and is a lovely way to start the day. The staff are very attentive and are always stocking up items that are running low. One word of warning, try and avoid 9am-10am which seems to be the busiest time for breakfast, where despite there being lots of tables, they do fill up very quickly. We had to go back to our room the second morning and come down again later as it was so busy.Location I have already mentioned especially for transportation links. It is worth pointing out that there are countless newsagents, fast food restaurants, full service restaurants and pubs within a short walk away. Alternatively, hop on a bus to Earls Court (or even walk it) and along the road (Earls Court Road) near the station there are countless options also including an O'Neills, which despite being a chain, does offer very cheap food all day.I really don't think you can go wrong with this hotel, and although it is slightly out of central London most areas can be reached fairly quickly by bus or tube. Victoria for example is just 12mins, once you get to West Brompton and hop on a train.I would definitely try and see if you can get the hotel via Hotwire and save a bundle. The rack rates and prices quoted on other reviews are very steep and I don't think the hotel would be such a good option at those prices, however, this is London...nothing is cheap, well apart from some excellent museums.I really have nothing negative to say about the hotel at all. Staff, location, room, breakfast etc, all first class, and I would certainly consider the property again on my next visit to London.	
Jun 16 2009 	Perfect for my needs	While I agree that Earl's Court is not centrally located, it's not inconvenient by any means. There are two tube stations within walking distance and a bus that stops in front. The neighborhood is very down to earth. Restaurants and pubs of every type are located within walking distance. Everything from Middle Eastern, to Italian, to Spanish and Ethiopian Food. During the day there is a minimarket south on North End Road where the banks are located.The staff was extremely friendly and accomodating. Special thanks to the friendly Night/Early Morning desk manager who negotiated an airport cab rate on our behalf and argued for us when the cabby tried to state a different price. Special thanks to the weeknight security guard who was extremerly friendly and always had to let us in at off hours.The room was nice, clean, and soundproof.The free continental breakfast was decent but I loved it because it was free! They provided, fresh grapefruit, peaches, various kinds of yogurt, cold cereal, two types of cheeses, various juices, plain and chocolate crossaints, prepacked chocolate and blueberry muffins, white and wheat bread for toast, various jams and butter, and coffee, tea, and various fruit juices. The staff was always on the ball and you never had to wait long for them to put out fresh dishes or food.Internet access is a bit steep. 4 pounds for 30 mins, 6 pounds for 4 hours, and 15 pounds for the whole day.This hotel was perfect for my needs.	
Jun 8 2009 	Average hotel. Slightly over priced	The hotel is a standard Express Holiday Inn. Clean room, small to mid size. The hotel was ok overall but I just felt it's slightly overprice (100+ pounds for a nyt). I would recommand this hotel if you can get a rate of 50-70 pounds a nyt, if you pay more than you probably won't get what u paid for.Details:You need to change at West Kensignton tube then turn left and walk for 5-10 minutes. West kensignton is hard to get to even if you use District line. Get ready for lots of walking and climbing stairs if you stay in this hotel. - 40 minutes to Heathrow- 30 minutes to King Cross(+)- Clean Room- Good room services- Fast internet (but expensive).(-)- Expensive-Internet charges 15 pounds a day (but it's fast)- breakfast is way worse than other Holiday Inn ( you can't find fresh stuff)- Location: it's far from the city with very bad connections. - The area is nice but not the best- The light in the bed makes annoying noise if you turn it off (the noise will continue for half an hour at least)- The air condintioning is silly and make some strange sounds the room is either cold or hot- You CANT open the windowsI would recommend this hotel to a friend only if they can get it cheaper than 70 pounds a nyt. if more then it's not worth it.	
Jun 3 2009 	Would definitely come back!	While not centrally located, there is a tube station only a few minutes walk away. Another reviewer remarked about the area of town, but my boyfriend and I didn't think it was terrible or scary. We walked back one night near midnight and weren't bothered.There are a number of pubs and restaurants within walking distance, as well as pharmacies and convenience stores to stock up on water or sodas. There is also an internet cafe a few blocks down that I recommend using over the hotel's internet. It's only £1 for an hour as opposed to the hotel's £4 for 30 mins.Our room was clean and the bed comfortable. It was very quiet. The breakfast was adequate and the staff kept it well stocked.The minor drawback would be the cost for using the internet and the phones. They wanted to charge us £20 to activate the phone lines to make a single local call. We just used the payphone a block over instead.	
Apr 22 2009 	Loved over all experience	It was nice experience staying at holiday in hotel group.their service was nice and prompt...two of us shared the room. we went there for our business trip to london....	
Apr 21 2009 	Great stay good location - very clean 	We paid $58/nt on Hotwire for this little hotel and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay there. We were there for 5nts in the end of March and one night before our return flight home in mid-April.The hotel is in zone 2, so it's a little out of the way and about a 5-7min walk from the West Kensington tube station (just turn left directly out of the tube station and head straight until you see the hotel on your left) in what appeared to be a fairly safe, but definitely not &quot;picturesque&quot; part of London. However, for the price it was fantastic - VERY clean and tidy, comfortable beds, good water pressure, very capable heating &amp; A/C, spacious enough rooms (especially for London), reasonably quiet at night (never heard the other guests, just occasional street noise if the window was open) and a good continental breakfast with cereals, canned fruit, yogurt, cheeses, juice, coffee, milk, pastries, muffins, apples, toast, selection of teas and rolls - even pre-wrapped muffins if you were in a rush (served from 7-10am). In the end though, the thing we liked the most about this hotel was that is was surrounded by a series of good cheap food options (which seemed very hard to come by in other parts of London) including a Tesco, Greggs, decent Thai place (Ta-Krai), very good Turkish restaurant (Best Mangal), and plenty fish &amp; chip shops just on the walk from the tube to the hotel - many more places past the hotel. The West Kensington station is nice &amp; quiet, and only has one short flight of stairs. If you're coming with luggage I would recommend transferring at Hammersmith (just walk across the platform). The hotel staff were friendly, a little less knowledgeable then desired about the area, but everything was pretty straight forward and check-in &amp; out was very simple. Other &quot;extras&quot; included an ice machine in the lobby (but only cups for ice, no buckets), hand soap and shampoo (in squeeze dispensers) in the bathroom and a tea kettle (with a selection, of pretty awful, tea &amp; coffee).Overall this place was a steal at the Hotwire price and I would definitely recommend it!	
Apr 16 2009 	Good Stay great value	Internet access was very very expensive. We walked 3 blocks north to a Internet cafe for 1 pound on hour, at the hotel it was like 20 pounds a day. Bed were not overly comfortable, pillow not the best. Breakfast better than average, wish they had a microwave. What's up with the paper towel wash cloths? Cost savings? Staff was good. Bar on the expensive side, far cheaper to walk over to the Goose. Would stay there again, Cheers.	
Apr 14 2009 	Clean but ....	First of all, if you book through their central reservation service and you have specific requirements, double-check that they have the type of room you required. I booked a double room and got a twin (no real hardship). However, another guest specifically booked a family room and got a twin. The hotel was fully booked and the family of three were forced to make alternative last-minute arrangements.Compared to most hotels in this price range, I found the room to be somewhat small and uninspiring. On the plus side, it was clean and had some nice touches like the blue ‘night-light’ in the bathroom. However, I didn’t find the beds to be particularly comfortable and the pillows were almost non-existent. When I asked for extra pillows I was informed that the hotel was fully booked and that they had no spare pillows! The helpful Receptionist did offer extra towels - not the most comfortable compromise but at least she tried! We had about 45 minutes with no electricity in our room - the room next door also suffered so I don’t think it was payback for the pillow complaint!Breakfast - included in the room rate - looked ok. However, we obviously picked a particularly busy time and there was no room to sit. We checked out early and found somewhere nice for breakfast in Fulham Broadway.All in all, not a great visit. I’ll probably look elsewhere next time.	
Apr 10 2009 	A good value hotel in London	We stayed here because we got a great deal off Hotwire. I had read the rest of the reviews here on TA before we left, so let me first comment on some of the previously posted negative comments.&quot;Sketchy Neighborhood&quot;-We didn't find it to be so. It is a lively, working neighborhood with a lot of ethnic flair. We never felt unsafe going out at night. We ate in the local restaurants, shopped in some of the Newsagents and markets, and went to the local pub. Enjoyed Indian takeaway from Guru Express across the street.&quot;Broken Glass and Dog Poop all over the sidewalks&quot;-UHhhhh-nooooo. Didn't see any of this, and we walked up and down North End and Lilly Road from Kensington to Fulham.&quot;Noise/Thin walls&quot; -Never heard a peep from the neighbors, and the hotel was packed when we were there.&quot;Unhelpful Staff, Broken Elevator, Coffee Machine, etc..&quot; None of that found. Everyone was helpful, and everything functioned just fine.We found this hotel to be very clean and modern. It isn't glitz and glam, but practical. We arrived early, as we came on an overnight flight, so they stored our luggage for us while we toured around. Checkin time is 2:00. The room was a bit small for the four of us-but I was aware of that before staying there, and you are going to have a hard time to find palatial rooms in London unless you pay a pretty penny. I did wish that there was more room to store things in the room. There was nothing we could do with our clothes other than leave them in the suitcases sitting on the floor the entire week, but this really wasn't a big deal. The room is quite compact-it was like sleeping in the Ikea store.Breakfast was great. Plenty of selection and a great start to our day that kept us happy and going. It does get busy, and there were times where the staff was struggling to keep up with stocking plates and cups, etc. If you make a point to get there early though, you won't be fighting for a spot.The location wasn't perfect as far as being right downtown, or a tube stop at the front door-but if you are prepared to use the bus as well as the Tube, you will be in great shape. There is a bus stop right in front of the hotel if you are coming from the north. 341 and 28 buses stop literally at the front door. If you are coming in from London, if you get off at West Kensington, then go to the bus stop right at the tube station, and hop on any bus, it will then drop you off in front of the hotel. (Get off at the Lilly Road stop.)If you walk around the corner from the hotel (south then east) there is a bus stop there on Lilly Road. A 74 bus takes you to the West Bromton station, or if you stay on the bus longer, it will take you up to Kensington right past the Natural History Museum, Harrods, and to Hyde Park Corner. If you stay on past there, you can get off at Marble Arch or Baker Street tube stop.If you cross the road from the hotel, and walk north a block and catch a bus, you can go to the West Kensington station on a 341 or 28 bus. If you stay on a 28 bus, it will go down Kensington High Street and ultimately drop you off at Notting Hill Gate, which gives you easy access to the Central Line (Oxford Street). Be sure to buy an Oyster Card with unlimited travel. You can hop on and off anything anytime and all you need to do is wave your card at a sensor. London has the best public transportation in the world, IMHO.We definitely would stay there again, and would reccomend it to friends.	
Mar 30 2009 	Great Value But Much to Be Improved	Good Points:- Nice rooms (thoughtful attention to bathroom design that enables simultaneous toilet and sink/shower use, curtains that overlap to block out the light)- Good continental breakfast (included in room rate)- Fast internet at reasonable pricesBad Points:- Staff consistently had no idea about how to find anything in London, from local parks to Trafalgar Square (we got directed to Victoria Tube Station instead of Charing Cross)! They also had no idea about the Oxford/Cambridge Boat Race. Best to get the Internet and look up information yourself or ask at a Tube Station.- Air conditioner makes room freezing even when it is cold outside, and defaults to &quot;on&quot; instead of &quot;off&quot;- Many things stopped working while we were there (coffee machine at breakfast, one elevator). Not sure if this was bad luck or indicative of poor maintenance.Tips- The hotel is actually closer to West Brompton and West Kensington than Earl's Court, but the tube is actually a bit of a hike from the hotel. Bus 391 stops right in front of the hotel, but it gets stuck in traffic at rush hours.	
Mar 23 2009 	Good value good location good hotel	This hotel is an excellent value through Hotwire. It is located on North End Road - a straight walk down to the West Kensington tube stop on the District line or the other direction to West Brompton, also on the District Line, or just a few blocks more to Earl's Court tube on the Piccadilly line which is a 15 minute ride to the West End.You can walk to the North End Road street market for fresh fruit and general shopping/food - Clarks discount shoe store, groceries, Indian take-away, fish and chips, etc. You are also fairly close to The Troubadour for coffee, meals, live music.I really enjoyed the breakfast - it's not a &quot;full English&quot; but has a selection of cheeses, fresh rolls, cereal, tinned fruits, yogurt, coffee, tea, etc. The staff works hard to keep the food stocked because there were always a lot of people - but there are enough seats that we never had to wait to find a place to sit during our week's stay.Positives:Price LocationBreakfastStaffLarge rooms by London standardsClean and good housekeepingNegatives:Beds are too soft and spongyWalls can be a bit thin if someone is in the room beside youThe A/C is loudI would definitely recommend to friends and family and hope to stay at the hotel again in the future.	
Mar 1 2009 	Good value for a London hotel	Good value for a London hotel. Not centrally located but accessible by taxi and tube. Very handy if arriving by car as easy drive off the A4 and reasonably priced secure car parking. Usual holiday inn express basic offer, but clean, not overly noisy and relatively new.	
Feb 27 2009 	Definitely Recommend This Hotel to Everyone!	I obtained this hotel through Hotwire and received an excellent rate. Even at their standard rack rates, I feel this hotel would be a great place to stay. It is about a 6-7 minute walk from two tube stations, immaculate in the lobby, hallways, and rooms. The rooms and bathrooms were well laid out and large. All of the staff members provided excellent service and were very friendly! The lift was a wonderful bonus, as all that walking had us really tired out. I can not say one negative or neutral thing about this hotel. If I ever make it back to London, I will definitely stay there again. The breakfast was plentiful and had a good variety. Remember, this is not the Ritz- it's better! Thank you to all of the staff members I encountered there. They even let us check in early because one member of our party was ill.	
Dec 24 2008 	Don't take the taxi!	1. The hotel comes with a good value ($59 for a room per night for 2 people) compared to the price paid. The variety of breakfast is limited but adequate consider it is included in the room rate. But it is even more cheaper than a Hostel or Youth's Hostel for 2 people.2. The bedding is not really comfortable in my opinion. They are cheap mattress pillows and blanket compared to Holiday Inn. The bathroom was okay. 3. The taxi booked by the hotel is extremely expensive. I don't recommend anyone pay for it because if so you will save money on a hotel (and quality) but spend on the taxi which is ridiculous. 4. The location is not really near to the tube station and it is a little far from city center. 5. There were noises from the hotel inside.	
Dec 14 2008 	Beware Taxi scam	Just returned from 3 night stay. As previous reviews noted, location is a bit out of the way, but manageable. Neighborhood was fine - I felt perfectly safe walking to and from tube stop 7 min. away. Hotel was very clean, but the room was incredibly small for a family of four. The second bed was a sofa bed that was pulled out. There was literally no room for suitcases and maneuvering the small space was tough. As we did not plan on spending time in our room, this was not a huge deal, although I likely wouldn't choose this hotel again when traveling with children. The breakfast was well done - plenty of choices and well stocked.The primary issue I had came when it was time to get a taxi to the airport. My husband requested a taxi from the front desk. We had taken a city cab from Heathrow when we arrived which was great. Up rolls a small nissan with no taxi sign, clearly not a licensed cab. I verified with the driver the cost as I was wary about what we would be charged upon arrival. There was no meter in the cab - clearly this was a friend of the hotel staff. The driver did not know the way to Heathrow (!) and had to stop and make a call for directions. Once we arrived, he didn't know what terminal we should be dropped at, had to make another call, and then managed to miss the correct exit for passenger drop off. We ended up in a parking garage, and had to lug our bags up a couple flights of stairs. A very strange experience. If you need to request a cab, verify with the front desk that they are calling a city cab. If I was traveling alone, I would have felt very uncomfortable just getting into a random car that was clearly not a licensed taxi.Despite the frustrating taxi experience, we found the hotel to be very clean, and an economical choice for London if you don't mind it being a bit out of the way.	
Dec 12 2008 	Excellent Quality!! A++++	A+++ stay. This is a relatively new hotel and it shows. The hotel rooms are in excellent condition and the feel of the rooms are a modern design. The Holiday Inn Express chains are in my opinion one of the best hotels around because they have spent a lot of money thinking about design with quality albeit in a small space. The neighborhood has shops and restaurants so all your needs are met. The breakfast is a healthy cold cereal, fruit, and juice in a delightful surrounding. It is next to two tube stations. If you have a lot of luggage consider taking a bus or using the Earl's Court tube station. Earl's Court, even though it is further away, is a wheelchair accessible. Earl's Court area also has the better restaurants.The staff at the hotel are quite good and helpful. Again, I found this is a superb hotel. Pseattle1	
Nov 12 2008 	Great Value in a Lively Local Area	(IMPORTANT-HOW TO GET THERE AT END OF REVIEW)Having just completed a stay at the Express by Holiday Inn-Earl’s Court, I wanted to add my 2 cents.I work with a major international airline and have been coming to London for 20 years. When I lived in NY, I used to come 2-3 times a year to see live theatre and visit favorite restaurants.During these trips, I have stayed in many, many hotels from 5 Star properties to Bed-and-Breakfasts.I’ve read many reviews of this property, and in large part, those who have had negative things to say are too critical given the value of this hotel if you can get it through an internet site like Hotwire, Priceline, etc.I only have 2 issues with the hotel--1) No in-room safes. There is a safe the front desk, but with a laptop, accessories, and a passport, I always prefer a private in-room safe.2) The relative lack of quick and first-hand knowledge of the front desk about the best transportation options to/from the hotel other than the obvious. (More about this later in the review).My first impression of the hotel was good. On a lively street with a bus stop literally at the front door (#28 &amp; #391). North End Road has a myriad of shops, pubs, and restaurants between the Tube Station (West Kensington) and the hotel. Within 1 block of the hotel is a Chinese to-go, Indian to-go, and Fish-and-Chips to-go. Across the street is a Dry Cleaner &amp; Laundry, and a few doors down is a 24 hour market (7-11 type).At night, I would have no problem whatsoever in walking to/from transportation in this area, but with a bus-stop at the Tube and another at the front door, walking is optional from the Tube station (about 12 U.S. size blocks).The lobby of the hotel is modern and spotless. The room comes with a continental breakfast which consisted of Apple/Fruit/Orange Juice, 4 types of Cereal, 3 types of cheese, grapefruit sections, peaches (canned), yogurt, croissants (regular &amp; chocolate), Danish (2 types), white &amp; wheat breads, 2 types of muffins (blueberry &amp; chocolate), Regular &amp; low-fat milk, and a coffee machine that I would love to take home making Cappuccino, Espresso, and regular coffees. Many varieties of tea and butter, margarine, and jams round out the lot.The room was modern and normal size for London hotels of this nature, but if you are expecting large resort-style rooms like Orlando, you’re headed for disappointment.The room was spotless. It contained a double bed, a pull out couch, a desk, TV, Coffee-and-tea maker, and a small bathroom. The bathroom had a walk-in shower instead of a tub. GREAT water pressure. As far as furnishings, I would liken it to Hotel-style Ikea. Lots of laminates and designed to be very specific in it’s use and it’s use of space. A/C was cold. Actually had to warm it up which for me is extremely rare!Front desk service was always with a smile and they responded favorably to requests, although I did have to make a second call for pillows.GETTING THERE: In London, there are many ways to get around, the most-expensive being Taxis and Car Services.From Gatwick: Take the train headed to Victoria Station, but get off at &quot;WEST BROMPTON&quot;. Frpm there you can walk or take the #190 bus to Lillie St &amp; North End Road intersection. Walk 3 blocks to hotel.From Heathrow: Start with the Tube (Subway to Canadians &amp; Americans). There is only 1 line at Heathrow, The Piccadilly Line. Here is the best 2 options—1) If you have luggage and want to avoid steps, sit in the last 2 cars of the train and get off at HAMMERSMITH. In front of you will be an elevator up. Exit the station, and follow the signs for Bus Stop “E”—the walk is short and ALL indoors. There are escalators and an elevator to the bus stop. Take bus #391-Fulham, and it takes you to the front door of the hotel.2) Get off at HAMMERSMITH, cross the platform and take whatever the next train is. This is the District Line and get off at West Kensington (2 stops-No Elevators in station). At the top of the street you can catch the #391 or the #28 right to the front door of the hotel. OR if you prefer, walk it, but it’s about the equivalent of 12 blocks.NOTE-From Hammersmith you can also take the #190 bus to the Lillie St. Stop (at the intersection of North End Road), but this will require about a 3 block walk whereas the #391 takes you literally to the front door.You should also be aware, that the hotel has a contract car service. If you book through the hotel, they will tell you the price upfront, but understand that this will likely be higher than a metered black Taxi. Stick with the buses and subways (Tube) if you can. It’s more efficient and less costly.I spoke with the manager, and she promises at my suggestion to produce a mass-transit guide for guests including late night options to get back to the hotel for you partiers and theatregoers.For the money, this hotel was worth every penny.	
Nov 11 2008 	not too bad	Although i have a problem with the information that gave us MrKhadija Ali, that confused us with the tube station, due to that we stop at Fulham Broadway and is practicaly the same distance to the hotel that West Kensington. His information made us to loose more than 45 minutes, because we have to go to Earls Court and after to West Kensington. An error... Mr Khadija. You don´t gave me good information. We were travelling with children an the Sofa bed is awful. They couldn´t sleep well due to bad conditions of the bed.Positive: Clean, not too bad location?????. Basic and good breakfast.The most positive: Staff. They are the best. Specially Thanks to Mrs Lorena. Very very helpful and nice. We could see Madrid match and Barcelona. Thanks to them.	
Oct 20 2008 	Great hotel but don't use hotel recommended taxi	Just back from a weekend stay in the Holiday Inn Express at Earls Court. We got the hotel for around $60 a night on Hotwire and were very pleased with it for the price. The rooms are a decent size and both warm and clean. The hotel, although not central to Oxford Street or the West End, is about 5 mins walk from the nearest tube station (West Kensignton) and around 5 stops from the main shopping district in London (Oxford Circus). The room rate includes a free continental breakfast, which offers a decent selection of food. The staff were very also friendly and helpful. However, my only word of caution is in regard to the taxi company recommended by the hotel. We were quoted £35 for a taxi from the hotel to Liverpool St station, and told by the man on reception that this was the standard taxi price and that we would not find any cheaper. I decided to price around myself and on my first phone call to a local taxi firm (Atlas Cabs) I managed to get a price of £21.50 for our journey, more than a third cheaper than the hotel reception staff member had quoted. Atlas cabs were very prompt and even sent us a text message to let us know our taxi's car make, model, reg number and driver name. I felt that an attempt was being made by the man on reception at the hotel to dupe us into believing that the taxi firm recommended by the receptionist was the cheapest (and only viable alternative) when, in fact, it was significantly more expensive than other local firms.Whilst this is a great hotel for those looking for reasonably priced accommodation in London, I would advise anyone staying at this hotel to avoid using the hotel's recommended taxi firm and instead, get a quote for your journey from a local taxi firm.	
Oct 11 2008 	Great Value Hotel	We couldn't fault our stay at Holiday Inn Express. The room was nicely furnished with a very comfortable bed. Rooms and public areas were very clean. An excellent Continental breakfast was included there was plenty of choice and items were quickly replenished. Hotel staff were very helpful and pleasant to deal with. The hotel is on a busy road but because of triple glazing the room was very quiet. The nearest tube was a 10 minute walk and then it was 20 minutes or so to London attractions. All in all a very pleasant stay.	
Oct 5 2008 	Good hotel for the price but ripped off by Taxi Company booked by the hotel	Good rooms, near tube and good value for money. Very clean. Breakfast was hard work as no plates or bowls but ok for the money. The main problem we had may not be the hotels fault however the company they used to book a taxi ripped my group off.The scam works like this:Go to your destination from the hotel or in our case a Pizza Express in Clapham Junction.Arrive, then the taxi driver tells you its £30's. You say that its too high. He says that the hotel agreed the price with you. He then calls the hotel and you talk to them who tell you that you agreed to £30's which you didn't. You realise that you are in a no win situation and probably will be attacked if you don't pay up so you pay. In reality the person on the other end is probably (and hopefully) not the hotel but the taxi's control room or a friend. Anyway, guess what? When we finished eating at the Pizza Express we then discovered that we were not in Clapham and were in fact in Battersea! 10 mins by bus away. So he completely had us. Now I mentioned the hotel. The strange thing was when the guy working at the front desk booked it, he gave his name to the taxi company and got their drivers name as well which was a bit strange, we then got regular updates as to when the taxi would be arriving. Very helpful and maybe excellent customer service? but in the morning when one of our part y complained to reception (who were apologetic) the taxi journey was not in their log book of bookings? Any way we will never know, but always agree a price first with the driver. I would suggest that you use a black metered cab as you should be fine (£13 for the return journey!). Whether you end up in the right place was the final straw but we should have seen the warning signs when the driver asked us whether we were from London! Good luck	
Aug 29 2008 	Great Place	I had been searching for a decent (based on tripadvisor reviews), cheap place to stay in London for 3 nites for months on end earlier this year. By sheer luck and timing, we got a great deal on this hotel via hotwire.com. Clean, comfortable, quiet, excellent staff, awesome breakfast buffett,and directly located on the bus line. The tube stop was a few blocks away, but we had an oyster pass for bus/tube so we usually just hopped on a bus to get to a tube stop. Location suited our needs perfectly. All of the hotel staff encountered were wonderful and most accomodating to all of our needs. Internet service at the hotel was expensive, but one of the front desk clerks steered us to a neighborhood internet cafe that was very cheap.	
Jul 11 2008 	This has to be the Best Value in London / Amazing Convenient and Comfortable !	Earls Court is a great area for tourists who are using Heathrow as their airport. Its a quick and cheap trip in on London's Underground...(one easy, hassle free transfer will get you to the West Kensington tube stop... a fairly short (under 10 min) walk to the Holiday Inn Express. (or you can hop on a bus and its just a 2 minute trip to the front door) Read the previous reviews... but only pay attention to the positive points made! Its close to the tube and right on a great bus line, with a bus every few minutes during most of the day. If you want to walk to Buckingham Palace.... probably not for you.The rooms are supurb (we had 2) the breakfast wonderful, the other guests (mostly tourists, like us) were nice, as was the staff. I'd rate this far better than your typical &quot;tour&quot; hotel&quot; Its small compared to huge hotels...so the desk is never swamped, nor is there ever a line for the elevator / lift.Above all ... the place is SPOTLESS and ULTRA CLEAN.... Ice Machine in the Lobby (rare in my opinion) a Big +Although I do prefer the other side of Earls Court (to the east)and I have stayed in nice places there.... Next time... I'll be back at the Holiday Inn Earls Court.Last point.... Again far better than most 4 Star tourist/tour hotels in London. Check the ranking number on TA and then consider how much harder it is for a 1, 2 or 3 star hotel to break in to the Top 100.... AMAZING (but stay here and you'll understand why)	
Jun 15 2008 	Best value in London.	Piece of cake to reach -- we only took carryons from Dulles to Heathrow, and then the tube straight to West Brompton and a pleasant several-block walk. Hotel impossible to miss, it's the most modern-looking building in the neighborhood. Lovely gritty location. Helpful travel desk guy at Heathrow tube stop who sold us oystr cards advised that the neighborhood was a little sketch, but I grew up inside the DC beltway and felt almost at home. The day we arrived there was a great streetside market to stroll around and take in, and there are loads of little stores &amp; restaurants all up and down North End Road (including a convenience mart or two between tube stop and hotel, for late-night prepacked nosh &amp; drink). Nothing too classy -- that's a few tube stops away -- but a nice time. The hotel itself was a pleasant surprise on all fronts. Very modern room &amp; bathroom; internet access an expensive joke but 50p/hr just a couple doors down. Breakfast nothing special but highly serviceable to get the day started. Front desk staff VERY friendly and attentive -- no faults throughout the stay. Room smallish, but it's London; more than worth what we paid. If I had to stay in London again and pay for it myself, no doubt I'd come back. Very pleased.	
May 24 2008 	Great Hotel to far from central London	Very nice modern hotel, to far from central London. Staff very helpful at all times. Travel time to central London from Hotel is to long and to get to the international train station. If you have time to spare good choice. Breakfast is ok there coulf be more selections it is a basic contentinal spread.Family with college kids from the USA.	
May 8 2008 	Great Hotel	Great budget hotel. Modern room, helpful staff.We arrived very early for our first leg of our stay here. Staff stored our luggage without any hesitation, let us drink coffee in the lounge/breakfast area.Initially booked us into a twin, but when we asked for a double, were given a smoking room. Bad smell, but we did get used the smell, and was helped when a staff member sprayed some air freshener in the room.However when we returned 2 weeks later we were booked into the disabled room, and it fet a bit hospital like.Good continental breakfast.Great location, close to tube station. Little pub 500m away served great inexpensive traditional English meals (2.99 GBP).	
Apr 13 2008 	Cheap and Cheerful :)	Booked cheaply (£75 night for family room) with lastminute.com room was supposed to be non smoking, unfortunately it was a smoking room so to my family of 4 it stank ! hotel unable to move us because it was full.Area around not to smart, however 8 minute walk to west brompton tube, if you step around all the dog mess. we did try the kensington station but late at night was extremly busy with everyone emptying the pubs.Breakfast ok, but by 9.30 everything was running low and when we asked for more were told they would not be putting any more out, so next day we went down earlier !!overall you get what you pay for (compared to london rates) room apart from the smell was adequate and clean. tube / bus easy to comute to central london, taxi cost £20 from covent garden. Staff pleasant enough, and free continental breakfast.	
Apr 3 2008 	Great little hotel!	We recently returned from a trip to London and the Express was a great choice. It was about 5 minute walk to the W. Kensington tube and close to many decent pubs. (we enjoyed the Famous 3 Kings and the Goose) The best part was seeing 'real' London; we were often the only Americans in the area pubs. Although it's outside of the city, it was only two stops to Kensington and Hyde Park and about 15 minutes ride to Westminster. The hotel was VERY clean and efficient. We had two twin beds instead of a queen. (which I actually blame on our travel agent, not the hotel.) The tv is a little small and only got about 10 channels but London has so much to see we were never in the room anyway. The continential breakfast was quite tasty, with cereal, yogurt, fruit, and pastries. They also had juice and some good strong coffee. For some evening snack or a paper, hit 'Bowmans' directly across the street. We stopped in every night and they were always friendly and asked how we were enjoying London.	
Mar 22 2008 	A great place to stay	We have just returned from a 2 week holiday to London, England. The trip was terrific, and we just can't say enough about our accommodations. The Holiday Inn Express at Earls Court was even more than we had hoped for. For a very reasonable price we enjoyed a wonderful room that was clean and bright. It contained all that we needed to make our stay comfortable (tv., coffee/tea, kettle, hot showers) and best of all the rooms were very soundproof, so we weren't awakened by loud noises from our neighbours. The staff at the hotel were always helpful and friendly, and they did everything that they could to make our stay enjoyable. The breakfasts were delicious and helped to get our day off to a great start. The location was also terrific. We were within an easy walking distance to 2 tube stations, and I never felt uncomfortable walking home alone after dark. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone, and I look forward to another vaction to London in the not so distant future. When I do make that next trip, I will certainly book this hotel again.Thank you to all the staff at the Holiday Inn Express, Earls Court, and keep up the good work.	
Mar 3 2008	Clean Friendly Good Service and Value	Hotel was very clean, good shower, nice bed, facilities, very friendly staff of all sorts (desk, cleaning, restaurant). The breakfast had lots of selection for a continental buffet. Definitely a good deal.	
Feb 29 2008 	Nice Hotel	We stayed at this hotel in Feb. 2008 for 4 nights. The location is OK at best, being that you are not close to any major London things to do, but the walk to the nearest Tube stop (West kensington, not Earl's Court) is about 10 minutes. The area is vary quiet at night, so I guess I wouldn't recommend walking to and from the metro too late into the night. The nearest area with a bit more life to it is Earl's Court, and that is only 1 Tube stop away, so we ended up going there for dinner and drinks and such. If you can, try to book a hotel that is closer to the metro, but I can't complan that the 10 minute walk was too long. Oh, watch out for doggy poop - there is TON of it on the street on your way to the metro and if you aren't carefull you will step in it. When you exit the West Kennsington metro upon your arrival, turn left to walk to the hotel (North End Road). If you are arriving from the states you can easily purchase a phone card in a small convenince store across the street from the hotel. Also, if you don't feel like walking to the metro and going out to get dinner, Dominos delivers to the hotel (ask at the front desk). Since we went in the winter, removing your hotel room key from the power slot when leaving to room left the room very cold upon our return, since the heat or any power in the room does not function without your room key being inserted into this slot (very innovative with regard to conservation of power, but like i said, we were freezing when we would return to the room). Enjoy London!	
Feb 19 2008	Very Pleased With This Hotel Would Stay There Again	Stayed here during our most recent trip to London and we're very happy with our stay. it's fairly close to to two tube stations, West Kensington and West Brompton. We used West Kensington at first due to it was the one suggested by the hotel. We found we liked West Brompton. It seemed actually closer to the hotel and was a nice older tube station with easy entering and exiting. Both stations are within 5-7 minutes walk. The area the hotel is situated in, Earl's Court, is not the best we have stayed in but not bad in any way. Never felt unsafe and a few nights we arrived back fairly late. The hotel itself was very nice. The included continental breakfast is served in the airy lobby and it is more than adequate. Cereals, yogurts, cheeses, pastries, breads, etc. It started at 7am which we appreciated due to us liking to get out early and go. The room was typical London sized and maybe actually a tad bigger than normal. It was very clean and functional. Shower was nice with a hand held shower head. Bed was the only drawback, this particular one had a mattress that could have been a bit firmer. I would recommend this hotel highly and it is not a one star as TA states. It's at least a 3 star and deserves such a rating. All reviews before mine have also been positive. Do not shy away from this place if offered on Priceline or like site. Finally all the employee's were very friendly and helpful. Highly recommended and my girlfriend says it's her favorite of all the places we have stayed in London and this was our tenth trip.	
Feb 16 2008 	Was expecting better	I booked this hotel for a nights stay with my partner and 11yr old daughter. It was a reasonable price for bed and breakfast and the reviews on this site were good. However, the hotel fell short of my expectations and I was rather disappointed. - I have to say though that it wasn't in a major way, there was nothing drastically wrong - I just expected better!Here's the good. The room was very clean and staff were helpful and pleasant. Breakfast was OK - despite the toaster which burns one side and leaves the other white (moral - stand and check your toast regularly). As previous reviewers have said it's a buffet and you really can eat as much as you like.Now for the bad. Firstly, the area seemed a little dodgy. It's a 8-10 min walk from the hotel (turn left out of W Kensington tube station and keep walking). I wouldn't have felt happy if I'd been on my own. In the morning the pavements were covered with broken glass and vomit. Secondly, the room, a double bed and sofa bed, was very cramped. It was also incredibly hot with no way of opening the window. The aircon worked but made a noise like a drunken fridge freezer - so loud none of us could sleep. There was no noise from the (busyish) road outside but I've never stayed in a hotel where so much noise was audible from inside - loud cracks from the walls, hysterical laughter, toilets gurgling. Quite disconcerting. The double bed was the type that tips both occupants into the middle and you spend most of the evening struggling to get out! Overall, I wished I'd paid £30 or so extra and stayed in a better hotel. I don't think I'd stay here again but I wouldn't put anyone off as it was perfectly reasonable really.	
Feb 5 2008	great value	Booked the hotel on hiexpress.co.uk, paid 65 per room, per night which included a cold buffet breakfast.Staff were very good at check in/out, allowed us to use the corkscrew from the bar for our wine. Room was comfortable, good bed and sofa. Bathroom very clean. Breakfast was cereal/yogurt/toast/fruit, had a problem keeping the crockery/cutlery supplies up, but it did get pretty busy.Was a bit dubious about the area as I had never stayed there before, but it was fine - good indian restaurant and nail bar round the corner. Also local tesco. Will visit again.	
Jan 13 2008 	The Express Experience	The hotel is actually pretty good. You get a standard room with most things you actually would expect, a comfortable bed, clean shower and bathroom, TV etc.. They have wireless internet which you need to get a voucher for from reception, it is a little pricey at I think around 6-8 pounds for 4 hours. The rooms are not huge, but they are sufficient. The toilet is a little weird though, the door to the the bathroom opens up to also act as a door for the toilet which is just on the inside. They are clean rooms which is always nice and the staff are very friendly. There was only one problem with the stay and that was a noisy airco system just above the door to the room. It seemed to make a noise like a toilet filling up. I even turned the thing off and it would stop for a while and then come on again later. Apart from that the rooms are very quiet and the bed was very comfortable. The elevator has windows which look out onto the street while you are going up and down. The street is full of great restaurants and smaller eateries. I tried the Lilly Indian restaurant just around the corner, it was not as good as the Masala Express which you will find by turning left out of the hotel, walk to the corner (where the Lilly is) cross the street and it will be less than 50m just up there. It is a small family run place and the food was much tastier that at the Lilly. There is also a great vegetarian restaurant just across the road from the hotel, the food is fantastic. There is a breakfast buffet and consists of some bread which you can toast, croissants, cheese, yoghurt, fruit, coffee, tea and some juices. They also have some muffins which are individually packed, so you can take some for your days exploring of London! The staff are friendly and the rooms were always tidied and cleaned daily. Location is not too bad, as long as you dont mind a simple 5-10 minute walk to get to the underground.Not a bad hotel! Just dont expect 5* luxury and service.	
Nov 10 2007	Nothing wrong with this place	Easy(ish) to get to and quick checkin. Room was very clean with the usual Hoilday Inn bed , bathroom, etc. Room was surprising quiet for London and I would stay there again.	
Oct 26 2007	Value for Money Option	Stayed here for 2 nights and got a great rate by booking and paying in advance. The hotel was clean, quiet and great value for a family. On site parking was an added bonus. It is a 5 min brisk walk fom West Kensington tube- but the Tesco express was a handy half way stop off point to get supplies etc. The staff were helpful and friendly and whilst breakfast was a little busy ( half-term) it was fine.	
Sep 22 2007 	Brilliant and cheap	I loved the Express, I have stayed in other Expresses and this was the best, more like a regular Holiday Inn than the Express. Rooms are quick big and the bathroom was nice with a sassy blue nightlight shinning through the frosted glass.It's in a good location for Chelsea fans and those going to Earls Court, 5 minutes will take you to either.The bar is good too, not too expensive and you can bring in a carry out and drink it there if you wish.There is a great view from the bar if you were there when I was, there was an exibition on down the road in Earls Court and the promotional girls &quot;almost&quot; dressed in leather were in for a drink on their break lolI think it only cost us £80 per person for 2 nights, so it's completely worth it for where it is.	
Sep 21 2007 	Loved This Hotel	My boyfriend and I loved this hotel. We booked a double smoking room for 3 nights. I was expecting it to be a small room considering most hotel rooms are in London, but it was actually quite big. We had a nice sized television as well and the sofa bed looked nice. The air conditioning kept us quite cool. We felt like we were in Heaven! The bathrooms were really nice as well and the shower was lovely.The continental breakfast was good. I liked the fact that there were a variety of foods to choose from and not just a croissant and toast. It is a small seating area for breakfast, so I'd suggest getting down there as soon as possible or else it will be hard to find a table to sit at.The staff were very knowledgeable about London and were friendly. The lobby was very well kept, and this hotel had a vending machine that was fully stocked. The lifts in the hotel were glass which made a very beautiful view as you were going up.To use the hotel's internet in the lobby is a bit steep. We had to pay £4 for half an hour of internet. It's a bit pricey, but the nearest internet cafe looks a bit dodgey.There were a few downsides to this hotel. First off, the nearest tube station (West Kensington, not Earl's Court like we were led to believe) is about a mile away, so be prepared to walk a lot if you don't have a car. The location isn't that great, and there's not a nice restuarant nearby unless you feel like walking a bit. Plus, we only had one pillow each and had to ask for more pillows. and on one occassion, the hotel staff came into our room to clean even though we had the do not disturb sign up.Overall, we had a good experience and would recommend this hotel.	
Aug 17 2007	Loved the hotel and location!	I had been planning my stay in London for a while before I booked this hotel. My travel agent had first booked me in the Ambassador Hotel in Earl Court, but after reading every single bad review of this place, I used this site, and was happy with the reviews of this hotel. So I had my travel agent change the hotel one week before departure. I expected it to be full, since it was the hight of the travel season, but our reservation was accepted. There is NO shuttle to take you to the hotel from Heathrow, so be prepared, you can take the Underground, or a bus. But if like us, you don't want to waste time I suggest you take a taxi, it will cost around fifty pounds. But worth it! In my case, we had missed our initial flight, so we had to wait till the next day for a flight. I recommend travelling to London during the week, since it is less crowded! So we were lucky, we got to check in at the time we arrived, rather than wait until official check in time which is at 12 pm. The staff who greeted us were friendly. According to the brochure, you get a complimentary breakfast(European), although it is included in the price of the room. Don't expect anything fancy, but it is a good and hearty meal. It includes: Several teas, coffee, chilled water(tap), orange, and apple juice.Jams, white and brown toast(toaster included), as well as croissants, danish, chocolate rolls. Kellog cornflakes, krispies. As well as apples, and tinned fruit. Pretty good, a hearty meal that will keep you full till dinner time!The room was a typical European hotel room, with twin beds. The room was spotless, sheets crisp and clean. Towels were plentiful, but if you required an iron and board, or extra pillows, you had to ask the front desk. If you need to check your e-mail, you can but you have to pay. Four pounds for half an hour(They give you a username and password). Th bathroom was also clean, only thing is if you are the kind of guest who likes to gather the hotel soaps and shampoos, you will be disappointed. They have a shampoo bottle which you squeeze, and soap bottle as well. If you want to put on the lights and electricity, you have to put in your card in a slot, once you remove the card, everything goes off in the interest of electricity efficiency.If you are looking for a family oriented, clean hotel, to off-load your stuff and head out exploring the the city. This is the place for you, don't expect perks ... It is in a nice location(Earl Court), close to shops, a pizza place, Vegeterian Restaurant(never saw it open), and a Fish and Chips shop( five pounds), and there is also an Internet Cafe near by. There is a bus stop around the corner, bus number 74, that takes you down town past Harrods and the Natural History museum. Bus number 11, goes EVERY where! I will definately return there, and go to any other Express by Holiday Inn around the world.	
Jun 29 2007 	New affordable comfortable hotel in London	I book a two nights stay in early June at the 'Last Minute.com'. The location is within area 2 of the tube route, though it's at the edge. There is a Tesco nearby where I bought my dinner for 2 nights. The hotel itself looks new and clean! the room is spacious, and has hair dryer, shampoo, and shower gel. Although there is no refrigerator. With the kind and helpful staffs, it is a place I will go back again when I go to london next time!	
Jun 24 2007 	nice room soso location	I've got 79 pounds per night inc tax by selecting leisure saver from hotel websiteRoom: very clean, compact, nice with air-con, see photosfor extra people charge 15 pounds eachlocation: about 5-7 min to tube station (west brompton station)Unfortunalety, some of yellow and green line are closed, I was vesy upset!! you can take taxi anyway. I paid for 30 pounds to st pancras (15 min on Sunday)I feel a little dangerous of this location comparing with staying around south-kensington, glocester and earl's court station.breakfast: okay it's free...service: 7 out of 10staffs are friendly but slow workingAnyway, I give 3 for overall.	
May 30 2007 	Great base for Chelsea Flower Show	Stayed here for two nights whilst visiting the Chelsea Flower Show. Good value for money and not too far from West Kensington Tube station although the area seemed a little dodgy if walking through alone at night. Hotel only two tube stops from Sloane Square station which is one of the nearest for the flower show.Hotel facilities basic but very clean and staff very helpful.	
May 29 2007 	Friendly Staff / Good Deal	My wife and I stayed at this location for 5 nights.Rooms - very small but rooms were very clean.Hotel - nothing fancy, continental breakfast was essentially held in the lobby of the hotel and offered basic breakfast food. Staff - exceptionally good staff - very friendly and helpful. They consistently provided above average service.Location - approx 10 minute walk to the nearest Tube. Feels more like being in the suburbs. Any shopping is at least 20 minutes away with limited restaurants in the immediate area. Conclusion - Given the limited resources in the immediate area we were always faced with at least 20 to 30 minutes of commuting to get to areas of &quot;interest&quot; (shopping, muesuems, theatre). If you don't mind the travel time required then this hotel is a good deal.	
May 12 2007 	perfectly pleasant good price friendly staff	Just returned from a brief stay at the Holiday Inn Express in Earl's Court. The room was newish. The bed was comfortable. The shower worked well. Wireless internet worked well, although you have to be a little careful -- they told me that if you log off, you can't log on again without a new voucher. It was hard to use the phone to call the front desk so I just took the elevator. A decent combination for the price in London.I took the Picadilly line from Heathrow and switched to the District line to West Kensington station and walked with my rolling bag to the hotel. With a rolling cart, it was a pretty good hike. I had a meeting near Buckingham Palace and just walked without suitcase to the West Kensington station. It was very convenient.Didn't find interesting restaurants in the area, though there are quite a few in Earl's Court and Kensington areas. The woman at the front desk didn't have any particular suggestion. Overall, I was very happy with the place since I was looking for a low budget hotel that worked for a business trip.	
Apr 24 2007	Great value for money	Very clean and tidy. Friendly reception staff. Great value for money.	
Apr 3 2007 	Good easy to find by car from west	The hotel is easy to find from M4 and has a small secure car park for £12 a night.Hotel is as clean and modern as others have said. All staff helpful and polite, no problem getting extra pillows from reception. My only 3 criticisms: (1) the bar closed at 11 o'clock;(2) the breakfast area was a little small, especially on the Sunday morning, when half the hotel came down for breakfast at the same time;(3) the desk/dressing table in the room could do with a mirror above it. Would stay here again, but would prefer the Holiday Inn Express at Hammersmith because the tube connections from there are better.	
Mar 18 2007	Dollar for Dollar.........Terrific Hotel and Staff	Stayed in this London hotel for 8 nights with my wife and 2 teenage daughters from the 6th of March thru the 14th.Can't say enough good things about it,....basically brand new facility, clean, economical, good sized rooms for London, and breakfast was plentiful and filling for continental varietyStaff was fantastic, well groomed, polite and extremely helpful with directions for eateries and points of interest,......7 minute walk to West Kensington Station and then a 15 minute tube ride to heart of cityWe purchased Oyster cards for 23 pounds a piece (7 day pass)which allowed us unlimited travel on tube and buses after 9:30am and anytime all weekend,...kids rode for 1 pound each while accompaning adults,.....We became very knowledgeable of the city routes by the end of the week and found the entire system user friendlyWe have travelled and stayed in many a city throughout our travels, and the stay with this hotel (dollar for dollar) would rate one of our best experiences,....everything you need for a reasonably priced stay in Jolly Old London....Thanks from London, Ontario, Canada	
Mar 17 2007 	Excellent hotel for its price!	me and my husband spent 3 days there, make sure you book directly thro Holiday Inn Express website, cos they guarantee no other online offer will be cheaper than booking thro their own web page. We booked ours for 75 pounds per night, which is very reasonable price for you to book accomodation in central London, and I'd checked so many other small hotels or B&amp;B in similar area but believe me, you can't find anything in anywhere in central london at 75pounds with the kind of environment and service you can get from Holiday Inn Express.Hotel room is clean and tidy, with an electric water boiler in the room that i found very useful to make tea or coffee, other amenities are simple but ok, at least you've got enough cloth hanger; there's a sofa bed in our room as well so in case you've got 3 people can still share one room, while they wont charge you extra for room rate or breakfast.Breakfast is continental but with at least 8 kinds of bread, plus assorted muffins. They've also got corn flake, 4 or 5 different kinds of yoghurt for selection, 3 kinds of fruits, 7or 8 kinds of tea. Have to try coffee from that coffee machine in the breakfast hall, it makes better coffee than starbucks in London! staff are very friendly and helpful, especially on providing tips on transportation to us. You can either take the tube or bus to get back to the hotel. But i would recommend taking bus (especially when you use day pass for transportation, you can take both tube or bus), bus no.74 will take you on the main street where the hotel is just around the corner. You can get on no.74 from Knightbridge area (street of Harrods). Taking the tube is also fine if you dont mind changing lines from those main stations (for me i tried to avoid tube cos its in fact very time consuming to change lines and all), you can either get off from West Brompton or West Kensington, but i would recommend you to go for West Brompton. Cos on the direction to West Kensington, you'll pass thro some council flats (public housing at very low rent offered to local citizens), I'm afraid that area nearby this direction is more rough and you would feel easier to run into trouble especially at night time. While walking from West Brompton tube station, nearby is private flats and business hotel like Ibis and small shops, so the overall environment feels more safe to walk around.if we are in london again, we would definitely choose to stay in this hotel and give same recommendation to our friends.	
Mar 6 2007	Quite nice...	One thing I commend this hotel is the actual condition matches very similarly to the pictures you can see on its or other websites. The Express by Holiday Inn hotel in Earl's Court really is quite contemporary, and most importantly, CLEAN. The room itself is not too small, and I love the bathroom decor. One thing I wasn't too fond of was the location of this hotel. This hotel isn't situated remotely out of nowhere, however, it is located in between two Tube stations: West Kensington and West Brompton. The hotel is located right in the middle of these two stations, so there isn't really an advantage between one another. It takes me about 10 to 15 mins walking to either one of the train station, and it wasn't that great of an experience when I first arrived at the West Kensington station, dragging my luggage, and walking to the hotel under mild rain. Other than the location, everything about the hotel is good. The most important factor to me is to have a nice clean room to come back to after a whole day of sight-seeing and walking, and being able to take a nice shower, and get a good night sleep in a comfy bed, which this hotel provided me.	
Mar 6 2007	Stay Here!!	Great hotel!...much larger room and more modern facility then similar places we've stayed at in New York or Paris last two years....nice continental breakfast with room...busses right there, tube nearby...we had no problem with the neighborhood and walked around in it most evenings of our one week stay....nice little historic pub about a five minute walk away on Lille Rd.: The Prince of Wales....Stay Here!	
Feb 15 2007 	Good Vaule	Great hotel, rooms are new and large, bus at door, metro 10 mins walk, and very cheap for a London hotel !!! The area it is bit scarry at night though, so not recommended for sole female traveller walking back to the hotel from metro station.	
Feb 13 2007	Good value for money	Stayed here on a business trip for 2 nights and it met my needs perfectly. The rooms are a reasonable size, clean, quiet, comfortable and with a good shower. The location is very good; walking distance to the Earl's Court and Olympia complexes and two tube stations. The breakfast is basic but plentiful. You get a choice of cereals, fruit and baked goods. The staff are very friendly and helpful and seem to know the local area well.Although they don't serve any meals other than breakfast, there is no shortage of good restaurants nearby. A 7 minute walk south to Fulham Road offers more dining choices than most people would need. I can recommend the Gourmet Burger Kitchen - best burger I've had in a long time!Overall, a good, practical hotel at a good price.	
Jan 30 2007	good value	nice sized room. helpful staff , easy to get to metro and the sights from this area, a very good value for your time and money	
Jan 19 2007	Highly Recommended	Highly recommended; would come back again. My wife and I stayed here for the week before Christmas. The hotel was new, bright, cheerful, clean, very quiet and comfortable. The room was larger than we'd had at more traditional B&amp;Bs in London previously, and quite adequate for the two of us and our luggage. The bathroom was also large, and all the facilities worked well. We got a decent price on the web (including a good continental breakfast each morning) but booked by phone. The staff were friendly, professional and courteous. The hotel is only about 1/4 mile from both West Kensington and West Brompton tube stations, and just under 1/2 mile from Earl's Court station (the nearest stop for the Picadilly Line from Heathrow). The neighbourhood is a little down-market, but it seemed to have a sense of community, and we felt perfectly safe even after dark. Good value for the money, certainly by London standards.	
Nov 28 2006 	OK for the price but beware of tube renovation works	Fair things first: the prices offered for this hotel are very good compared to what you can find elsewhere in London. Hotel is clean, breakfast is OK, rooms are OK. Neighborhood is OK, restaurants and food stores around are abundant. Tube stations are within a short distance and in theory London is just a few stations away. BUT, what you really should be aware about and further enquire for the days you would spend is the series of works that are being carried out in the tube on weekends. On a Saturday West Kensington station was closed. On a Sunday we took the train at West Brampton and only after arriving at Earl's Court we found out that the District and Circle lines were closed from this station through Aldgate/White Chapel. For the amount of people (residents and tourist) with lost looks you could see it was not a matter of us not knowing how to get ourselves around. It took us one hour to arrive at Westminster. We wanted to attend the change of the guard (St James stations was of course closed) so we simply missed it. On a regular weekday there were always delays on most lines, and I am sure the train drivers must be tired of apologizing so much for the delays. In short what you gain in price you may lose in time.	
Nov 24 2006 	Great Hotel Great Location	After much searching for a reasonably priced hotel in London, we found this Holiday Inn, which we booked through the hotel website for £75, including breakfast. We stayed there from Oct 24-28, 2006. The property is fairly new and was very clean. The room was small but well-lit and well designed. Breakfast was the standard cereal/pastries/toast/yogurt, but there was always plenty of food.Only hand and bath towels were supplied - no washcloths, (which we also found in other places we stayed in England and Ireland) and the bed had a duvet but no top sheet, which was a little different from what we're used to in the USA.The hotel was within 5-10 minutes walking distance of 3 tube stations, West Brompton, West Kensington, and Fulham Broadway. We flew into Gatwick, and the hotel website recommended that we take the Southern train, rather than the tube, to West Brompton, for £9. That took about 1/2 hour. The other option is to take the Gatwick Express, but that goes to Victoria Station, and you have to switch to the tube for the rest of the journey. The train was by far the better choice. We walked back to the hotel from both the Brompton and Fulham stations after dark and felt totally safe. The Fulham station is in a shopping center. We ate at nearby pubs called the Jolly Malterer, The Goose, and The Prince of Wales. There is lots of shopping south along North End Road, including grocery stores and street vendors. Avis car rental is near the West Brompton tube stop, where we picked up a car when we left London. There was also an internet shop nearby where you can check email, etc. for £1 an hour.Unfortunately, smoking is still allowed in all the pubs, but that is supposed to change in July 2007. The hotel is located in Zone 2 of the tube, and we bought a 3-day pass for about £15 per person. It took us about 20 minutes to ride into city center. We recommend everything we did in London: the Eye, London Tower, Westminster Abbey, the Food Court at Harrod's, the Cabinet War Rooms Museum, Queen's Gallery at Buckingham Palace, National Gallery, British Museum. We also took in a play called &quot;Voyage Round My Father&quot; starring Derek Jacobi, it was excellent. Also recommend Gloriette Patisserie near Harrod's.We would definitely stay at this hotel again. The price was reasonable and the location excellent. Even though it wasn't near the attractions we wanted to see, the tube ride into the city was short and the neighborhood safe. London was a really busy city with lots of people out and about at all hours. Use the public transportation and don't drive!	
Nov 21 2006 	Great nights stay	Stayed here on a sunday night and was able to book an incredible rate of £45/night for a family of 4! The hotel is a 5-10 min walk from the west kensington/brompton tube stations. However the walk to the west kensington tube passes by a tesco express + other small shops. The hotel is very new and the rooms clean, good TV, shower facilities, but a bit tight for a family of 4 , with not much storage space. The check in staff are very friendly. The kids enjoyed the lift up to the 5th floor as it is an external glass affair. The buffet in the morning is basic but there is enough to get you going in the morning. Although it can be a rugby scrum for tables, eating utensils, plates etc. To be fair it was school holiday time and the staff were struggling to keep up with the numbers of people. Overall a very good basic hotel, fantastic value for london for smaller families!	
Nov 7 2006 	Good value	Booked for £74 per night via the hotel's website. Stayed for 2 nights. Family of four in one room so a bit cramped but on the whole it's good value for money. Great if you're not planning on spending much time actually in the hotel. It's clean, breakfast is good value, service is friendly but unobtrusive. Location is not brilliant but we found it ok to use taxis to get there and back and then use the tube around central London. Both tube stations are about a 10 minute walk away - I think West Brompton is slightly closer than West Kensington, but the various branches of the District Line were a bit confusing at times for newcomers!!You could pay a lot more for lower standards elsewhere in London so on the whole this is a safe bet.	
Oct 29 2006 	excellent value for money	We stayed here for four nights in October and we were delighted with this hotel. The rooms were kept clean and tidy. Breakfast was self-service continental with plenty of choice. It was available until after 10am which meant we could have a lie-in!!Its easier to get too from either West Kensington or West Brompton tube stations on the District lines. It has plenty of amentities around the hotel including a tesco express and a co-op which were very handy.We ate in the hotel one evening. It was a limited menu but we were so tired we were quiet happy with the large portion of pizza and chips. The other choices were chicken dish, scampi and pork....I THINK.Really would recommend this to anyone who wants somewhere to stay in London that is excellent quality for money, spacious and clean.	
Oct 21 2006 	Nice Place to stay for a visit	My wife and I stayed at this hotel from 2 Oct thru 8 Oct. We found the rooms to be clean and well provided. The staff was pleasant and helpful at all times of the day. There are many places that are reasonably priced to eat in the area just a short walk. The West Brom tube station is a very easy walk from the hotel. There are a number of internet cafes that you can use that are much cheaper than the hotels. Overall, we would use this hotel again. I probably would book over the internet the next time.	
Aug 29 2006 	Good location	HI Express Earls Court is in West Kensington, 1 tube stop from Earls Court. Hotel is only 10min walk from Fulham Broadway and another 10mins on for Chelsea football stadium, so good location. 5min walk from West Kensington tube station, turn left and walk down North End Road. Hotel is a new build and very clean and fresh looking.Complimentary breakfast was adequate with reasonable choice. Perfect choice for families and for price it is excellent. Rooms were spotless and beds comfy we had twin roomAir con is a plus for any hotel. Would thoroughly recommend hotel for anyone wanting to stay nr Earls Court	
Aug 28 2006 	exceptional for the price	Booked here with my wife and three sons for five nights and must say that everything was of an exceptional standard and i am happy that i reserved my rooms online for the full duration of our stay in london as i think it would have been hard to extend it at reception as i think it was fully booked at all times, so reviews do work ,would definetely recommend it .	
Aug 22 2006 	Great place to stay	Just returned from a three night stay at this hotel with husband and two kids. Hotel was very clean both public areas and guest rooms,breakfast was very good-continental, but plenty of it.A limited choice of evening meals were available in the bar area ie choice of kebabs with pitta bread and chips and a pint of lager included in the price or pizza,sweet and sour chicken etc. Hotel was close to tube which made it easy to get into central London and was within walking distance of Stamford Bridge-a bonus as we had booked a tour of the stadium.Area felt very safe.Must mention the ice machine in the lobby as it kept my youngest amused for ages!!! Only one small problem with reservation details which was put right immediately I pointed it out to receptionist.Staff very pleasant.Would definately stay here again-in fact already planning next trip!!	
Aug 20 2006 	Great Value in London	While this hotel is a bit off the beaten path, it is clean, comfortable and a real bargin. The only real challenge to this hotel is that transportation options are limited so it will take a extra 15-20 minutes to get to the major sights. If you are willing to make the trade off, there are many pluses to this hotel. The pluses are that 1) the hotel seems to be a brand new property (which is a major plus to all of us who have had to endure some of the tired old buildings typical of this type of accomodations); 2) the rooms are large and air conditioned, 3) bathrooms are well appointed (ours just had a shower); 4) check in was efficient and the lobby is large and bright, 5) the lobby bar is very convenient; 6) the complimentary continental breakfast is jut right, 7) there are many stores and restaurants in the area (I can't comment on the restaurants since we did not eat in the area - there were many convenience/grocery stores), 8) and most importantly, the rooms were spotless clean with very comfortable beds!!. Public transpotation options are fair - buses stop close to the hotel that will take you to High Street Kensington (right outside the hotel door) and Knightsbridge (around the corner). The closest Underground stop is the West Brompton Station (on the District Line). For the price I paid (75GBP) during the high season this is a great hotel!	
Aug 15 2006 	Exceptional Hotel Stay	I stayed at this Hotel from August 10-14, and can't find enough good things to report. The checkin was very pleasant. The assigned room was just great...seldom have I experienced such great housekeeping......even the spoons at the coffee/tea making area had the handles pointed exactly the same direction. The room/bath were exceptionally clean, well lit, and everything worked well...I enjoyed the heating/cooling availability. On Saturday evening, I unfortunately fractured a tooth, and the gentleman at the desk....I'm sorry to say that I did not get his name....found and put me in touch with a dentist who was able to see me Sunday.....yes, Sunday morning. I believe this to be an outstanding service by this Hotel employee. Everything about the hotel is well kept and extremely clean! Even though I experienced the &quot;nightmare&quot; of air travel during this visit....the hotel was my refuge. If you are in need of lodging that is reasonably priced, clean and comfortable....this is the place for you. You can get anywhere in London in a few minutes time from 2 tube stations just minutes from the Hotel, or by bus...the stop is just outside the hotel front door. I travel extensively, and give this Hotel my highest recommendation.	
Aug 10 2006 	Great hotel	Very good hotel - standard Holiday Inn Express.Not actually by the Earls Court Tube, but West Kensington. Only a short walk to the Earls Court Exhibition site though.Being a platinum member I was on the top floor, which was very quiet all night. Small rooms, but immaculately clean.Breakfast is good - cereals/cakes/toast/juices/tea/coffee.I got a rate of £74 per night, which is good for quality accomodation in London. (says all rooms £99 outside!)Only slight niggle was no check in until 2PM, after being abruptly told this, I was able to leave my bag in the baggage room no problem.Hotel was full over the nights either side when I was there though.	
Aug 9 2006 	First time in London	We took our first trip to London. Found very difficult to find decent hotel from internet. Everything is expensive. Just like in Paris... but as experienced Paris visitors (know where to stay for good and get good value), second time London would be better... when finding nice hotel. After readind reviews here and seen candid pics, we chose this one.We booked Express By Holiday Inn Earl´s Court from it´s website.We payed first night 56£ and other two nights 77£.Hotel is 10min walk away from those two tube stations. Best way is to take bus 74 from Earl´s court station. I tkaes you also to Harrod´s and Hyde Park (30min).Lounge is decent. Elevator with view was nice too. Room itself is little below average. Reminds me more Finnish hostel than a hotel. Bathroom was enough good, and yes... working airconditon was great to have when outside temperature was +35C (95F) and in tubes +54C (129F) in this July.We don´t know ... maybe we were lucky to find this hotel. You know, you can pay 99£ per night in London and still have facilities (toilet, shower) in hallway. But this hotel didn´t gave any &quot;wow&quot; or pleasant feel to stay. We got room, that had locked door to room next to. That means every noice was heard from neighborougs. Okay we were unlucky... And this wasn´t the issue in this review. But please mention this at hotel reception, if you want to have family rooms connection for 4 to sleep. On our stay hotel was full. So no chance to change it.However single beds were good to sleep. Sat-TV. Tea-making facilities. No minibar. Limited safeboxes in reception. Didn´t get one, hotel was fully booked. Low-pressure shower.Anyway we spent more time in the city than in this hotel.Breakfast... Had eaten in past as this worse one once in Paris.You get coffee, boilded water for tea and cacao from automat.Two small vacum packed cheases as every guests took that yellow one from orange option one. Because it was better. Hotel staff put in one morning only those orange ones to have them consumed but we kindly asked yellow cheeses ;) 2 small marmelad packings, peach from a can, no veges, no fruits and small box of Kellog´s Cornflakes with milk. Self service. I wonder why other reviewrs here kept this buffetbreakfast as a good one. Maybe we were lucky with this hotel but I don´t think so.Hotel surroundings remainded us occationally New York´s Chinatown and Avenues A, B, and C. But near hotel it was safe to walk anyway. There is also that famous Earl´s Court arena where Red Hot Chilli Peppers was having their shows.Won´t come back to this hotel. Service was okay and billing was exact. Be sure to reserve this hotel from their website as other sites may sell it without taxes and that is 17% more to your check out bill.For &quot;cheap&quot; and fresh food eating in London I recommend Prett!	
Jul 23 2006 	Great stay in London	Stayed here between 4th &amp; the 10th June 2006Very good location-7min walk to either West Brompton or West Kensington tube station, bus stop on doorRooms are large as is the bathroom. Bed very comfortable and overall very cleanStaff are great (very helpfull)Good Continental breakfastWe would highly recommend and it was a brilliant price at 77pounds a night	
Jul 20 2006 	Nice Hotel at a good price.	My family and I just returned from a 7 day holiday in London and thoroughly enoyed our stay. The Express at Earls Court is about 3 blocks from either the West Kensington or West Brompton tube station. It takes about 18 minutes from there to Embankment station downtown. Hotel seems very new with a very modern look. Our room had a double bed and sofa bed, not the most comfortable but not bad. Room was small but well designed and efficient. The air conditioning was nice to have in the hot weather we experienced. The complimentary breakfast was very good, cereal, yogurt, fruit, toast, pasteries, cheese, coffee, juice etc. Area around the hotel is OK other than a couple of dodgy looking apartment blocks, we had no problems day or night. There is a large grocery store about 15 minutes away that has great prices if you want to pick up something for a picnic. Price we payed was much lower than anything in else in central London. Yes I'd stay at this hotel again !	
Jul 6 2006	worth more than you paid in london	My family stayed 4 nights there in end June. With the budget we paid, I had a headache to find an air-conditioned hotel with a convenient location, especially in London. Finally with the help of this website, we discovered that the group of hotels named Express by Holiday Inn under Intercontinental Group can solve our problem, even in Paris. It is a new, clean, modern, nice and friendly budget hotel. They offer free breakfast for us. They also have a large LCD TV in the cafe where we could watch the news, learn the weather and watch the World Cup games during our breakfast time. They even have the fexibility for me taking in my brother with additional charge of 10 s.p. per night. And my brother will not need to travel far to join us before we started our tight visit schedule each morning. The neighbourhood of this hotel is also pleasant with a lot of restaurants, supermarkets, cafes, convenient stores, shops and a small market which is a few streets behind. There is a Chinese &quot;take-away&quot; restaurant located at the corner which is offering a variety of delicious chinese dishes and there are some Indian restaurants too. You will find KFC and &quot;Mark &amp; Spencer&quot; when you walk towards the Fulham direction. West Brompton and West Kensington tube stations are within 5-7 minutes walk. Actually there 2-3 buses running between West Kensington station and the hotel. (we did not notice until the third day of our stay). But a walk to stations were not difficult each morning. It was fast and convenient for us to explore everywhere each morning when we started from our hotel.The only complaint is that our rented car got scratched over the night when we parked it along the free parking space alongside of the hotel. (However, road parking in London is not safe at all. We saw some other cars got purposely damaged along roadside each morning. What selfish and irresponsible Londoners!!!).I will definitely stay at this hotel again when we are back to London.	
Jul 3 2006	A Great place to stay...	we stayed there in june/2006 and i would say it was a great hotel and a very good price the only thing i would say is that the area around the hotel leaves a little to be desired and i did feel safe but there were people comeing out of back alleys and drunk but ove all get by that and it is a great place with a great staff...	
Jun 6 2006	Love this Holiday Inn Express	Stayed at this hotel for 6 nights. We are a family of four. All of us this hotel. Excellent location, good breakfast and very courteous staff. 5 to 10 minutes walk to west brompton and west kensington tube stations; Buses 28 and 74 stop very close to this hotel. If you buy Oyster card for travel within London, you will end up alighting just in front of this hotel.I would recommend this hotel to anyoone. I know where I will stay when I visit London again!!!!	
Jun 2 2006	Good value hotel	stayed at this hotel in April, good value for a family of four with breakfast included, kids stay and eat free.. .the rooms are modern and clean.. the location is good, about 5 minutes walking distance to West Kensington underground station , and plenty of places to eat around the place, there is also a cheap internet cafe next door and from what we can tell in a few days seems like a quiet area... we found this a good base to explore London without the price tag compared to other hotels in to the centre... The staff are also friendly and helpful. Overall we enjoyed our stay there... Only tip, on your first day, if you take the tube to get to the hotel don't be misled by the hotel title of &quot;earls court&quot; and get off at Earls court... it's far from this tube station... you need to get off at West Kensington..	
Apr 22 2006	Take a book for the subway	I stayed at the Holiday Inn Express Earl's Court in mid November 2005 for 4 days, and was very happy with the hotel. It is actually brand new, not rennovated, and it shows. The rooms were medium sized but well arranged, and everything worked, unlike in most budget London hotels. You can get a good bargain via the hotel chain site if you book in advance with no cancellation. Overall, I would happily recommend the hotel per se, but you have to weigh the location against the price.From the hotel it will easily take you 30 minutes to get to the heart of London (Picadilly Circus, say), as you need to walk or take the bus to the closest tube station (either South Kensington or West Brompton) and then you will probably need to change line and travel for 10 stations or so. So plan your sightseeing well, as it takes a long time to get to and from the hotel. Tube tips: change from the District line to another one as soon as possible; allow plenty of time for the tube to Heathrow, it makes lots of stops to get there from Earl's Court and it seems to always have delays somewhere (had 10-15 minute delays in 4 out of 4 trips!).Another minor quibble: the hotel charges in GBP (naturally), but when I paid by credit card the rate was converted to EUR (my currency) and I was charged a (small) commission! I have never encountered this lame practice elsewhere in the UK, or indeed, anywhere else in the world.	
Apr 14 2006	good value	Stayed here in 2005..but I am writing the review in 2006...A good hotel, for the price. Rooms are renovated, clean. The dining room is nice and modern. I hope they did renovate the main entrance. Location? Excellent. From the airport ( where you can buy passes), by subway (same train, no exchange) it takes 30 minutes or less to get to Earls Court. I would not take a taxi. No need. Elevators can be used in places, airport and subway so no problems with the luggage. From Earls Court subway station, use the elevator again, go out and in 2 minutes you are at the hotel. As you get out, 1st to the right and than the 1st street (there is a grocery store at the corner) again right. From Earls Court subway station...easy to get everywhere. In the morning…pastries, juice, milk, coffee, butter and jam. I would recommend.	
Apr 6 2006	Excellent value for money	We arrived at the hotel at 9.30am and although we were unable to check in, we were able to park our car in the secure car park next door to the hotel. We then walked to the Kings Road and Sloane Square shopping areas (some good places for food including the Bluebird - Conran restaurant). Went into the west end in the evening by tube (West Kensington station 5 mins walk) and returned around 11pm, felt very secure and safe.Hotel room was very clean, and the hotel had a good overall feeling. Tea/Coffee tray and complimentary toiletries in the room and toothpaste when asked for (we had forgotten ours). Had an early start as we had to be at Heathrow for 0730 (20 minutes drive away). Although breakfast did not start until 7am the staff were happy for us to have juice and cereals and 0645, and would have had additional pastries etc.. but the delivery had not yet arrived. Excellent hotel and great value for money - we paid £50.96 for a double room with breakfast and an additioanl £12 for parking which is very cheap by London standards. Would stay again.	
Mar 19 2006	Modern Clean and Very Helpful	We recently spent 9 nights at the Earls Court Holiday Inn Express, and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The hotel is new, very clean and the staff were without exception, very accomodating and helpful. The rooms are small by North American standards, but efficient, and cleverly functional. A decent continental breakfast is included and regularly restocked. A quality TV with a useful interactive hotel convenience menu. A little street noise at night, but nothing disruptive. The hotel fronts on North End Road, which is an interesting ethnic market area of shops, street stalls and restaurants. Always felt safe on the streets, but we were not out late at nights. Would not hesitate to return.	
Feb 16 2006	Modern smart but small rooms and suprisingly noisy		
Jan 25 2006	Extremely Clean and Quiet		
Jan 9 2006	Nice modern night stop		
Dec 13 2005	Great place to stay with a family		
Sep 27 2005 	Excellent Hotel		
Aug 29 2005	Nice		
Jul 20 2005	Great Value		
Jul 17 2005	New clean and modern		
Jul 10 2005	Highly Recommend HIExpress-Earl's Court		
Jun 14 2005	Excellent Value Hotel		
Nov 5 2009 	A éviter ....		
Aug 30 2009 	ottimo albergobuon rapporto qualità prezzo		
Aug 14 2009 	A recommander		
Jun 4 2009 	Excellent rapport qualité/prix à Londres		
May 18 2009 	Très bien		
Apr 19 2009 	impeccable		
Mar 26 2009 	da provare		
Mar 17 2009 	es: Camere decenti ottimo personale ci ritorneremo		
Feb 22 2009 	Chambre familiale petit déjeuner inclus!		
Jan 23 2009 	Un piacevole soggiorno all'insegna del risparmio		
Jan 3 2009 	Buena relación Calidad-Precio		
Aug 31 2008 	Ottimo Hotel		
Jul 29 2008 	A 30 minuti di metro dal centro		
Feb 13 2008 	Fantastico Hotel		
Feb 9 2008 	Sehr zum Empfehlen!		
Oct 1 2007 	Todo bien		
Sep 22 2006 	Una buena elección		
