Nov 25 2009 	Great budget hotel good location	ADVANTAGES: Very cheap for a london hotel (we paid £79 a night room only for a family room). Comfortable, warm rooms with tv, tea tray and one of the best power showers I've ever had in a hotel/B&amp;B. Excellent location, only a few minutes walk from Old Street, Moorgate and Liverpool Street Stations. There are plenty of restaurants and stores on the doorstep, although being the commercial district, some of the shops don't open on a weekend which wasn't really a problem for us. There was a restaurant and bar on the ground floor, and although didn't have breakfast at the hotel, it was only £7.50 for all-you-can-eat buffet breakfast.DISADVANTAGES: Very small basic rooms, but there were three of us and we knew in advance that we were getting what we paid for. Our room was above a bar or club which was slighly annoying but I daresay if you requested a quiet room they would do their best to assist you.This travelodge was excellent value for money, fantastic location. We weren't expecting the Ritz and it was a nice comfortable room to come back to after a day of sightseeing.	
Nov 24 2009 	do not stop at this hotel	Myself and my wife stopped at this hotel as a package with going to a theatre included. We arrived at the hotel 14:45 and were told we could not book in until 1500 or we would be charged £10 for the priveledge, not a good start. I needed the toilet so selected the one in the bar area and could not go to this unless I had a room key which I obviously did not have. On arriving into our room it was immediately clear that the room had been built recently and at the one end there was a large space where it would appear they had forgotten to put a sofa or some kind of furniture, it was just a large space with nothing in it. The other thing we noticed was the smell which up to now I still couldn't say what it was. We had three pillows in our room so went to the reception to ask for another one (as it was like sleeping on a flat board) to be told 'well you have three don't you?' and that they had not got another one for us. On the second day the cleaner (I will say it was a clean place) left the two of us one hand towel and one bath towel. The hotel was not well situated for the west end theatres and the area it was in was rough, loud and intimidating. It was near to the local tube station so it was good for that. All in all Don't bother!!	
Nov 19 2009 	great location great value	I've stayed at this hotel many times over the past 2 years and I have to say it is in a great location and great value (especially if you manage to get some of the discount rates). On this trip we paid £19 per room per night - £57 for three nights in the best city in the world.The rooms (with a couple of exceptions, usually at the end of the corridors) are spacious and clean though basic. It can be a bit noisy at certain times (there is a club at the back of the hotel) so be sure to ask for a quiet room on arrival.The staff are generally friendly but tend to be a little over worked as this is quite a sizable establishment. They are really only there to check you in - anything else you need to be self sufficient.Don’t use the bar for breakfast or other meals unless you really have too – there are much better places outside the front door.Excellent transport links are a short distance away - with Moorgate, Old Street and Liverpool Street stations all nearby.This is a no frills affair so don't book if you want hair dryers and trouser presses in the room!	
Nov 3 2009 	if u wanna get robbed this is your hotel!	My friend and I went out for dinner, and when we got back the door to our room was wide open and the light was turned on. Our cellphone and i-pod were stolen. When we contacted the reception, they said that they had to contact their boss the next morning before they could do anything, and they said &quot;if u are looking for security, u should check in at the Merriot&quot; When we spoke to the boss the next morning, he had not heard about the robbery, and he didn't seem to care either, even though i made a point out of &quot;good customer service&quot; and bad reputation. We had to find the number to the police by ourself, and the staff was surprisingly little helpful about the whole case.The police said that they already had a lot of complains about that hotel, about the same things, and that the management didn't seem to care.	
Oct 26 2009 	Shame about inconsiderate guests!!	We stayed at the hotel for 2 nights (23-25th Oct). We just wanted a clean cheap basic hotel to get showered and sleep in. The hotel was quite secure as you had to use your card to enter hotel after 10pm and had to use your card to enter the lifts to the rooms.Rooms were very basic but clean no iron, hairdryer, toiletries, there was tea and coffee but not very much but you only have to ask for more at the reception same if you need more pillows and they do have a hairdryer and iron if you want to borrow one. We stayed in room 641 when we arrived we were supprised as other reviews had complained about noise and the heat the room was quiet no road traffic noise and the room was a nice temp there is a heater on the wall which was controllable.We must of been in the middle of the hotel because the view was other rooms and a wall. So far so good. That was untill Friday night. We got back to the hotel after an evening out at about 11.30 we were disturbed by slamming doors and youngsters going out to the clubs eventually all went quiet at about 12.45am fell asleep then was woken at 4.15am by inconsiderate Americans why do they have to shout they were carrying on the party in the corridoor outside our room I got up and asked them politly to keep there voices down dorrs slammed went quite then again at 4.40am 4.50am 5.20am whan again I told them unpolitly to shut up. They were going from room to room two bokes and two women you only need to use your imagination to know what they were up to. Finally it went quite at 6.20am you could even hear them in their rooms!! Saturday night was slightly better Americans must have left. We did hear a group of English lads going out at about 12.30 and we heard them come in at 6.00am and a girl who had lost her card thet was trying to wake her mate up but we did manage a bit more sleep. To be honest it reminded me of holidays in Teneriffe. We did not use the restaurant. My husband went out sat morning to get a paper and came back with a bacon roll and cappicino from a little cafe near subways, it was the best bacon roll that i had tasted definatly recomended.Mooregate tube station a few mins walk to the right of the hotel(as you leave) we bought Oyster cards much cheeper.We drove to London and used the NCP car park No 20 Paul street there were loads of spaces its not protrolled but my husband checked the car sat morning and is was fine it is £9.20 for 24hours it was a bit difficult paying but that was our fault as we didn't have change and our card would not work in the machine but we registered over the phone and payed that way. It's about 5 min walk from hotel but its at the back of the hotel through side streets.All in all we would have been delighted with the hotel if it hadn't of been spoilt by loud Americans guests, if you are thinking of staying here and expect to go out clubbing please spare a thought for us older guests and keep the noise down in the coridoors.	
Oct 25 2009 	london was a surprise	We travelled to london with 3 children, 17,8 &amp; 6. Wanted a hotel near to things so that travelling there was reduced and this hotel did provide that. The bus stop outside took you into all the tourist attractions also there was 2 tube stations at each end of the road both 10 minutes walk. oyster cards where the easiest way for us to travel on and it was easy to use. The hotel was basic, the family room was one of the smallest we have ever stopped in but for 3 nights we managed, it was clean and comfortable. The breakfast did provide a good start to long days, the dinners where not so great and there's better around and about. The staff all struggled with there english but did try to be helpful. The security of the card swipe internals doors where reasurring. Overall a pleasent stay but a fantasic holiday.	
Oct 12 2009 	Hotel served a purpose	We wanted an economy hotel for three nights and in City Road location. The bus stop immediately outside Travelodge had many routes and regular buses (I picked up a bus map at Euston station and bus 205). I asked for a quiet room with shower and got 7th floor. We had the window closed due to the noise. Room was very clean indeed but basic - no hairdryer, telephone, pictures. Small hanging area and tea/coffee facilities in the room. I purchased the breakfasts in advance which is a little cheaper. Very basic breakfast but had cereals, oranges and grapefruit, yoghurt, cooked food, toast and croissant. 3 lifts all functioned swiftly - the hotel was very busy. Large dining area but it filled by 8 am. on Saturday. North of the hotel is Old Street (Exit 4 for East side of City Road South). I picked up a useful local map in the underground station for the Old Street area. Moorgate underground on the south side too.	
Oct 8 2009 	IMPOSSIBLE to get to call reception - spent 45 minutes with phone ringing.	I left something of value in the room. In trying to call reception in the afternoon, I spent 45 minutes with the line ringing. The phone rings for 7 minutes and 20 seconds before the line goes dead and I have to call back again. A couple of times the line was busy. I tried calling the General Enquiries - whose call centre is somewhere like Barcelona - but they were unable to provide any help. There was no other number to call for assistance.The most frustrating thing in the world and unbelievable that it would be this difficult trying to get through to someone to check if my important folder of documents had been found.I also would not expect 2:30 to 4:30 to be a particularly busy time that the staff would be unable to pick up the phone.	
Oct 1 2009 	Noisy!!	Clean rooms, close to ameneties and tube stations but oh so noisy! Corridors are boiling hot (room wasnt too bad) but even with windows shut the traffic noise was a pain and a half	
Sep 15 2009 	Some Good Some Not So Good.	Like several of the other reviewers we found the rooms to be far too warm/hot with the window closed, and when we opened the window the terrific noise from passing traffic was unbearable and made it difficult, if not impossible to sleep. When the window was closed the traffic noise was still loud, partly owing to the fact that daylight could be seen around the poorly fitted window frame, not only allowing in noise but also a draught., and we remained too hot. The double glazing is totally inadequate, which is surprising to say the least , in a newly refurbished hotel in this noisy location.There was a roller blind at the window ,and as the front of the hotel, where our room was located, is overlooked, it was necessary to have the blind lowered for most of the time we spent in the room. This of course meant that we were always reliant upon the electric lighting whether or not it was daylight outside. Breakfast was disappointing. The very watered down fresh orange juice was disgusting and the cooked items available were never hot, only just warm. Most of the staff were efficient and friendly but service in the restaurant could be extremely slow.A great pity as the location for access to the city is very good. Parking at the nearest NCP is expensive as you might expect. The photograph on the Travelodge website, appearing to depict the hotel is misleading. The picture in fact shows No.1 City Road on the corner, the Travelodge begins at No. 7. further up the road.	
Sep 10 2009 	Very acceptable Travelodge	This is quite a large Travelodge, on the edge of the City. Location is convenient, between two tube stations (Old Street and Moorgate), and with plenty of bars and restaurants close by.My room was on the inside, so no great view but it was quiet enough. It was quite basic but very clean, and everything in good condition. I had a disabled room, so the bathroom was HUGE.The corridors were very hot, but how much time do you spend in the corridor? My room was fine, and the windows opened.The bar/restaurant was very large for a Travelodge - there were plenty of people in there when I arrived, watching the England match. Breakfast was standard but good value for money if booked in advance.I didn't have much interaction with the staff as I only stayed for one night, but reception was efficient and friendly enough, and the restaurant staff also welcoming and polite.Travelodge is a basic, good value chain, especially if you get one of their deals - it's not the hotel experience of a lifetime, but it's a reasonable place to sleep!	
Sep 5 2009 	ok	booked a twin room but on arrival got a double room. went back to reception and they said they didnt do twin beds but said we could have a disabled room which was two single beds pushed together.The hotel is easily missed unless your looking for it from the outside. it is a 5min walk to the tube station. There are a few restaurants around the hotel, i recommend the curry place accross the road they do a great chicken korma. the hotel has a bar and somewhere to eat as well as vending machines for drinks and snacks. there are also a few computers to access the internet at a cost but they were constantly busy the whole 3 days i spent there.The rooms are very basic, cream walls, desk, shelves, a very odd chair but it was very clean i must say. not a very good view out of the window unless u like looking at other people in their rooms and others looking at you.Would stay there again, value for money.	
Sep 4 2009 	Everything we needed !!	Found the hotel to be everything we needed for our short trip of two nights with friends and there two children. Rooms were clean, nice fresh bedding, only one towel between two but managed to get more from the maid. The location is great and we used the resteraunt and bar both nights, the food was fine and wasn't over priced.Enjoy ........ p.s. take a very comfy pair of walking shoesManchesterMissBee	
Sep 1 2009 	Our Worst Hotel Experience EVER!!!	We booked this hotel for 3 nights from Aug 28th to Aug 30th as we were attending a film festival in Leicester Square. We had previously stayed here last year with no real problems so didn't hesitate to book again when we managed to get a room for £29 a night. Check in was quick and easy and the maid service was excellent but they were the only positives of our stay. We were staying on the 5th floor and as soon as you stepped out of the lift the heat hit you, it was like a sauna and the room was barely any cooler. The room itself was perfectly acceptable however the noise from the nightclub somewhere below was atrocious, We were kept awake until 3.30am on all 3 nights by the banging music and car horns and that was with the window closed!Besides this we had trouble entering the hotel late at night on all 3 nights due to the key card not working, having to wait up to 5 minutes for reception to open the door. It wasn't just us this happened to as there was often people stuck outside.All three lifts were broken on the Sunday night Monday morning with everyone having to use the stairs or the tiny emergency lift. As we got the room for £29 a night we could overlook some of these things however for those that pay the full room price it's far from acceptable.The bottom line is that if you do stay here be sure to bring some earplugs or be suitably drunk upon going to bed.	
Aug 21 2009	Good Clean Accommodation - Very Noisy at Night	I stayed at the hotel for 4 nights from Monday 17 August, we booked months ago and got a very cheap deal and the hotel was well worth the price and more. Very clean, staff more than helpful (I got extra towels and pillows every night - no problem). However, the weather has been very very hot and the rooms were boiling, leaving the window open helped but the noise outside from the Tesco Extra next door at closing and opening seemed deafening on our 1st floor room which was at the back of the building, and on Thursday night a disco just down the road made it even worse. All in all I can't complain we got a great deal and for the price it was brilliant, however families with young children may not be able to cope with the noise so easily.	
Aug 21 2009 	Good location 	Me &amp; my boyfriend stayed here for 1 night on 10th August, we had booked in advance and it cost us £32 - we had originally booked this for after a Michael Jackson concert, as it was non refundable we decided to go anyway.We have stayed in many travelodges and this hotel was the usual Travelodge standard, though I must say the staff were some of the most polite &amp; helpful we have come across.The hotel has a very large bar and restaurant area which is also a Costa Coffee. We had a night cap and the prices of the alcohol were more than reasonable, in the bar area there are also 3 computers wired up like an internet cafe - £1 for 20mins browsing, which is a good idea in my opinion. Also 3 or 4 vending machines in the reception area.I would 100% agree with others, the corridors &amp; lifts are absolutely ROASTING, its like being in a sauna and isnt very pleasant. The room itself was quite warm but the window did open.We were at the front of the hotel and the road is very nosey but with the window shut at night its fine.Great location, short walk from Moorgate station, again - would agree with others and suggest you avoid Old Street station as its not very nice. There are plenty of restaurants, cafes and a few shops and a Tesco exress right next door to the hotel. If you stay midweek you will find the area quite busy as its in one of the banking districts.Overall we had a pleasant stay and the location is convenient and cheap for central London, we headed down to the river by the TATE and had a lovely meal at &quot;The Real Greek&quot; - highly recommend.There is a NCP car park next to the hotel but its pricey and we say homeless people sleeping in the entrance (which is norm for London), so train is much easier and convenient.	
Aug 17 2009 	great location but beware of the heat!	fab location and 4 mins walk to moorgate tube station, don't get me wrong the hotel is clean and the staff are helpful but and this is a very big but....this hotel is roasting hot!The lifts and the corridoors of this hotel are boiling hot with no air con, the rooms are also very warm and because we were on the 7th floor or window only opened a few inches making it an uncomfortable nights sleep.On the plus its handy having a bar on site and we did eat here and the food is average but it's cheap and cheerful and was a good value hotel, it's just a shame they don't put air con in the lifts and corridoors as this would make it less average and more ideal.Oh and we ordered two pints on magners and were given two bottles of magners and tumblers with ice in and were told they only had 7 pint glasses! A pub in london with no pint glasses............shocking! It's funny but Fawlty Towers springs to mind! But hey ho we used it as a base to go and see U2 at wembley and they were amazing! So it was all ok in the end :-)	
Aug 16 2009 	Very basic few tv channels and be aware of the night club	Standard travelodge offering good prices for London. There is a night club right next to the hotel, so if you are unlucky and a light sleeper you may have problems sleeping.I have stayed here twice this year. The first time was on a Sunday night for which I paid £20, I was out for most of the night, so no complaints apart from having to go down and request some towels.The second night I stayed on a Monday night for £80, and spent most of the evening in the room. I didn't enjoy this much as there were only six working tv channels, (no channel 5!). Spending a lot of time in one of these rooms, you do notice things like no pictures on the walls, and just how sparsely furnished these places are.I paid for breakfast on both stays, and whilst it is all you can eat, the quality of the food is quite poor, and I would recommend getting breakfast elsewhere.	
Aug 15 2009 	Try yourself before relying on negative views.....	We were checked in very quickly by very friendly staff. The rooms were clean and comfortable. True the windows are only open slightly,but it is a long drop. There was traffic noise, but that was stated in the Travelodge details. Breakfast were fab, what more could anyone ask for..I've read a few negative reviews on here but what do people expect for the price.. GREAT VALUE FOR MONEY.....Will be returning in the future.	
Aug 13 2009 	poor is not good enough	no soap in the roomstowels for one in each room (despite threee booked in each)no bedding in each roomtook 30 mins to check inboiling hot all night despite outside temp bearablekept awake until five am by tooting horns and noise from clubwe paid very little but for a nightmarechose travelodge by the way because of it functionality and general good value	
Aug 11 2009 	clean and great value for central london	Ok this is a travelodge so you expect basic accomodation but once you have established that this hotel is a great find. Hotel - large, clean, modern, no problems with staff, breakfast, food, bar service and vending machines on all floors. 3 lifts but no left luggage due to security in city location. payable early check in/late check out available. family rooms usually 1st/2nd floor with double bed plus 1 single with extra lower pull out for 4th bed. shower &amp; bath but no toiletries or hairdryer. tv and tea/coffee making facilities in room. Fans available as no air con. Location - set in the heart of the financial city with a bus stop right at the front door and 2 tube stops at each end of the street - moorgate and old street. 5 mins walk to both. Personally prefer moorgate - area not as quiet at night. 10/15min walk from Liverpool St station. Road in front of hotel noisy with traffic and nearby clubs at night but pretty good sound proofing and you are in the centre of london! Mainly office environment but some bars, restaurants, shops and a subway takeaway on same street. Ideally tesco express next door and M&amp;S 2 min away. However very quiet area at weekends most shops/bars late opening or closed.Value - room rates vary from fantastic sale rate of £9.99 to approx £150 per night. Not worth £150 but can get amazing bargains. We paid approx £120 4 nights family of 4!! This is our 2nd stay here after being recommended by a friend and will definately stay again. If like us you plan to spend all day exploring this fab city and will basically just use your hotel to sleep, this is a fab clean, great value choice with excellant transport links. Tip: I would always chose to stay slightly further away from some of the busier areas say the west end where a lot of the hotels are but which is alway noisy and frantic. As long as you are near a bus stop and tube station everything is within 5-10 min tube ride.	
Aug 7 2009 	Not built for summer	Ok, so we stayed there over the hottest week in 6 years but didn't ease the lack of air conditioning or a window that could be opened more than 4 inches. The only air conditioned part of the hotel was the reception. As for room service, two of us had one hotel style sliver of soap between us for 4 days.First night in I was awaken at 0215 by the police arresting drunks from the night club over the road from my hotel window; and that was a Sunday night!	
Aug 7 2009 	Shoddy service	No record of our early check in payment. We had to log on to Internet ourselves to prove we had paid!!!!! Manager still didn't believe us so rang head office. Took ages to resolve!! Rooms fine but downstairs were disgusting!!!!!!!! Great location tho that's about the only good thing. Would not go back to this one and I stay at a lot of travelodges	
Jul 20 2009 	Does exactly what it says on the site.	Even though I booked the room for 12pm I entered it at 11:45AM as the staff were helpful and reception pretty quiet.  The room was spacious and clean with large windows on the 2nd floor but with a very small opening for fresh air, the toilet seat was also wonky. The noise from the traffic was also loud but it was expected and could be avoided if you move to a higher room.For food and drink avoid the bar/cafe and go across the road to a Subway, or turn right at the entrance and walk 10mins this will take you to a social hub with cafes/bars/pubs/newsagents but be careful of the subway/Tube entrance as it's full of beggers and smells of urine, stick to the traffic lights.A major problem I had with the hotel is ppl tend to hang around the entrance smoking, drinking, and sleeping. This is kind of off putting esp on your own. Also the early check in is &quot;Subject to availbility&quot; even if you have paid on -line.PS-The No 43 bus stops outside this entrance this takes you to London Bridge.	
Jul 11 2009	Oh dear........	Ive never written a particularly bad review for a hotel before, I try to highlight any good points it may have but alas, when it comes to the Travelodge, City Road, London, im going to have to be honest. It was appalling. I am actually a fan of Travelodge Hotels in general &amp; have stayed in many of them. To start with, it took us 30 mins to check in, im not sure why as there was only 2 people in front of us. The room was sweltering. The heat could only be relieved by opening a window onto, yes you guessed it, City Road, one of the busiest road in london. Along side that, the hotel is situated beside a strip club in which all sorts of questionable &amp; boisterous characters make there way in &amp; out of all hours of the night. It was funny listening to their conversations the 1st night, the 2nd night, the novelty had worn off along with patience after the police had to be called to sort out a row at 3am. They wouldn't/couldn't change our room although we pleaded with them. The blind fell off the wall the 2nd night so along side heat &amp; noise, we had to endure light. They have vending machines in the foyer for drinks/snacks/toiletries which on both nights would not provide any guest with change to use them which almost caused a riot as people were thirsty. &amp; as for the infamous coffee shop, dont believe them, a member of staff told me the coffee machine never worked! As i said, this is a first for me, normally i will find 1 redeeming thing about a hotel, not not this time.	
Jul 7 2009 	Budget Value	This is a comparatively new location for Travelodge. I booked online, and prices in advance are pretty reasonable. There are no frills. At all. But the room was spacious enough, TV had limited channels but was fine, bed comfortable, and everything worked the way it was supposed to. Because there's no phone or mini bar, and you've prepaid anyway, checkout simply consists of handing the key card back. The location is excellent for the City. I wouldn't bother with the on-site bar and cafe, as there are literally dozens of fine places to eat and drink within five minutes' walk. Personally, when travelling on business I don't feel the need to interact with the hotel staff much, and I like a quick in-and-out, slightly impersonal, but dependable and efficient accommodation experience, and as such, I can recommend this place.	
Jul 6 2009 	Good Location	Hotel in a good location - particularly to get to Wembley via tube from Moorgate. Don't bother with Old St station - bit rough and no closer than Moorgate.One of the better Travel lodges - recently refurbished, clean and no frills. As per any travel lodge/premier inn the windows don't fully open so it can get stuffy in a heat wave! And noisy outside - as per any London hotel I have stayed in (lots). Staff on reception pretty miserable but did their job. They were contactable by phone - the number for the hotel in on your booking and they answered each time I called. Maids very friendly and helpful.Didn't try breakfast but it smelt ok. Vending machines in lobby - expensive but good for emergency snacks/drinks. Restaurant doesn't serve lunch and not many places open nearby on a weekend. Master Gunner pub over the road does good food though.Not much else to put - good rates and location. Ear plugs probably required if you get a room near the nightclubs at the back.	
Jun 30 2009 	Stuffy and Noisy	This place would've been okay save for three things. Firstly it's incredibly stuffy. The only source of ventilation is a the window which you can only open about an inch. Secondly, when you open the window, you're subjected to the very loud noises of drunken people shouting, and car doors slamming through the early hours. Thirdly, the poor service. Every night of our stay I had to go and get the extra bedding and towels from reception as every night they forgot to put them in our room. Carrying laundry up to the third floor every night is not something I expect to do when I pay to stay in a hotel! Add to this a selection of indifferent receptionists and I have to say the service was pretty ordinary. having said that, the place was very clean and well located for travel and sightseeing. The breakfast was also very good value: The food was well-cooked, there was a good selection. You could eat as much as you liked and the kids ate free. A great start for good day's sightseeing. A real shame about the outside noise / lack of ventilation.	
Jun 28 2009 	Could have been very good ...... but failed .........	Our first problem here was that the hotel could not be contacted by phone in the 24hrs before we were due to check in - perpetually engaged. Understaffed at reception and a lottery as to whether you get friendly or indifferent treatment.The killer for us was 'noise' - a nightclub in the street to the back. 2am on a Monday morning and it was still in full swing. I can't recommend it, albeit it it is new, clean and convenient to the tube - the risk of you night being interrupted by the nightclub noise too great .... and despite the double glazed window - you cannot sleep through it without a drugs or alcohol ...........	
Jun 28 2009 	The only Travelodge I would recommend	We have stayed in a few travelodges that have been horrendous but after only paying £19 we were pleasantly suprised. The room was very spacious and quite a comfortable bed, very clean. Only downside was the room got quite hot even with the window open as wide as it would go.	
Jun 28 2009 	Travelodge - City Road	nice clean rooms, comfy bed - had a great nights sleep! was a bit of noise from outside but not too bad.bar downstairs was comfortable and drinks were fairly cheap.would use this hotel again and would recommend to anyone. but be aware that there aren't many late-night bars and the hotel doesn't offer a left luggage service.	
Jun 28 2009 	Functional	You get what you pay for, this is a cheap hotel in London offering clean, spacious rooms and the amenities they promise &quot;on the tin&quot;. You don't get fancy lotions, lots of fluffy towels or a mini bar, but if you're looking for somewhere reasonable to crash for a few hours, it's fine. Well located, safe and consistent - I'd stay there again.	
Jun 14 2009 	great for everything	Stayed for extended weekend with family for cup final /mamma mia and had a great time.easy for tube,hotel is clean breakfast was great value and the staff were brilliant.	
Jun 11 2009 	Very good but noisy!	The hotel was very good overall. Our room was clean and spacious and very comfortable. Staff were friendly. Food very good, however breakfast possibly overpriced (£7.50 per person all you can eat). Only complaint would be the noise from the road outside and the occasional helicopter taking off from literally across the road! (No joke, there is some kind of military building opposite the hotel!)Also noise from other guests kept us awake into the early hours, although you could consider this being no fault of the hotel.  Also, it is ideally situated for central London and tourist attractions. Very good hotel - would definitely stay again (although would request room at the back of the building away from the helicopter and road!!)	
May 30 2009 	Value for money	Unpersonal welcome although functional hotel. Rooms are spacious and comfortable, although a bit cold during winter. Lifts get too busy in morning due to many rooms. Breakfast lounge is in downstairs cafe' open to public which is not great, although food is good. Very close to underground and supermarkets.	
May 28 2009 	cheapest ever in London	I booked it for 19 pounds per night and it is unbelievably cheap as the hotel is in london zone 1. The hotel is basic and the staffs are not helpful. We arrived at hotel at 12 which is 2 hours before the cheak in time, they won't let you to store the luggage in the hotel. It is a real bargain hotel and you will get what you pay for.	
May 13 2009 	good location	We stayed on a saturday. The room was spacious and clean, very basic, but otherwise OK. There was no remote control. I asked reception about this, they said they will send one up, which they never did. But apart from that, no problems at all. Slept well (I guess that was due to location of the room). Good location (between 2 tube stops-- maybe it's better walk towards Moorgate Tube as it seems more busier than Old Street).	
May 10 2009 	My first and last Travelodge	My booking through superbreaks stated 2pm checkin, after traveling 4 hours and arriving at 2pm the guy and check in desk told us we could not check in until 3.00pm. After point out what the booking says I was told &quot;you can argue with the Manager&quot; . Not wanting to argue with anyone at all I pointed out to the manager I just wanted to be checked . The staff were bordering on the aggressive and refused to check us in to the three rooms until 3. As a &quot;gesture of goodwill&quot; they checked us into 1 room until the other 2 were ready. There was no activity in that hour on the remaining 2 rooms leaving me to believe they just didn't want to . THE CUSTOMER SERVICE AT THIS HOTEL IS APPALLING. The room contained 1 kettle, 1 towel, 2 cups a TV, bed , chair and nothing else. The corridor came alive at 4.00am and died down at 5.30am, you can't ring reception as there is no phone! Hairs in the shower tray. Yuck!Great location but please do not stay here , a youth hostel would be more accomodating.	
May 10 2009 	Great Value Excellent City centre Location	This hotel is only a 10min walk from Liverpool Street Train Station. There a several tube stations around all within 5min walking distance.Lots of shops and restaurants surrounding.This is an ideal location for a sight seeing tour of London.Rooms are very spacious and everything you need.	
May 7 2009 	Bring your own hairdryer	Hotel was easy to find and the rooms were clean and comfortable. Bar area really good and staff nice and friendly. The only problem I had was the hairdryer situation. They keep them at reception instead of in the rooms and they don't have enough for everyone. I had to check out of the hotel with wet hair and the temperature outside was nearly freezing. So even though they advertise that they have hairdryers, If you NEED to use one, bring your own just incase.	
Apr 28 2009	Lovely during the day.....noisy at night	The City Road Travelodge is in a great location, close to both the Old Street Station and Moorgate Station. It is in a very vibrant, energetic part of London with lots to see and do. The hotel staff was friendly and courteous, but not eager to go out of their way.The hotel itself is a good size, the room we had was spacious, and impeccably clean. Not a lot of natural light coming in, as we were looking out onto an inner courtyard. The only downfall to this location was the nightclub located on Tabernacle Street. Our room was not directly facing the nightclub, but we still could hear the heavy bass from the music. I only wondered how loud it was for patrons with rooms facing the nightclub. If you plan to stay here, ask for rooms far away from the nightclub. There are many restaurants and shops in the area. It is a very close walk to Spitalfields Market and Brick Lane. There is also a Marks and Spencer very close by, that has a Simply Foods in the basement for easy meals and snacks. A must see is to stroll throught the lovely Finsbury Circus, which has beautiful gardens, and park benches to sit and enjoy the sun.Would I recommend this hotel? Yes, but I would recommend that you bring your earplugs just incase you are close to the noisy nightclub.	
Apr 23 2009 	Helpful staff clean rooms Value for money Two stations from Euston	A seven floor travelodge, two underground stops from Euston.£5.50 for a underground ticket from 9.30am which gives you a little lie in if you have had a late nite. Buffet style breakfast with a not bad choice to start your day. Try and ask for a room in the middle of the hotel or at the back from floor 3 and up. Can be a lot of noise in the front rooms (but don't forget your in the city of London). We have used this hotel since it opened in Oct' 07.Remember it's not The Ritz, it's a Travelodge, you only have to ask at reception and they will do there best to help you.	
Apr 7 2009 	All in all pretty good!	The City Road Travelodge is the best Travelodge I've visited. By definition, it's a no-frills arrangement but it was clean and comfortable with a nice bed and bathroom. The restaurant is decent enough and the bar is reasonably-priced. There are some nice restaurants nearby and it's very near to both Old Street and Moorgate tube stations, so the locations is excellent.The only real drawback was that the hair-dryer was difficult to get hold of, which was a real inconvenience to my girlfriend, but if you're prepared to bring your own, and of course, your own soap, shampoo etc., then it's not a bad place to stay.	
Mar 4 2009 	Very clean amazing value convenient location	Booked this via the Travellodge's £19 a night deal, so it was an absolute bargain. Whole place spotlessly clean, modern furnishings, spacious bedrooms. Our bedroom (418) was facing the surrounding buildings so we had no issue of noise from the road.We prebooked the breakfast which was £7 each but all you can eat and very nice.The hotel is situated literally 5 minutes walk from Old Street tube station so very easily accessible and within walking distance from the trendy Hoxton nightlife, Brick Lane restaurants and on the major bus routes to London Bridge.Not the nicest of areas, as it did feel a bit dodgy walking round at night.	
Mar 3 2009 	What's the point of having a bed if you can't get to sleep for the noise?	Our room on the fifth floor was very starkly decorated and a bit musty but, hey, it was cheap.However, at 10pm, a nightclub in the street below began pumping out raucous beats, which got louder and louder until, at 3.30am, I could take no more and went down to reception to ask for another room (there was no phone in the room).The person on duty challenged me, questioned me, and looked generally annoyed that I'd woken him up. He said, &quot;It's a nightcub, what do you expect?&quot; I asked if they got regular complaints and he replied, &quot;yes, but only from the first or second floor rooms. We've never had one from the fifth This is very unusual.&quot; Eventually he moved me to another room at the front of the hotel, with no apology for the inconvenience. Five minutes later he came into my former room on the fourth floor as I was packing my stuff and said, rudely, &quot;Why are you still here? This room should be empty by now.&quot; I mean, please ...	
Mar 2 2009 	Good clean hotel in great location	Stayed here for valentines weekend. Room was clean and the staff are very friendly and helpful. The location is great, only 5 mins walk to nearest tube although the local area is a bit run down. Nice little Italian restaurant across the road that serves top nosh. The breakfast at the hotel was good and set us up for the day and well worth the money. We were on the first floor and facing the main road but found the room to be surprising quiet. Only down side are the pillows which are past their best by a long way but the bed was comfortable enough.	
Feb 17 2009 	Clean hotel in central location	For £39 a night on St. Valentine's Day, you can't go far wrong with this clean, relatively central, cheap hotel. From the reasonably sized rooms to the mere five minute walk to the nearest tube station (Old Street), the Travelodge is a good choice for anybody visiting London. One downside, if pressed, however, is that the street on which the hotel is situated does appear to be a little run-down, although this does little to tarnish the excellent service received at this establishment.	
Feb 16 2009 	Cheap...clean...good location	We paid £9....yes £9 per night on their offer and stayed for the weekend. Good location 5 minuite walk from Old street tube station on northern line or 10 minuite walk from Liverpool strret station.The rooms were basic but thats why you book travelodge.......you dont pay for what you dont need!!! Pillows were a bit flat and duvets were thin but look in wardrobe or request more from reception and everything is fine.There was a little noise from the club next door and the main road outside but its London......if you want peace go to the countryside! The hotel was clean,functional and if you get an offer like we did...exceptional value for money!!	
Feb 8 2009 	Quiet and only a short tube jouney to London attraction	Basic and clean. Fullfilled all basic requirements of a hotel and although we're not used to London prices, didnt feel ripped off.A 5 minute walk to tube and a short jouney to anywhere on circle line its a good base to explore central London attractions. You can quite easily walk the same route if thats your thing.Breakfast, a buffet with fry up, cereal and toast etc options.Felt it was expensive especially if you only wanted a tea and a bowl of cereal rather than full buffet. Either pay the full amount or go elsewhere!Would return.	
Feb 5 2009 	Clean Modern Cheap Stay....	We paid £15 for the hotel, and found it great - just what we needed!The room was really modern and new. Had wifi and nice flat screen TV, nice big double bed (extra sheets, blankets and pillows in the cupboard - which were needed as the sheets and pillows were pretty thin!)The staff were friendly. Check-in was quick and easy. We had the buffet breakfast - good choice! There was plenty of great English breakfast food to choose, as well as a selection of the contential breakfast choice. The restaurant area was clean and newThe location was good - as it was in the City, it was pretty much dead at night so there was no outside noice. But good transport links to get aroundParking was a bit hint and miss - there was a local NCP but i wouldn't be paying there prices! Parked on the side road, and thankfully no ticket in the morning!Bargain price... for a good nights stay	
Feb 4 2009 	1st time in Travelodge - Impressed!	1st time in a Travelodge and was well impressed.... I paid £55 per night and stayed for 2 nights.The room was clean, bright and fresh and is near Moorgate tube which I believe has 3-4 tube lines which run from it. There is a Marks and Spencers down the road, an ITSU restaurant on the corner as well as various pubs.The rooms were well decorated. All main corridors contained a vending machine which is handy if you have a hangover and need a quick drink. The lifts to the different floors are rapid.Staff were very helpful and we did have to bother them for a ironing board and iron on 2 occassions and they were lovely.I didn't really notice the noise outside in the day but in the nights I was half cut so can't really comment as would of slept through a tornado! We were over looking the main road which I think would be the best side to sleep as there is a nightclub at the rear. We didn't take up the bed and breakfast option but we did pay £7.50 each for breakfast on the Saturday morning. £7.50 does sound a lot of money if your not from London but to be honest without jumping on a tube there is nowhere really else to have breakfast. The breakfast was nice and it was all you can eat and drink which is handy with a hangover.I think this hotel would be better for singles, couples or small families (1 child). The bar was open until 12.45am every night and is not really a bustling pub but as it say on the box a bar!Enjoyed my stay and would recommend it to anyone on a budget as the main thing you want is cleanliness and freshness!	
Jan 29 2009	1st time Travelodger.............	This hotel was ideal for us.. it was inbetween two train stations, liverpool street 10 mins away and old street underground station just 5 mins away............. not much going on around the hotel, but a nice indian restaurant opposite and a marks and spencers down the road made up for that.... we didnt have any trouble as such with the noise but then again it was the end of december and most things were shut around there!... ..... reception was very helpful and the staff in general were all friendly and helpful.......... bar food was ok, and the breakfast were very good to start you on your day..... the one drawback was getting a hairdryer - that proved challanging.. they only have a few in reception, so bring your own if you are a bad hairday fretter!.... .	
Jan 26 2009 	Comfy and clean	We stayed in a double room in December. We were concerned about noise after reading previous reviews but had no problem with noise in our room.The room itself was warm and clean and the bed was very comfortable, just what we needed for our short trip to London. The location was good for Liverpool Street Station. All that for £20, can't go wrong with that!	
Jan 25 2009 	Better than expected.	I have just returned from staying 3 nights at this travelodge on city road. Everything about my stay was good, the room was clean and warm the bathroom and shower area were spotless and they had a nice plasma tv in the room. The buffet Breakfast was quite good with a selection of 6 hot items,cereal,yogurts,bread and muffins as well as fruit juice and tea and coffee. Previous posters have mentioned the disco bar behind the hotel but we didnt hear anything from the bar and it was right opposite the room, i even wonder if it was open as i could see or hear nothing. The location is very good, we had 2 tube stations nearby,Moorgate to the left and Old Street to the right with the latter being only slightly closer. Both stations are on the northern line and we went up a few stations to Kings Cross which was dissected by 3 or 4 other lines meaning we could travel to all the tube stations in the tourist areas. We paid £96 for a double for 3 nights and £40 for 3 buffett breakfasts each which included %10 off for booking it online so for me it defo was a budget break which isnt always easy to find in London. Will stay here again for sure.	
Jan 21 2009 	Excellent value for money	I was really concerned, having read some of the other reviews, about staying at this hotel but it was excellent value for money.We had two rooms and the check-in staff made sure they were next to each other. The rooms were spacious enough,clean and the beds were comfy. The breakfast was plentiful and was being restocked with hot food every couple of minutes. The reception staff were helpful and courteous.Having stayed several times at the Park Plaza, County Hall I now know what a rip off their prices are!I will be going back as it is so near to Old Street and Moorgate underground stations, making it ideal to travel around London. We also hailed cabs in the evening and they were always passing the city road outside.If you want somewhere that is good value,comfortable, clean and ideal for sightseeing in London (and you don't mind not having the complimentary shower gel and shampoo) stay at this hotel	
Jan 13 2009 	Nice views!	Arrived an hour early, asked if my rom was ready which it was - only if I paid £10! The room was quite big and had nice views. Staff were quite friendly and there seemed lots of information around the tourists.The hot water in the shower was very poor and took 5/10 mins to warm up.	
Jan 10 2009 	This hotel is fine and a great value	Unlike a previous reviewer, I found the hotel clean and the public areas fine as well. If you are moving from one Travelodge to another as I was, you have to check out at noon and cannot check into another one until 3 pm unless you pay for the privilege. Since Travelodge is such a great value, I don't begrudge them for charging but, if you're in no hurry like I was, they have a large restaurant/bar attached to the lobby where you can sit even though it's not open for lunch from what I could see. I had paid for a week's worth of their internet service--which you can use at any of their Travelodges with internet, so I simply sat and worked for 3 hours as I would have done in my room anyway. If you arrive by Tube, the Old Street Station is a little closer than Moorgate. Use Exit 4 there and walk down Old Street. The hotel is about 5 minutes away on the left hand side. Also, if you like Vietnamese food, there is a great Vietnamese restaurant on City Road a little past the Holiday Inn Express on the same side of the street called Cay Tre. Great food with moderate to low prices.	
Jan 10 2009 	Close to underground stations	I stayed here over a weekend in December, and was a bit wary after reading the reviews. Yes there is a lot of traffic noise, but it is located on a busy road though their double glazing could be improved. I had no issues with my room, very clean and tidy. The only downside was that the people staying on the same floor as me were not considerate when arriving back at their rooms late at night and made an almighty noise, including running up and down the corridor. This is not Travelodge's fault, just their clientele who do not consider others. Overall it was a pleasant stay and very convenient for the bus and underground, and best of all there are 2 Starbucks coffee shops on the same road!	
Jan 8 2009 	Noisy in Summer	Our family, including 2 teenagers, stayed here for 6 nights in August 2008. We had a family room on the 3rd floor.Location wasn't bad - bus stop right outside the front door. We walked from the hotel to the South Bank on our first evening taking about 25 minutes each way.We were there over the Bank Holiday weekend and pretty much everything in the City was closed until Tuesday morning so dining was limited to the Hotel.(except for a few times we brought some food in for supper). Food was just OK. Breakfast got tiresome really fast! Same choices every day - milk for cereal was lukewarm, juice was bitter, water for tea not hot enough.The nights were still fairly warm while we were there and there is no A/C so we wanted to have the window open. However, the noise from the dance bar behind the hotel made it impossible to sleep with it open! Probably OK for 1 or 2 nights on business but not during the summer.	
Jan 3 2009 	Handy for business - less so for tourists.	Located about a quarter mile from Moorgate station and with a bus stop right outside, this Traveldoge is really handy if you're visiting the City of London but might not be quite as attractive to those seeking the bright lights of the West End, which will take you about 30 minutes or so to reach by public transport.There are some restaurants, bars and coffee shops nearby and a large branch of Marks &amp; Spencer en route to the tube station.Have stayed here before a couple of times on business trips when it first opened and was really impressed but, like many Travelodges, this property has been badly maintained and the throughput of people paying bargain basement prices means you can expect more than a little wear and tear in all areas. Don't pay more than you have to - there are other hotels nearby which offer better standards than this when Travelodge start to charge in the £80 - £110 range.	
Jan 3 2009 	Nice hotel in the "City" area of London	My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel in April of 2008. The location of this hotel is great if you enjoy the City area of London. This hotel is about a 5-10 minute walk from two Tube stations (Moorgate &amp; Old Street), and it's only about 20 minutes walking distance from Liverpool Street station (trains &amp; tube). The City area of London is quiet at nice, so there isn't much noise coming from the street, and since it's mainly a business area it clears out after 6pm. This has a downside though because it can be difficult to find somewhere to eat in the area in the evening. There is a Marks &amp; Spencer right down the street from the hotel if you want to eat or grab some food there. We did eat at the restaurant one night; and we found the food to be fairly good, nothing too fancy or special, but was perfect for a dinner after a flight. You order at the bar and then they'll bring your dinner to your table. There was a large big screen TV in the restaurant area as well. Our room was a corner room and so it was quite large. It had the usual furniture: closet storage with a lot of shelves, desk with mirror, a long full-length mirror, bedside tables, and a clean bed. Being that it was a corner room there were plenty of windows for natural light &amp; good blinds that helped keep it dark in the early morning hours. TV worked just fine. One thing to note, the rooms don't come with a hair dryer so bring your own if you need one. Plenty of plugs also in convenient locations in the room. The bathroom was an odd shape due to the fact that our room was a corner, almost in the shape of a triangle. It made it awkward to have two people brushing their teeth at once, but was fine for one person otherwise. I seem to recall that the bath/shower tub was quite high for me (I am 5'4&quot; tall) and did make it awkward for me to step in. Overall, this was a great hotel and was in a really great area of London. For business travellers, this would be a perfect spot since you are right in the heart of the City, and for those who want to be closer to the older areas of London, this is a great, clean, affordable hotel.	
Jan 1 2009 	Awful	Booked two nights for a good price and thats where the positives end. The room is standard travelodge a bit like a hospital room; cold, clinical and sparse. You wouldnt want to spend any time in it just ok to sleep in.The staff were aweful especially Rafal who 'conned' us out of £10 to check in 30 minutes early then checked everyone else in 15 minutes later. I complained to him but he didnt want to know and was aggressive. He also gave me other quests details on the back of a receipt using 'recycled' paper, so watch your details here. I have since complained to travelodge who were not interested and passed it onto his line manager but she has sided with him, suprise. One to forget.	
Dec 5 2008 	It was OK for what we paid but..............	We have stayed here before and went back as it was the cheapest option going for our travel dates which was end of November!We asked for a quiet room this time around and we placed at the front of the hotel room 512. The noise from the traffic etc kept waking me upo as the double glazing is rubbish in the room. Plus side is there was a nice view of the Artillery HQ!!There was no couch in the room, only 1 seat. Which for 2 people is pretty strange and the hotel hasn't been open that long!We also had problems with only 1 lot of towels being left out for us instead of a set each!! We had to go down to reception to ask for another set. We also had no hot water on the Sunday night as well.Its was an ok stay for the money we paid, however I would would pay more for another hotel as things seem to be getting worse and worse here.We're booked here already for 3 nights in February 2009 so we'll see what its like then, however I'm not really looking forward to staying here again!!!!----------THIS WAS MY FIRST REVIEW OF THIS HOTEL!!I stayed here in Feb 2008 for 4 nights and it was only opened a few months back then.It is a ok Travelodge, its currently one of the cheapest London ones at the moment.The room was large and moderately clean, not the best. The heating worked and it was cleaned everyday by the maids.The major problem was we over looked the street with a night club so we had the music and folks phones, shouting going on till 3/4am. I've stayed in other Travelodge in London and this is the first one that we've had a lot of noise near by!The area around it ok, not much there at night. You have to walk up to the main road by Old Street staion or down by Mooregate for more choices.	
Dec 1 2008 	OK for location but that's about it.	Location-wise, you could do a lot worse. It is equidistant between Moorgate and Old Street tube stations, but the only other major positive I have put in favour of this establishment was the cheap deal (£32 a night), but the rooms were so basic the price was par for the course. Regardless of the fact that Travelodge are basic hotels, you still expect decent customer service. This we didn't really get. This is not the fault of the front of house staff who seemed to be under a constant barrage of complaints from staff and were admirably trying to sort things out with what little resources to hand they had. On far too many occasions the room was under resourced (on 1 towel per room for two people), for one day out three the room was not serviced. I also saw what appeared to be a stream of people coming from the reception desk with extra towels, pillows etc. To add insult to injury, the TV had no remote control. We were told that this was due to a batch of remotes being stolen, and they would try and get one to the room (suffice to say we never got one).Even though we got what was described as a &quot;quiet room,&quot; there were still some noise issues. There was a constant bassline thud emanting from the late bar/nightclub near the hotel, which served to be a major irritation when trying to get to sleep.All in all, whilst the hotel was cheap (a major plus when trying to get London hotels), so was the level of service.	
Nov 24 2008 	Average	Got an excellent price for two nights. The service, room size, cleanliness, bed and shower are all average – no complaints but nothing memorable. The location was alright for St Pancras Station as we caught the Eurostar afterwards. Two things I didn’t like – the noise caused by the door vibrating every time someone walked past outside, and that there was only one towel even though I’d specified there would be two people. Didn’t try the breakfast.	
Nov 13 2008 	2 Nights Peace and Quiet	Right, there have been a few comments about the noise at this hotel. There is a trick....ask for a quite room!It's that simple. I got an extremely quiet room on the first floor and had 2 nights of really good sleep and no noise whatsoever.The rooms are pretty austere, and mine was smaller than other Travelodge's I've used, but it was spotlessly clean, the bed was comfortable, and the bathroom, although smallish was again, spotlessly clean.Hygiene, is a factor on which many London hotels, even 4-5 star ones, fall down, so I'll take clean and basic, every single time.I thought the breakfasts were pretty good, but the evening meal menu, although reasonably priced was just too basic. No worries though, because you're in no way stuck for places to eat and drink in the locality. You can get rooms here at a pretty good rate if you book in advance.Oh, and the staff were friendly and chatty, in a good way. Again, not a trait that you encounter at many hotels in the capital .	
Nov 9 2008 	Noisy and Basic	Travelodge London City Road is located in a converted officeblock on City Road. My room was on the second floor and was clean but basic.  The flat screen TV did not have a remote control and the quality of the signal reception was terrible. The picture kept changing colour and was unwatchable.  The room overlooked a late bar which was still open at about 4am and the noise was loud. When the party goers finally went home, the street cleansers arrived, so no chance of undisturbed sleep. The curtains are of the wind up/down blind variety and did not block out the light from outside Travelodge catering is far too expensive for what it is. For example, a can of cider is £2.90 and around £7 for a small pizza . A short walk up to Old Street and you can find proper pubs and takeaways at more reasonable prices. Wi-Fi is available, but again, it is far too expensive starting at £5 for an hour. Proper sound proofing would be a definite improvement.	
Nov 5 2008 	Better than expected	My wife and I stayed here for 2 nights at the beginning of November 2008. On arrival I asked for a room on the top floor (7th) and not only was this ok I was advised that the front of the building may be quieter as there is a nightclub round the back.The room was clean and even smelt nice. The bed was a bit too soft for my liking but that's a minor whinge. We weren't bothered by noise, being 7 floors up probably helped with that.The location was fine for us, we've stayed in other parts of London before and wanted somewhere different this time. We used Liverpool St. tube the most (10 minute walk away) for access to the Central line, but Moorgate and Old Street are probably closer.We didn't eat there so I can't comment on the dining. My only complaint is that Travelodge really scrimp on the essentials, like towels - 1 bath/shower towel and 1 hand towel between 2 of us, 1 small bar of soap and half a toilet roll upon arrival. This was not replaced the 2nd day and on the morning of the 3rd I had to ask reception for more, which was a bit embarrassing!The staff were pleasant and friendly and for a cheap London hotel the experience was a lot better than we were expecting. We would go there again.	
Nov 3 2008 	Noise Noise and more Noise	Stayed at the Travelodge on City Road for 3 nights (Friday to Monday) in late October 2008.Travelodge was new, clean and what you would expect for the standard of the accommodation. The bar/cafe on site was fine. Breakfast £7.50 and kids 15 and under free with an adult. The location is not central in London but we new this and the underground is only a short walk.The only problem with the hotel is the noise. We faced City Road on the 3rd floor above the bus stop. The noise was irritating with the window closed and was unbearable when opened. If you intend staying in the summer beware as their is no air condition and you would need to sleep with the window open!	
Nov 2 2008 	excellent base	Booked 2 family rooms for half term and we were pleased with the accommodation. Cheap, clean, friendly staff and as we were out in London all day it was just somewhere to sleep. The only downside was that we had to go down to reception to collect extra bedding towels pillows for the children as they weren't in the room even though the booking was for family rooms. We thought the breakfast seemed quite expensive at £7.50 so we went next door to EAT for tasty porridge and hot breakfast sandwiches!Very convenient for the underground - 2 stations only a short walk away. Our room over looked City Road and apart from a little traffic noise it was quiet enough and it didn't stop us sleeping.	
Oct 30 2008 	clean and comfy enough	I stayed overnight here on a Tuesday in October. The reception staff were friendly and helpful and the public areas were clean and tidy. The room itself was like any other Travelodge in the country, very basic but with all you need for an overnight stay. The bed was comfy, I knew where to find spare pillows (the joy of Travelodge, they are in the same place in all of them!) and the bedding was white, something I appreciate in a hotel, you can see immediately if there are stains, which there weren't. The bathrooom was fine, powerful hot shower and ample towels. The room was on the 5th floor, and I could clearly hear traffic noise all night, but it is central London, so what can you expect? I didn't however hear any other noise, ie from other guests, nightclub etc, which I had read about on here. On the night I was there, there was a problem with the bar-grill, so they weren't serving food. Thank goodness for that, there is a lovely Italian restaurant opposite where I got a very good meal. All in all, an ok stay for what I needed it for. I wouldn't choose a Travelodge for a holiday, but for an overnight business trip it does what it says on the tin!	
Oct 28 2008 	OK for a cheap London hotel	We stayed at this hotel for one night at the £29 weekend rate. Having stayed at the hotel about 1 year ago, we knew that it was a basic Travelodge. The reason for staying there was the cheap price. However, during this stay there were problems that we didn't have before: some of the staff at reception bordered on being rude, our bed was VERY uncomfortable and general noise from a neighbouring late-night bar was annoying. We stayed on a Sunday, so can imagine the last problem would have been worse on a Friday or Saturday.These issues were just about tolerable for a one-night stay. If you are not put off, the hotel is worth considering as a cheap option for London. Overall opinion - you get what you pay for!	
Oct 28 2008	A soulless place.	You can't expect too much can you, not for £85 a night in the City of London. Well actually I think you can, certainly more than this. It is the hotel equivalent of RyanAir. Everything is pared to the bone, everything of the cheapest quality. On the up side, it's clean and it's much better than being on the street. The shower worked, the bed seemed okay. But does a bed for the night HAVE to be quite so dispiriting as this? And for heavens sake, get some double glazing that actually keeps the sound down. The traffic outside keeps up pretty much all night long I'm afraid, and you'll hear every grinding gear and revving engine note. A miserable place. Stay here only if you have to.	
Oct 21 2008 	"Reliable hotel in good location"	I chose the Travelodge in City Road for three reasons: As it was a Travelodge, I generally felt I knew what to expect, it was very competitively priced and it was located close to where I needed to be in London.I was not disappointed on any count. The reception staff were friendly and helpful at all times. I had a large room on the fourth floor, on the back of the building with a clean bathroom, hot water and a comfortable bed with crisp clean sheets. The towels were lovely and soft, too.I have one regret: from reading previous reviews I meant to take my earplugs, but forgot...I wished I hadn't, as it was noisy at night. Not the hotel's fault - it has double glazing, but it's in the heart of the city and with the location comes the expected noise or sirens, traffic and life in general.The only negative to note is that I tried to check in early (12 o'clock) rather than after the stated 3pm time, and was told I'd had to pay an extra £10 to do this....I came back later on!	
Oct 16 2008 	Pleasant surprise!	In february my son and I stayed in the London Lodge hotel, which was very pleasant. For this trip we needed a threebed-room because now my husband joined us.But they didn't seem to have familyrooms. After reading a lot on the TALF I decided to book a room at the TL City Road hotel. The rate was very low : 177 pounds for three nights in a family room with three beds, breakfast included. I booked through the travelodgewebsite a saver room well in advance.I didn't know what to expect. Then the reviews of TL City Road started to get worse! Oh, what have I done! When we left the underground (Moorgate) we saw the hotel. It looked very nice from the outside. It is about a 5 minutes walk to the hotel. The reception looked nice. Check in went very quickly. We got room 314 whick is facing City Road. When I looked out of the window I couldn't believe my eyes. I saw a castle! I posted a photo of the view from our window. It wasn't a castle though, but the headquartiers of the royal infantery. I have had worse views from a hotelwindow.The room was big with a double bed and a sleep-sofa. The room was spotless, as was the bathroom. There was a flatscreen tv and an electric kettle with coffee and tea. The beds and the sofabed were good. We had duvets. The room has double glazing, but you could hear some streetnoise, but it wasn't stressful. We slept very good. The breakfast room is also nice. They provided a full english breakfast and croissants, muffins, cereals. I would certainly stay here again! They provided much more than you would expect for this money.	
Oct 15 2008 	Super-Heroic Establishment!	At weekends I like to think of myself as a fairly dynamic sort of chap...a doting father, loving husband, engaging friend...Even if this view isn't always shared by my significant others, it makes me happy in the knowledge that I'm a fairly decent human being. A delusional human being perhaps, but a human being nonetheless.However...during the week I become someone else. I transform myself into 'Business Traveller Man'. Not exactly the most exciting of alter-ego's to assume, but with my costume of suit and tie and trusty sidekick 'Blackberry' at my side, I beome a selfish power broker, with high expectations and low tolerance thresholds...sparring with our lawless capital at least once a week.Invariably these covert missions into London Village involve the temporary rental of a suitable superhero lair for the evening and this traditionally always meant Malmaison, after all Business Traveller Man isn't picking up the tab, so understated luxury is a must...Or at least it was...until...POW!Through an administrative cock up, my alter-ego found himself facing a night in a Travelodge. A TRAVELODGE for crying out loud....oh the humanity.Surely Business Traveller Man would at least be enjoying a central location from which to endure his cut-price incarceration?BAM! He was actually on the eastern fringes of the City...almost Shoreditch...holy micro-scooters!Anyway, so the story continues...Business Traveller Man arrived late into the City Road area of our sprawling capital...expecting to do battle with shouty tramp-like villains and skag-fiend-nemisis-like-characters...but to his immediate surprise, not a bit of it. It was bustling, alive and...gulp....cosmopolitan.Mmmm...the area was better than expected, but surely the budget dwelling would underline the need for Business Traveller Man to stay in more sophisticated surrounds...wouldn't it?BIFF!On sidling into the Travelodge entrance, the almost surreal experince continued...The reception was basic...but very clean.The receptionist was basic...but again, very cleanThe check-in was basic...but again, very very clean. (I was in my room in 90 seconds!)The lifts were basic...but again, very cleanThe corridors were basic...but again, very cleanThe main living space in the room was...you get the idea.Okay, so on first impressions the room itself did have an ambience not disimilar to a prison cell about it, but the TV was good, the bed was nice and soft and the bathroom was, although basic...you've guessed it...very clean.BLAM!The following morning Business Traveller Man awoke rested and ready to do battle once more with the urban sprawl of the city...but during his stay, he'd changed.'He' gave his head a shake and became 'me' again...and I immediately realised that there really isn't any point in spending any more on decent overnight lodgings in London. Travelodge City Road has everything you could reasonably expect for an overnight business stay and in these times of increased economic uncertainty, I've become a massive fan...and in so doing, banished Business Traveller Man forever.KER and indeed POW!	
Oct 6 2008 	Very good value for money.	My boyfriend and I have just returned from three nights at the City Road Travelodge. Over all a very enjoyable stay. We had read some reviews prior to going so had quite a good impression and the hotel certainly lives up to it. The rooms are very modern with tasteful furniture and clean white bedlinen and a flat screen tv which is still not common in less updated hotel rooms. The bathroom is fine as well, nothing posh about it and quite basic but again clean and served its purpose. One thing we did find was that they only provided one large towel and one small towel and so had to towel share, one extra towel of each size would have been useful so perhaps take your own extra towels. The eating area is modern with nice tables and chairs and large flat screen tvs on the walls so you can watch the news whilst eating your breakfast. We stayed on a bed and breakfast deal and breakfast consisted of cereals, croissants, muffins and the usual fry up. There was a good range of foods to chose from and for three days found plenty of variety.The location is very good as well, just a few minutes walk to the 'Old Street' tube station and you could be in Leicester square quite quickly.Over all a very good hotel if your looking for something on a budget but still want good quality without all the frills.	
Oct 4 2008 	It was good to stay	It was a nice stay. I think it is not the best hotel (i´m sure) but was very good for me, my wife and my son (1 year) because the room was big and it was very close from the metro station (Old Street).I think it would have a phone in the room, but it was not a problem for me...and th front desk should be more helpfull. But if i need to come back there, i won´t think it will be a problem.	
Sep 28 2008 	Great if you can get a cheap rate	Usual Travellodge experience, clean and characterless. The area is noisy, but we did not find it a problem. Probably aimed at business users, which means that at the weekend rates can be very good if you boook in advance. I paid £29 and was well pleased!It is about a half-hour plus walk from the West End, but there is an excellent bus service, bus stop right outside the hotel. Plenty of cafes/coffee shops in the area if you do not fancy the hotel food.	
Sep 16 2008 	A fine place to crash	We stayed for nearly a week at this hotel, and there is certainly no denying that this hotel is located in a noisy area. There is a pub and a club located in the same alley as the back side of the hotel. In addition to that, people who work in the buildings near by come out for smoke breaks and have loud conversations. The conversations, the pub noise, and the club noise all carry very well up into the rooms and pretty much drowns everything out if your window is open. We initially had a corner room, at the back of the hotel, located at the far end of the hotel from the club, but still on the first floor. As long as my earplugs were in and the window was closed I was able to sleep. This was a little uncomfortable though, because the rooms can get very warm and there is no air conditioning. The only other complaint than the noise I have, would be with the staff. After a couple of days of staying in the same room, we noticed that the carpet was very wet near the bathroom. Evidently we had a leak. We let the front desk know and they were unconcerned, but totally willing to let us have a new room. That was great, until we checked into our new room and the TV was broken. Ok, no big deal, this is a large hotel, we can just ask for another room.We went downstairs, but encountered a new staff person at the front desk. We explained the situation and were told we could not change rooms because the TV didn't work. Well, that might be the case, but I would think if you were flooded out of your other room, the staff might want to make sure you're comfortable in your new one? There was no arguing with this staff member, but luckily the first one that helped us came along and they allowed us to switch again. Now, this third room didn't have a remote, but luckily we still had our key from the last room, and were able to zip down and swipe the remote. So we settled in, three stories higher than we were before, and although the room was much smaller than the corner room we had before, we were delighted to discover the noise had diminished a bit. We were now able to watch TV with the window open, even if we still couldn't sleep with it open.This is a kinda lengthy review to say, &quot;if you get this place on a great price online, aren't going to spend much time here, and own a pair of earplugs, this is a clean, fairly well located hotel.&quot;Also, I wanted to share that we booked every night individually to get a better price, and had no problems with this. The front desk said we could stay in the same room the entire time (they didn't foresee the flood). The only slight inconvenience was checking our key in every morning on our way out, just in case... and setting us up in the same room again. This took no time at all, but something one might want to know if they're doing the same.	
Sep 8 2008 	Very good hotel for the price	My wife and I stayed here for 2 nights while in London over a weekend for a show. I booked in advance and paid £50 a night and a tenner extra for early check in at 12. The bed was comfortable and had a duvet, which we love. The hotel was generally very clean and we asked for extra pillows and tea and coffee and there was no problem giving these. We didn't have the breakfast becauase we found somewhere else cheaper. The hotel is 2 minutes from Old Street tube station, on the northern line and not far away from all the sights, leave the tube station by exit 4 if you're going. We also found a creepy old graveyard almost oppsite the hotel and we were delighted to find its the graveyard for William Blake, as well as the graves of the authors of Robinson Crusoe and Pilgrims Progress. Good hotel, I would recommend it for people travelling to london who want a cheap bed for the night, can't go wrong.	
Sep 6 2008 	very noisy	There's nothing wrong with this Travelodge except the location. Its rooms overlook the A1 with lorries and buses roaring past all night. I can recommend the nearby Liverpool Street branch down a quiet side street if you want a decent night's sleep without the glare of very bright road lights	
Sep 1 2008 	Nothing wrong with it! your never in the room anyways go explore london!!	All I can say is you get wat u pay for!I didnt really have any problems with this hotel!Me and my friend (both 20yr olds) paid in total £200 for 4nights and it was fab! BARGINIve stayed in some hoffible places in London within the same price raange some you dont even get your own bathroom! this comapred to them was heaven!The only thing was the noise it was a little noisy but not half as bad as some people make out we were on the 5th floor and looking on to City road and we still slept through the nigght!The beds were always maid, clean towels left as well as tea and coffe!if you want to spend your time in a big posh hotel rather than exploring the magicaly city of london then dont go here ! But Ive always said is all you need is a clean room, comfty bed and a clean shower ..... which is what we got i only slept there i was out and about theres to much to do rather than sit there finding comaplints about the hotel i mean i think it shows how good the hotel is if all people can complain about is the noise ( come on its in the centre of london for goodness sake) what more could you wantClean roomComfty bed3mins from tube stationand next door to Starbucks! Cant wait to book again!!!PERFECT for what i wanted.	
Aug 29 2008 	Good value but not wigthout its problems.	I have stayed in this travelodge over a dozen times starting the week it opened. The rooms are always clean, but there can be a lot of noise if you are in a room at the back. The rooms get very hot in the summer and for the past few months one of the lifts has been out of order which causes problems getting down in the morning.Then there was the time the fire alarm went off at 1am due to someone smoking. Apparently this happens quite often. All the guests were outside in the rain in night clothes with no communication from staff.Breakfast is not worth the money. Better to head out to the City Cafe (down worship street) or head for a coffee and muffin at Starbucks.I still stay there because its handy for work and I book months in advance which means I get a good rate.	
Aug 26 2008 	Good budget hotel	Fairly new Travelodge, so the rooms were nice &amp; clean. We found it to be a good location, near Old Street, Moorgate and Liverpool St stations, so very near the Tube if you needed it.At weekends the area is very quiet, so you won't find many shops open, but the hotel has its own bar and there are a couple of coffee shops and a Subway close by. We did find that the hotel bar ran out of basics such as red wine by early evening though! The area is quiet at night and we didn't get any hassle when walking to and from the tube stations.We would definitely stay here again as it is a lot cheaper than staying at a Travelodge more centrally located such as Covent Garden, yet it is still in the centre of London. You have to book online though - they refuse to accept people walking in off the street.	
Aug 25 2008 	Never again	Avoid this hotel if you want to sleep!There is a night club right behind it that blasts out music until 6am.We stayed Saturday and Sunday nights and suffered on both.There is also lot of shouting from the clubs smoking area and when the club closes. Shutting the window made little difference.	
Aug 24 2008 	Dirty disapointing and 0 class hotel	First of all if you go to this hotel don't get the breakfast there for 7,5 pounds/person, because it is very expensive for what you get: standard english breakfast, with no cheese, no fruits, no ham, bad coffee, bad orange juice. If you arrive at certain hours, they put you to wait outside for 10-15 minutes although inside there are free tables.Anyway, the awful thing that happened was that my wife found a hair in her plate from the indian boy that cleaned the tables. We were so disgusted and we quit having breakfast there after 2 days.We got a room on 4th floor and all night we heard the hotel's air conditioners. On Saturday we heard the bass from the club nearby. The pillows were very soft and not so comfortable.The towels were smelling like dirty feet, as I think they boiled them. The door magnetic card didn't work every time we got to the hotel, so every time I had to go back to the reception being tired after my trips.We thought Ibis was lowest class, but it's a sure thing that we will never ever go to a Travelodge hotel.	
Aug 20 2008 	Clean comfortable good value	Stayed 4 nights and it was pretty good. Only downer was the heat, room was very hot even with the window open and the lift lobby was stifling. Room was immaculately clean and staff were helpful. Handy to Moorgate tube station and a bus stop right outside. Breakfast was the now common 'one step removed from a trough' but it was really good value and well cooked. As a base for a sightseeing break this hotel is right on the money.	
Aug 20 2008 	Too noisy and hot to get any sleep	I had expected so much more from this hotel. Unfortunately, the noise from a nearby club and the related noise from it in the street outside was so bad that we managed to get virtually no sleep all night, and we changed hotel the very next day as a direct result.The rooms are OK (standard Travelodge) - basic, a bit like a prison cell in appearance, but perfectly functional.The windows barely open, though, because of the standard Travelodge window locks, so it's impossible to get much air into the room. Why can't they give you a key if you want it to override these annoying locks if you have no children with you?As a result, you're likely to find your room far too hot for several months of the year, with no way of cooling it down.The real problem, though is the noise, which went on until well after 5am - I gather the club shuts at 7am! If you stay here you have to accept that if the club is in operation (and that applies even to a Sunday, apparently) you won't sleep.	
Aug 18 2008 	okay if you get it cheap!!!	Luckily I had read previous reviews so knew exactly what to expect.Don't believe them if you ring up to ask for early check-in and they say it is always available. It isn't, and they will not hold bags. hence we were going to be stuck for 2 hours with suitcases which we would have left at Kings Cross had we known. A room became available 50 mins earlier than checkin but we still had to pay the £10 early checkin rate with is a bit ridiculous!The hotel is very noisy. We were on the street side so constant loud!!! traffic noise. There is no air-con and the rooms get very hot with a window that only opens slightly for safety.Luckily it wasn't hot so we could close the window at night. Think it would be impossible to sleep with the window open as the traffic is so loud, but it is central London.On the plus side the staff are friendly, the hotel is in an excellent central position. very close to 2 tube stations. It is very clean with plenty of fresh towels and good re-stocking of the coffee etc.In summary its ok if you manage to get a cheap deal, but if not I would reccomend the other travelodges in London,especially Covent Garden, purely for the noise issue.	
Aug 18 2008 	Budget Friendly for London	If you are on a tight budget - for example a family of 4 from the US whose dollar doesn't go far in London - then Travelodge is a good choice if you can get one of their 29-59 pound a night deals. City Road was great location. Right next to Tube, bus, and Starbucks. Breakfast was crowded. Room was clean with clean linens. Easy to get extra linens at front desk if you ask. Elevators were unreliable (I actually got stuck for 30 min. in one one morning.) Do not stay here if you are picky or if it is too warm outside. The room would have been much improved by a fan which they did not provide. Had to close window at night because of traffic noise. We had a room at front of the building on third floor. No nightclub noise but we used earplugs and ipods to help drown out the noise at night when we were going to sleep. If you are going to be in London a few days and not spend much time in the room and take the stairs you could save money at this hotel.	
Aug 17 2008 	Mixed review	We stayed at the Travelodge on 2 different occasions in May and for the price it was pretty good for the price. PositivesThe triple room was new and clean and a very comfortable size. Tea &amp; coffee is provided and good TVIron &amp; hairdryer at reception, but get in early because they were sometimes all booked out. Staff on the first stay were very helpful - let us book in 5 hours early which was great considering we had an overnight flightBar and breakfast room in hotelClose to tube, bus, restaurants and shopsNegativesNo air-con - was a bit warm at night but not too badFor the first stay we had a front facing room - quite noisy at nightStaff on second stay were terrible - could not care less about needs of customers All and all, I would recommend if you can get a good deal - we paid 29 pounds a night the first stay and 49 pounds a night the second stay - can't really complain about that!	
Jul 27 2008 	Good choice	I first stayed there in June 08 and then booked another for July because I really liked the hotel the first time.It is a bit noisy, as there is clubs right outside the hotel but I could still sleep. It was a bit hot there since there is no aircondition in the room and there is a limit of how much you can open the window due to safety. Which in my opinion should be removed cos it was so hot.The staff was nice, the cleaning lady's were all polite and did their job. I asked if I could get more pillows and there was no problem. I even ordered food from downstairs quite few times and it was alright.I didn't really like the breakfast buffè tho, because to me, they couldnt offer much. But I had it included in my stay so I didnt loose any money on that.They also have internet downstairs (£1 for 10 min) which was nice to have. I think the location of the hotel is great, as there is stores, starbucks, restaurants, busses and the tube nearby.I would absolutely book there again.	
Jul 16 2008 	Never again!!!! Don't stay there!	Terrible experience in this Travelodge!I booked one room for a family (four people) is only one bed with a sleeping sofa.I want to check in before 3pm and have to pay extra L10.People is not friendly there. I want leave my package for while and they simply said &quot;No&quot;.We couldn't open the window because it was too noisy.Don't stay there!!	
Jul 3 2008 	Standard city centre Travelodge	If you've ever stayed in a city centre Travelodge before, you'll know what to expect from this one. My room was a decent size with a comfortable double bed, a sofa which can be used as an additional bed, desk and wardrobe. The bathroom was ok, but the floor was badly marked and scuffed. One of the towel sets didn't smell too fresh (I was staying in the room on my own and only needed to use the set that was in the bathroom. The other set was in the wardrobe and perhaps they had been there for some time). The bedroom was spotlessly clean.My room overlooked a nightclub, but it didn't seem to be open on the night I stayed (it was a Tuesday night). The hotel has bad soundproofing as I could hear people leaving their rooms and talking in the corridor. Luckily, I had my trusty earplugs with me which also meant I could sleep with the window open (there is no aircon in the rooms).For an extra £7.50 on top of the room rate you can buy a 'eat all you can' breakfast buffet which includes cereal, toast, croissants and cooked breakfast items such as bacon and sausage. It was very busy when I went down for breakfast and I had to queue up for everything. The standard of the breakfast was ok though.Overall, my stay was pretty much what I expected. A basic, but comfortable room in a busy area. The major downside was the lack of soundproofing which would have made it impossible for me to sleep if I hadn't remembered to pack some earplugs!	
Jun 29 2008 	Good value	I stayed at the Travlelodge City Road for three nights from the 24th June to 27th June. Having arrived by train into London I used the Tube to get to the Hotel which is at Old Street Station (Exit 4). The walk from the Station to the Hotel seemed unending (albeit is actually no more than 5-7minutes along City Road) on account of me lugging a big suitcase around. The Hotel's entrance is on the main City Road and it would be nice to have an extended signage. Reception area is functional with staff accommodating &amp; friendly. From past reviews I asked for a room at the rear of the hotel which was quieter and on the 6th Floor (630). The room itself was functional, small with an open cupboard and flat screen TV. Toilet was basic and clean with fresh towels and sheets. Internet in the room did not work at all over the time I spent at the hotel. There was little help forthcoming from the reception as they outsource their internet service and getting assistance meant dialing a National Rate number which I did not do.Overall the hotel offers what you would expect, at the price (£81/night) and is very conveniently located. Noise from the road and surrounding nightclubs is a drawback, but then once again you are in Central London.	
Jun 18 2008 	Clean but noisy	Stayed in this hotel for 1 night on 10th June with 2 daughters aged 23 and 13, it was a mini hen party as eldest daughter getting married this year, we went to see grease the musical,,location very good, cleanliness excellent but was disturbed when a very loud alarm sounded in the early hours,we were on 3rd floor and unsure as to whether fire alarm or not, There was no telephone to contact reception in emergency situations, Also bin collection on wednesdays at 7.30am, and very very noisy.	
Jun 17 2008 	Disappointing	Me and my partner stayed for 3 nights at the London City Road Travelodge in June '08. Overall I would say I was disappointed with the stay for various reasons, which I will briefly outline below.We stayed on the first floor, and the noise at night was terrible. The website at the time of booking advised of the nightclub noise, which I will admit we heard none of, but failed to mention that it is on a major bus route (it now does mention this on the new website). The &quot;double glazing&quot; was awful, and after conducting a test, I can assure you that there was no noticeable difference in noise between the window being open and closed! Pretty poor for someone on such a main road, even if it is a budget hotel.The second disappointment was the attitude of one particular member of staff. I would like to start here by saying that all subsequent members of staff we dealt with were polite and courteous, however, the first impression we got was awful. We tried to check in early, but having not booked this, were were not surprised when there was nothing available. However, the attitude of the staff member was disgraceful - she basically told us to get out of the hotel and not come back until 3. When i asked if I could leave my luggage, I was told in no uncertain terms that I couldn't. Although i was annoyed at this, I understand it is Travelodge policy, but i did not need to be told this so rudely.The hotel was cheap, so I suppose in one way i shouldnt complain, but neither me nor my girlfriend got much sleep in 3 nights due to the traffic noise. All i would say is that if you are thinking of staying, try to get a room on one of the top floors, and possibly at the back of the hotel as well, maybe it's a bit quieter there!	
Jun 15 2008 	Travel Lodge below average	We stayed here because we were able to book a special deal on the internet for a weekend in London. It was certainly not worth the full price! We've stayed all over the country at Travel Lodges and this was not one of the better ones. It's fairly new and easy to travel around London from but there were some things about it we didn't like. My husband asked for a quiet room and were given one on the top floor which was fairly quiet except for people slamming doors. We met a couple in the lift who were on the 1st floor and directly over the road from a disco which was incredibly noisy. We opened the window when we arrived as the room was quite stuffy. There were no curtains, just a blind and someone in their wisdom thought it would be a good idea to incorporate a windchime into the blind!! There was a metal pole running along the bottom of the blind which sounded like someone crashing a scaffolding pole into the window! How charming we thought!Not! The bathroom had two towels and no bathmat and would have been ok had the shower curtain not been 3 inches too short and flooded the bathroom every time we showered. We mopped the floor with a newspaper and underwear! How romantic we thought! The staff were ok, friendly and helpful but we would not return here if we had to pay full price.	
Jun 12 2008 	OK for Business Travellers but Watch Out in Summer!	Well I stayed at the City Road Travelodge whilst in London for one night on Business.Now bearing in mind this is a recent addition to the Travelodge line up, I was slightly surprised to find, no air con of any kind, and as such the lift lobbies are very warm indeed, due to the vending machines that are located there, as a result it can be quite uncomfortable whilst waiting for a lift as these seem to break down regularly, and the night I was there, two of the three were out of order.The room itself was exactly what you would expect form a Travelodge, simple and clean, and functional. No bath, but shower was adequate in size, if only they didn’t insist on those stupid shower curtains that attack you each time you turn the shower on!The only other issue I had was to do with the lack of any air con, due to the unseasonable weather we had, where I left the window open (it had a cable attached for safety as I was on the 6th floor!) and pulled the blackout blind down when I went out. When I came back the room was still very warm, but thought I will at least get some air in the room, by leaving the window open. Big mistake, as there seemed to be some sort of business that works 24/7 and the noise was unbearable with the window open, so nothing for it, but to close the double glazed window and suffer the heat instead.The sound proofing between rooms is not up to much as someone in the room next door, decided to plug something in in the middle of the night and as such I was woken up at 4am!All in all, a typical Travelodge, but beware if staying there in the summer, as it will be very warm!	
Jun 11 2008 	Never again.....	I booked my stay using the &quot;Travelodge&quot; website. Staying 2 nights..a Sunday and a Monday night ( 8th &amp; 9th June 2008).To get to the hotel from &quot;Old Street&quot; underground station, exit the station by &quot;Exit 4&quot; and walk up City Road and the hotel will be on your left side approx a half mileOn arrival the hotel has a very nice modern look and feel inside, reception staff were friendly and welcoming. I was on the third floor at the back of the hotel (room 354). When I got out of the lift on my floor, I was met by a wall of heat.... This was summer in London and the outside temperature was 26C. A short walk along the corridor and I found my room, which was overlooking an alley way at the back. The window would only open about 6 inches, thus stopping any sort of fresh air getting into the room. The room was very hot. On retireing to bed, I had to leave the window open to try and get some air, but at about 1130PM, I was woken by the &quot;Rythmic bass&quot; noise from a nightclub across the alley from my window. Not just was this rythmic bass driving me crazy, but the noise of patrons waiting to get into the club was appalling, they sounded very drunk and a lot were shouting. The music kept me awake well into the small hours and then when it ended, I had to endure the revellers leaving while they shouted and roared at each other. I eventually closed the window and sufered the heat.Following morning I asked if it was possible to have a fan in the room due to the heat and was informed that there were none available. I complained about the noise and was told, it would be OK on the next night, as the club did not open on a Monday night..!!!!I am aware that Travleodge is trying to cut costs in order that customers get a good rate to stay, but not having a telephone in the room is a bit too much, If I was a female travelling alone, would I feel at ease with no telephone in the room to contact the front desk in an emergency...I think not.The bathroom was supplied with one small bar of soap, no shampoo. When the room was made up after my first night, the soap was not replaced and my hand towel disappeared and was not replaced. The main towel was thread bare and had seen better times.The small TV supplied was adequate, but the signal kept going off about every 7-9 minutes and would be lost for about 3 seconds each time Having listed the bad points above, here are the good points I found...the breakfast (Full english buffet) at £7.50 was very good, the bar area and coffee area was excellent, reception staff at check in were nice and on checkout appeared genuinely concerned about my experience. The room was clean and a nice size.Would I stay here again...no!!!. I stay at hotels in order to sleep well. If I do not sleep well, whats the point on being there at all. This property MUST do something about the noise from the club at the back and must do something about the stiffling heat in the rooms in summer.	
Jun 11 2008 	cheap n miserable !!!	Stayed here on the 8/6/08, booked a travelodge knowing it would be cheap and basic. On arrival the girl who checked us in said literally one word &quot;alright&quot; not a hello, welcome, or your room number is !!. The room was small and basic but as i said that was to be expected, especially in London. As another report states the double rooms for some reason only have one towel ???, also the shower curtain did not reach the bottom of the cubicle but apart from that comfortable. Only got 4 hours sleep due to kids running around the corridors up until 2am and then from 6am, not a clue who they were or why !!!. Then upon checking out i guess at least the guy was consistant by again being ignorant (and again mute) and when asked about the possibility of bag storage said simply &quot;NO&quot; which is what i would say to staying here again.	
Jun 10 2008 	Nightclub noise	I stayed at this hotel one Saturday night in May.Checked in by a very friendly and helpful receptionist. Our room was large but very sparse without even a chair to sit in. I was pleased to have been given a room at the back of the hotel as the busy road at the front of the hotel was incredibly noisy . On returning to the hotel after a night out we were soon to regret this position as we discovered there is a nightclub on the corner near to the hotel and the noise from the music and nightclubbers went on until 4am. You are only provided with one hand and one bathtowel per room and also only given one pillow each. I had a shower on the Sunday morning whilst my husband went down to reception to get me a hairdryer - unfortunately they were already out and none had been returned by the time we checked out at 11am so I had to spend a chilly Sunday in London with wet hair. The breakfast was disappointing and we had to ask for glasses and plates from the kitchen as there were none available. We were asked by the receptionist if everything was ok with our stay and when we told him about our sleepless night he told us they had asked the nightclub to keep the noise down so I am guessing we are not the only ones to comment on the noise. Even our friends with a room at the front of the hotel were disturbed by the clubbers noise as thet left at 4am.	
Jun 7 2008 	unless your on business monday to friday go elswhere!!!!	What can I say i'm that annoyed with this place I,m writeing the review from the hotel lobby!Got here yesterday at 14.15 to be told by some snotty girl on reception that check in is not till 3pm ok we said is there anywhere to put our bags? no was the reply but for £10 we could have our room now!!! Amazing so we didn't bother we had a wonder round instead not much to see near by!!Came back got our room on the 6th floor walked in yes its clean and has a telly but thats the best you'll get!! went for a shower came out and fount there was only one towel in the room even though we were in a double so off to reception for that where youd think youd just asked them to preform some unpleasnt act for you!!!Back to the room now where is the hair dryer....oh there isn't one but they are available from reception off we go again only they don't tell you they only have 2 hairdryers to service the whole hotel and getting one is harder thsan finding rocking horse du du!2hrs later we got one and i had to check it was plugged in as this thing ran like it was on old batteries!!Off we go for our evening out..Great show and all the like but thought we'd come back to the hotel for a night cap at 12.15. The taxi from trafalger was £15 and when we got in the bar was closed some problem with the till they said but either way your now stuffed cos your £15 away from town and there is nothing around so off to bed....... sober!Next day more of the same fun with the hairdryer and towels and if I find anyone polite or smileing in the staff i'll update this report but as of yet no.My advise and yes i've been to london lots of times visiting is book somewher els ...anywhere els. don't do what we did and find a cheap deal and think great because the £10 we saved on the hotel was spent on the taxi anyway oh and yes as there is no where to store your bags ill be spending another £19 at Kings cross tomorrow so ive lost out already!!!Hope this helps if it dosn't don't blame me you have been warned!	
Jun 7 2008 	Stuffy rooms at teh City Road Travelodge	Having stayed once at the City Road Travlodge, we booked again, mainly bacause it was the cheapest we could get in london. When we stayed in February 08, it was a Friday and saturday night. The pub/club next door was very noisy both nights from 1.30 onwards with drunken revellers spilling onto the street.This time when we stayed on a Thursday in June, there was no noise, but because our room was directly facing City Road, we had to keep the windows closed because of traffic noise. This made, the smallish room very stuffy. I wouldnt want to stay in the heat of the summer.Breakfast has gone off the boil since february.Numerous packets of cereal have been rplaced with two choices from a vending machine, and no packets. Juice is from a machine, and very watered down.Full englush breakfast was fine.Staff very pleasant.	
Jun 6 2008 	Great!	Me and my partner stayed here during a brief visit to London. We're a big fan of Travelodge and wated to try out their newest London establishment.A short walk from the tube, the hotel is situated on the busy City Road.The receptionist who dealt with us was in training but was still very good. He was police and apologised for being a little slow! The reception area and halls were all very clean and nicely decorated.Our room was 3 floors up, and even so we couldnt hear much traffic with the window closed. The room was immaculatly clean and nicely decorated and presented. Nice sofa, bed, and flat screen TV. Plenty of extra pillows and towels.We also bought breakfast, which was fantastic. The hot cooked food, cereals, pastries, yoghurt, juice and hot drinks were the perfect set me up for a long day walking round London	
May 28 2008 	Good Clean Cheap and Recomended	Got a bargain for this on a Sunday night when visiting the O2 arena...paid just £19 for two in a family room...There is not much open around there on a Sunday night as the area is mostly busy durring the working week. Hence why the bargain price.It was pretty new and very clean...tea and coffee in room. Flat screen TV and good shower....Recommend paying extra for the breakfast..£7.50 per head ...wonderful buffet 'eat all you like'...they has everything..Convinient for Tube and pleasant staff.	
May 13 2008 	Good central London Travelodge	We stayed here for one night midweek on 7th May on a leisure break to London. The hotel has been open less than a year and as a result they seem to be offering lower room rates currently on their website than the other London Travelodges. We therefore got a pretty good deal. The hotel is in the heart of the City on the busy and noisy City Road. Check-In was okay and we had a room on the third floor on the City Road side of the building. The room was clean, spacious and modern with a flat screen tv, although being a budget hotel the room was fairly basic but absolutely fine for a short break.The bathroom was a good size and spotless and the shower was superb and powerful once we worked out the controls!If there is one drawback it is the noise from City Road, we opened the window as it was a hot day but had to immediately close it again as we could barely hear ourselves speak. Having said that the double glazing did a good job and reduced most of the outside noise. We got a fairly good nights sleep although were woken twice by police sirens racing by.The hotel is in a great location being about 5 minutes walk from Old Street tube station and a little further (in the other direction) to Moorgate tube. Being in the city there are a lot of office workers in the area and during the day (weekday) the area was heaving with lots of shops, bars and restaurants. We particularly liked Finsbury Circus which is just 5 minutes from the hotel and a great place to sit and watch the world go by.We didn't stay in the area in the evening but when we retutrned at about 11pm we did find that most of the local bars had closed mainly because the office workers had all gone home. Overall though we had an excellent stay and unless you are a light sleeper who can't tollerate backround traffic noise I would recommend a stay at this hotel.	
May 11 2008 	Great value for Basic Lodging	Our stay at the Travelodge City Road was for 10 nights in mid-April. As there were three adults we booked a family room which we found to be quite roomy with two in the double bed and the third on the pull out sofa. The room was very clean and beds were comfortable, if a little softer than I prefer. We were able to store our extra clothing on the shelves that are part of the closet (doorless) unit since there are no dressers. We were on the sixth floor facing City Road and were not bothered by any street noise. I had emailed in advance and requested a room in a quiet section of the hotel. The bath/shower was excellent with good water pressure. The only plumbing problem was that the loo needed to &quot;rest&quot; and couldn't be flushed two consecutive times.We did not try the breakfast buffet but did have coffee and muffins at the attached Coffee Republic and at EAT right next door. We had a few &quot;in room picnics&quot; with take away we got at the M&amp;S two blocks away or from Liverpool station which was about a 10 minute walk.The bus service is great with a stop right outside the door for busses headed to Liverpool Station or toward St. Paul's. The northern bus stop is across the street and about a block north where you can catch busses to King's Cross or the #205 goes all the way to Paddington Station.While not in the most preferable area of London, I would stay again for the bargain rate we received. If you are looking for a clean hotel and can get the discounted rate, don't hesitate to book at the Travelodge City Road.	
May 8 2008 	good value for money	booked on i.net for £59, cheap for central london. didnt expect much. Very pleasantly surprised, fresh, new, pleasant efficient check in. Room - good budget room standard, clean, fresh, flat screan telly. Very good shower, the one time I travelled without hair shampoo the hotel did not supply. Didnt stay for b,fast as I had an early start. Would easily stay in this travelodge again.	
May 6 2008 	Great hotel!	We were looking for a hotel on same day as travelling and luckily found this one. We stayed couple nights in Travelodge and paid £81 for double room per night. We didn't have any high expectations and actually it was much better that we expected. Our room was new and very clean with own bathroom/shower. There's also tv, electric kettle, towels and plastic cups. It wasn't noisy hotel at all. The closest station is Old street, 5 min walk from the hotel. If you continue to other direction you'll find the Moorgate station, approx. 10min walk. We found the location also very good.Only one minus that I read abt is that there's no luggage room. We're leaving in the morning but would be a quite problem if you'd have an evening flight.If you're looking for Hilton - don't go here (as I read someone was complaining that no phone in the room - doesn't everyone have a mobile ? :). If you're looking for a clean and very nice basic room with own bathroom I would definitely recommend hotel.	
Apr 30 2008 	What a Bargain	My wife and I stayed here 5 nights between 3-8 April 2008. I booked on-line through the Travleodge website and had to make 4 separate bookings to obtain the best rate available for each day. This resulted in us being booked into an ‘ambulant’ room for half the stay. Upon checking-in the staff member indicated it may not be possible for us to stay in the same room for the entire stay and we would have to go to reception each morning to have our room key re-activated. I must say the staff at reception were wonderful, and managed to keep us in the same room for the whole 5 days. The hotel itself is located between Old Street and Moorgate tube stations. We mostly used Moorgate because it was on the Circle Line as well as Northern Line, whereas Old Street is only on the Northern Line. There is also a bus stop right outside the hotel’s front door. The room was sparsely furnished, but immaculately clean. Being an ambulant room, there was plenty of space and we were on the top (7th) floor facing away from City Road. Had absolutely no problems with any noise and the view was quite good. In fact we woke up to snow on Sunday morning – “London’s heaviest April snow fall for 20 years”. Bathroom was nice and new with a good shower over a small bathtub with plenty of hot water with good water pressure. As others have reported there are plenty of options for a cheap breakfast close to the hotel, although we did try the buffet breakfast rather than brave the snow on the Sunday and it was very good.	
Apr 26 2008	OK Budget Hotel	Paid £59 in advance and wouldn't want to pay any more. Although new it is very basic. No telephone in room, no toiletries, plastic cups etc. Furniture very basic and functional. Although it was clean I certainly didn't feel like I wanted to spend any longer in the room than I had to.Originally given a room on the top floor which was noisy due to air con units on roof but was moved no problem. The staff were good.Not the best part of London but handy for the tube and buses and the city.Would have a look around before booking this place again but would do so if stuck.	
Apr 24 2008	Quintessential Travelodge	I've stayed in numerous budget hotels all over London, including a Travelodge prior to this one, but must say that Travelodge City Road really does budget with a certain amount of style. Our room was spotlessly clean (small, but hey - budget!), IKEA-like, and the place is centrally located between Moorgate and Old Street stations. The staff were friendly and helpful as well. I've come to know London's budget hotels as mouldy, noisy places, but this hotel is neither. Mind you, we were lucky enough not to get a room facing City Road itself, but it really didn't seem as if the street was too noisy at night.The restaurant is to be avoided at all times, however. Burgers = Rubber. Waiter = Sour. Customer = Leaves hungry.But really, quite a successful Travelodge!	
Apr 22 2008 	Great room for the price!	I stayed at this hotel at the beginning and end of a European trip and was very satisfied both times. While it is not in the most exciting part of London, it is relatively quiet at night which is nice after a looong flight from California!I recommend taking the Northern Line to Old Street rather than Moorgate personally. It's only a few blocks away from Old Street tube station (head toward the churchyard, which I think would be south).Check in is at THREE pm, however. I seem to recall when I booked that it was at TWO pm, which meant a lot of people were just sitting around waiting for 3pm, and then a queue formed to check in. That was rather annoying. But... for the early booker rate of 29 pounds, I didn't mind waiting an hour.The first room I had was a family room, so there was a pull out sofa bed for my friend and a double bed for me. I slept just fine in the double, and my friend never pulled out the bed because she said the sofa was perfect the way it was! The bathroom was fine, perfectly clean, and the shower water temperature and pressure were excellent! The second night at the end of the trip (I went to Paris) I had a double, and as soon as I got to my room, a fire alarm (test) went off, and we gathered outside for 10 minutes until we were allowed back in. Sort of annoying but at least it wasn't raining out. The room was of equal cleanliness and quality as the first. The flat screen TV was nice, and the bathroom was very clean.The cafe had good coffee, but I never ate there. There are quite a few take out places all around the area!I'd stay again in a heart beat, especially at the early booker rate!	
Apr 20 2008 	Loved the Travelodge-Spent lots of time in the room !	We booked the 29 pounds rate months in advance so were not expecting too much as this rate is cheaper than youth hostels in London. We arrived by tube and found the hotel easily only a short walk from old Street Station. The hotel was very new (in January) and the floor we were on still had the new paint smell. We decided not to go out the first night and enjoyed a few drinks in the bar and dinner. The restaurant was packed which is always a good sign. The room was very cosy and we had a high floor so no traffic noise. TV had quite a few channels and room had all the required amenities including a decent view. There was a vending machine on our floor which was handy. Security was good as key card required for door, lift and room. No luggage storage available which is hard to believe but instead they offered late check-out for 10 pounds which allowed you to keep the room until 2pm. Hotel is in great location and Marks and Spencers is just around the corner ! We enjoyed out time at this travelodge !	
Apr 11 2008 	Good experience	My wife, daughter and I spent 3 nights in a family room at £29 a night. The room was basic but comfortable and clean. Be aware - only a bar of soap and no hairdryer. The location is great. Moorgate is 5 minutes walk. Also Liverpool Street station is only 10 minutes walk if you're arriving from Stanstead. You can walk to St Paul's/Tate Modern in 20 minutes. The breakfats at £6.75 for adults is convenient and quite good and children eat free. Downside? - The reception staff were a bit surly. Our room was on the first floor facing the City Road. It was very noisy at night. I would ask for a room facing the back or atrium.Overall - a good experience.	
Apr 9 2008 	Brillant Stay	Stayed 2 nights at the City Road, Travelodge. Good location 2 mins from Old Street Tube (northern line). Paid an additional £10 for early check in. Room was very clean and good size for a family room. Plenty of towels, bedding &amp; tea facilites but no phone?? Full buffet breakfast was good and tables were always available. We had a room on the road side and you can't escape the traffice noise.	
Apr 3 2008 	Excellent value for money	We paid £29 a night for a family room. Basic clean room, with crisp white sheets and a decent bathroom. No frills attached, but in reality we didn't need any. Staying in central London for this price is a real bargain. I would expect breakfast to be included had we paid the full rate, but at £29 who can complain? Extra pillows and a hairdryer were supplied on demand. We stayed with friends who were just as pleased as we were. Breakfast was at £6.75(including a 10% online discount) and included a cooked English and a continental breakfast. Acceptable fare to start the day. Never waited much to be seated.Having said this, our stay was not without the occasional glitch - that's why I knocked off a star. Our last day booking was the source of a mixup at the reception desk. Cleared only after 5 visits to our room - annoying. One of our friends' rooms was not ready for check in despite having paid the £10 early check in fee. Had to wait for almost an hour to have the key to this room.One last moan about Travelodge's website. We had originally booked the room for £26 a night. When Travelodge started offering the facility to check in early for £10, we decided to take the offer. However at this point we were charged an extra £3 a night for every room without pre-advice besides the £10 early check in fee. I wrote to Travelodge but after a month I'm still with no reply. Unfair, possibly illegal and leaves a bad taste.Otherwise, all in all, it was a pleasant stay.	
Mar 30 2008 	Good Budget Choice for Family Stay	My teen son and I stayed at Travelodge London City Road for 7 nights in a family room in March, room 246, a quiet room on the back overlooking an alley and offices. Spotless bathroom, clean white duvets, comfiest pillows I've had at a hotel. For 26 pounds we had a bargain. There is some bar noise at night especially if you have a window open, so bring earplugs, but overall the outside noise was minimal. Rooms are small but adequate.One problem: no phones in the room, even for use in emergency. This is a problem. What would happen in case of fire, heart attack, etc?? Not only could we not call, they could not contact us in case of a call from family, etc.Unfortunately, there were high school/college groups who caused trouble 2 nights running, and although front desk apologized, they really didn't do much. I was so ticked off (it was 2 am and they were still noisy) I ended up dressing and going out and telling the noisy group off. Guests should not have to be security guards.One tip for those of us from N. America. I ran into people who said their radiator was broken, but it wasn't, it's just different from ours. You have to turn the switch on at the plug. Then look at the top right of the rad and you'll see a min-max dial and a small beige bar. Press the bar so that the red light comes on, then it's turned on. I think they could post instructions over it for international guests, I noticed others in previous reviews noting &quot;broken&quot; rads.We ate at the restaurant once, the barman Ryan was fabulous, very nice, but the food was dreck. I ordered what I thought was a baked potato with sliced chicken and got pink creamed chicken instead. Disgusting. I thought that was outlawed now. Transit is fabulous, buses stop right out front, and buses 271 or 214 will take you right into Liverpool station in 5 minutes where you can get a variety of buses and Tube on 3 different lines, stores, etc. Moorgate is also just 2 stops away and any bus leaving Moorgate will stop across from the hotel. Moorgate/Liverpool is nicer than Old Street area. EAT is right next door, M&amp;S 5 minutes away, Liverpool station has a good variety of shopping, Boots, Carphonewarehouse, Simply Food, etc.Very safe area. I walked alone at night from Liverpool station over to City Road, all around the area at night, never had a problem.Would not stay at full rate of 110 pounds, but at 26 it was a fabulous deal, up to 50 pounds per night would be a great deal still.	
Mar 29 2008 	Clean and well-located	We spent 5 nights on TL City Road at the end of March. The hotel is brandly new and the rooms (we had 2 family rooms) are spacious for a family. The first night they only had a family room available and they gave us this room and 2 double rooms, so we had 3 rooms for the price of 2 the first night; then the following day they moved our luggagge to a family room next to the other family; and as we hadn't booked breakfast we had complementary breakfast for the whole of our stay, which was a plus to our stay and to the service from the hotel.The double rooms were on the 4th floor facing backwards and the family rooms were on the first floor facing the main road, which is a bit noisy because of the traffic, but this didn't disturb our sleep at all.The bus is right AT THE DOOR of the hotel; bus 76 for example takes you to Bank or St Pauls or Aldwych from where you can take buses to any place. The bus ride from Liverpool Street takes just 5 minutes. Moorgate tube station is a 5 minutes walk. Breakfast room was very busy, but we didn't have to wait more than 5 minutes. It's a buffet an English style breakfast and plenty of cereals, juices and muffins, croissants and toasts.And all this for a 29GBP for a family room.	
Mar 28 2008 	Travelodge Value and Great Location	Stayed at this Travelodge for 2 nights beginning of March, a break with husband away from kids! It was very clean, large double room, friendly staff. Great buffet breakfast too. Can highly recommend it. Very good value for money. Used as a base for sight seeing, get the number 11 bus from Liverpool St Station, it does all the sights ! Even saw them filming Spooks in Finsbury Square ! Friday night the area was buzzing. As it is a working area of the city, Saturday night not that much open locally but found a nice All Bar One for a drink and went to the Fab Indian over the road , The Curry Leaf for dinner, which was excellent. I would not hesitate to book this hotel again. Only negative, wireless a bit pricey ! £ 5 for an hour.	
Mar 27 2008 	Clean Convenient and Well-connected	I've tried several different London Travelodges based simply on what was available when booking a £26 advance rate through their web site. This time it was City Road's turn.I had a family room on the first floor. This was one of my best Travelodge experiences. The room was large, clean, well-spaced - flat-screen telly is a plus as this too saves space. All the usual amenities (coffee/tea etc) in the room plus... a BAR of SOAP! Other TLs required you to purchase these from machines in the lobby. I quite liked the area - mostly new office blocks and banks, generally very clean, not much activity at night. Pret and a curry place within easy walking distance, also M&amp;S for juice, sandwiches, lunchtime shopping. A few other convenience stores near Moorgate tube station as well (which I found to be more convenient than Old Street). Also there is a Southbound bus stand DIRECTLY OUTSIDE the hotel door, Northbound a short walk away - easy, direct connections to Liverpool Street station as well as King's Cross.Noise can happen anywhere when you least expect it - pack ear plugs no matter where you're planning to stay!	
Mar 20 2008 	Noisy	Stayed at this Travelodge for 4 nights in early March. The room was clean and spacious. The location was pretty good. BUT the noise level was AWFUL....we stayed in a family room on the 1st floor (room 149....I think). All 4 nights, people were outside our window smoking and talking until well passed 3am.....our room faced an alley in the back of the building. It was also the last room down the hall, as a result we could hear people next door walking up and down a metal staircase all night long. We talked to a girl at the front desk but she was not helpful. I would recommend a room in the upper stories and not at the end of the hallway and earplugs.....	
Mar 18 2008	very nice hotel ; I recommend it.	I spent three nights in this hotel and I found it very confortable and clean. The continental breakfast was good with a chice of food. The only thing I should complain was that the check-in and check-out time was very strict; the last day we had to pay a room for baggage storage until 4 pm. Nevertheless I recommend this hotel. Very nice and brand new!!!	
Mar 13 2008 	Central clean comfortable!	Like other reviewers, I also booked a room here for 26 pounds a night. If you've ever stayed in London, you know what an incredible bargain this is! I stayed for five nights and had a great stay.I had a family room, which included a large double bed and a foldout sofa. The bed was very comfortable. The room was kept spotless and the tea and coffee supplies were re-stocked every day. My room was right above the lobby, so I did encounter a bit of coming-and-going noise, but I just left the TV on at night to drown it out. I tried the breakfast one morning. It included hot items, as well as cereal, yogurt, and fruit. It wasn't bad, but it was a bit dear at 7.50. If I'd paid the normal rate of 90-100 pounds, I would expect the breakfast to be included, but for 26, I can't complain!The Marks &amp; Spencer down the road proved invaluable. I picked up sandwiches, snacks, and drinks there and kept them in the room to save a bit of money on eating. There are also a few coffee chains and pubs on the road, though otherwise, it's fairly quiet. The hotel is situated between Old Street and Moorgate tubes, so it's really handy to catch trains on either the Northern, Circle, District, or Hammersmith &amp; City lines. Buses also stop right outside the hotel, and it's very easy to catch a cab on City Road.I would definitely stay here again. As long as you're not looking for anything fancy, this hotel is perfect!	
Mar 12 2008 	Functional hotel in a good but not premium location	Firstly, the rating is above average is given based on the very good price I paid online- £26, plus an extra £10 for early check in. The &quot;walk up&quot; price of a room was about £105- at that price I give it 2 stars. Be aware that special prices are typically only for one night, so it could get confusing if you are looking to stay a few days.Firstly, a little gripe. I had paid in advance for early check in, and booked a family room. When I got there I was told, politely, that there were no clean family rooms. This was a little frustrating, because surely if they accept bookings and payment in adavance they should have the room ready on time. I accepted a double room.The room was big enough, a big bed, three pillows, and a small TV and desk/shelf area with a chair. View was a wall, and other rooms! The bathroom was standard, witha shower and WC. The room was clean, and the heater worked and was easy to use (not always the case with Travelodge.)The area was OK- about 400 yards from Old Street Tube, but actually a reasonably quiet street- I think there was a pub there, but that wasn't open Sundays! Actually, the immediate area was very quiet. It is about 40 minutes walk to Euston Station, which I did in the rain on Monday morning.The hotel also has a bar and restaurant, and drinks/snacks machines. There is an internet computer, that charges the stupidly high price of £1 for 10 minutes. Had I been paying the full price room I really would have expected this to be free, but at the budget rate- fair enough. Breakfast would have been an extra charge too.So, conclusions- its Travelodge- a functional hotel, in a decent (but certainly not premium) London location, which was clean and served its purpose- somewhere to sleep! Best suited to travellers who arn't going to be spending a lot of time in the hotel, and people who can plan thier trip around cheap, special offer, deals. Be suited for single night stays.	
Mar 11 2008	Only A Travel Lodge But Perfect	It's only a Travel Lodge but the location ( 2 minutes from Liverpool Street station ) is ideal. Loads to do within walking distance. The room was big and spotlessly clean, it even had a flat screen T.V. Plus a bar and restaurant . Can't complain.	
Mar 5 2008	good value	i booked this hotel on travelodge website,before it had opened,as the offer of 26 pounds per night was very enticing.my partner and i stayed for three nights,i requested a room at the rear and was accommodated no problem.the only sound that could be heard from our room, on the seventh floor was the distant rumble of a train.the room was quiet small,but was spotless as was the bathroom.tea and coffee making facilities are provided,but no shampoos or body lotions.we tried breakfast on the first morning £7.50 per person,it was a fiasco,no glasses for the juice,no cutlery,dirty tables.aoid at all costs.we used moorgate tube station as old street was closed for the weekend.to find the hotel look for the sign for finsbury square,and when you get to finsbury square travelodge is about 150 yards further, on the right hand side of the road,past verve club.there is a nice italian acroos the road from the hotel where we had a lovely meal.plusses for the hotel,close to tube and city centre,based in a good area.good selection of food outlets,and price,price,price.minuses,breakfast,and selection of beers in the cafe bar,there was only carlsberg draught available.would i stay again,at that price most definitely.	
Mar 3 2008 	fab fab fab!	Really clean, breakfast fantastic, really filling and lots of choice. M&amp;S food up the rd and and Indian takeaway opposite, plus ono site bar/cafe fantastic for easy quick snacks and kids meals which you can take to your room. Pretty small rooms but this is central London. Nice clean crisp linens and furnishings.Friendly staff.Fab location. I can't imagine that you'd find anything like it in the price range.You can't go wrong here.	
Mar 3 2008 	Great value!	Very central location in London Zone 1. Got the room for £ 26 per night. Fantastic value! Very clean and friendly	
Feb 26 2008 	Superb Bargain Hotel in heart of London	OK here's the deal.You want to be in LondonYou want to be centralYou want to access busses (they stop outside)You want to get taxis (they stop outside)You want to be out and aboutYou want to be near the tube (two choices 5 mins either way)you want to stay somewhere clean, modern, comfortable and safeYou don't want to spend too muchGet onto the Travelodge website and get booking.We had a 2nd floor room facing the front. Tiny bit noisey maybe but this is Central London for goodness sake. I'm told you can request a back room which are quieter, but then there's nothing to look at.The room was not massive, but ample for my family of 2 adults and 2 kids.And absolutely spotlessly clean and very comfy.We also used the Cafe Bar both nights - didn't fancy venturing out too far with my kids in tow. Absolutely fantastic...good straightforward, hot, tasty food at VERY reasonable prices.So to summarise, we will be going back and we stayed 2 nights. The price (booked well in advance) was less that £10.00 per person per night...including a full cooked, delicious breakfast...and as much as you could eat, which in my case was quite a lot.Can't say fairer than that!!Last word for the staff...well done, really friendly, approachable and helpful.	
Feb 21 2008 	great after a night out	This hotel has been newly refurbished and was immaculately clean with a comfy bed. We just wanted somewhere to crash after a night out and at £49 per room, who can grumble? Especially in London.The bar was good too and stayed open very late!There was no view from the window but it was very quiet which was great!	
Feb 20 2008 	Great budget hotel (if you get the budget price!)	Booked this hotel through the website for £26 per room per night, which was excellent value for central London. When we checked in, the advertised rate was £105 per room per night, which I would not have payed for. The hotel is conveniently located by Moorgate station, allowing access to all of London by tube. Our room was spacious, modern and very clean. However, our room faced City Road which did get noisy during peak time hours. The hotel has a Mark's and Spencers down the road, along with Starbucks and several places to eat breakfast. We also visited the Indian restaurant opposite, however it was extremely quiet for a Saturday night! We also visited Shoreditch which was nearby for a night out, which I highly recommend.	
Feb 20 2008	Modern Clean 	I stayed in this hotel for two nights earlier this monthI booked about four months in advance and got a £29 rate both nights, I feel this represented excellent value for the accommodation provided. I also booked a pre-paid breakfast for one night. I've stayed in lots of Travelodges in the UK &amp; Ireland. These include other London Travelodges, Manchester, Liverpool, Dublin, Edinburgh, Glasgow, Nottingham, the A38, the M6 e.t.c. In my personal experience I have to rate this one the best. Compared to another London Travelodge i've stayed in (Kings Cross Royal Scot) this one is second to none. I asked for a quiet room and received one where although there was no view, you would struggle to hear anything at any time of day or night. The family room was spacious with a nice modern red sofa. Contrary to Popular belief the room’s only feature an interim new room design. Future Travelodges will feature dark wood surfaces instead of light wood. Anyway, in these rooms the check duvets have gone (yay!). The orange has been replaced with white (rooms feel lighter). The net curtains have been replaced with black-out blinds (Brilliant idea). The ugly blue chairs have gone with white retro ones in their place (they look cool!). Flat screen TV's have been added aswell. The bathroom has been simplified with a shower instead of three-quarter bath (I personally prefer this).The room was very clean, opposed to other travelodges where they are bordering on being dirty. The room and public areas were in very good condition (well the place is still quite new!). With this being a new Travelodge it felt fresh. This is in contrast to older properties which can feel shabby. The staff were friendly and professional (which makes a change!) Smoking is banned throughout the hotel, this lead to the fire alarm going off at 9am in the morning! However it was soon switched off, but the lifts didn't work for about an hour after! The hotel has 392 rooms across 7 floors, which makes it very large. Sometimes the main 3 lifts couldn't cope as the hotel was busy! The Bar-Cafe was located on the ground floor next to the reception. Although it was light, airy and stylish it was a little too small for all those people. But in all fairness, everybody was accommodated. The first day I had a pre-booked breakfast. When I arrived I found that a lot more was on offer than other Travelodges. They had all the usual cooked stuff (Bacon, Scrambled egg, Mushrooms, Tomatoes and Sausages). But in addition they had Juices, Cereals, Croissants, Toast, Yoghurts, Chocolate Muffins (which were delicious) and other lovely breakfast surprises! The best bit was that because there were so many people the food was constantly being brought out fresh and hot! The new equipment also kept all the cooked stuff warm. In contrast to other reviews I found this excellent, so much so I bought it the second day aswell! It was better than some ‘proper’ hotels I’ve stayed in! Location was good; the hotel is located between Moorgate and Old Street tube stations. Personally I would choose Moorgate as the area in far nicer and the station boasts access to the Northern, Circle, Hammersmith &amp; City and Metropolitan lines where as Old street just has the Northern line. The area is primarily a Monday-Friday area for the bankers but a large M&amp;S nearby which also opens on a Saturday.Overall, if I’d have wanted luxury I would’ve had to pay for it. Travelodge offers excellent value for money in a very expensive city. Ok so the accommodation is quite basic, there is no trouser press available. Who wants that anyway! Hairdryers are not in the rooms but they are available at the reception. There is no telephone in the rooms (need I go on). This is the best Travelodge I’ve stayed in and it should be the flagship branch! It needs to set the standard for the others.	
Feb 18 2008 	Great Travelodge in London	This was our second time staying at the City Road location. It is definitely better than other Travelodges we've stayed at in London (Marylebone and Covent Garden) because it's new and the rooms are in much better condition. However, I do prefer the location of the others and would stay at whichever I could get the lowest rate. That being said, the location isn't really bad. Just a 5 minute walk from the Old Street tube (exit 4). However, the area is quite dead on the weekends. Just a Subway and Starbucks open nearby. There's a handy M&amp;S (5 minute walk to the left, same side of the road) however it closes at 18:00 on Saturday and is closed all day Sunday (open 7:00-20:00 Monday through Friday). Our room faced City Road and although the traffic noise was noticeable it didn't interfere with sleeping. I would definitely request a room on the other side though if you're a light sleeper.	
Feb 10 2008 	good clean and reasonable	we have just returned from 4 days in London - for anyone on a budget or preferring to spend money seeing the sights this is a great hotel. Staff were friendly and helpful rooms were a little basic and being in the city not great views - however having only paid £29 a night for a double room we were more than happy. Our room on the fourth floor comprised of large double bed, flat screen tv, standard storage units and a good size bathroom with fab hot and powerful shower. It is close to Old Street and Moorgate underground stations from where you can get anywhere. We only had a quick drink in their cafe bar but again staff were friendly. The only slight downer was a fire alarm at 6am on the Saturday morning but looking back it was a perfect evacuation and a false alarm - quite interesting as well to see 3 to 4 hundred people in various states of dress and undress stood in the middle of city road! Again well done to the staff so overall I would recommend this hotel as one of the better travelodges.	
Feb 6 2008 	clean new hotel but basic	I paid £50 per night for this hotel, I note that it is usually £105 per night. Well I wouldnt have paid that, but then again you cant get anything semi decent in London for cheaper! The plus points are that the hotel is new, clean and fresh and the staff seemed amenable and friendly. The minus points are that the room was cold even with the heater on, the beds were a bit bouncy for me (I prefer firmer but this is a personal preference) and being kept awake by tapping noises coming from the walls which I think were possibly pipes. Some biscuits and drinks other than tea and coffee in the room wouldnt have gone amiss. They wouldnt look after our bags for us so had to go to Kings Cross and pay at left luggage. I didnt chance the breakfast after reading poor reviews on here but in hindsight wish I had because there is nowhere to eat on a weekend round the hotel. The area is dead and many of the shops are closed which I found suprising. That said it was easy enough to jump in a tube from Old Street. Dont get me wrong there is nothing wrong with this hotel and I would probably consider it again, but it is very basic and I think that maybe it is worth paying a bit more to get a more luxurious hotel.	
Feb 4 2008 	Great place for a great price	If you are looking for a clean, new budget hotel close to public transport and all the good attractions in London then the travelodge is the place for you. Keep in mind though it is a travelodge and so prepare for mininmalism, there are no phones in the rooms but you can get hairdryers from downstairs. Staff were nice food in the restaurant was well below average, frozen pizzas and canned soup, but the hotel itself was really clean and only a 2 min walk from an underground station.	
Jan 28 2008	Very Good Travelodge	This was a fantastic London based travelodge, much better than most others I have stayed in (I generally like travelodge but London ones can be grotty). Very clean and check in was fast. The bar looked good but didnt get the chance to use it. Good location. The room was fresh and clean, as were the hallways, and the shower was fab! I got the hotel for a bargain £19 and would have been happy to have paid more. I think either this travelodge was very well looked after or a new travelodge. Reccommended.	
Jan 24 2008 	brilliant hotel at a great price	I stayed at this hotel for one night on the 22nd jan 2008, with my sister and female cousin. I was nervous about us travelling alone in london, but the area of the hotel was great.We arrived at the hotel at 2.10pm and could not check in untill 3 or pay an extra £10 which we did not feel was worth it. we were told that we could wait in the cafe, which at that time was not open, luckliy we had brought our own lunch and sat at a table to eat while we waited.We were called to check in about half an hour and was in our room just before 3. We had booked a family room, which was a great size. The bathroom was fairly small but had everything we needed.Both the double bad and sofa bed were comfortable and we all had a good night sleep. we were situated in a corner room over looking city road we did not hear any road noise.as i said we were worried about the area, but we returned to the hotel from a concert at around 1am and did not feel unsafe during the short journey from moorgate tube station to the hotel. We did not notice and late night bars or cafes and the only traffic was the occasional taxi passing by. we were already booked up to go back in may and i have no problem in returning.	
Jan 13 2008 	Great value hotel	We stayed at the City Road Travelodge for one night between Christmas and New Year so that we could catch the Eurostar the following morning.At £20 for one night it represented excellent value. We had a nasty moment when reception staff told us there were no family rooms available, but we were happy enough with two doubles next to each other.It's under ten minutes' walk to Moorgate tube and the area seemed fine, (although quiet in late December!)I would definitely stay again if the same room rate was available.	
Jan 9 2008 	Great hotel	It's a travelodge, so you know what you're getting- a basic room at a good price.This is the best travelodge i've stayed at- brand new hotel, good central location, spotlessly clean, quiet, flat screen TV, kettle, andquite a large room. And all for £19, in central London!!! Would definately stay again, but would not pay the full room price (£109), but if you plan ahead and keep checking the Travelodge websiteyou should be able to get a good deal.	
Jan 9 2008 	Very cheap but not too cheerful	I will start off on a positive note. This hotel is cheap. Therefore, because of this I should make some allowances but after reading an article in a newspaper over the weekend where it stated that this was the new flagship of the chain I gasped. Apparently, there has been £60 million spent on this hotel. I’d like to know where? Ok it has flat screen TV’s in every room but I would have preferred a working radiator!As we arrived at the hotel at 11am, we asked if there was a storage area for our cases until the 3pm check-in time. The receptionist snapped that for security reasons they do not offer this service but for £10 we could check-in early (a sneaky way of getting more money out of you). So we paid up.The rooms are very minimalist but not in a good way. A double bed with a just to say covering quilt, 2 small side tables and an all in one unit across the other side which held the “Flat Screen TV”, a few coat hangers, and the tea and coffee facilities. I’d like to say that the cups looked like they’d been there quite some time as they were filthy. To my horror there were no curtains just a thin white blind. My friend tried to open the blind and almost cut her finger open. Very cheap secondary glazing has been put in. The windows looked very dirty so we closed the blind again. In the bathroom you have 2 small plastic cups that had obviously been used and not replaced. There was a massive space under the window where normally you’d find the sofa bed. We went back downstairs and asked why we didn’t have one. This was only available in the family rooms. I must have just been lucky when I’ve stayed in them before then. When I asked if we could move to a room with one in she snapped that I’d already checked in so couldn’t possibly move now!!After spending the afternoon in central London we returned and asked if reception would book us a taxi, to be told for security reasons they can’t do that so I asked if they could just give me a number, once again for security reasons this was not possible and we should just go and stand in the road and flag one down. Novotel Greenwich did this the night before without batting an eyelid (Which incidentally I would highly recommend as the difference in quality and staff attentiveness was incomparable).Returning back at the hotel late evening we found our room to be freezing. I tried to get the tiny radiator to work but to no avail so we put on jumpers over our pyjamas before getting into bed. I maybe could have gone down and asked at reception but assumed that for security reasons they couldn’t possibly fix our radiator. That would have been the last straw.As we checked out the gentleman did ask if we’d enjoyed our stay but by that time I just couldn’t be bothered so just told him to fix the radiator.Considering this hotel has only been open since October it is looking very shabby indeed. Maybe they need to throw a few more million at it. I don’t know maybe we stayed at some other grotty hotel in City road that had a big sign outside claiming to be a travelodge!!People will now say well what do you expect for the price? My reply is - Think I’ll stick to Premier Inn’s in future. I have stayed in a number of Travelodges before with no problems, but I have to say this is the worst.	
Jan 6 2008	Not bad but dont do the breakfast	Famly of 4 in 2 rooms on first floor..on city road side we knew it would be noisy and it was, buses run late and start early best described as a perma rush hour.However we did get some sleep.Good view down city road from my room which was a good size on the corner front.Rooms are clean and fresh as would be expected for such a new building.We payed £19 each for the rooms for 2 nights and as such it was good value.........Now the horror storyThe breakfast is a shambles they charge £7.50 for dirty tables food which is cold poor quality or mostly not available.I asked for a knife 3 times and waited 20 mins for one to be washed it arrived smeared in egg..........complained and had full refund of breakfast for family of 4....not a nice experience the breakfast is a no go area ..plenty of other places near by.	
Jan 4 2008 	Excellent value	We stayed at Travelodge City Road for 2 nights at the beginning of the new year. We had manged to secure a family room at the excellent rate of £26 per night.The hotel was in good condition, as it should be since it only opened in Oct 07. The family room seemed a little smaller than in older travelodges but still sufficient for our requirements.As in line with other Travelodges the facilities were pretty basic, Kettle, TV provided but not much else. However, as we only used the room to rest after pounding the streets of London this was ldeal. We were situated on the third floor and did experience some of the noise from outside as others have mentioned but again we didn't find it a major problem.The hotel is located in the city district which does mean catching two tubes if coming back from the West End, but the journey only takes approx 15 min even with the change. There are two local underground stations, Old Street and Moorgate both approx 5 min walk back to the hotel. We used Moorgate more often as Old Street was quite intimidating late at night.Overall, at the value rate of £26 this is an ideal base for visiting Londons many attractions. Good, clean and basic rooms, excellent value	
Jan 2 2008 	Best of the Travelodge	I stayed here for 3 nights between Christmas and New Year 2007.I booked the room via the website paying a total of £101 for the 3 nights.The hotel has recently opened so i was hoping the hotel would better be than other Travelodge’s I’ve stayed in. It was.The double room was a lot bigger than other hotels I’ve stayed in, plenty of space for the sofa and make up table. The bathroom is good to, everything was really clean and there was always hot water for baths and when using the power shower.There was also a flat screen TV which is always good.Walk from Old Street tube station is about 5mins at the most, you want exit 4 or 5 at the tube station.The next time i stay in London i will try to stay at this hotel again, for the cost, comfort, location it’s a great hotel.	
Jan 2 2008	Far better than the usual Travelodge	Great value for central London. Well located for the City, being a stone's thrown north of Finsbury Square.This is apparently the first hotel to showcase Travelodge's latest room design, and it's actually very good - far better than their usual standard. The room was very comfortable indeed, brand new and surprisingly large. (Then again, most Travelodges are good when they've just opened - it's only once they've been open for a year or so that they start to feel tatty and tired).Only one gripe - they refuse to store guests' luggage, so if you have suitcases and aren't travelling on to your next destination immediately after checking out, you're a bit stuck.	
Dec 28 2007 	Reasonable Value at the £19.00 Saver rate	Location: 2 min walk from Old Street and Moorgate tubes. Liverpool Street is 5 min walk away so handy for the city and easy access to Kings Cross, West end and Waterloo Buses 21 43 76 141 and 214 all stop outside.Stayed here on two different occasions in December as was visiting parents over Christmas and could not stay all the time at home. Managed to get £19.00 Saver rates on all room stays and on both sets of stays was given different rooms.Travelodge refer to the City Road hotel as their new style Travelodge and to be honest I was wondering what was different from the old style Travelodge? Ah yes, the quilt cover is the main difference. White as opposed to blue chequered and the room benefits now from the ubiquitous Flat Screen TV, although with the same limited number of TV channels I might add as found in all other Travelodges. Standard rooms which I was allocated on the 1st stay are quite small with no bath in the bathroom (shower only) and If I am honest the whole thing now has the feel more than ever of a Hospital room. Still at least the room was quiet!2nd Stay a few days later and was given a Family room, a little bit bigger, a lot bigger bathroom and a nicer experience in all.Plus points are that the staff are friendly, vending machines on site and at £19.00 per night this is good value.Negative points: Well its a Travelodge so I don't expect the Ritz, but the place is brand new yet it looks like every other Travelodge and very 70's in the communal areas. Also No Air Conditioning, which even the ETAP brand manages on a cheaper per night room rate. If paying £19.00 a night as I have said is good value, £29.00 yes possibly also good value, £39.00/£49.00 Saver I'd start looking at cheapest rates at the nearby Express by Holiday Inn which includes free Breakfast and is a superior product but pay the full rack rate of £105.00 no thanks, not when there are much better options in the area such as the Hoxton, Express By Holiday Inn City and Crowne Plaza Shoreditch for not much more	
Dec 6 2007 	Nice	I stayed here for 3 nights from the 19th November.The hotel was brilliant, no troubles at all.The room and bathroom were brand new, modern and clean.I had a decent view from the room. The only noise were from the buses on the road outside the room but didnt cause too much bother.I didnt have breakfast at the hotel but there were plenty of places either just across the road or 5 minutes walk away, the pret a mangers were plentiful and very nice as was the starbucks.There are also nice restaurants across the road and many within walking distance.Liverpool Street was a 10 minutes walk away and there is lots to do there.There are also a few big shops just up the road from the hotel eg, New Look, M&amp;S and Next encase you have forgotten anything.Would stay here again.	
Nov 28 2007	Ideal	Having being once 'bitten' with a noisy Travelodge in Edinburgh recently with noise at night from outside, we asked for a quiet room here. We were lucky and were given room 122 on the 1st floor. On the corridor to our room we smelt what only can described as rat urine ( smelt rat urine many times in my old job ) with two rooms' doors open with industrial fans blowing and carpet been removed. This looks like some sort of flood that had happened prior to us arriving. Anyway, our room was clean, not too spacious but spot on for what we needed it for complete with flat-screen tv. Our first nights sleep was brill. On our second day we returned from shopping in London only to find our room had encountered a flood with the carpet wet through in places. We advised reception who immediately moved us to room 557 with a view looking down City road. The problem we had now was the noise at night with what seemed a never-ending rush hour going on right through the night...literally. This room was bigger but also colder and the small electric heater didn't do much to take the chill off. Granted, it was a cold weekend but cold in this room.Opposite the hotel are a couple of restaurants, two Italian and an Indian. We ate at two of them and enjoyed our meals. Also reasonably priced too but beware of a service charge being added automatically..please take this into account on top of your food bill. We wanted a beer but found it very difficult to bet one near this hotel on a Sundat afternoon. The Travelodge bar does not open until 5pm and surrounding pubs ( what few there are ) seem to only cater for the city workers Monday to Friday so this was a little disappointing. Staff here very helpful and friendly. We didn't eat here so cannot comment on the food etc. Would we return? Yes, although doubtful we'd pay over £60 per night in our opinion. Fortunately we only paid £26 per night like others who have reviewed this hotel. Tube stations are about a 10 minute walk although buses do stop right outside.	
Nov 26 2007 	No phone or emergency alarm in the rooms	I give the subject line as a caution, because I am concerned that there is no way to contact reception in the event of an emergency. Even simple hotels have alarms in the bathroom for example but there are no mandatory hotel regulations about this as far as I know.That's really the only problem about the place I am concerned about. Well, that plus they don't keep baggage so you have to pay £6.50 per item per day at Liverpool St. Station; and internet access is £5 per hour. That dilutes some of the value in a £90 room rate (+£6.75 each for breakfast).This is a new hotel, clean.Travelodge advertises their lean services (&quot;No trouser press&quot;) .. fair enough but they do not advertise the other cutbacks. No hairdryer in the room, but you can ask for one if they are not all out already.Buffet breakfast has a good selection of cereals, two juices, two tinned fruits, and the usual cooked selection. Efficient checkin service, polite staff.It's very central, 10 mins walk from Liverpool St Station, close to the City, the Barbican centre, a longer walk or bus or Tube to St. Paul's and the Tate Modern.It's OK, I'll look around some more next time, but I don't recommend against it.	
Nov 23 2007 	Good budget hotel but avoid City Road rooms	I stayed in this hotel for a midweek break. I found it to be very clean, comfortable and perfect as a base for exploring London. Its proximity to Liverpool St Station is especially good for anyone travelling from Stansted. The rooms are clean and tidy and have an electric radiator which we found we did not need even in November. We asked for a move from the room first allocated to us on the first floor at the front of the hotel on City Road as it was very noisy (and we had read previous complaints on this website about noise continuing all night - unless you are one of those people who can sleep in an airport I would definitely do this). We were accommodated with no problems or hassle. Breakfast was very nice and we did not experience any queues or dirty tables. The staff all seemed perfectly pleasant.	
Nov 21 2007 	Ok but very noisy	Of all the travelodges i've stayed in in London, this is my least favourite. We stayed for 3 nights and each night couldn't get to sleep due to the noisiest club in the world outside, which seemed to stay open til 6am!! Nevertheless, the hotel is new so you can expect it's lovely and clean inside. The all you can eat breakfast is good, but still a tad pricey and prepare to use your elbows to beat back all the other residents for clean plates and food, bit of a cattle market. Staff seemed like they couldn't care less, but after all they were all about 18 years old.Our room was really small, compared to other travelodges, very little space to move around in, but I can't complain too much here as we got the room for £26 per night and for the middle of London that's pretty amazing! Would advise other travelodges before this one.	
Nov 21 2007 	Greta Value No frills Hotel	Check in at 5pm on a Monday took only a few seconds. Good clean new room. I liked that the lighting was good enough to work by and there were plenty of sockets - I could plug in my PC and still make a cup of tea at the same time. Also nice to have a mirror close to the sockets so I could see whatI I was doing when drying my hair.I was on the second floor at the front of the building and was not disturbed by any noise. Lifts worked just fine during my stay.Remember it's a budget hotel so it does not provide phone, hairdryer or toiletries.	
Nov 14 2007 	Excellent value but quite noisy	As previously said, hotel is new and clean. Easily accessible to tube and buses at front door. The only issue was the noise in the room from outside. But we did still manage to sleep although we were woken through the night (we stayed 5 nights)mainly from noisy nightclubbers out in the street. Staff were friendly and helpful. Buffet breakfast was excellent - sausages, egg, bacon, baked beans, mushrooms, bread/toast, muffins, croissants, cereal, yoghurt, fruit, tea, coffee and juice for 7.50 and kids eat free. We (family with 2 kids aged 6yrs and 3yrs) were happy with our stay and would stay again. We paid 26.00 per night so it was excellent value.	
Nov 12 2007 	Brand New	This is absolutely the best Travelodge I have ever stayed! And I know where I'm talking about because I have slept in several Travelodges. Great location in central London with underground stations Moorgate and Old Street nearby, altough you can walk (10-15min) from Liverpool Street Station. I had room 612 and it was big and spacious. I had also some good views from my window. And there is a flatscreen-tv, which is surprising because tv's in Travelodges are not always working! And my room was very clean. There is also a bar which offers buffet-breakfast for 7.50 pounds. Great hotel, especially if you can get the 26 pounds rate!	
Nov 10 2007 	Lovely new hotel in a QUIET London location!	We stayed in Travelodge City Road for two nights, and were pleasantly surprised by the service and accommodation we received. The hotel is brand new, the receptionist told us it had opened 3 weeks prior to our stay. Our room was basic but comfortable- the bed especially. We had stopped over in London on our way home to Ireland from a holiday in Oman, and were sufferring from jet lag. The hotel is built around a little square, and our room overlooked this. There was absolutely no traffic noise, which is unheard of in London!! We slept quite a lot at odd hours, and didn't hear a thing. My only complaint with the room was that the shower had a curtain rather than a door. This meant that the bathroom floor got wet, so anything sitting on it got soaked. We ate in the bar/restaurant for dinner and breakfast. The food was good and portions were a generous size. There was a delay in placing our order and getting served, however as it was newly opened, we allowed for some teething problems. The staff were polite and friendly.The hotel is located 7 minutes walk from Liverpool St station. It's very central. There are some bars and restaurants on the same street, but we didn't visit any of these.I'd recommend this hotel. I've stayed in Travelodge in London before, and this was by far the best.	
Nov 8 2007 	No Frills Hotel with Great Location	Great location for a budget hotel in London. Minutes walk from Liverpool St tube station which is within zone one tube network. The room was large for a London hotel but basic. No hairdryer, telephone or toiletries. Was reminiscent of modern student accomodation but extremely clean with a very comfortable bed. As a place to sleep in an expensive city the Travelodge is exceptional value for money. I would definitely return.	
Nov 7 2007 	Good new London travelodge	Just what you would expect from Travelodge but this new London hotel (well new in an old building) is pretty good especially if you can get the cheaper advance rates. These hotels are basic but consitent so if you like them this is a good one.	
Nov 6 2007 	staff don't care		
Nov 5 2007	A good London base!		
Nov 1 2007	Too noisy.		
Oct 31 2007 	Good value base in central London		
Oct 27 2007 	OK		
Oct 26 2007	Fix the breakfast and make money		
Oct 23 2007 	Really cheap		
Oct 17 2007 	OK hotel		
Oct 16 2007	OK Hotel a bit bare		
Oct 6 2007 	The New Generation Travelodge		
Nov 4 2009 	Très bon plan ne cherchez plus ailleurs ! (descriptif détaillé de notre séjour)		
Oct 9 2009 	Gutes Preis-Leistungsverhältnis		
Sep 2 2009 	nunca más		
Aug 22 2009 	Sauber günstig gut gelegen		
Aug 21 2009 	Anonymer chaotischer Massennepp mit ca. 800 unklimatisierten Zimmern		
Aug 21 2009 	Ottima posizione		
Jul 20 2009 	Kein Luxushotel dafür aber preiswert und sauber: völlig ok!		
Jun 10 2009 	Einfach nur schlecht und nicht zu empfehlen		
Jun 9 2009 	Decisamente un ottimo rapporto qualità/prezzo		
Apr 30 2009 	Pulito economico e ben posizionato		
Apr 27 2009 	Preiswertes sauberes und gutes Hotel in zentraler Lage		
Apr 26 2009 	Top-Adresse für Städtereisen und Business		
Mar 7 2009 	ottima scelta		
Feb 18 2009 	Ottima posizione pulizia buonaprezzo interessante		
Feb 18 2009 	Perfecto		
Oct 7 2008 	posizione ottima e albergo comodissimo		
Sep 29 2008 	Kein Grund zur Beschwerde bis auf Eines...		
Sep 23 2008 	Ottima posizione		
Sep 22 2008 	Günstig aber nicht gut		
Aug 24 2008 	Preiswert sauber und super für den Londonaufenthalt!		
Aug 3 2008 	Alles was man braucht		
Jun 25 2008 	Da consigliare		
May 8 2008 	Gute Adresse preiswert und ideal gelegen!		
May 2 2008 	Stupendo questo hotel		
Mar 27 2008	un vrai hotel a londres		
Jan 22 2008 	Il migliore al minor prezzo		
