	Cool chic comfortable and central.	Enjoyed a 2 night 'theatre break' in the City and well pleased with our choice of hotel. Has benefited greatly from refurbishment and we enjoyed an 'Upgrade' at check-in. Beautifully appointed room, (view onto back of a church but we weren't there for a view!)with nice sleek minimalistic lines. Very pleasant staff. Got a good deal through website booking and found location ideal - easy walk to Covent Garden and Theatreland.	
Nov 2 2009 	Excellent modern hotel in great location	Stayed at the Thistle on a theatre break for our anniversary. Wasn't sure what to expect but was not disappointed. The hotel has undergone a refurbishment and the rooms were spacious and furnished to a high standard. Great location - 10-15 min walk to covent garden and nearby theatres and 5 mins to the British Museum. There are also various bars/restaurants nearby. Breakfast was buffet style with full english/continental available along with tea/coffee/juice. Staff were friendly and helpful. Would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Oct 30 2009 	Great Hotel and Location	Service when we arrived was very efficient and the staff were very polite and helpful. The room was one of the best i have stayed in it's very modern and trendy with a good size LCD telly. The only slight let down was the windows did not open and as the weather was very mild for the time of year the room was quite hot, there was AC but it was faulty, but a concierge did come up and managed to open one window slightly and he was very helpful. Meals at the hotel were very expensive, so we ate out.The location was ideal central to the main parts of London and the tube is only a short distance away, i would advise you to get a day pass as it works out cheaper if you are going to be using the tube alot otherwise for every trip you take on the tube it will cost you £4.00 and it is going up so will be even dearer. The tubes get very busy between 5pm-7pm so try and avoid these times if you can.London it's self is a very busy place but also enjoyable, there are plenty of things to do and plenty of places to eat from your local back street cafes to the posh nosh eateries. Would not recommend Planet Hollywood the food was awful and looked and tasted cheap i did complain and so did other people, for the price you would expect it to be of good quality but it was anything but!!!.On a whole had a fab stay and would recommend this hotel for all.	
Oct 20 2009 	Love this Hotel and Location	I stayed at the Kingsley in March with my mom and Aunt for Sring Break in March 2009. I have been to London several times but this was the best trip. The hotel is walking distance to the tube and shopping. I love shopping on Oxford Street and I could walk to Oxford from the hotel. Of course you can take a taxi or the bus but you can also walk so you can spend more euros on shopping. There is this great hamburger place down the way from the hotel. As an American I don't think the food is that great in London but this burger was big, good, and juicy. I highly recommend this hotel because of it's location and I forgot...it's newly renovated so it's real modern. I'll definitely be back next spring break!!!	
Oct 7 2009 	What a pleasant surprise	We go to London a couple of times each year and are accustomed to very disappointing hotels with tiny rooms. The Kingsley was a complete exception although I suspect we had a room upgrade.The hotel was recently refurbished in an impressive boutique style using very high quality fittings, our room was excellent with a huge comfy bed, flat screen TV, armchair, desk etc. It was completely quiet. The bathroom was crisp, modern and very well equipped.The included breakfast buffet provided all you can eat full English or continental in a good surroundings with enthusiastic staff doing coffee and toast etc.We did not sample much of the other service so can't really comment. The hotel is a few steps from Bloomsbury square where we parked the car. This is a nice part of London. Great value for money and a pleasure to stay there.	
Oct 2 2009 	What a great hotel in a great location!!	Only stayed for one night, but was very impressed with quality of staff, service and room. Ideally located, close to tube stations, and close to theatreland, the main reason for our stay. Room was ideal, very modern, clean and comfortable (514) . Only downside was lack of hot water for a full bath/shower, but not a big issue on a one night stay.Breakfast was great, one of the best in any hotel i have stayed in.Would thoroughly recommened to others, and would definately return again.	
Sep 29 2009 	Brilliant! Great location clean and very friendly staff.	I would definately recommend this to my friends and we are going to use this for our base whenever we visit London. The location was within easy walking distance from all of the main attractions and ideal for those wishing to visit the theatre during their stay. The room was 'cosy' but ample big enough for a base and very clean.The tea and coffee is in the drawer and you can always ask for more at reception they are very obliging.	
Sep 22 2009 	excellent value for money	Paid £112 for a double (room 206) on a on line distributor the night before...- this room was located at front of building on only 2nd floor but good sound proofing assured this was not a problem. Large room, with lots of room to move around the king sized bed; Recently renovated inthe usual clean line, trendy look; large bath with good shower; Located a short walk from the Tottenham Court Rd tube, and several short streets from bus lines, so good for transport in central London.... did not use the breakfast or bar so no omments there....I was really pleased given how tiny so many London hotel rooms are....I'll stay again...	
Sep 16 2009 	Good value hotel	We booked this hotel (after much searching!), due to its location and the deal we got off Laterooms.com - £79 a night. It was an absolute bargain!!! The hotel was immaculate, all being newly refurbished, and the location was fantastic - just 5-10 mins walk to Covent Garden, Leicester square, Trafalgar square, and Holborn tube station. Our room was on their 'mezzanine' level, which is their posh way of saying &quot;down at the bottom with absolutely no view&quot;, but we weren't there to stay in our room all day. The room was very well presented, lovely bathroom, TV, Ironing board &amp; iron (very handy), extra pillows, and the tea tray (which is in the drawer so make sure you don't miss it!). Would gladly stay here again.	
Sep 15 2009 	GREAT GREAT HOTEL!	Fantastic staff, fantastic room (completely refurnished) and fantastic location made our stay in London so great. I have been several times in London and never received such a nice service in an hotel. Theatres, Museums, Bars,Restaurants etc... all are just outside ot at the corner! I do hope they will keep it at these rates to keep it affordable so we can come back... We just loved it!!!!. Special thanks to Beatriz (chef reception) and staff for her great help and kindness.	
Aug 31 2009 	Impressed	Chose this hotel based on proximity to theatre (for Oliver) and of course trip advisor reviews which are always pretty accurate. We were really impresssed, the hotel is fresh, classy and modern, loved the elegant staircase with its purple carpet and chandeliers, made you feel good just walking down it! Room was very comfortable and excellent bathroom. Just a 5-10 walk down Drury Lane to theatre and covent garden markets which were great, lots of free entertainment, never used the tube at all. Parked car in secure underground car park just round corner in Bloomsbury Square, £20 for 24 hours, you can walk to lots of shops and bars so its a great location. Tip; tea tray in drawer, we didnt find till leaving.	
Aug 26 2009 	fine for a night not for a week	this is an OK hotel, paid £130 a night incl VAT for a double room with full breakfast. Room was OK, nice bathroom with Power shower. room and it's contents were clean. Enough room for a night with just a small bag and a few clothes, would not want to stay in it much longer due to lack of space.	
Aug 24 2009 	Very good for the price refurbished and excellent location	This hotel was very good - it's been recently refurbished and the standard in the bedrooms, bar and restaurant shows this. Beds were extremely comfortable, we slept well and it was very quiet in the room, possibly because we were up a short flight of stairs with only one room next to us. The location was great - very close to the British museum, theatres, decent pubs so we didn't need to travel on the underground for our 2 days stay. We were even able to walk to embankment and get a boat trip to St Katherine's Dock which was lovely.The only real negative about the hotel was the breakfast - quite disappointing buffet breakfast with a limited and lukewarm selection of food. Would not have paid for this if it hadn't been included as part of the room rate.	
Aug 18 2009 	Lovely Hotel in Ideal Location for Theatres	Booked a week before stay and was quoted £89 B&amp;B, which I thought was excellent. On arrival we were greeted with a warm friendly welcome and upgraded to a junior suite, which was superb. Hotel only a 15 minute walk from our theatre, which was great.Breakfast to start was a little on the slow side and had to wait for cooked items to be brought out, but at least we knew they were fresh!!Would definitely stay again and recommend to anyone visiting theatreland.	
Aug 17 2009 	Super hotel in wonderful location for West end theatre break	We have just returned from a weekend stay at the Kingsley by Thistle and had a first class experience all round. The location is walking distance to all the main attractions and theatres. We booked with West End Theatre breaks who recomended this hotel as being suitable for families. Our two rooms on the floor five were spotlessly clean. The beds were comfortable and linen changed daily together with the towels. All staff were curtious and effiecient. Couldn't have asked for more. Breakfast was buffet style and the staff were lovely ensuring that all of the needs of the family were met. I will definately stay at this hotel again.	
Aug 16 2009 	CLASSY CENTRAL CUSTOMER FRIENDLY HOTEL - GREAT STAY	We booked this hotel for a 2 night stay for a group of 6 (3 over 40's, 1 x 18yrs, 1 x 15yrs, 1 x 14yrs). We were informed that it had just had a major refurb, but I did see some photos on Trip Advisor of customers who had stayed there recently and were in the &quot;old&quot; rooms, so I was hoping that wasn't the case with us. No need to worry on that - our rooms were absolutely fantastic. The smallest of the 3 went to the 14 and 15 year old (there is always a pecking order!), but it was a very nice small room. I've put some pictures on of our room (double) and the other twin with a lovely window seat, this one being the biggest of the three. Everything was in the room, tea/coffee, hairdryer, ironing board and iron hung up in the wardrobe! We arrived at the hotel from Kings Cross (nearest tube is Holborn, take Piccadilly line to Holborn station and then a 0.2 mile walk to hotel or Tottenham Court Road, Piccadilly line to Holborn, change onto Central line - red - to Tottenham Court Road making it a 0.3 mile walk to the hotel if you feel like stretching your legs a little longer). When you walk in, the hotel has a lovely light, modern feel. We checked-in before 12 noon with the intention of leaving our cases for a couple of hours whilst we went shopping on Oxford Street, about 10/15 min walk from the hotel. One of our three rooms was ready, so the very lovely lady who checked us in, let us go to the room where we freshened up, left our bags and took off for a few hours. We were back at the Kingsley for 4.30ish, showered, chilled out for a while and then out by 7pm for our night out at the Medieval Banquet at St Katharine's Dock, Tower Bridge. A taxi would have been around £30 one way (because there were 6 of us, this was a problem in London as they only do cabs for 5 passengers, so we would have to order two cabs), so we decided to use the tube. You can get the £5.60 off peak adult ticket which allows unlimited travel on the tube within zones 1 and 2 up to 4am the next day. We bought 4 x £5.60 tickets and the kids were just £1 each. A bit of a walk from the tube at Tower Hill to the venue, but it was a lovely evening, so if you leave the high heels at home for the night, you're ok walking. Medieval Night - we paid £31 for the four adults and the teenage boys were free, so not a bad deal for us. The price includes a four course meal and unlimited wine (red or white, no rose on offer) and John Smith's bitter, the kids had unlimited coke/lemonade too. We arrived at 7.45pm as requested on our tickets, but the wine and beer don't come out until 8.15pm, so it was a cash bar for half an hour, something to bear in mind. The meal isn't a culinary experience, very, very basic, but it was edible and to be fair, the evening was more about joining in with the cast and your group. We really enjoyed the night, it was a good laugh and I think for the price we paid, it was very good value. I would recommend it - the cast really make the effort to get everyone in the mood of the theme which they did very well. Naomi was our &quot;wench&quot; for the evening and she was good fun, looked after us very well :) - a good night.The breakfast at the hotel was lovely, buffet style, always replenshed as soon as anything ran low and everything you could want as far as choice was concerned. Nothing too much trouble.Our second day was at London Zoo - Holborn tube to Oxford Circus, change to the Bakerloo line for Regent's park. You can take a bus from outside the tube station (using your tube ticket) or if you fancy a walk, it's about 25 mins through Regent's park. We got 20% off the price of the tickets using a leaflet we'd picked up, so have a look around for these in the hotel etc. We got the bus to a tube station and just hopped on back to Holborn, out by 7 again for Priscilla Queen of the Desert which was a 10 min walk from the hotel if you can read a map, or you can completely go in the opposite direction and then hail a cab to get you there! I can recommend this musical - absolutely brilliant, fantastic music, the whole cast were outstanding and the audience all joined in. I loved it, the atmosphere was amazing. The guy who plays Felicia stole the show for us. I say us - the two boys in our group didn't know what had hit them, hilarious. Anyway, if you're looking for a musical with the feel-good factor, this is it. The best night out at the theatre I've had in a long time. Walked back to the hotel this time, 10 mins.We could check out as late at 12 noon, but we were packed and out by 10.30am, left our bags with the Concierge until 3.30pm so we could have another walk around as my legs hadn't completely gone numb yet, so we bought the off-peak tube tickets again and made our way to Covent Garden, had a wander, stopped to have a couple of lunchtime glasses of wine, back on the tube to Regent Street, went to the Vodka Icebar, not a good idea for us for lunch. We were led downstairs into BelowZero and I felt like we were in a dungeon, quite oppresive so we decided to just have our drinks and left to find somewhere a bit more suitable for lunch. Bit of celebrity spotting - saw Ian from Strictly Come Dancing (dances with Camilla) shopping, not rehearsing for the next series of SCD. Made our way to Leicester Square, into Chinatown and had a bite to eat and then back on the tube to the Kingsley for our bags and then onto King's Cross for our 4.30pm train to Leeds. So, we would definitely recommend the Kingsley Thistle Hotel - great location for most attractions, lovely rooms, breakfast very nice indeed and the service from the staff was outstanding, very friendly and helpful. Loved it.	
Jul 6 2009 	Great hotel	Stayed here after a mix up with our booking for another hotel (not related to this hotel or chain at all) arrived very late. checked into a large king room with my sister - we had to a bed with my sister - although the bed was huge and this did not matter at all - it was so big I could barely see her!!room and bathroom clean and tidy - slept very well even though our room was at the front - could barely hear the road noise. check in and check out simple.	
Jul 6 2009 	Ticks all the boxes good choice	After reading the previous reviews I was quite worried about what to expect when I booked here, but I heard about the revamp and had my fingers crossed that I would get a new room.Pleasantly surprised when I got there. Location is excellent. It is very near Covent Garden (I noticed a review where someone complained that it was 20 mins walk...they must have taken the 'scenic route' as it is no more than 10 mins slow walk).Service was simple but good. Got a refurbished room in the fifth floor which was lovely (although small, but it is London after all!). There was no minibar, but there is room service (even though the menu does not give you the tel number!), big flat screen with all the usual channels, and a clean bathroom with usual mod cons.By London standards it was good value (we stayed Fri &amp; Sat night and got it for £140 per night incl tax). Concierge was very helpful with directions, arranging a taxi and recommendations for places to go.Overall a good choice for central London - simple, functional, good value, great location.	
Jun 27 2009 	Great location and good revamp	On the third floor in a new refurb - more than acceptable for the price (£114 for a Friday night booked on the Monday). Was a twin room and when we arrived the beds were next to each other. Given we were friends but not that friendly :-) we moved them apart - which was easy as they were light.The room was quite small but that did not bother us as were down for the ACDC concert at Wembley. Checked in at 2pm (room was ready) and met up with other friends in the bar and the out for a few beers and didnt return till 12 hours later at 2am. Bar was shut when we got back - surprised but secretly relieved.Bathroom was nice and shower was good and refreshing..... didnt bother with breakfast as it seemed quite expensive for what it was. There are lots of cafes and greasy spoons around the corner on the way to the British Museum so would recommend using those.All in all a good place to stop - great central location, relatively inexpensive and very quiet (which is always a plus). If we came down for a show would use as it is so close to covent garden and soho.	
Jun 21 2009 	not stay again	the rooms are being redecorated, we did not get informed when we booked, also there are very small the showers do not work and our friends were moved rooms ,20 minuets walk to covent garden not round corner as thay say, not whorth the money,one posotive the night porter is great the guy can not do enough for you.	
May 31 2009 	refurbished quality at good location	We stayed on the totally refurbished third floor, (the first and second were still more or less a construction site) in a superior room, very very nice. Breakfast buffet was very complete, the free newspapers appreciated. Location is perfect to explore London and a nice area in itself. They also have a very nice bar. I'd definitely go back! One small negative: no free internet.	
Apr 22 2009 	yet one more disappointment?	we booked a cheaper B+B room deal here through a newspaper and although we expected to be allocated one of the rooms at the back we didn't really expect to be in a tiny, dingy and very tired room looking out into pipework at the back! The bed was hard and unforgiving and the green shower tray and loo was reminiscent of the 1970's. The door there didn't shut properly either. There was only enough tea and coffee for one cup each and one packet of small biscuits which fortunately had two biscuits to enjoy - one each!Fortunately we retain a very British sense of humour and as we had not come for a 'romantic' weekend we didn't face too much disappointment! Our plan was to walk through Bloomsbury to Covent Garden, Leicester Square and Soho..eat there and then go and see Jersey Boys (Excellent)! An easy stroll, great shops and very enjoyable. The hotel had a private function on and so the restaurant and bar were in the cellar that night. When we got back after the show we could see other guests were bothered by this as the Hotel had closed the bar down saying it was too quiet. Not the end of the world for us. Decent pubs within walking distance round corner.We felt some apprehension about breakfast but were pleasantly surprised by it being quite acceptable. Lots of tea and coffee and toast with the typical buffet breakfast.The staff fairly typical of London nowadays - few speak English and that makes it all so much more interesting.	
Apr 6 2009 	Excellent location - refurbished rooms are great	Stayed here for one night in a twin room. The hotel is currently undergoing a £10million refurbishment and is due to finish in June 2009. We were lucky enough to get a refurbished room and it was excellent. The hotel say that they are 95% completed but the reception and hotel bar/restaurant are still to be refurbished and a few of the rooms I expect. The rooms look nothing like the photos on Trip Advisor (candid traveller photos). They have lovely bed linnen, comfy beds, flat screen TVs, safe, iron/board, large head shower, medium to large bathroom with window, air con, tea and coffee, room service and Sky TV. We got the impression that this was heading more towards a 4 star in the future than a 3 star as it's rated at the moment. The location is excellent! 10 minutes walk from theatreland at the most and we walked late at night and felt safe. It only took us about 20 - 30 minutes to walk to the London Eye so this is an excellent hotel for seeing most of the sights in London. It's only a very short walk from Holborn underground. We got a taxi to the Natural History Museum and it cost around £12 - £15. Receptionists were very helpful and friendly but bar staff were a little tbit miserable. Breakfast was good, not excellent, but you have a choice of full English and Continental. I would stay here again if I could get it at a good rate and would recommend this hotel to friends who were visiting for a short break. If you stay here make sure you ask for a refurbished room.	
Jan 27 2009	Could and should do better!	Our staying at The Thistle Bloomsbury was as a consequence of The Thistle Trafalgar Square being over booked (a not uncommon occurrence according to other Thistle Hotel reviews). We were transferred by taxi that dropped us at the wrong hotel – not a great start. Very pleasant reception staff having to deal with a number of transferred guests that evening all suffering a sense of humour failure. The first room allocated was a twin. We had ordered a double and so we returned to reception and were allocated a room on what reception called the upgraded floor. It was very nice indeed and far better than the twin room which looked tired and in need of updating (I assume they are working their way through the building). Very quiet and about 15 minutes walk of the West End theatres. Sadly, breakfast at the Bloomsbury was a depressing affair. No one greeted us at the entrance and after some minutes we went and found someone. There were no clean tables despite only 5 or 6 of them being occupied (we arrived at 10.00am and service did not finish till 11.00am). The staff had clearly paid little attention to the hot buffet. Many items had run out and the offerings were pretty grim even by hot counter standards (where do they buy their sausages – inedible!). I would recommend you dodge the hot buffet completely if not for the fact that the ham on offer at the continental table was on the turn!....seriously, the food could not have been much worse. The dining room is dark, depressing and in dire need of redecoration. The sound of eighties pop classics being played through a flat screen TV at one end hardly improves the ambience. Had the cost of breakfast not been included in our stay I would have asked for a refund. Avoid it at all cost unless your rate is inclusive. In summary, a really lovely room in a hotel which is struggling to emerge from the late 1980’s. No doubt the dining facilities will follow in due course (kicking and screaming all the way!)	
Jan 26 2009 	Stay here ... if you like the 1980s British sitcom vibe...	Oh crikey, where do I start with the Thistle at Bloomsbury (or Kingsley as it is being re-branded). The hotel is a building site at the moment scaffolding and all - something that the hotel didn't bother to mention to my travel agent. Anyway, by the time I arrived it was too late to change so best make the most of it.....The reception staff were pleasant enough, though kind of pretending that the hotel was functioning normally and not a builing site which was a bit odd...As soon as I opened the bedroom door I laughed out loud. The decor has got to be nearly 30 years old - patterned wallpaper, borders, wooden ceiling fan, old trouser press, padded headboards. In short, a cross between Sybil and Basil's bedroom and Hyacinth Bucket's house. The bathroom was a vision in ivory and avocado. Asthetics aside, the bed was hard, the room was freezing cold, the TV tiny and with limited channels and the wifi was the external BT Openzone (i.e. v expensive).I'm guessing that things can only get better when this place is done up but in the meantime guests should be a) forewarned that the standard is very low and no befitting of the Thistle and b) get a greatly reduced rate.	
Dec 28 2008 	A hotel on the up	Having read the reviews about this hotel, I was naturally a little anxious about staying here for five nights on business, however, as it turned out, I needn't have been.Everyone [quite rightly] has different opinions of quality and service, what I want when I'm away from home on business is something that is clean, comfortable and in the right place. The Thistle met all of these requirements.I was in one of the newly refurbished rooms, which was very comfortable, although I agree with another reviewer that there should be more tea/coffee (and milk) in the rooms. I guess I could have asked for more... Cable TV would have been nice too, five days of only five channels was a bit hard to cope with.I was a little put off by the price of a pint in the hotel bar (£3.60), however, there is a fantastic proper pub just around the corner called The Plough which restored my faith that the British Pub is still alive and well in London.Bearing in mind the cost of the pint was the worst thing I can recall about my stay, you can hopefully appreciate that this hotel is probably better than these reviews make out and with the refurbishment, this is definately a hotel on the up.	
Dec 15 2008 	Love the new revamp	I had read good and bad reviews so really didn't know what to expect, i was just staying the one night as i was going to the theatre myself and my boyfriend, we found it really great location to all the west end. We checked in about 11 and they were really lovely at reception very helpful.The hotel is in the middle of a renovation but did not inconvenience us at all at all and we had one of the newly renovated room which was fabulous,everything you could want. What ever you you could imagin for breakfast it was there i really enjoyed our stay only sorry it wasn't longer.	
Oct 14 2008 	Fantastic Location	We booked this hotel for one night as we were in London to see a band. We got an excellent rate on Expedia including breakfast.The room was large by London standards and was clean. It had a plentiful supply of Toiletries and tea/coffee. It had a large comfortable bed and a large bathroom. Breakfast was nice and check in was simple and the staff were very helpful. This hotel is within walking distance of Covent Garden.We would definitely go back.	
Oct 13 2008 	Horrible!!	I stayed at this hotel last week for 2 nights and it was probably one of the worst hotels I've stayed in. At £198 a night I expected more than the dirty, out of date bedrooms, rip off room service and disgusting breakfasts. As well as the windows not opening in my bedroom, the heating being on full blast, the hair dryer not working and almost being scaled every time I turned a tap on in the bathroom. Awful. Do not stay here, there are far more nicer hotels in the area for the same price if not cheaper.	
Sep 22 2008 	Great location terrible rooms and customer service	I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights, booked through work, for a meeting. I was not put off by the refurbishment at all and thought the hotel was nice inside the lobby etc, very old fashioned feel but clean. My room was booked as a single and so i expected to get a small room which was not a problem, the room was very dark with only one very small dirty window and there were only 2 very poor lights which meant the room was pretty dark most of the time. However, i didnt find this too much of a problem either.Come the first morning i attempted to take a shower only to find there was no hot water in the room, even after running for 15 minutes it only got to lukewarm! I telephoned reception and explained that i had no hot water - the reply i was given was to 'run it for a bit'. I explained i had been running it and asked to move rooms- i was told no problem and to go to reception. When i arrived at reception i was told there was no alternative room available. I asked what i was supposed to do with no hot water and was told there was nothing they could do and try again later! I was amazed by this response in all honesty!To cut a long story short, i managed to get moved later that evening but the room i was moved to was falling to pieces to say the least and very dirty - but i did get hot water!The main problem for me here was the attitude to having no hot water that i received - i think when you are paying near £200 per night hot water shouldnt be an optional extra!	
Sep 3 2008 	Major Refurb in Progress but...	I stayed here for one night on a business trip. I was aware that it was being refurbished when I booked but the location was ideal for my purposes.The hotel is currently shrouded in scaffolding so I was glad I took a cab from the train station or I think I'd have missed it!The reception area is spacious and the reception staff were very friendly they also upgraded my room from a single to a family room so I would have more space - a very nice touch I thought.The room itself was very tired but it was clean and tidy, the bed was pretty comfortable, as were the pillows (yes more than 1!). Everything was where it should be and nothing was dirty or used.I ended up having dinner in the hotel it was very tasty but expensive for what it was and there are plenty of places near by to choose from.I can't say the room was overly quiet but considering its in the centre of London and on a reasonably busy road it wasn't too bad - I slept pretty well.Breakfast wasn't that good, I was a little disappointed, the coffee lacked guts and the buffet was poorly laid out, nothing was labelled. I didn't venture for a cooked breakfast but they looked stingy.Having said all that, I would probably use it again once the refurbishment is complete, its a great location and all the staff I came accross (other than the 2 concierge) were really lovely.If you accept the fact that it is being refurbished, and don't pay over £100 for a night, its a pretty good hotel by London stanadrds to my mind!	
Jul 17 2008	Good value for money	My wife &amp; I stayed at the hotel and rate it very highly. It is very convenient for central London, tubes &amp; buses. We walked around the corner and got a full english breakfast for GBP4.50 compared to the hotel price of GBP 14 so be wise in that area. The staff are friendly and helpful and coming from South Africa the concierge gave us good advice on tourist sites and bus services. Definitely recommend as good value for money	
Jul 4 2008 	Woefull	2 nights in this hotel recently.I'll cut to the chase.Problems1. The whole hotel is encapsulated in scafolding and plastic therefore the views are lets say &quot;restricted&quot; (Do they inform customers of this fact before they book??)2. No Aircon. 1 very noisy clicking fan overhead. So nighttime choices are a) Can I sleep with this noise if I leave it on or b) Can I sleep with the heat and humidity if I turn it off3. Flush the toilet - cistern lid pops up (nice touch)4. Cold water tap. Leave this running for 5 minutes to let the boiling water run off. It eventually reduces in temperature to merely hot. (and no the taps weren't plumbed up wrongly)5. Breakfast - colleague order sausages, eggs and bacon. After a 30 minute wait he got 1 small sausage, 1 very small rubbery egg and the smallest rasher of bacon I have ever seen served. (£15 thank you very much)Just not good enough I'm afraid.Avoid!	
Jun 12 2008 	good location but shabby	Stayed overnight with a colleague prior to a work meeting. The price for a twin room on the website of a well known supplier of last minute bookings was £180. I contacted the hotel and got it for £128. The room was clean but shabby. There was lots of peeling paint. The tiles in the bathroom and the lavatory itself were cracked. The lavatory also did not flush properly. on arrival in the room there was an overpowering smell of fruit scented cleaning product. It took several hours with teh window open for this to disperse. I asked for a room change and offered to pay extra for an upgrade but was told that the hotel was full.The beds were very comfortable and the bed lineen seemed new and very clean. the breakfast room was cool and airy and we thought the breafast was fine.I would have been very annoyed ahd I paid £180 for the room as I don't believe it is worth that. The location was very convenient . If I had to stay there again I would try and get a superior room.	
Jun 7 2008 	Fawlty Towers	If you're in London, don't go out of your way to find this place.I asked for a quiet room and was given 516 which was above a pub. Needless to say, it was a tad noisy to say the least The room looked as if it had been decorated by a child with patches of wallpaper dotted about the walls. The bathroom was dirty and didn't look as if it had been decorated since the hotel was built.Breakfast was the highlight with all tables laid out but no food to eat. When it came, it was basic and the staff offhand.I wont be going back	
May 16 2008 	Avoid at all costs - my first ever one star review	This hotel has the potential to be a wonderful establishment, but is sadly seriously lacking instead. My wife and I stayed for a theatre and food break for four nights this week and were disappointed on pretty much every level. The contrast between this hotel another Thistle we stayed at a couple of months ago couldn't be more marked.First of all, the positive part - the location is good - very near Tottenham Court Road/Oxford Street and handy for a couple of tube stations - If you want to spend significant time in the British museum, it is singularly close. Housekeeping staff were great - room was kept clean and they were very quick to exchange our pillows for thinner ones (we're used to thin pillows, so our necks suffer when we encounter very thick ones.)Now the difficulties. I'd like to emphasise that I accept that problems do occur as an everyday part of life, but how issues are dealt with affects my opinion of the overall customer experience. Feel free to check my other reviews - be assured, I am not a serial moaner.Reception and check in - Check in seemed needlessly prolonged and there seemed to be IT issues distracting the staff. When calling reception in relation to other issues I had the phone answered and then put down on me at least three times when I called from the room. This is not in keeping with a supposed blue chip experience.Room service was poor. Great difficulty placing the order, which then took 20 minutes longer than advised. When we uncovered the dishes, we discovered one of them was wrong and were told it would be replaced in 5 minutes. Not the case, this took another 25 minutes. We didn't repeat the experience. You may want to avoid the dining area on the basis of the very large damp area on the ceiling, perhaps caused by an overflowing bath? But certainly an eyesore you wouldn't expect in a reasonable hotel.On the subject of food, breakfast was well below average, especially given the price. Tables were badly laid out, meaning people were bumping into you through no fault of their own. Service was slow and confused, plus the food was far from great, we stopped bothering after 2 days and just ate out instead.The first serious problem we encountered was when my wife had the fold out ironing board collapse while she was ironing the first day we were there - the locking mechanism didn't work and the falling iron burnt her arm, thankfully not seriously. When she went to reception to report the defect and the burn on her arm (the phone at reception wasn't answered when we called) she was offered some ice to put on it, but the board wasn't fixed during our stay and no accident report was filled in.On a health and safety front, there were several areas of carpet in the corridors on our floor which had frayed and were trip hazards, worse still, the main stair carpet on the first two landing suffered the same problem. Nothing done in the time we were there to fix it - not even some electrical tape to cover the frayed areas.When the lights blew in the bathroom, we reported this and the bulbs were replaced while we were out. When replacing them, &quot;candle effect&quot; tungsten bulbs were used instead of spots, meaning they protruded from the mounts and the one above the bath/shower wasn't sealed, leaving a gap for steam to get into the ceiling space. When replacing the latter, the cover was broken and not replaced and my wife found shards of the old plastic cover for the remainder of our stay (using her feet - ouch.) It came as little surprise when the lights fused the following day, tripping out our corridor. The maintenance chap that responded was disgusted with the replacement his colleague had carried out and apologised, replacing the bulbs with the appropriate type later that day.The TV wasn't receiving several channels and the &quot;interactive&quot; functions such as view bill, set alarm call, teletext etc didn't work properly the whole time we were there. What's worse is that we were promised a fix every day, and it never came in 5 days. I suspect there is an endemic issue they simply can't address.You might regard these as minor problems if you're just going room only and spending most of your time out and about and just sleeping at the hotel. This brings me to another serious flaw. Most hotels these days have upvc double glazing rather than conventional sash windows. Not so here. I've lived with sash windows for c.35 years and know they needn't cause draughts or noise if they're well fitted and adjusted. Suffice to say that in order to get any sleep, we had to tear up a newspaper and spend 20 minutes stuffing paper into the gaps to stop them rattling. I can't imagine how bad the noise is if you're on the front (traffic exposed) side of the hotel to boot - we heard other residents complaining about the noise.A series of other little issues contributed to the bad experience. Hand driers not working in the lowest floor toilets, erratic wifi, main entrance door jamming, no-one staffing the bar at 5:30 pm, etc etc. The staff seem to be friendly, but poorly trained and managed, with a substandard infrastructure to maintain. Just too many minor little things an top of the other issues, especially given the price. This is the thing - you can expect rattles, quirks and foibles from an economy hotel, but this is far from a discount establishment. In all the reviews I have put up on tripadvisor, this is the first time I have felt the need to put in a one star review - the combination of the various issues and the price means I have to warn other tripadvisor users not to stay here.I find it ironic that the Thistle Trafalgar Square that we stayed at a couple of months ago is so much better for the same chain and price. In summary, unless you sleep very deeply and are going to the British Museum every day (which is a wonderful place incidentally) do yourself a favour and just don't stay here.	
May 5 2008 	great hotel	We stayed at the hotel as my partner and I were both out in London and didn't want to rush for the late train.The hotel was great and we would definately stay there again. We had previously stayed at a Thistle not so far away which was very average. This Thistle was very different and I could easily have stayed there for more than one night.The room was spacious, clean, plenty of towels and toiletries. The only complaint was that the bar closed early about 1am. We didn't have breakfast so can't comment.A great central pace to stay and I am very fussy about where I stay.Don't book via the hotel website look around for prices.	
Apr 1 2008	Really nice very friendly and helpful staff	After booking I read the reviews here on tripadvisor and got really worried. But we soon found out that there hadn´t been any need for worries. So if you too are worried about having booked this hotel, don´t be. I wonder if those very dissappointed people actually stayed at the same hotel...This is an good four star hotel in a fantastic location, close to shopping, theatres, restaurants and just about next door to The British Museum.There were five of us (three teenagers) staying in three different rooms and everyone was happy and satisfied. The rooms were spacious with really comfortable beds.The decor and furnishing may not be at your liking and a few things are a bit dated, but we found it rather charming and above all; everything was really clean, everything worked (loved the towel heaters) and the service was excellent. Breakfast was fresh with lots of things to choose from.We would definitly stay here again.	
Mar 13 2008 	great location	Booked hotel as part of a package including rail travel so didn't need to park a car. Would recommend the hotel based on location for theatres, shopping, museums and restaurants and probably short stays. The staff were very friendly and helpful, though I would suggest the hotel rating is a little dated along with the decor. The room was clean and tidy and deceptively spacious as it had a walk in wardrobe.	
Mar 4 2008 	Disappointed!!!!	We made the decision to stay at this hotel as it was convenient for the British Museum. We found the reception to be okay and the building very charming. Our room however was 'tired', someone had kicked in the bathroom door at some time and the door had been very poorly repaired. The heated towel rail was repaired with red masking tape leaving bare wires in the bathroom. The cleaners appear to use very poor quality vacuum cleaners as the room made my wife's eyes and chest irritated. The bed was comfortable and the room well appointed if somewhat shoddy. At one point a cleaner let herself into the room without knocking which could have been embarrasing!At breakfast we entered the dinning area and were shown to an uncleared table. Crockery and cutlery were taken from another uncleared table to set ours. No one took our order, I had to search out a member of staff who found english very difficult. Eventually our full english breakfast arrived and to say it was disgusting was to put it mildly. Disgarding this onto another table we approached the buffet which was completely devoid of food. So our breakfast consisted of toast and jam. The staff saw that we disgarded our breakfast but made no attempt to approach us in any way. We did not make any represention at the hotel due to the attitude of the staff and wanting to leave this place sooner rather than later. I can assure you that Thistle Hotel will not be first choice next time I visit London.	
Feb 29 2008 	Don't use this hotels recommended car park!	This hotel directs customers to the NCP on Museum Street if driving. DO NOT PARK HERE! Drug users live in the stairwell and there is no CCTV or staff at this location.We had our car broken into overnight and the hotel management couldn't care less. Basically this spoilt the weekend. Having spoken with the Metropolitan Police, they recommend Camden council run car parks. The nearest one is Bloomsbury square and is clean, secure and crime free. Also it's cheaper and only a 2 minute walk to the hotel.A costly weekend, dirty rooms and a car repair bill of £750, all because we followed the hotels notes on the website.Good location, but that's it.They are a poor advert for the Thistle group......Avoid.	
Feb 25 2008 	Adequate Hotel inGreat Location	The Thistle Bloomsbury is a pretty average hotel in a great location...close to shops, Theatres, Bars and Restaraunts.We booked as thee seperate parties and arriving early, two rooms were available and one was not. We dropped of opur luggage (sixth floor, mouldy stain on wall) and went out for the afternoon.When we came back, the third room in our party was allocated the Kingsley Suite....well, Interesting is the word to describe it...a combintaion between a seventies cop's pad and a chinese brothel!! Very, very interesting!!Nice staff..good breakfast...just a little old and tired is th real problem with this hotel...time for a refurb!!	
Jan 24 2008 	Nice Break	We stayed at the Thistle as part of a Theatre package. The accommodation was average, our room had poor secondary glazing and the original windows rattled in the wind. The staff were fine, location was great for theatres etc.I would use it again.	
Jan 22 2008 	British charm	We stayed for the second time at this hotel in January 2008 and it was even nicer than two years ago. The staff was very friendly and made it possible for us to check in early. It is true that the windows are a little old and single glazed, but the room was very well equipped and the furniture was fine (new beds!).The lobby, staircase and hallways have a delightful British charm and are so much different from the postmodern hotels you see all over the world.Above all, the location is ideal. You can walk to Soho, Covent Garden and Oxford Street, and of course have a stroll around Bloomsbury.	
Jan 19 2008	good choice	This a hotel of some character and the location is great; safe and within a stroll of theatres and British Museum. Room was great, staff freindly and breakfast cooked to order (not a semi cold buffet)Downside?Single glazing means road noise is an issue .. windows need upgradingBar is souless and even for London prices are steep with a poor choice.. go round corner to Museum Tavern a lovely old pub with 4 real ales and decent wine by glass	
Jan 1 2008 	Bad experience	Terrible experience during our holiday arrival at the reception.Arriving with two children after a long journey we did not feel welcomed at all. Rude and unpolite reception desk personel.Although rooms were available reception personel refused to give us the rooms according our booking. We were placed in the smallest room with the wrong beds. Both children became sick because the heater did not work and the window in bedroom and bathroom coild not be closed for three days. Our London trip during Christmas holiday was spoiled because of this bad experience. NEVER AGAIN. Prof.Dr.H.Baker, The Netherlands	
Dec 29 2007	Great Location -Close to Theatres	The rooms were okay, and overall our stay was fine, but the experience could have been better. When we arrived we had two twins instead of the double we requested, and they were unable to change our room that night. However, our two twins ended up being quite comfortable. There was a nice tea service setup in the room, but when we drank our allotted supply of tea on the first day it was never replenished. In fact, on at least one day they didn't even take our teacups to clean or replace them with fresh ones. The best thing about this hotel is the location. VERY close to tube stops, the British Museum, and the Theatres. We walked to see Spamalot on the first night, and to the wonderful Ivy restaurant the second night. While we only used the tube, we did notice that we were quite close to bus stops as well. Not bad for the price and location!	
Nov 14 2007 	Great location great staff	We recently stayed here for one night with a young baby and the staff could not have been more helpful.The hotel is really close to all of London's West End, meaning you can walk home and you don't need to use public transport.Reception and eating areas are clean and fucntional and the check -in and concierge staff were great.I used room service for dinner - it was prompt and friendly and reasonably priced.Only mild downside, rooms not huge (although I 'm not sure you can do too much about this in an old building like this) and need freshening but apparently this is due shortly.Also, main entrance is up a set of steep stairs.Not the cheapest by any means but you will really appercaite the locationWould come again	
Sep 28 2007 	Not bad at all	After the many poor reviews given to this hotel, Thistle Bloomsbury was really my last resort as London Hotels were totally packed during the period I was there, and I had to stay for 8 nights. Hence, my wife and I opened the hotel room door with much anticipation and dread --- but immediately heaved a huge sigh of relief. Room layout - We were left with a twin room (312). It was spacious and clean with ample wardrobe space. The design was &quot;English&quot; with curtains, wallpapers and a nice couch. The aircon was noisy so we did not switch it on much. We used the ceiling fan instead.Bed - Bad. The twins were small (even for us Asians) and you can actually feel the springs in the mattress i.e. not comfy.Toilet - Clean, well spaced out with shower gel, shampoo and nice clean towels (no toothbrushes, toothpaste and shaver). The bathtub had a plastic screen by the side to prevent water from splashing out and wet the toilet floors. There's a electric heated towel rack to dry your towels quickly. Others - We had kettle, iron and iron board, coffee / tea, safe inside the room.Meals - B'fast was standard English breakfast of eggs, mushrooms, toasts, ham, bacon, baked beans, cereals, pastries served with tea/ coffee. But it's the same everyday.Service - The front-desk was cordial but not exceptionally helpful. I tried for many days to change to a double, but they did not go their way out to go the extra mile for a customers staying for 8 nights! The restaurant staff are ok.Location - Not a lot of convenience stores around. The nearest tube is Holbon (3 mins walk) and Tottemham Court (6 mins walk). There's a bus-stop directly outside the hotel which is well served by buses coming in from central tourist areas. It's a 10 mins nice stroll to the theatre districts, and there's lots of restaurants and pubs serving cheap and good food for threatre goers (about 7-8 GBP for a 2 course). Lot's of bookshops along Tottenham Court - Charing Cross just less than 10 mins away. British Museum is directly behind the hotel. Oxford street (shopping) is also within walking distance. My verdict - I got corporate rate for the hotel, so it's worth it. Otherwise, it could be a tad expensive. Based on the feedback on this website, I also think that the quality of the rooms varies and it just happened that mine's pretty good. If it helps, its ROOM 312.	
Sep 18 2007	Basic hotel in a good location	The hotel is situated within a good 20 minute walking distance from Euston station, and is conveniently located between Holborn and Tottenham Court Road Tube station. We were upgraded to a deluxe room for free of charge. The room was clean and tidy, but a little small. I dread to think what size a normal room was. The bathroom was also a little small, the bath could be a little bigger and the toilet was located so closed to the bathroom door. We only had breakfast in the hotel. The service was a little patchy, more staff required a think. Overall, I give the hotel 6 out of 10. Good location, clean and tidy. Service from staff is a little patchy and needs improving.	
Jul 12 2007 	Not nice room	The public spaces in this hotel are very clean and generally well presented. However, my room on the 4th floor had clearly seen better days. It suffered from cracked tiles, flaking paint, curling up carpet, torn curtains, no lamp shades, and worst of all I thought grotty stained headboards on the beds.Additionally, when I checked in the reservation price I had been quoted (in writing) didn't include VAT.I didn't use the restaurant for dinner or breakfast - too put off by the room - there are plenty of restaurants of all varieties and prices nearby.	
Jul 3 2007 	Absolutely dreadful	Only stayed at this place for one night, and believe me, that was one night too many. Duck tape covering holes in the bedroom carpet, broken tiles in the bathroom, an ironing board that wouldn't stay up, musty smells in the wardrobe, and a beautiful view of a rusty old emergency stairwell and scaffolding.The only saving grace was a very nice breakfast in the morning. However, this wasn't enough to compensate for poor facilities and an overall feeling that the place is lacking investment.	
Jun 30 2007 	Staff at both ends of the spectrum could not get internet to work	My company booked this hotel for me as London was fully booked for Wimbledon.Checkin was very ordinary.Room was tucked away and in a corner which I really liked. Number one problem was I couldn't get my internet to work. They have a BT hotspot system but I couldn't get a signal anywhere. The reception told me no one else was having a problem. I use my WiFi all the time and I never have problems but I don't know if the problem was theirs or mine.Some of the staff I found just rude and then others were really friendly and helpful - on balance they were more good than bad. The bed I had was very old and lumpy - worst bed I've had in a while.Checkout is normally at 12:00 and as my flight was at 7.00pm I tried to get a late checkout for 3.00pm - the front desk was having none of it telling me I had to checkout at 12:00 - in the end I asked to speak to the manager and he said &quot;no problem with a 3.00pm checkout but we charge GBP20/hour&quot; - I don't mind paying the GBP20/hour so problem solved.Breakfast in the morning is pretty chaotic. Room service did not want to deliver breakfast as they advised me they were very busy.Average london hotel but they charged GBP188 without breakfast which was GBP15. Very expensive for what you get but thats London. I would use this hotel as a last resort but there are better hotels in London for the price	
Jun 14 2007 	Excellent London base	We spent an excellent girls weekend at the Thistle Bloomsbury. We had spent the same weekend here last year and this year was even better. We booked through --- (same as last year) which allowed us to reserve our rooms in advance at half the standard rate but not pay until the departure date, we were also able to cancel or change our rooms until 24 hours before our arrival, excellent!We had 4 twins and 1 single all on the same corridor, excellent condition, clean, spacious, light, these were much nicer than our rooms the previous year. I suspect that this floor (4th) may have been more recently refurbished than those we previously stayed in (2&amp;3). The breakfast buffet was good, nice fry up but limited choice of continental breakfast for those wanting cheese, ham and fruit. This hotel is an excellent base for tourists or anyone wanting to enjoy the entertainment in london. Bloomsbury is a nice area and is about 5 minutes walk from Covent Garden and a few minutes more to Leicester Square. Shaftsbury Theatre is even closer. Holburn tube is a few minutes walk so easy to get around London full stop.The staff are very friendly and helpful although only 1 of the 6 reception staff we encountered was english and although the other staffs english was good, we did loose a few things in translation. We had the same problem the previous year, if your booking, payment etc is straightforward you'll be fine and we got there in the end.I would definantly recommend this hotel for anyone wanting a good base in London. I wouldn't pay full price but london is expensive so this is an excellent hotel for the price I paid.	
May 13 2007 	Convenient 	Our room was fine, with sufficient space, windows that opened(!) &amp; nice set-up for making tea. Bathroom was tight, with a &quot;moody&quot; toilet. The hotel was very convenient: walking distance from the tube, with plenty of transportation &amp; restaurant choices. This was our first &quot;full English&quot; breakfast and it was terrific. The only hitch was getting coffee &amp; tea orders placed. The staff was helpful and friendly. This hotel made a good base for touring the city.	
Apr 25 2007 	A good visit for a family	We stayed here the weekend of 13th April, we were a little concerned after reading some reviews, but the whole weekend went really well. Staff were polite at all times, the best we have experienced in 4 star and 5 star hotels. The decor is traditional, but tidy. Our room was clean, everything worked!!! The bed was comfortable. We have two small children and they had decent single beds, feeling safe in the room and hotel. Although at the front, in a turreted room, on the first floor, the road noise was fine, we all slept well. Fresh milk was easily available and staff were so helpful!!The breakfast was extensive, fresh and well presented. One moan- the coffee was instant - not ground- a tiny isue corrected by Pret a manger! Definately stay here again and would recommend it for anyone with a family or going to a show!! Thank you Thistle Bloomsbury- super experience.	
Mar 31 2007 	Awful Hotel - Do Not Stay Here	The hotel gave us a disgusting, filthy room. The tiles in the bathroom were broken and the bed was literally hard as a rock. This is NOT a four star hotel - it is more like a one star hotel.Furthermore, the staff is incredibly rude and refused to help when we complained about the room. Save yourself money and a headache - do not stay at this hotel.	
Feb 24 2007 	Good size room for London	The hotel is very convenient. It has easy access to transport and feels safe at night. My room was a good size for a London hotel. The TV was up on the wall right at the end of the bed, which mad for uncomfortable viewing. The public areas of the hotel are clean and well presented.	
Jan 26 2007 	Great location average hotel	This hotel is in an excellent location for the British Museum and other major London sites, its also very convenient for public transport. The entrance lobby and bar areas are very nicely decorated. However, the rooms (the one I stayed in at least) are pretty dated and don't get much light, although they are clean and quite spacious. The breakfast was good but somewhat overpriced.	
Jan 10 2007	Very Good Underrated Overbashed Hotel!	I was a member of a school band trip to London for the New Year's parade and enjoyed the stay very much. What I first noticed was the hotel's great location near many attractions. Second, the front desk staff was very accommodating when dealing with issues regarding rooms or room assignments. The rooms were ready for all of us 5 1/2 hours before what is the regular check-in time! The room I stayed in had a very well kept and clean bathroom as well as an odd-sounding but perfectly working air-conditioner that got my roommate and I's room warmer or cooler whenever we needed it to do so. The elevator's worked well and appeared to be newly renovated or at least very new. The only negatives to the stay was the inability to get a wake up call at the time asked for and the rooms all smelled slightly smoky, but so do many other establishments in central London. Overall, the band and I's six night experience in the Thistle Bloomsbury was very positive and I would not hesitate to stay here again on a future visit!	
Jan 8 2007 	Fairly nice hotel good for first time in London	I stayed at this hotel this past August 2006 during my first time in London. Starting with the location, its great since its walking distance to alot of attractions and tube stations. Places like British Museum, Oxford Street, Soho, Covent Garden, theatre district and several restaurants and shops. Must be mentioned the 'easy cafe' which is good price for internet access on Tottenham Court Road. Also near tube stations like Holborn and Tottenham Court Road.Rooms are basic and European style. I was travelling with my sister at the time, there were 2 twin beds and good size for 2 people. Bathrooms were okay but seemed they needed refinishing, like tiles and lighting. Most importantly were spotless and clean. But one thing though, the toilet needed alot of energy to flush. Maybe since the toilets in England don't waste as much water, as I'm used to in North America. So I guess that was a good thing.One thing I enjoyed was the included buffet breakfast at the hotel. Food was good when you arrive early, at around 7:00-8:00 am. But usually the standard breakfast fare, sausages, eggs, beans, tomatoes etc. It can be tiring but well worth it for a long day of touring as you don't have to eat for a while.The only issue I had with the hotel, was that the second day our door wouldn't lock. The hotel staff were glad to change us to another room and even deducted phone charges because of the inconvenience. But with the room we were moved too, location was terrible. Since it was the 1st floor and facing the street. Looking out the window you can see people on the double decker buses closely and was extremely noisy during the evenings due to the nearby pub.Overall, a good stay at the Thistle Bloomsbury especially since it was my first time in London. I definitly recommend it for first timers travelling there.	
Jan 5 2007 	Tiny overpriced room	I stayed overnight here as I was on a two-day training couse. The location was very convenient, and on first impressions, the hotel looked impressive, with a nice reception area and lounge. Check-in was a breeze, but when I eventually located my single room down a rabbit warren of a corridor, I was shocked at how much they were charging given the size of the room. There was barely room to turn around, and when the room service I ordered arrived, it was awkward for the waiter to get past me into the room so he could set the tray down.My food was ok, but the burger I ordered was slightly underdone in the middle, and the whole thing smelt a bit of stale fat (seems to be a theme in Thistle hotels - see my review of the Thistle Barbican!). The cheesecake made up for it though...Once the food was out of the way, I settled down on a comfy bed and read complimentary newspapers and watched TV. The room was comfortable and nicely furnished, if a bit chintzy. However, I was woken up several times in the night, partly by strange noises from water pipes, and partly by rowdy people in the street behind the hotel (admittedly not the hotel's fault!).I didn't have breakfast at the hotel the next morning, so can't comment on that. Overall, not a bad stay, but expensive for what you get. Much better than the Thistle Barbican though!	
Jan 4 2007 	the horror of it all	I have worked 17 countries as an attorney, and Thistle Bloomsbury was a truly unique experience.Booked through a hotel agency in a train station, was put into a room where... i kid you not... the ceiling was falling down. It was water stained and pieces of it fell into the corner of the room where the chair was. When questioned, the manager advised me that &quot;there are many rooms in the hotel and management doesn't have a chance to check them all&quot;. Translating this into American, this would mean that in the couple of weeks it takes for water damaged ceilings to dry and start falling in, no one in management saw the hotel room. Sad really.This was the SECOND try, the first try was being sent to a room in the actual basement, no elevator, nothing, just a steep flight of stairs into the basement with a suitcase. Makes you want to weep.Dirty scuffed walls, peeling wallpaper covering, some kind of permanent stain on the rug. Some sense of despair at being trapped there. After advising the front desk of the falling plaster, I DID get (at my suggestion) upgraded to a better room. Not saying this lightly, but the worst hotel I have encountered anywhere in the European Union.If you MUST try the Thistle experience, the one near the train station (Charing Cross?, don't remember) was far less depressing.Paul. telcohr@mail.ru	
Dec 21 2006 	Loved this hotel	Stayed at this hotel last weekend and loved it. Great location, the staff were very friendly and helpful. Our room was fine - Room 527. The porter, in particular, was absolutely brilliant - great sense of humour - and believe me this is hard - I've worked on Reception in a hotel - and very, very helpful. The bar staff also were great and a good laugh. We ate in the hotel restaurant the first night and the meal was one of the best I've had in a hotel - great price and the wine was fab too. Will definitely be back.	
Dec 8 2006 	I didn't think it was that bad...	I got a great deal to stay here for 2 nights via Priceline. Admittedly, I did not spend much time in the hotel or my room. The staff were accomodating and let me check in a little bit early. My room was adequate in size. I spent most of my day out exploring and only really returned home to sleep/shower/change, so it suited my purposes fine. The location was great as it was not too far from the Underground. For the price, I thought it was great value.	
Nov 29 2006 	My Low Expectations were Confirmed	This is the first hotel I ever booked on Priceline, and I feel I was duped. When Priceline confirmed the reservation with the hotel name my heart sank. (I had read previous reviews about this hotel.) There was nothing I could do about the reservation, but hope for the best.Before leaving the U.S., I sent e-mails and followed up with faxes to the hotel front desk staff with legitimate questions, and no one ever responded. I couldn't get a re-confirmation for our room reservation prior to departure.The Thistle Bloomsbury Hotel is located on Bloomsbury Way, and there is a bus stop directly in front of the hotel. Bus #38 runs from Victoria Station to the hotel for GBP1.50.The room assigned to us was on the fourth floor with no view, just the scaffolding on a neighboring church. It was clean with two twin beds having lumpy mattresses. The white down comforters and sheets were spotless and soft with mushy bed pillows and no extra pillows in the armoire.I felt like it was 1945: There are two original separate hot and cold faucets in the bathroom sink. You have to swing your cupped hands back-and-forth to mix the hot and cold water! Aggravating to say the least. We had brought an electrical converter and adapter, but my husband's electric shaver wouldn't work in the one and only wall socket. A maintenance man tried to get the shaver to work, but to no avail. (He was in our room because the in-room safe was broken and he replaced it with one in working order.) The water pressure was excellent in the shower, and there is a &quot;tepid &quot;chrome water heater unit where towels are placed. Breakfast was not included in the our room rate of $148.The room was quiet at night, and we did not hear any other hotel guests. Each floor has a &quot;lobby&quot; where the staircase and elevators (2) are located. Off the lobby, you pass through a door with 1/2 glass (so you can see oncoming traffic), which again leads you to more 1/2 glass interior doors depending upon your room number. These doors may be a factor in keeping the noise level down.This hotel is located next to a church, which was undergoing an exterior cleaning (power washing), and went on all day until about 5:00 p.m. (We would stop back at the hotel during the day so we assumed the power washing noise may have been constant.)The decor is long past its prime - I believe it is Victorian. This may have been a grand hotel at one point in time. However, its location was excellent for visiting the British Museum, which is around the corner.The Holborn Tube Station is the closest station to this hotel, and it is about a 5-7 minute brisk walk - not that convenient.This may have been a grand hotel in the past, but they should drop the moniker of a 4-star hotel. The very best part of our stay at the hotel was the concierge, Salvatore. He is a class act, and he did, in fact, compensate for the hotel's shortcomings. Unfortunately, he's retiring in December, 2006.We do not recommend this hotel.	
Nov 20 2006 	Far from the 4-star experience advertised	I'd heard great things about the Thistle chain from friends, so was looking forward to staying in a glamorous 4-star rated hotel while I was in town to see a show. Just as the review said, the location was pretty good for the theatre, it was only a fifteen minute walk so saved us having to get a cab after the show. Unfortunately, the stay itself left something to be desired. First, while I was checking in they put me in a single room even though I specified a double, and when I went down to change rooms the clerk acted like it was a big inconvenience. Once we got into the correct room it was certainly a long way from four stars. It was a decent size and relatively clean and tidy, except for the toilet seat in the bathroom was broken off. There was no view, no cable, no frills. All in all it was motel-standard, which ordinarily I wouldn't complain about, but was well disappointed because it was billed as luxury. The hotel either needs to drop the attitude and lower prices, or have a serious overhaul to justify the rating.	
Oct 9 2006 	Do Not Stay Here - Would not recommend to Anyone	We picked the hotel out of the QANTAS Holiday book. Talk about FALSE ADVERTISING. The room looked NOTHING like the brochure. It was supposed to be ranked 3 stars - more like one. The musty smell started when you left the small lift. The smell of room 304 was disgusting. The room was small , dark, smelt musty and mouldy. All the fittings were shabby from the bedspread to the carpet. The bathroom was tiny and not well lit (to hide the mismatched tiles).  The hotel room was next to a bar which played loud music until 2-2.30am. The cleaners came in at 6am and cranked up the music. So you won't get any sleepThe windows wouldnt close so the noise of the music (and the drunks at closing time) came through - it was like sleeping in the street.When I went to complain, the lift doors opened and there were empty pint glasses in the lift - leftovers from the bar I suppose. We were booked for 7 nights and only stayed ONE. We checked out and found another hotel across the road (ironically ranked 2 stars) and it was much better.The staff were unhelpful and suggested we should have complained to the bar directly!!! and didnt offer any alternate rooms. I couldn't wait till breakfast to check out!!!!!!!!!!!. Certainly tainted my first visit to London. Luckily it got better once we checked out!!I wouldn't let my mother - in - law stay there.	
Sep 28 2006 	Decent Hotel for a Decent Price	We booked this room via a priceline bid. Stayed for 5 nights. Basically, you get what you pay for. When we checked in, we asked where the internet terminal was located and were told there wasn't one. I later found this on my own. After a 2a.m. check-in, we received wake up calls at 6:30a.m. and 6:35 a.m. Neither were requested. The rooms are clean, but did smell similar to urine at times. Definitely ask for a &quot;quiet room.&quot; We wish we had. The street outside is incredibly noisy; heavy traffic and people were singing and shouting throughout night. Day concierge was incredibly helpful and professional. Evening concierge was the exact opposite. You're better off finding things on your own than asking the evening conciergeMany restaurants nearby close early, but we found 2 that were open later that are worth mentioning. We had an excellent Greek dinner at Konaki and equally enjoyed an Indian dinner at the Chambeli. Highly recommend both. Overall, I would recommend this hotel if you aren't looking for any frills. Definitely not a 4 star hotel (compared to US standards), but one of the better deals in London. Rooms are clean and most staff are very polite and helpful. Felt safe in hotel and surrounding area.	
Sep 12 2006 	Well they offered us cosy rooms....	I’ve often read reviews on Trip Advisor and thought ‘don’t be so fussy’ or ‘worse things happen’. I now realise how lucky I have been, the truth is I’ve done a lot of travelling and had very few things to complain about….then came my stay at the Thistle Bloomsbury….The customer care at the Thistle Bloomsbury is dreadful. I was particularly disappointed as I booked the stay in London for my birthday; my husband and father had a dinner to go to and my mother and I had booked theatre tickets.We arrived at the hotel at 3pm and were greeted (reluctantly) by a gentleman on reception. He advised me that our rooms were “not yet ready so could we please wait”. After waiting fifteen minutes with no offer of refreshments, I once again queued at reception. This time I spoke to a young woman behind the desk. I explained that as we had not yet eaten lunch and it was now nearly 3.30pm we would like to check in, leave our luggage at reception and go out for the afternoon. I duly went through the check-in procedure, had our bags tagged and left for the afternoon.We all arrived back at 6pm when I was again greeted by the same gentlemen on reception, he mumbled that I needed to speak to somebody else and asked me to wait. Another fifteen minutes passed and there was still no sign of anybody. Eventually, the duty manager turned up and she told me they had experienced a ‘booking error’ on their system. This basically meant they only had single rooms available. This was in itself a disappointment but not a disaster, at least we all had a bed for the night – or so I thought! It transpired we were expected to share single beds! Two single beds for four adults. My husband is over 6Ft, there is no way we would have slept a wink. We were not even to receive a reduction in the room rate, I was told we would be given a discount on our next stay!!!!!! By this time, it was gone 6:30pm and my mother and I had less than an hour to get showered and changed and travel to the theatre. I asked the duty manager if she could book us another room at an alternative Thistle hotel as the single beds were not acceptable. I patiently explained that we were running out of time and that we needed to at least shower for our evening out. She offered us a hotel near Euston station which would have been fine at 3pm but at gone 6:30pm we did not have enough time to get there, get changed and get back to Covent Garden for the theatre. We were told if we insisted on staying at another hotel we could not use the facilities at the Thistle Bloomsbury. We only wanted a quick shower! After battling with the duty manager for another ten minutes she finally relented and allowed my mother and I to get showered in one of the single rooms. My husband and father sorted out our luggage and checked us into our alternative hotel.The actual result was okay; we stayed in a nice hotel near Charing Cross. The real problem was that I really had to fight for what I had already paid for. If we had been told at 3pm of the error, instead of been ‘checked in’, we would have had plenty of time to make alternative arrangements and this would have been perfectly understandable, mistakes do happen. It was the lack of communication that was so frustrating! Even if when we had arrived at 6pm the hotel had immediately called a taxi for us, and taken us to the alternative accommodation, this too would have been ok. What was not acceptable was the waiting around, the haggling and the suggestion that four adults should be happy to pay nearly £200 to share two single beds. I would not book a room here again simply because there is a complete lack of customer care.	
Aug 14 2006 	Like staying at Grandma's House	We stayed here saturday night, it's was really nice. Nothing like the Ritz. Our room was 215, a narrow room, probably 10ft x18ft. Had the wallpaper, floral comfortor and rufffled pillow atmosphere. Bed was smaller than what I'm used to but it was cozy with a down comfortor on it. nice vanity desk area and decent TV (although no news channels on it.) Bathroom was great and up to date fixtures, towel warmer, hair dryer and all the fixings. Reception was super nice and very helpful with the neighborhood. The Holborn tube is a 10 minute walk, the neighboorhood is very nice. Overall I liked my last night in London (Heathrow the next day was a different story!)	
Jun 30 2006	Charming older hotel in great location	Two of us stayed here for 2 nights June 25-27, and overall were quite satisfied with the hotel. Bid through Priceline and paid $110+tax per night, which came to about $134 total.Best points:LocationFriendly, efficient staffMinuses:Rooms on the smaller sideRooms might not be equipped with all 4-star amenitiesWe arrived around 11am and tried to see if we could check in, but weren't surprised to be told that we'd have to wait till 2pm. We were able to leave our bags with the concierge, and when we came back around 5pm, a room was ready for us. Priceline had only guaranteed a room with two twin beds, and that was what the hotel had told me we had when I called them after winning my Priceline bid, but when we showed up, they told us we had a &quot;Double Deluxe.&quot; The first room we were given was, mistakenly, a twin room, but as soon as I went back down to the desk, we were given a double with no problem. I got no Priceline attitude from anyone, and all the staff (3 desk staff and 2 concierges) I dealt with were friendly and helpful. Check-in and check-out were a breeze, and they also had no problem with us leaving a bag with them for one more night after we'd already checked out. However, since the reception desk is small, and I only ever saw one person working there at a time, I can imagine that when it is busier, there could be a wait.Room was small by U.S. standards, but not terribly cramped. There was a small loveseat as well as a desk and chair. The window had a very wide sill, so we put one suitcase there, and another on the floor in front of the closet. Bathroom was older and not completely without evidence of that, so I can imagine some U.S. customers being displeased, but it was fine for me. The bathtub was deep enough to take a nice bath, although the shower worked in an odd way that took me a few moments to figure out. (In order to adjust the temperature, you had to adjust the bathtub faucets; to make the shower hotter, you turned on the cold water bathtub faucet to divert the cold water away!) Air-conditioning worked very well, although it was on the noisier side.The television was small, probably only a 13-inch screen, and had only a few stations (probably the 5 terrestrial ones), but we weren't in London to watch tv so I didn't really care. There was no clock at all, but this was true of all the three hotels we stayed in in England. Internet available in the room if you had a laptop, but we made use of the BT pay Internet machine in the lobby instead (1 pound for every 15 minutes, although if you go out in the world, you can find Internet cafe where 1 pound buys 1 or even 2 hours of time.) There was supposedly a way to set the tv as an alarm, but we never needed to make use of it. (You could also get a wake-up call if you asked.) There was an iron and a (fairly old) built-in hair-dryer. No mini-bar in our room, but not a big deal for us.Bed was firm and quite comfortable, but not being used to sleeping without a topsheet (European custom is a comforter only), I was hot the first night (we turned up the AC the second night). Pillows are also quite flat (another thing that seemed common in England), so be sure to request extra pillows if you need them. Room was very quiet both nights.As others have commented, this is an older hotel. The outside of it could do with a good cleaning (brick looks grimey), and parts of the common areas have a faded feel with respect to the condition of the carpet etc., although during our second day, they were replacing parts of the stairway carpet. However, it also has a certain charm -- there's a nicely furnished sitting area around the reception desk, and the stairway has chandelier-type lights.Location was really convenient. We were 5 minutes walk or less from the Holborn tube station on the Picadilly (blue) line (which is the line that goes to Heathrow Airport) as well as the Tottenham Court Road tube station on the Central (red) line. The hotel is a very easy walk to the heart of Soho, as well as being blocks away from the British Museum.All in all, I think it was a good deal for what we paid during one of the busiest times in London (first week of Wimbledon), even though it was admittedly on the lower side of the 4-star range. We came back to London after one night away, and got the Cumberland Marble Arch, which was superb; I think if we'd stayed at the Cumberland Hotel first and then came to the Thistle Bloomsbury, we would've have been let down, but as the first hotel we experienced in London, we were very pleased.	
May 26 2006	Charles Dickens slept here	No, Charles didn't sleep here, but I think the Thistle Hotel group might have inherited his mattress for use in room 223, given its advanced age and lumpiness. Overall though, the Thistle is a clean, secure, convenient pied-a-terre for your time in London. Yes, it's probably due for a renovation, but if you can get past the dirty facade (nothing a good sandblasting wouldn't solve) and the odd patch of duct-tape on the hallway carpets, we feel it was very good value for the price paid. It was part of a package deal, so it's hard to say exactly what we paid for the Thistle Bloomsbury, but it probably worked out to about $150 per room per night. This represents excellent value, based on our previous experience with London Hotels.Our room, bathroom and walk-in closet (!) were spacious by English hotel standards, and featured conveniences such as daily newspapers, coffee, tea and cookies, iron and trouser press, safe, even a heated towel rack. The room was kept scrupulously clean and well presented by the cheerful maid service. The rest of the staff don't exactly radiate warmth or charm, but were unfailingly polite and efficient.The entertainnment options aren't much by North American standards (five TV channels plus radio alarm) but when you have the whole city of London, (and the West End!) at your doorstep, this is the last thing to worry about. It's a five minute walk to Leicester Square, and an even shorter walk to the nearest tube station.Our rate included a daily hot breakfast in the lobby restaurant. This consisted of a decent range of hot and cold breakfast items, served buffet style, and was a great start to a long day of sightseeing. The choices don't vary much from day to day, but the food was always hot, plentiful and of decent quality... and at London restaurant prices, this is a significant saving on eating breakfast out. We ate a big breakfast at 7am, and seldom felt the need to eat for another six hours!I was going to rate this hotel a &quot;neutral&quot; but after considering the value we received for the price we paid, I have to bump it up a notch to &quot;above average&quot;. If we were travelling at peak season rates, or paying the rack rate, I might be a little less enthusiastic.So, once the people at Thistle Hotels have spent a few pounds in sprucing up the property and replaced that saggy old mattress, we'll be back!	
May 17 2006	Very nice older hotel	This is a very nice older hotel. Yes, it could benefit from an update but it´s generally in fine condition. You can tell this was formerly an elegant hotel and it stills retains a sense of that. It is the nicest hotel I have stayed at in London for under $140/night so far. The rooms are very large by London standards (which would still be a bit smaller than an American first time visitor would likely expect) and my room (225) even had a walk in closet. The room and public areas were very clean. There were no mechanical problems at all during my stay.They have a very reasonably priced room service menu and you can have breakfast brought to your room for an add´l 3 pound fee (assuming it is already included in your rate, not all rates include this). The breakfast buffet in the restaurant was plentiful and very good. I found the staff to be very friendly and helpful and they arranged a babysitter for me on short notice. The hotel is in a great location near the British Museum and shopping streets. The only downside for me was that the front lobby is not stroller accessible as you must go up a short set of steps. Hotel staff were always helpful in any case.	
May 5 2006 	Great location poor hotel!	The only good thing about this hotel was its location - right near Oxford St and conveniently placed for the theatres. Other than that, this hotel has nothing going for it! I only stayed for one night but it was enough to put me off ever returning. My single room was dark, dusty (you could see big clumps of it sticking to the walls) and extremely shabby. It had ripped wallpaper hanging off the walls, mysterious marks all over the ceiling and tired, 1970s style furnishing. The view was of the back of the hotel - terrible - lots of industrial type fans etc and the curtains were grey with pollution I presume.I specifically asked for a wake-up call when I checked in but this never occurred and my breakfast was a huge disappointment and late (I ordered room service) - it had obviously been sitting somewhere out in the kitchen for a long while before they brought it up as the youghurt and juice had a thick 'skin' floating on top. The fruit salad was warm and straight out of a tin, and hot chocolate cold. I could barely touch it and at such an expensive price, I expected MUCH better.A huge let-down, avoid at all costs!!	
Apr 29 2006	Clean 	When I first read the reviews posted here about the Thistle Bloomsbury I was alarmed and tried to cancell the reservations but I got them thru Priceline and could not. I was pleasantly surprised. Rooms were clean, towels fluffy, bedding clean and very comfy. Staff was great. Called for ice a few times they weere there in minutes! Nice little bar, but we did not eat in the retaurant but ordered room service once and it was tasty. Its a little shabby in the public rooms and not American 4 star. No view and the windows were a bit dingy but it was quiet and the location was beyond reproach. Around the corner from everything, restaurants, cafes, pubs, Covent Garden, Britsh Museum, West End. We were delighted that it was not in the more busy touristy area like Marble Arch. I got a great deal $90 a night and Bloomsbury is so covenient! Bus at doorstep (literally) a short ride to Harrods, Knightsbrige, Hyde Park Kensington, the tube was a short walk, but we prefered to get an all day bus pas for about $6.50 and hop on &amp; off. It is near all the cool stuff, the Tower, Westminster, Big Ben, Parliament etc. yet it was distinclty quieter for strolling to Russel Square etc. and we never left a 4 block radius for dining and Pubs it was a lovely safe area with beautiful Edwardian buildings. The Lobby was cozy, not grand, fireplace was lit and you could get coffee service. They also had an inexpensive internet access machine there. Staff was excellent. Be warned London is expensive. We would go back again in a heartbeat. Note: they say they have coffee makers its only a pot that heats boiling water. But they supply assorted teas, coffees, sugar, biscuits etc. in each room. Also there is an iron and ironing board in each room. They supply citrus scented toiletries, shampoos etc and nice bar soap. Each bathroom has a decent wall mounted hair dryer.	
Apr 3 2006	A good deal!	All in all a good hotel that we got at a very reasonable rate. Helpful staff that changed our errorly booked twin room to a normal double room without hesitating. The room was spacious, the shower and bath just fine. It's not really what one might call a modern design, but it was really cosy and clean. Shortly: There was absolutely nothing to complain.	
Mar 23 2006	Great deal for the price	If you aren't expecting a 5 star hotel, you won't be disappointed. The location alone makes it worthwhile. The hotel could use some work, especially in the hallways. The room we stayed in was good sized (by European standards), clean and comfortable. The staff was very helpful, and when we had a problem with the room’s TV it was fixed immediately. We didn’t have breakfast included in our deal so we didn’t eat there, but there were plenty of nearby cafes and coffee shops that were very reasonably priced. Overall, a good experience and I would stay there again.	
Dec 26 2005	Terrible	There are other hotels in this price range that are much better. I was told it is a four star but it is not like any four star I have stayed in the UK. The room was overlooking a major road, with some 'stuck on' bits of double glazing that offered no noise prevention.Bathroom in desparate need of repair - bathroom panel rotted in places and patches on the ceiling.Cleanliness a real problem - headboards were filthy and there was a crushed biscuit behind the door from the last occupant.I do not want visitors to the UK to think this is the usual standard of hotel.Just so you know we had a standard room, not executive. Perhaps these have been decorated and cleaned?	
Dec 13 2005	Great location...and that's about it	If you are looking for a spacious room right near the theater district for a very reasonable price, Thistle Bloomsbury is for you. If those are the only things you care about, read no further.If you care about things like having a working toilet or a hotel that looks like it has been updated since WW2, this is probably not the right place for you. One particularly comical scene was when my wife started screaming because the side of the tub fell off to reveal a never-never land of dusty and soot-covered pipes. It was a learning experience for me as I was unaware up to that point that tubs were ever manufactured in anything but one piece. I had to laugh- although in throwing my head back to laugh I unfortunately saw the crumbling ceiling above which I was sure would fall on me everytime I was at the sink. We reported our tub calamity to the front desk before we went out for the evening and to no one's surprise, they did nothing about it. Other problems included being charged 50 pounds for breakfast that we didnt eat and the on demand movies not working. Still, at least we got some funny stories out of it. Recommended for: cheap accomodation in the heart of LondonNot recommended for: honeymooners, people without a sense of humor, people who demand top-notch service and posh surroundings.	
Nov 26 2005	Very Tired	Not a happy Bunny.I stayed 1 Night with my daughter.Room not ready at 1300hrs.This is a very typical chain hotelThe room we had been circa 1975.Only one lift was working during our stay.And the room we had (421) is in very much need of a make over.The windows were so dirty it was pointless looking out of them.The shower didn’t work.The TV welcome message was unreadable due to the TV not being turned in.The carpets on the landing outside our room had been repaired with GAFFER tape.The staff where very pleasant and I feel working against the odds with the building in the state it was in.Please Thistle I am sure you can do better than this.I will give the Bloomsbury a miss next time	
Nov 13 2005 	Other hotels are available...	This is an old hotel, which is greatly in need of renovation due to an unacceptable amount of wear and tear for a 4* property. We had no hot or cold running water for over 1 hour on Saturday morning due to &quot;the hotel being fully occupied and a lot of people taking showers at the same time&quot; (according to a message on the TV screen - barely legible, as it was not tuned in properly). When water was available, the temperature of the shower swung from freezing to scalding without warning. We experienced poor service at the front desk both checking in and out (it took 20 minutes for the receptionist to come up with the correct bill). Two strangers (hotel staff) walked into our room without knocking on separate occasions. Quite probably there is a greater atmosphere on the moon than in the hotel bar (poor service here, too). The only positive point was the hotel’s location just off Oxford Street. However, there are other hotels in the area with just as good a location, so there’s not really that much going for it.	
Jun 27 2005	Really good value for money	Stayed at the hotel for 1 night and was pleased with the room allocated. The beds were really comfortable, with crisp clean linen and soft clean towels for the bathroom. The room also had an iron and ironing board which is a plus. The breakfast was one of the better ones I have experienced in London and the staff we very friendly and helpful. The hotel is in a great location, short stroll to the nearest tube and Oxford Street. I agree with some of the reviews who commented that hotel could benefit from a little redecoration, but for a London hotel it was more than adequate. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for good value for money.	
Apr 4 2005	Fair value for money	We spent 2 nights with 2 adults and 2 kids in 2 rooms from April 1st to 3rd 2005. We booked through londowntown and paid a rate of 97 pound something per room and night incl. breakfast.The hotel is located conveniently near Covent Garden/Soho/Brithis Museum. Bloomsbury Way has lots of traffic however our rooms were oriented to a back yard (ugly) and pretty quiet. I don't think any of the rooms facing the street are in use, the windows there are covered with grime and look like they haven't been opened or cleaned for years.The hotel itself is okay - especially for the price we paid - , however any prejudices you might have had about english grubbyness are confirmed. In general the hotel lacks from attention to detail. Carpets are threadbare in places (bar, stairwell), laid out in a very unprofessional manner (simply cut out with strands of threads showing at the edges) - signposts have missing numbers and letters (e.g. &quot;this is a non .mokin. .loo.&quot;), some doors are squeaky. The carpets all around the hotel are in dire need of vacuuming. Generations of dust have formed in the edges along the corridors as well as the rooms. Behind the bathroom door you could find the inevitable fluff with some curly hairs. The mattress was quite new but too soft for my esteem.With the right processes and a little effort the problems could be fixed easily - there is plenty of staff around that could do the job if someone told them to.The staff especially in the restaurant and the concerge were helpful and attentive.Had I paid the official rate of 250 pounds per night, I would have raised hell - however since we had an excellent rate for London standards we were content with the price / performance ratio. What our kids liked most was the electronic elevator voice announcing &quot;doors closing&quot; etc. in a perfect Oxford English that could have been sampled from the Queen's parliament opening speech .	
Mar 21 2005	Lovely Hotel Fab Staff Perfect Location	We stayed at this hotel for three nights from 17th March and we were very impressed with it. We agree with some of the reviews that indicate that this is a very good three star hotel, as opposed to a four star, and the hotel is in some need of redecoration, but our room was lovely (even though it was on the mezzanine floor and had very little natural light - perfect for me who gets disturbed by light flooding through windows at 5am!!!!) and very clean and tidy, with one of the most comfortable beds I've ever slept on - my own bed at home included!!! The breakfast selection was very good, although there appeared to be capacity problems on the sunday morning, but this didn't spoil our weekend. The hotel is perfectly situated if you are planning a vist to the theatre, and specifically &quot;The woman in White&quot; which is about 5 mins walk away. Leicester Square, Piccadilly and Covent Garden are all within 10-15 mins walk away, and Oxford Street is just round the corner.All in all, we had a lovely break and would recommend this hotel wholeheartedly.	
Mar 9 2005	Would definitely stay there again	I stayed at the Thistle Bloomsbury for 4 nights in mid-February. My room was a double executive, and I felt it was quite a good size for central London. The ensuite bathroom was enormous and immaculate - its only problem was a rather noisy power shower. The room was also clean and tidy other than a few smudge marks on the ceiling near the ceiling fan. Perhaps it was due to the fact it was off-season, but the only noise I heard from outside my room was the occasional slam of a door from other guest rooms.I had no troubles communicating with the staff and found them to be very helpful in arranging for an early-morning taxi. The dinner service in the restaurant was quite slow but otherwise pleasant; I did not take breakfast in the hotel restaurant so cannot comment on that service.The location of this hotel was extremely convenient - a few blocks from the Holborn tube station on the Central &amp; Piccadilly lines, on a bus route from Oxford Street (with a stop just before the hotel), walking distance from Covent Garden and the British Museum.Based on my overall experience, I would choose to stay at the Thistle Bloomsbury again, especially if I could match the great off-season rate I was able to get.	
Mar 8 2005	Great location great bathroom great Bed	From the reviews that I read here, I was leary, but this place was great! We had a great price on the room, though the cabbie overcharged us getting from the airport to the hotel. The bed was wonderful and the bathroom was quite large. Being from America and expecting things to be open until 4 in the morning, it was nice to be able to stay up late at the bar downstairs in the lobby and to order room service after, say 11 pm. Again, I had received mixed reviews on staying in Soho, but that was a great spot. My boyfriend and I were able to walk everywhere we wanted to go. There were record shops, clothing stores, clubs, and pubs all nearby. The staff was delightful and so were the other guests we met. Certainly give this place a chance! Great location. Great bathroom...bigger than most I have seen in Europe. And, the bed, if it hadn't been our first time in London, we would have never left it.	
Feb 17 2005	not a 4 star but still pretty good	After reading the reviews on the Thistle Bloomsbury here, I was really bummed. Of particular concern were comments that the rooms were not clean. But the Thistle had come up as the cheapest choice for my trip to London so crossing my fingers, I booked the hotel anyway. To be honest, this 4 star should really be a 3 star. The wallpaper was peeling/scratched and the windows were dirty. But the rest of the room and the bathroom were absolutely fine. Both rooms were quite clean, with a nice towel warmer in the bathroom and the water pressure in the shower was great. Again, its not 4 star and definitely don’t expect boutique hotel style design but for what I paid I felt I got a good deal.And for those who complained about the staff not speaking English fluently, well, it is an EU member country and England is a prime choice so people can learn English. This is quite common especially in the service industry. I personally didn't have any problems communicating with the staff.In short, I’d say, great value, great location, great service.	
Feb 12 2005	Perfect for a short break	My family( Myself, my wife and our sons 5 and 8 ) stayed in a family room. It was very close to Kings x station , British Museum is round the corner and it is very close to West End attractions. Also the fact that Bloomsbury is a relatively quiet area, made this a very pleasant stay.The Hotel really was fine, it was clean and the Consierge and other staff were most helpful. The breakfasts were great and i would certailnly stay again. If people want the Ritz, then they should be prepared to pay Ritz prices or stop complaining about such a good hotel. 	
Dec 13 2004	What a Christmas present!	Just spent an excellent weekend in London courtesy of Thistle Bloomsbury. Booked an Executive twin room for three nights, on arrival was told that all Exec twins were taken so we were upgraded to a suite at no extra charge. Room was spacious, clean, well equipped, quiet, very comfortable and decorated in a warm eastern style. Check-in staff were friendly and welcoming, breakfast was well presented and despite limited space the staff worked hard to keep the tables available. Seems like we stayed at a different Thistle Bloomsbury to some of the others commenting on the hotel. Negatives; smell of tobacco smoke in the public areas, but I guess this will be cured when the smoking ban in bars and restaurants takes effect next year and current renovation of church next door which gives the entrance a run-down look. Will definitely go back.	
Nov 30 2004 	Oh the anecdotes this hotel has given me	What was it about this hotel that earned it the unenviable prestige of 'the worst hotel I have ever stayed in in my life'? (And I've been in some pretty terrible ones, including one in Majorca I nicknamed 'the cave'). Well let's see:* the bathroom of horrors. Deceased arachnids, a toilet I wouldn't wish on my worst enemy and a bath that had apparently never seen a cleaner. I got washed in the sink so's not to touch anything.*The toilet was hanging off the wall, as were most of the light fittings.* The door didn't lock, so I was forced to wedge a chair under the handle.* I felt very uncomfortable with the hotel staff, especially when one man insisted on walking me to my door to make sure I could get in with the keycard. And then he tried to step inside the room after me.* I was kept awake all night by the strangest singing from the church opposite (I think). My colleague and I didn't know what to make of it, but it was not only very spooky but also intrusive.* It was exceptionally difficult to make oneself understood to the receptionist, who was at best, disinterested and at worst, just plain rude.This hotel was like something out of a bad b-movie. If it weren't so late when we checked in, my colleague and I would have checked right out again. I would never recommend this hotel, and will never stay there again.The plus point? It gives me lots of stories to tell about the world's worst hotel.	
Nov 15 2004	Absolutely the worst !!!		
Aug 23 2004	Peeling paint in the bathroom		
Jul 16 2004	Lovely		
Jun 10 2004	Better than expected - and so close to everything		
Dec 31 2003	Nice old building but..		
Dec 29 2003	Dirty and Shabby		
Dec 22 2003	Good		
Sep 10 2003	Small But Clean		
Jul 14 2003	Not Clean!		
May 12 2003	Clean and convenient.		
Sep 30 2009 	Muy tranquilo y decorado con estilo bien situado		
Dec 20 2008 	Bella Posizione		
Oct 22 2007 	Einigermaßen gutes Hotel		
