	nice place shame about the area! No Good for anywhere really.	Sold as London Park Royal, this is about as royal as China is Democratic, no obvious park and about 90 minutes from the City, an hour from the west end.The hotel is clean enough, nice and new with rip off parking and expensive films. The area is a bit mix and match with possibly the worst &quot;Mediteranean&quot; restaurant in london across the road, if it wasn't out of stock it was still in the freezer, even the kebab was bland, the lebanese beer on the menu was fake appletise at £1.50 a bottle. The food we had was fresh and the waitress useless but funny, mainly because she spoke about 30 words of english.There is a pub, and a tube station 100 yards away which is JUST in zone 2 and manages to make just enough noise to get you up before dawn.Breakfast starts half an hour later than most at 07:00 and given that it's an hour or more into the office, is totally useless apart from the very nice mini muffins which came out first.You can do so much better for less money.It's handy for... wormwood scrubs prison. It's a short list.Close to the BBC, wembley and some of the roughest places in northwest London, but not close enough to be of any use.	
Nov 15 2009 	clean and convenient	Great hotel, only 20 metres from the tube station. 20 minutes and your in the city centre.Clean and cheaper than city centre hotels. In my opinion it cannot be beaten for the price, that also includes a continental breakfast.	
Oct 28 2009 	Perfect Value Hotel! No regrets at all staying here.	The Holiday Inn Express London Park Royal is exactly as described by the many other positive reviews here. We found this hotel on this site and are so glad we did. The hotel is very convenient to North Acton Metro Stop, which made it super easy coming from Heathrow to get on the metro and walk up the hill (small hill) to the Holiday Inn for an easy and pleasant check-in. We stayed in a Double Room with Sleeper Sofa and it was perfect. It was clean, had enough size for the 2 of us, and worked well. There are tons of reviews to get the full story below, but I'll just throw out the quick pros and cons and summarize afterwards.Pros)- Super easy access to the Tube (Metro)- Clean room with everything we needed- Price- Nearby amenities - Little grocery store nearby for snacks (Tesco Express or something), little Indian deli with good paninis, pub with decent fish and chips and good beer (The Castle I think, get the Honey Dew beer)- Included breakfast- Easy access to the airport since both are on the west side of London- For the tube, it is on Zones 3 and 2, which is perfect. Cheaper Tube ride from Heathrow and standard Zones 1-2 fares for the rest. So nice.Cons)- You are about 15-20 minutes outside of London on the Tube, so it is more difficult to come home for lunch or anything like that if you want.- Calling out using international phone cards is really expensive. Best way is to call your family back home from a pay phone. Give them the hotel number plus room number and have them call you. Most places can call the UK for less than $0.10/minute with no connection fee.- Lack of TV channel choices. This was kind of annoying at night. Another 3 or 4 channels would have really helped.Overall: If you have plenty of cash, then staying right in the heart of London would be nice. But at over 2x the cost, there is no way it is worth it to me. As a value traveler who still likes to stay in decent places, this was perfect. We sacrificed 20 minutes of morning and evening metro riding to save well over $100/day. I'd easily stay here again.	
Oct 18 2009 	very clean........	Very clean but very basic and over priced for what it offers.The lift was very slow. The tube station( north acton) is directly behind the hotel, which didnt cause to much noise however it did sound like an overheating hot water tank everytime a train stopped in the station. I would recommend this hotel if it was cheap but if not I would stay at the far nicer Ramada encore over the road, but the whole hotel was spotless!.	
Oct 11 2009 	City Acess Right Outside Your Door	Our annual Christmas and New Years vacation was spent in London this year. I was unsure how easy transportation would be as my vacation package specified my hotel Holiday Inn Express was not city centered. The price was irresistible, so I went ahead and booked the trip. I travel with my daughters ages 12 and 16, which is a little scary going into a city for the first time. I was pleasantly surprised to find so many friendly people that were willing to show me the easiest ways to travel including taking the underground from the airport directly to the hotel. The underground stopped literally steps away from my hotel. I purchased a week pass and we were able to wander the city on our own time. Although this is a top city to visit, you wouldn't be able to tell by what little money I needed to spend. The hotel was very neat and clean. The staff was very friendly and breakfast was served daily. The most impressive was the location. Do not be afraid to be away from city center, transportation is right outside the lobby doors.	
Oct 5 2009 	Clean hotel friendly staff but don't stay out after midnight !	Due to the location (which some people may say isn't that bad) I would personally try to get a little closer to the centre of London. Everything else about the hotel is very good. The staff, the cleanliness, the breakfast, the rooms are all to a high standard but if your going for the night life you really have to draw up a plan of action. The tube (which is next to the hotel) takes approx 20 mins to London which isn't too bad but if your having a night out the last tube leaves between 12.15 and 12.30 am. There is a night bus which leaves from Hammersmith but you've got to get to Hammersmith in the first place (unless you happen to be going out in that area). There are other night buses but the staff advised against this it would mean being dropped miles from the hotel and needing to arrange a taxi to pick you up.This is the only thing that would stop me going back to this hotel and for the price you can't really complain. I guess I'll have to increase my budget next time!	
Oct 2 2009 	Joining the praise -excellent value for money	We stayed here for five nights in September 2009. I booked the room in their own website and got in my opinion quite a bargain, less than 100£ per night. I've stayed in other HI Expresses before and they are becoming my favorite hotel chain.This one was just like others, clean, comfortable and very fairly priced. Service was very good, check in took three minutes as we arrived in the middle of the night.We asked for an extra blanket as we had a double bed (there were no twin rooms available at the time) and we got it in less than an hour. Check out was also quick and efficient.The room itself was spacious for two shopping lovers and we did have always a good nights sleep.The breakfast was included in the price (which in itself is quite a perk) and it was more than adequate. There is a Tesco and a traditional pub right across the road, so that was excellent too.The tube station was VERY close and on the Central line, so the service was frequent.The location is not for those, who want to be in the middle of the action, but we did spend our days in the city centre and for the price we payed it was an excellent choice.I'd also recommend the HI Express Swiss Cottage, these are great value.	
Sep 29 2009 	This is an Excellent Hotel	I have just returned from a five night stay at this Inn, and the experience was wonderful. In past London visits, I have stayed at budget hotels on Sussex Gardens, and a five star hotel near the British Museum (a hotel which did not impress me as anywhere near FIVE star.) Luckily, in recent years, I have 'discovered' the Express by Holiday Inn sites. This Inn is the third HI Express that I have visited and all were great stays...with this hotel possibly being the best of the three. My welcome and checkin to this nonsmoking hotel were efficient and friendly....in fact, every staff member with whom I came into contact was friendly, always smiling with a cheerful 'hello.' I can't say enough about the condition of the hotel.....spotless, cheerful and pleasant. My room was the same....just fine in every respect...both the room itself and the bath. The housekeeping at this Inn is SUPERIOR. A nice feature is the ability to open the windows to fresh air.....but do read the instructions on both sets (inside and outside) of windows. To close the outside window, one must push a small button in the window frame.....strange, but it works. Another nice feature of the double or triple windows is that they keep out noise. As you know, the Underground (Tube) is right behind the hotel. The breakfast (cost included in your room rate) is an 'expanded' continental...a fine way to begin each day. The young lady who services (and cleans) the area is most efficient....and again, very friendly. If you are arriving from Heathrow, you can take the Tube (as I'm sure you know)....but it necessitates 2 connections with lots of stairs, and if you have luggage, that could be a problem. I recommend that you take the Heathrow Connect Train to Erling Broadway (18 minutes, 6 pounds) and cross over to the next platform and take the Tube (this is the line's beginning, so it goes only one direction) and travel 5 minutes to the second stop, North Acton....and you have arrived. If you have read the previous posts, you will know that just across the street from the hotel is a Tesco 'expended' convenience store (open 6 A.M. to 11 P.M.) and it is well stocked. Also across the street is the Castle a wonderful (again, nonsmoking) pub with a friendly bar staff, and it is clean and comfortable...and serves food. About a mile away (walking or driving) is the British Walmart. For other food, shopping needs, take the tube east 2 stops to White City, exit the station, turn left and proceed a couple of blocks to the Westfield Mall....a huge, upscale indoor mall with several hundred stores and at least FIFYY dining choices from Burger King to an array of great looking ethnic eateries (in an area called Southern Terrace Restaurants)...and so on. Also, don't miss (at the far east end of the mall, with seperate entrance) a fine, again upscale, grocery store called Waitrose....the food selections are fantastic....just take a look at the pastry display....think Harrods! All in all, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND this Inn. Now, a couple suggestions.....(1) purchase (at airport or tube station or selected merchants) the OYSTER card.....a debit like card that gives you discount travel on the tube and buses.....just pass the card over a scanner when entering or leaving the tube (where it will show you how much value remains) or entering a bus...quick and easy....and you can load extra amounts at any tube station. (2) Take the tube to Hammersmith, walk down King Street, and watch for signs taking you to the Thames Walk, a delightful walkway along the river with parks, pubs, etc....delightful. (3) Travel to the Waterloo Train Station....exit and follow signs to the Queen's Walk (passing by the Imax Theatre, a good stop in a rainy day)...where you will find the London Eye, great views of Big Ben, St. Pauls, etc., across the river, major Concert Halls, the Globe Theatre, the tate Modern (free admission), lots of River Cruise opportunities....and so on. All in all.....enjoy your stay at the Express by Holiday Inn at Park Royal and have a fantastic visit to London!	
Sep 21 2009 	Top budget hotel with cheap parking.	A group of 14 people stayed here for the Coldplay concert at Wembley and the hotel was faultless. We all managed to get a car parking spot, check in was in simple and took less than 2 minutes. All of our rooms were clean, tidy and had all the essestials inc' air condtioning. Beds were comfy and spare pillows were available. Theres a nice pub with beer garden over the road, easy access to the tube (2 min walk), shop on site and even a kebab shop over the road!! Breakfast was served until 11am complimentary ( basic - but very nice ). Would certainly recommend this hotel and we will use it next time were in London.	
Sep 4 2009 	Great value	We stayed here for a week in March 2009. I booked it based on reviews on tripadvisor.com. It was exactly what we expected. The room was clean, not big but adequate size for me, my husband and our daughter. Breakfast was good. The usual fair for a continental breakfast. Also had packets of cheese and bread rolls. Did run out of tea flavors and didn't restock for 2-3 days but that was not a big deal. Hotel is really only around the corner from the subway. Not even a 5 minute walk but it is uphill a bit at first. Small market across the street to buy snacks. Did not take long on subway to get to main areas of London although morning rush hour the subway was packed most days. I would stay here again for the price and convenience and definitely recommend for others. Also, we wanted to do a tour and the front desk personnel were very helpful with this. Only downside for us was that we had to pay for internet. I believe it was $10 extra per day purchased. You could also purchase so many hours but I do not recall the price for that.	
Sep 4 2009 	Too Expensive ! It's a Holiday Inn !!	Nothing to complain about the Hotel itself. Very clean, comfortable, well up to the standard maintained by Holiday Inn. But the cost was ridiculous. At the time it was actually cheaper to get an equivelent hotel in Dubai for less money !?Its in London, Park Royal/North Acton isn't the best area in teh world, but it is getting better. Regardless... Hotels like this are far too overpriced for what they are. Just because of it being in London. Its a shame. The Castle Pub across the road tho is a god send !	
Aug 30 2009 	Wonderful!	We picked this hotel because of the rave reviews from several sites, including TripAdvisor. And Im glad we did. The Tube is right behind the hotel. SOOO convenient! When we first checked in, they said they didnt have a reservation, but found our voucher so they ended up giving us a double twin bed room. It wasnt bad at all. The room pretty much just has the basic stuff we need: bed, clock, bathroom, hairdryer, towels, soap. The receptionist was very helpful too. We even used their safe with a returnable deposit. They had a plug adapter which was a real help coz we forgot ours and was almost about to buy those from the store for like 10 pounds. So, we asked and got it. It didnt hurt. LOL. Also, there's a convenience store right next to it as well and a bar across the street. So when we got there the first night at 10 oclock something with no dinner in our stomachs and with most restaurants pretty much closing, we grabbed some sandwiches, chips, sushi and large drink and we were good. Breakfast was good. Saved us a little bit than eating out. They have continental. So every morning we would grab breakfast and head straight to the Tube. Loved this hotel.. Will definitely go back!!!	
Aug 25 2009 	Absolutely Lovely Hotel...	Believe me you will not be disappointed with this hotel if you are looking for the best budget value. Its proximity to the train station is fantastic, on the same block just 10 yards away perhaps. The rooms are small but that is Europe for you; but are kept neat &amp; clean. There were 5 of us in total and we requested a connecting room, which worked out well when sharing meals. Their version of a Super Walmart's (ASDA) is walking distance away (15-20 minutes, made no sense to wait for a bus), where we picked up frozen lunch &amp; dinners. We also picked up a cheapy styrofoam cooler, where we stored our perishables since the hotel does not have a mini-fridge. You can get free ice from the ice machine in the lobby. Unfortunately the hotel does not have a microwave but they were willing to heat up our meals in their kitchen, but with so many of us it was way too inconvenient. At ASDA we picked up a cheapy microwave (to use in our room clandestinely) and nuked lunch and dinner in frozen versions (we were really on a tight budget for the 8 days we stayed there). Of course the hotel provided breakfast which hit the spot, no hot foods but it served is purpose. The rooms are designed to hold a maximum of 2 people and an infant (in a playpen that the hotel provides). You have a choice of 2 twin beds or 1 double bed. The playpen was not at all comfortable for my 3 year old, so my suggestion would be to bring a lightweight portable cot (like an army cot) or a sleeping bag for the 3rd/4th person in your room. You could probably forgo carrying the cot/sleeping bag and buy it in ASDA, this way it would be one less item to lug around. THE HOTEL DOES NOT HAVE ANY COTS OR PORTABLE BEDS. Even with the purchase of a microwave, we saved tons on eating out! We even purchased edible goods at the supermarket right across the street. The staff is very hospital and helpful! I made the error of all errors and left 1 piece of luggage behind which the hotel helped ship back to me in the states. We paid for our hotel rooms approximately $42 per night (with all fees and taxes) through Hotwire.com. And I know you are wondering what happened to the microwave, well there was one lucky cleaning lady! There was no way I was going to bring that home!	
Aug 20 2009 	Great service	I'd stayed at another Holiday Inn Express a couple of months ago and was underwhelmed. Disinterested staff, sofa bed left down and I cut my hand turning it back in to a sofa, cold breakfast with yesterday's bread taken out of the fridge and placed back in front of the customers.Holiday Inn Express Park Royal could not be more different. Warm friendly and effficient check in. One of the staff moved her car so that I could park. Friendly bar service. The bread was fresh, the coffee drinkable. Even the customers looked happy!Room was standard but everything was in place and worked. I was working in London en route from Nottingham to Somerset, so perect location next to the tube station for easy access to West End, City and Central London.I'd definitely stay again. Well done and many thanks to the team!	
Aug 12 2009 	Comfortable stay	We found this hotel on tripadvisor with many good reviews. We booked this on the internet. Check-in was so easy, almost too easy as the staff did not even look at my passport to confirm my identity! (If you book this hotel, don't let people know because they could easily stay there in your name!)Travel to and from the hotel is quite easy because North Acton tube station is right behind. But if you have luggage you will have to haul it up/down the stairs from the platform. They are building a lift so hope that it gets built quickly.From the airport it is possible to use Heathrow Connect and change at Ealing Broadway, but you MUST have tube tickets before you board the Heathrow Connect to change on the platform, otherwise you will have to go out and buy tube tickets, which is troublesome. I wish I had known this fact.Breakfast is good. It is continental breakfast buffet so you can eat well here, but it gets a little crowded as the hotel is popular. Diagonally opposite the hotel is a Tesco supermarket, so it is very convenient if you need anything.We were told this hotel was convenient for Wembley Stadium, but we found out unless you are driving it is no use because public transport won't take you there directly and buses don't run to Wembley on a match day. We took the tube instead and it took us one hour.The staff were very helpful with local transport info and airline info.	
Aug 5 2009 	This hotel is nice!	We chose this hotel because we were a large group and we wanted to stay all together in one hotel. Being a bit far from downtown and looked for a good and not to expensive hotel, we found this on the internet. We loved our stay here. The tube is only a few steps from the hotel. Taking the Central line at North Acton station will take us straight to oxford and other main attractions in 15 min. The hotel was clean and the staff were friendly. There is also the Westfield mall just few stops away from the North Acton station. There is also a Tesco store nearby to buy some stuff if needed. The room were nice, spacious and breakfast was good enough. The only thing was the internet line was not free and we had some problem with the service the hotel was using getting to Heathrow airport. They wanted to charge us more than agreed upon. Booking the service we said we were 11 people with 11 bags. The hotel staff called the service and they said it would be enough with 2 cars. This was a fixed price so everyone in our group agreed to take the service. They arrived on time at the hotel, but the cars were not big enough. We said we can put some of the bags in our lap so we can fit, but they wanted to charge us extra or order another car. We had to argue because we didn't realize the cars were only 7 seats cars with small luggage space. If not using the two seats at the back the luggage would fit but some persons must sit on the laps. They were willing to drive us but wanted extra charge. We didn't want that and said we had a fixed and agreed price. It ended up going to Heathrow with them anyway because one of the driver were kind and willing, but the other still wanted extra. We ended up giving him 3 pounds extra when we got to Heathrow. Thinking back, I would rather give extra to the kind driver that were more willing to take us upon agreed price.Still this is not the hotel's fault and we decided not to give any bad rating because of this. We were happy with our stay and would stay again in this hotel.	
Aug 3 2009 	Great place to stay	My boyfriend and i stayed here- it was a really good location. Pros:location- there is a tube stop nearby; it is in the middle of central london and heathrow airportqueen size bedspacious room- queen bed, couch, etcbathroom (a tad small for my taste- but in europe it is large for a bathroom)cleansome of the receptionists were very nice and really helped me out (some were not)breakfast was includedwe got a great deal on this hotel with Hotwirecons:creeped out that the maids snuck in while we were sleeping, and moved a &quot;do not disturb sign&quot; to the outside of the door-- but we should have put the do not disturb sign out- so not so bad and our faultsome of the receptionists were not so nice	
Jul 30 2009 	Great Hotel	This Hotel was great. The bed was samll but it is Europe. They were EXTREMLY employees. And we are probably going back again.Room was nice but limited channels on TV. Breakfast was good but no variety. Great location. You walk around the hotel and there is the tube. You walk across the street and there is a Lebon. restraunt and a food store. Great value for your buck. And the tube ride was 10-15 minutes.	
Jul 27 2009 	Excellent Choice	I stayed in the hotel with my spouse and a 12 year old daughter, for 8 days from 17th to 25th of June, for a leisure trip to London. The check in was one of the most amazing one as it took me less than 30 seconds as all my things were ready, along with a voucher for free surfing for 4 hours. I guess like everyone else has mentioned, that the location is simply unbeateable if you plan to visit London by the tube.Though the area around the hotel is not too exciting, but who cares, if your only aim is to visit London and its attractions. You are just 20 to 40 minutes away to any place of your choice in zone 1 &amp; 2.A special mention about the staff. THEY WERE EXCELLENT. You cannot expect better and most helpful service in London. GUYS KEEP UPTHE GOOD WORK.I certainly plan to return back soon.	
Jul 20 2009 	Nice Stay	Stayed in hotel for 3 nights with 2 small children and college-aged niece. Room was clean and roomy enough for us. Breakfast was okay but free. North Acton Tube station is right outside door. Tesco Express (small grocery store) and gas station near by with good prices. Hotel offers dinner Mon-Sat for reasonable cost compared to some hotels. Pub not far from hotel with small menu. Vending machine in hotel with okay prices. I would use hotel again in future. I wish someone had told me that London tube stations are not stroller friendly. Very few stations have lifts and many stations have at least one flight of stairs if not more. Westfield Mall is not far from hotel off White City underground stop with short walk. Do not use Orbis Air Link to get hotel because they are not reliable.	
Jul 18 2009 	Tube proximity  Free Breakfast and Clean	Traveled with my wife and 3 Teen boys and had 2 rooms side by side. Staff was very helpful even before I left the US. Tube Proximity (North Acton station) was ultra convenient--No Rental Car required to get anywhere. Stayed for a week and the Free Breakfast was very helpful in getting us going for our adventures every morning--helped defray the food cost that the teens would have generated. Having a TESCO across the street open until 11pm also allowed us to get the late evening snack after a long day of site seeing. Price is lower than many &quot;downtown&quot; hotels--and we spent that difference every day on attractions and food. Would recommend to anyone willing to give up 20 min of Tube travel time for a substantially lower daily rate. Would stay there again in a heartbeat.Rooms were spotlessly clean and efficient--not the greatest AC but it worked fine. Only wish was for a few more TV channels and maybe a Frig-but given the limited time we spent there aside from sleeping and eating breakfast--this hotel was the best match for my family.	
Jul 16 2009 	Very nice place	Rooms were clean and cooled. Staff were helpful and serviceminded.50 meters away from a bar with ok and cheap dinner with a nice atmosphere.One of the best things about staying there is the easy access to the North Acton underground station. 20 mins with the tube to the city centre is really ok compared to som of the old and dirty hotels closer to the centre.	
Jul 3 2009 	Spotlessly clean comfortable convenient.	Thanks to all who wrote reviews. Since we planned to stay 35 days and because paying in advance ($3704) gave us a lower rate, we had a stake in your reviews. Fortunately, they are on target. We wanted a clean, comfortable place to return to each day after sightseeing in London. This Inn is just that. It is spotlessly clean. The desk staff bent over backward to be helpful. They would do credit to a 5-star hotel. The complimentary breakfasts were complete and tasty. Tour groups seem to have discovered the Inn and each morning the dining room was full with a different group. Four staff kept the breakfast well-supplied, the tables cleared and the counters neat.We did not use the bar or restaurant and cannot comment on the safety of the surrounding community after dark because we returned each day by 7 or 8 PM. The Tube station is behind the Inn and is only a half hour from downtown London. A mini-market is across the street, and a laundromat 10 minutes away. A city bus stop was just below our window, but the street noise didn't bother us, even with the window open. It may others. Inside, the hallways were quiet and there was no noise from adjoining rooms. The AC is a bit sluggish. The water is super-soft, slow to rinse off and makes the shower floor slippery with soapy water so be careful (stand on the bath mat and its okay). If you want a clean, comfortable, safe, quiet and convenient place to stay in London, this is it. We recommend it wholeheartedly. W. &amp; M.A., Michigan	
Jun 28 2009 	Best budget hotel in London!	I've stayed in many, many hotels in London and this one was by far the best. Rooms were large and comfy, full of many little great ideas and very clean. The shower was modern and roomy. Complimentary tee and coffee in rooms and good breakfast served.Staff was amazing - a special thank you to the lady at the reception who allowed me to use the staff computer to print out my boarding pass.Also well connected via the tube thru the North Action station.	
Jun 15 2009 	Perfect!	Good location: -5 mins from the North Acton Underground Station.-Tesco Express across the road-ATM and bank and a gas station next door.Price: Resonable and a simple and good quality breakfast provided.Accomodation: New and modernly furbished.We are always greeted with a smile!	
Jun 4 2009 	Loved the Service	The location of the hotel, though a little away from Central London, was great as it was just outside North Acton Station. It was a convenient location to reach out to any part of London. The service be it the reception, housekeeping or at the breakfast was excellent. The rooms were quite good and the breakfast very good. As we reached in the morning we had to wait for check-in, but they offered coffee/tea which was nice of them.The Airconditioner was not working well in the room and it was not possible to open the windows, so was a bit stuffy during the night. Otherwise an excellent value for money hotel and would not mind going there again	
May 31 2009 	6 Star Service	This hotel is spotless and well situated for easy travel into central London . Rooms are modern and have all you would expect from any hotel .The jewel in this hotels crown is its customer focused staff from front of house to the house keeping staff the best i have ever encountered , we wish we could stay their every week	
May 25 2009	Overall an enjoyable visit.	A nice welcome from staff, even after being told on the phone while booking that we we could not check in until 2pm unless we paid a fee, we arrived at 1pm ish and all of our rooms were ready and we checked in straight away. The tube station was just around the corner and although we were told it would take about 20 mins to reach covent garden we were still on tubes 45 mins later. That was the only down point. A taxi fare back from covent garden (none of the taxi drivers knew where the hotel was!) cost around £30.The breakfast was nice and everything seemed clean. My room was nice and quiet and very comfortable with a very good shower and air con. The only thing i didn't like was the hard pillow. It was really uncomfortable. Overall a really enjoyable stay. Well worth the money.	
May 22 2009 	great place to stay!	Wife &amp; I in London for vacation...booked this hotel through Hotwire package w/ airline. Great place, entrance to North Acton tube station (on Central line) right next to hotel &amp; is ~30 minutes to central London w/ a tube change...easy to access London! Plus is only ~45 minutes (including change to train) out to Heathrow airport. Hotel.is very fresh, clean, nice as any HI Express in USA, room decent size, bed comfortable, continental breakfast nice selection, hotel has bar &amp; small menu restaurant...we did not use the bar or restaurant though. Staff very friendly &amp; checked in our bags for us when we arrived early &amp; room not ready. Hotel across from a mini-supermarket (Tesco Express) w/ anything you might need &amp; across the street is an Indian takeaway with prices not much higher than in USA. Price on room as part of our package deal was great &amp; you can't beat this place for location/price/comfort! We will stay there again when we go back to London!	
May 21 2009 	best choice to avoid high rate in central london	it locates in zone 2, the last station on central line North Acton, it takes only 2 mins walk to the tube, 10 mins to notting hill, 20 mins to oxford street. not expensive at all in london. can enjoy the silence out of central london, room bacis facilities are very much enough, breakfast provides what basically has. internet access on lobby desktop needs to pay. staff are nice, few of them from local, others from south asia, still nice. they check whatever info you want, even print it out for you. if you forget to bring some personal hygienic stuff, they can provide you too. my room was in first floor with street view, but noise wasnt a problem at all. and very safe as well, after mid-night, need to have your room key card scanned to open the door. for 5 nights, they offered a very decent rates in london.	
May 14 2009 	Wonderful Experience So Far	My wife and our 9 month old daughter arrived at the hotel after a long flight from New York. I would suggest getting a cab from the airport to the hotel rather than catching the tube especially if you are coming in during the morning rush for it was very cramped and hard to switch trains. However I would assume that at non-peak times from LHR its a very easy journey only catching two trains. When you first get off the train the area looks a little industrial and run down. However as you turn the corner to the hotel its a fairly nice neighborhood with businesses and some cafe's/restaurants. We are going to be exploring some of them this eve. as we are still too tired to venture into central London. We got to the hotel around 9:30 check in was at 2. We were both extremely exhausted the hotel staff offered to keep our bags and even said we could enjoy breakfast (fairly good). It was great to sit down and have a decent meal after our flight, and so nice of them to allow us to do so. After having a quick stroll around the block and a espresso at the coffee shop across the street we made our way back where the hotel staff had a room cleaned and ready for us to check in early! As Priority Club members we were able to get some serious rewards points for the room and are already eligible for a free night. They also have a great late check out policy for club members and keep your name for easy check in when you arrive- a huge plus. We were in our rooms by 10:30 way before our check in time. The rooms are very well appointed. They are modern and well maintained. No mold in shower I felt 100% conformable having our daughter crawl around and explore. The bed is a little small but thats standard for Europe. Like the other reviews said the hotel is directly in front of the tube. The only downside is the wi-fi its 13 dollars a day and can be shotty at times. And the location is somewhat of a journey but the price and service and quality is unbeatable and makes it worth the 20-30 min train ride. Our stay will last for four more nights and tomorrow we are going to explore London.	
Apr 27 2009 	Totally customer focused an incredible bargain in London	We booked through hotwire and were amazed at what we were offered for the small amount we had paid. We chose the location because of its good access to Heathrow (already described in other reviews). What we did not expect at all was the amazing customer focus in this kind of hotel. When we asked about public transport in the immediate neighbourhood the receptionist gave us detailed, precise, correct instructions, wrote them all down on a little tube map. They stored our luggage until the late afternoon before we head off back to Heathrow. The decor is typical Express by Holiday Inn: small, functional, clean surfaces, no frills. Everything worked. The free continental breakfast was more than adequate. We had requested a sofabed for our son and it was ready and made up when we arrived, which we greatly appreciated. We will be back.	
Apr 8 2009 	Superb choice a little way out	As have been said the hotel is extremely convenient to the tube, and provides a nice clean and comfortable spot. I think the 20 minutes to London is a little optimistic, as it was about 30 minutes to the middle of town, but more like an hour to Wimbledon, Kew Gardens, and more to Hampton Court and Windsor. The Central line did get you to all necessary connections and is as good as any for a traveler.The neighborhood is much better than previously noted. Directly across the street is a lovely pub named The Castle, serving until 11 pm each night except Sunday. Next to that is a kebab shop and a coffee shop, the Tesco and then a Lebanese restaurant. Around the corner is the cafe Bleu. About a 10 minute walk away is a laundromat run by Mafalda, which is open 8 to 8 each day, and she will do your wash if you wish. Adjacent to that is a very good Indian carryout. Additionally, a very short ride away on the 440 bus is an ASDA store, which has anything you may need. The walk from the tube station is well lit, and each night we came home after 10 there were at least 20 people exiting the train at the stop. I would not find it threatening at all. While primarily commercial/industrial it provides every necessary service a traveler would want. The hotel has a restaurant and bar also, as well as TV showing football in the evening.The hotel was primarily full of European travelers. Coming from the States this was an enjoyable experience hearing the languages. The staff is young, and while the cleaning crew did not fully grasp English their communication was fine and their performance exceptional. Breakfast was fresh with fruit and rolls plentiful. Cereal choices as well as coffee and teas. No complaints here. If you want more Cafe next door as well as coffee house across the street.The only drawback is the duration of the tube ride. In the morning if you wait past 9:30 the train is empty and your ride enjoyable. Earlier the commuters pack the train prior to this stop and you stand for a good duration. The same is true in the evening. If you come home late you have a comfortable time to plan your next day's events, but anything near rush hour is hectic.The other suggestion for travelers from the States is to acquire an electrical adaptor. The hotel did not have these and it was cured with a short ride to the ASDA store, but review the electrical voltage requirements of anything you bring. An excellent spot for a holiday. Sleep late, stay out late, and enjoy London.	
Apr 4 2009 	Perfect rate = Perefect hotel!!!	For the great rate you get here, there can be no better place to stay in LONDON! Located right on top of the NORTH ACTON tube station (Central Line), you are just minutes from HIGH OXFORD and rest of the city .. .. Take everyones advice if you are coming from HEATHROW &gt;&gt; Take the HEATHROW CONNECT train to EALING BROADWAY and cross the platform to the Central Line tube .. ..ROOMS are modern, neat and clean with everything you need &gt;&gt; In-suite bathroom with shower, terrific bedding and a big hotpot to make your coffee/tea .. ..And there is a TESCO EXPRESS across the street and CONVENIENCE STORE next door (get your stamps here) .. .. And, a LADBROKES SHOP next to the TESCO to play the horses!!THIS HOLIDAY INN EXPRESS IS AN UNBEATABLE BARGAIN for London -- I'll make sure that this is my first option every time I return to London!!	
Mar 30 2009 	Clean value for money hotel 20 mins from central london	We stayed at Express by Holiday Inn and we're pleasantly surprised. The rooms were spotless, the beds comfortable, and there was even tea and coffee facilities and a hair dryer. We could even leave our bags at the hotel after checking out and come back and collect them later.We took our laptop with us and my fiancée had some problems with the internet which he expressed to the staff who lacked concern. The breakfast was adequate however if you need anything it's not worthwhile asking the staff as none of them seemed to have good enough english skills to understand what I wanted. They didnt understand when I tried to tell them there was a problem with the elevator either. The staff on the desk were much better however.As many have said the hotel is located very close to the North Acton station which takes you right in to the city centre in about 20 mins. We ran in to problems when we realised the tube stops running at about 12.30am each night and even earlier on sundays. We took the N11 night bus as we saw it went to Acton (the only one that seemed to be going in the right direction) ended up riding it to the end of the line and getting a taxi from ealing broadway station. Took around an hour and a half. Apparently the way to go is to take the N18 to Jubilee Clock and then the 266 to North Acton. Still takes almost an hour on the bus!Overall we were very happy with the hotel, may even be making a return visit later this year.	
Mar 7 2009 	Clean comfortable convenient - and cheap for London	Agree with other reviewers about this Holiday Inn Express location as a cheap and cheerful base for a business or leisure trip to London. With a Priority Club advance purchase promotion I got B&amp;B for about £40 a night which is excellent value for a hotel so close to central London.Handily located next to North Acton tube, the only thing worth pointing out is that this suburb is not the most attractive area of West London and, other than a small Tesco Express store and a couple of independent take-aways / eateries, there's nothing else of note in the immediate area. Some might even describe the largely commercial district as a little threatening, especially by night, and I'd not recommend it for lone female travellers as the short walk from the tube station, whilst well lit, takes you behind the hotel and some commercial properties on a ramp / steps which can't be seen from the (quiet) road on which the hotel is located. Five minutes on the tube though back towards London (alight at Shepherd's Bush) and you have all the eating and shopping you need at the fabulous Westfield London shopping mall.Definitely worth considering if you need to 'do' London on a shoestring.	
Feb 27 2009 	Spotlessly clean warm and good value.	My husband eleven year old son and I stayed in this hotel recently and I would certainly recommend it. It was spotlessly clean, warm and we were able to park our car for £10 in the hotel car park each night. We found the staff very polite and welcoming and the continental breakfast was refreshing. The train station was literally yards from the hotel and it took only twenty minutes to travel into central London each day by train. It is ideal for familes/couples/single people who need a clean basic hotel which is handy for central London. There is also a Tesco Express situated across the road which we found very handy.	
Dec 22 2008	Good location	Very good location, clean rooms, value for you money. The breakfast is a little bit poor. Staff is friendly. Tesco is 2 minuts walk.	
Dec 13 2008 	Excellent value for money	We stayed here for 5 nights at the end of Nov. 2008. We took a blind bid on Hotwire, and we have no regrets. As others have noted, the rooms are clean, comfortable &amp; modern. furnished Ikea style. Although the hotel is adjacent to the North Acton tube station on the Central line, we asked for a quiet room. They gave us a room on the 4th floor, and noise was never an issue. The hotel is now all non-smoking - a big plus. There is a Tesco Express mini supermarket across the street from the hotel, but little else in the neighborhood. However, the tube will get you to the center of London in less than a half hour. Trains run frequently - don't forget your Oyster card. Thanks for the transport tip from member freci, regarding the easiest and fastest way from Heathrow Airport, which is worth repeating. Take the Heathrow Connect train ( a real train, with lots of room and luggage racks ) to the Ealing Broadway stop. You can then transfer across the platform ( no steps ) to the tube. You then have only 2 stops to Acton North. However, you must navigate some steps after you get off of the tube. It is an uphill walk to the hotel, and there are no elevators or escalators at the Acton North Station. The continental breakfast buffet is included in the room rate and is quite nice, but does not include bacon &amp; eggs, like the Holiday Inn Express hotels in the US. For all of this, we paid the miserly sum of $68.03 per room, per night, including all taxes and fees. So stay here, and with the money you save, ride down to the half-price theater ticket booth at Leicester Square. We saw Michael Gambon on stage in Harold Pinter's &quot;No Mans Land&quot; ( The play was so-so, but Michael Gambon gave a brilliant performance). Go, and enjoy London.	
Dec 12 2008	Great value for money	My husband and I spent a long week-end here recently. Very clean modern hotel and most helpful staff.Bedroom was spacious, bright and airy with a good sized en-suite. The bed was most comfortable. I note that a previous reviewer mentioned 'no hair-dryer', it's in the dressing table drawer.Breakfast was more than adequate with a choice of juices, teas, coffees, cereals, yoghurts, toast, danish pastries, fruit, croissants etc.The North Acton Tube Station is a 2 minute walk from the Hotel, and the Tube takes about 20 mins into the city centre, and it runs until the early hours of the morning.Our flight home was late in the evening, and there was no problem leaving our luggage with staff until required.We would stay there again.	
Dec 4 2008 	Perfect	This is a pleasant, clean, comfortable, new hotel that is only about twenty minutes on the underground from the center of London. The only thing missing is hair dryers in the rooms. The breakfast was simple but good. The stafff is helpful and pleasant. The underground stop is right behind the hotel. I doubt that you could do better for a reasonably priced hotel in London. There are coffee shops, a pub, a bank and a small supermarket right nearby.	
Oct 20 2008 	Good Price Convenient Location	I have stayed here a few times now as it is convenient and well priced. The rooms are a good size and quite comfortable. The included breakfast is fine although hot food would be nice but not essential.The staff were extremely helpful and on my last visit the cooling system in the room was not working and I was moved to a new room with no problems.Also the hotel has recently become 100% non smoking which is great.I only have one problem and that is that the wireless internet service was often quite slow with a poor signal strength, hopefully this will be fixed.I would be happy to stay here again in the future.	
Oct 11 2008 	Great Value	We found this hotel &amp; decided to give it a try due to the positive ratings &amp; the price. We would highly recommend staying at the Holiday Inn Express London-Park Royal if you are going to London for a few days. It is located outside of Central London - but it is still considered Zone 2 - which helped w/the Travelcards. It took approx 15-20 minutes to get anywhere you wanted and it is literally right next to the North Acton station. The breakfast has a wide variety of juices, pasties, cereal and fruit. The rooms were decent size and comfortable. If we go back to London - we will look into staying here again.	
Aug 31 2008 	Ideal	We Stayed here because it was an ideal price for us,Iwas unsure what to expect as it was such a good price.But the out come was that it was a very clean and comfortable hotel.It was ideal to get into the centre of London to do all we wanted to do.It took about 110-15 mins by tube to Oxford Circus and from there the tubes were ideal to get any destination you wanted.The tubes also ran late into the night so you do not have to rush back to North Acton at a certain time. I will definently be staying there again.	
Aug 12 2008 	Excellent Value Comfort and a Good Location	The Express by Holiday Inn London Park Royal was booked at a rate of seventy-two pounds fifty per night through IC Hotels on-line. The hotel was reserved a few months in advance for the summer high-season of early July. Impressed with previous Express by Holiday Inn's before, I hoped this one would be good as well. It was, with a comfortable and clean room, a decent location with good transportation links, good service and above all, a great value for four people.Coming via Heathrow was difficult and took about forty minutes. I opted to change for the District Line at Acton Town and then change for the Central Line at Ealing Broadway. The change at Acton Town was not easy as I had to cross over a footbridge carrying luggage to the District Line Platform. This may have not been an issue had the lifts not decided to take a day off. The change at Ealing Broadway was thankfully all ground level (seeing how it is a terminus for both the District and Central Lines). From Ealing Broadway, it was a few stations to North Acton Tube station. Again, another set of stairs greets guests loaded with luggage up to street level. The hotel is very close by, it can easily be seen at the tube station. Exiting the tube station, is a pathway, either left or right. It does not matter which one you take, they both lead you up to street level and eventually the hotel which is just roughly 200 meters away. Check-in was fast, though the room was not ready on arrival just after 11AM. The motorist will note the parking area at the rear of the hotel. The helpful staff offered to hold the luggage until the room was ready. When the room was ready, I headed to the typically small lifts and through the bright and clean hallways to my room. The room was similarly clean, bright and modern, what I expect of these new Holiday Inns. The room was at the back of the hotel, facing North Acton Station. The bed and sofa bed were double sized and reasonably comfortable. Cubbyholes and storage were adequate for four people. Though it was not spacious, it was just fine. A CRT TV near the window displayed a greeting. It sat on a small desk where luggage can be placed on it or an accompanying chair. Ice can be obtained via a ice machine in the lobby. The window is large and can be opened for fresh air. However, if left open at night, one gets to enjoy the pleasing sounds of the Central Line, and if one listens carefully, can hear the announcements. Those not wishing to hear Emma Clarke's voice can shut the window and rely on the HVAC system which worked reasonably well. The bathroom was of standard Express by Holiday Inn fare, with the WC being able to be separated from the powerful hand-held shower and clean wash basin via a double hinged door. The fire alarms all worked well and were loud enough to wake guests, as a guest had burnt toast one morning and set off the alarms. Comforting to know such basic safety features function as they were intended to. Breakfast consisted of excellent pastries, breads and juices along with fruits and other continental fare. The room was busy at around 9AM, but not overly so, and it was reasonably spacious. Tables were available, and TVs were set-up to keep travelers up to date with their news. In the lobby, there is also a computer with internet access for the price of one pound for five minutes. The area is relatively quiet. The road is not very busy at all. A small convenience store is located adjaecent to the hotel, but a larger Tesco Metro is just down the road. A petrol station is also adjaecent to the hotel (though not connected) for the motorist. The area is reasonably well lit at night, provided by the petrol station in all. Not too much in the way of dining in the area though, but the hotel does provide food for dinner in the lobby area. The main local transportation link is North Action Station. While small, it does have a ticketing booth for tourists unfamiliar with TFL fares. The Central Line, unfortunately, does not connect well with Heathrow, Gatwick or St Pancras International Railway Station. Each one of these destinations will require at least one changeover. To St Pancras, changing at Notting Hill Gate is probably the best solution given the other options of Oxford Circus, Tottenham Court Road, and Holborn are likely to be busier. Still, remember that the Central Line is a &quot;Deep Tube&quot; line and the Circle Line at Notting Hill Gate is a &quot;Sub-Surface&quot; line, meaning a long set of escalators to change. Even so, pay attention to the destination of the train, as the District Line shares the same platform, and you want the Circle Line to Kings Cross St Pancras. Still, for trips to Central London, the Central Line is the Central choice, given a trip to Oxford Circus took just twenty minutes. As well, the train does not tend to be too crowded at North Acton. When coming back, it does not matter the direction of the train, (either towards West Ruislip or Ealing Broadway) rather ensure the train does not terminate prematurely, sometimes at White City. Also, Stand Back! The Central Line and its Automatic Train Operation means it tends to come into stations very quickly. Check-Out was as efficient and speedy as check in. This hotel definitely is recommended. The great value, the friendly staff, the clean and comfortable rooms and the breakfast all count towards it. The only area where it could have been better was international transportation links and perhaps a few more amenities in the area. Still, highly recommended for and a great value, suitable for four people.	
Aug 5 2008 	OK but no working A/C	I stayed at the hotel for 3 nights it is of good value, especially as the tube station North Acton is very close and this is zone 2 of the tube.The problem I had was that the air conditioning was out of order during all nights I stayed at the hotel. For the third night I receieved a table fan. As it was not very hot but rather humid I slept OK with the window open and ear-plug (because of the heavy traffuc outside and noisy fan). I do wonder if the hotel is trying to save money by not fixing the A/C.I have an additional transportation tip: either use the Heathrow Connect to Ealing Broadway and switch to the Central Line there. Or Take the Piccadilly Line from Heathrow to Hammersmith and catch the buss 266 there towards North Acton Station. This is a cheap option and much more convienent than the tube-only option(Heathrow-(Piccadilly)-Acton Town-(District)-Ealing Broadway-(Central)-North Acton.	
Aug 5 2008 	Be careful which room they put you in!	We have stayed in a few holiday inns both in the UK and US and been very happy with them however our most recent trip to London was a big disappointment.We were staying in room 115, do not stay in this room!!!! When we opened the door we saw what looked like a giant camp bed that folded up into the fitted wardrobes on the wall, we could see all the metal below the bed and the mattress was no more than 10cm thick! There was a table that folded out at the end of the bed but didnt as the fold out as the bed was in the way! This makes me think this room may be used for meetings not a real hotel room!We went out for a meal and returned to the hotel about 1am to find there were only 2 very thin pillows, after looking in the wardrobes we could not find any more so called reception to be told that they did not have a key to the housekeeping cupboard (!!!)That night we both woke up every hour as as the bed was so uncomfortable, thinking about it now we would have been better on the floor!Breakfast is good however it was clear that they were very understaffed as one girl was clearing everything up, there were no free tables and we ended up having to clear our own table to sit down. We had to ask for plates, bowls and teaspoons as there were not any out.I'm sure other rooms may be fine just remember if you have room 115 do not not stay in this room!	
Jun 27 2008 	Good value a little outside London	This hotel was a bargain compared to the other prices I could find for accommodations in London. While it is about a 45 minute ride on the Tube to central London, the hotel is literally located on the hill above the North Acton tube station. This was very convenient for accessing the tube. There are about 15 steps that must be negotiated to exit the station. But then, there is a ramp outside the station to get up to the street with your luggage. When going to Heathrow, there is about a 45 minute tube ride, if you first go to the Hammersmith tube station to avoid negotiating any steps with your luggage.The hotel is very clean and the breakfast is adequate, but included in the room rates. The shower is quite good. The rooms are bright, a little small, but very clean. The hotel was very quiet.	
Jun 17 2008	Postion perfect and thats why you stay	This hotel wasthe choice of my sister and I as we wanted to explore London on a budget. The hotel is Zone 1/2 on the subway and a 2 minute walk to the station. I would like to know if anyone can stay closer to central London cheaper. The hotel was clean, comfortable, with an above average breakfast (continental style) We really did only use the hotel for sleeping so I cannot review its facilities. We ate early and had no issue with seating in the dining room. The Tesco over the road is very handy and there is also a laundry a ten minute walk away (or a bus ride that we didn't bother with) Lack of laundry facilities was my only complaint. The hotel is not 4 star luxury,it is clean convinience.	
Jun 2 2008 	Excellent value for money	We opted to stay in this hotel for a couple of reasons. We wanted a weekend away in London, and the hotels in the city were charging extortionate amounts. For what we could afford (£60-£70) we would expect some sort of hole in central London. I am a Priority Club member anyway so Holiday Inns are preferred where possible, and the rate we got was just £60 for the night. For London that is a very good price.We arrived on the tube into North Acton, and as others have mentioned you can see the hotel from the tube station. Unfortunately you have to walk all the way around to get to it, which only takes about 5 minutes. The first thing that hit us was that the area wasn't that great. There were lots of black people driving cars with the bass turned up to full volume, and lots of youths hanging around on the corner outside the hotel. Not the best if you are a single woman I guess, but as a married couple (and me being 6ft2 tall) I wasn't too bothered.On arriving to the hotel, being a Priority Club member meant that we just had to sign the book and take our key to check in, as usual at these hotels. We had a letter with my name on it from the manager welcoming us to the hotel, again standard practice.Check in was friendly and we were advised that we had free breakfast too - again not bad to be included in the £60 room rate.Our room was on the third floor and overlooking the tube station. The room was very, very smart. Clean, modern, comfortable, everything you'd want from a hotel room and more. Bed was very comfortable (but only a double not a king), and was a good size. There was a comfortable settee and air conditioning.The TV had many channels, all the usuals plus Sky News, BBC News, movies and more.Shower was powerful and bathroom very smart again. The room felt more like a 4 star hotel than a budget chain.We went down for breakfast in the morning that was nice, typical continental really. No cooked breakfast scored a minus point for me, but it wasn't bad for free.We checked out and again service was very friendly. The bathroom in reception was out of order, but my wife needed to use it. Not a problem said the receptionist, as she showed her to the staff toilet to use. Very good service.Big thumbs up from us, and certainly somewhere to stay with easy access to central London, just 20 mins away on the Central Line.	
May 9 2008 	Serves the purpose	This was my second stay in this hotel and in both cases I was pretty well satisfied with the experience with two minor exceptions. There are no real dining choices close to the hotel, but there are plenty within a short Tube ride in either direction. Secondly, the charges for using the telephone or internet in the room are high , so be careful. Generally speaking, European hotels have not caught on to the idea of free internet usage yet. Other than these two small issues, the rooms are affordable, clean, of adequate size and comfortable. And, as been said in other reviews, the central line is a two minute walk. Plus, the Heathrow Connect is a lower price alternative than the Heathrow Express and can be taken to and from the Ealing Broadway station on the Central Line.	
Mar 29 2008 	Well worth the Money	excellent buy for the price; room clean, bathroom spotless and continental breakfast included! just steps away from the tube and approximately 15min from Victoria Station	
Feb 9 2008 	Nothing Special	Having read the reviews I expected more from this hotel. It's position adjacent to North Acton tube station is indeed convenient, as is the Tesco Express across the road. As in any HI Express, it is fitted out in Ikea type furniture which is functional. Bathrooms are pleasant and the rooms have a nice bright feel to them. As a double/twin they are fine, but as a family room, they are far to small. The breakfast was better than the standard HI express, although the breakfast room was too small and was often crowded. Our room had heating/air conditioning which worked well, if a little noisy. The quilts were the exact size of the bed and should have been larger, enabling some overhang. We found the staff hot and cold. At reception they were very helpful, but we asked the maid for some shampoo as our dispenser was empty and she told us to go to reception because she didn't have a key? My wife asked for a teaspoon at breakfast and was told there weren't any. After 10 minutes or so, newly washed ones appeared, which was 10 minutes too late. The TV remote control didn't work properly either and it meant keep having to get in and out of bed to use the TV properly.Given the fact that it is a fair way out of the centre of London, there are better options closer to town. If you want somewhere cheap to crash out, this place is fine.	
Dec 26 2007 	Great Hotel - Very helpful staff	I really enjoyed staying at this hotel with regards to most things. The staff are exceptionally helpful, there is a simple but good cooked food menu available in the eating area, the standard holiday inn express breakfast is good and the hotel interactive TV system is good. it is also clean, comfortable and well maintained. There is a convenience store next door, a petrol station with convenience foods further down the road and a cafe and pub across the road.The North Acton tube station is literally behind the station but despite facing the station we did not experience any noise problems.The main problem is that the tube station is quite far out from the central London stops and so you can expect a 10 to 15 stop journey if you want to see attractions in London. Also the tube gets VERY crowded, especially weekday mornings and weekend evenings (which is to be expected, but it is still annoying when it is such a long journey).Also there are very limited eating options available. but there are a couple of very good delivery services that the hotel had brochure menus for - an indian place and a pizza place, both of which we got delivered without any hitches and the hotel staff also gave us plates, knives and forks so we could eat the food in our room easier.Overall I was very impressed and the Hotel Wifi service was also good and useful.	
Nov 9 2007 	Excellent Value: Paddington / Heathrow Convenience	I arrived in London late in the day and needed simple accommodation before going to Heathrow via Paddington the next morning. I think this was a similar scenario for many of the other guests.The easy visibility and the short walk from the North Acton station lends a lot of comfort and mental ease when you arrive. The hotel is decorated with modern good style -- colorful and fun. The rooms here, as in most Holiday Inn Express, are designed to be kept spotlessly clean. The lighting is excellent, and the on/off switches are easy to find and figure out. (Not always the case. :-) )The array of breakfast items, included in the cost) is excellent, and the abundant staff kept things stocked.Desk staff were all enthusiastic young people, friendly and helpful. I was very pleased.If you stay at this hotel as part of an extended trip to London, be sure you do not need access during the day. It's an easy but long trip on the Underground. And also be sure to buy the new Oyster Card for the Underground. The paper tickets cost an arm and a leg now. The Oyster Card, like the Washington DC Metro Pass, never expires and you simply add fare as needed.Except for the breakfast buffet, the hotel restaurant is a bit odd. Located in the lobby, it requires ordering and waiting in the lobby, with a 20-minute wait indicated. I wasn't convinced it was worth it, so I stopped in the mini-mart next door and bought a refrigerated sandwich.	
Oct 26 2007 	A gem right off the Tube	This hotel was a great start to our vacation. It has a great location on the outskirts of town, but right by a Tube station(North Acton). You get out of the tube and you are literally looking at the back of the hotel. It was extremely clean with breakfast included. Nice spacious room with a nice bathroom. There is a little convenience store next door if you need a Coke or a few bottles of wine to finish the day. The Tube staop is the last one in Zone 2 so you can buy passes for Zone 1 &amp; 2 and it worked perfectly. I would stay here again next time in London.	
Oct 19 2007 	Good Value HI Express	I think nearly all of what I will say has been said before but here goes. Price: good value - £48 per room per night booked 6 weeks in advance via HI website (for a Friday and Saturday)Location: Very close to tube line, 20 minutes to Oxford Circus - in zone 2. Little hassle to get into town (Central Line).Room: Standard, clean HI express room. Comfy bed, well powered shower. Quiet but no air conditioning. Newish room.Breakfast: Continental Breakfast satisfactory - clean room where it was served, but did get busy. Don't expect it to be awesome and you should be ok.Service: Generally fine, though for some reason it took an age for our three rooms to get allocated, even though it was mid afternoon and there was nobody else to allocate, but we were chilled and it didnt offend. However check out was quick, professional (and accurate! - mind you I had paid in advance). Overall: I would stay here again if I could get the same price &amp; the positive reviews are very much in line with my findings. Represents a good value for money clean hotel	
Sep 12 2007	good value for money	We stayed at the Holiday Inn Park Royal for 5 nigths in September. The connection to the hotel from Liverpoolt Street Station (Stansted Express) is usually very comfortable as the central line tube crosses the entire city and the stop North Acton is rigth behind the hotel. from the hotel to central London destinations you can plan a 15 min trip with the tube. The hotel is perhaps not the cheapest stay, but for london you get a really nice room with a nice bed, sofa, desk and clean bathroom, TV and tea-making facilities.The noise of the tube is not disturbing because of the new windows.Check-in and check-out didn't take longer than 2 minutes.Breakfast is more or less designed for vegetarians but you don't have to leave being hungry.The staff was quite helpfull, since the tube was on strike and they checked every day which line was working or suspended.We also wanted to have a non-smoker room but there was none availible. They suggested that we get a not so smelly room for 1 night and move to a proper room the next day. But since the smoker room didn't smell at all we stayed there without any problems.	
Aug 19 2007	Lovely New Clean Hotel	Well myself and my fiance'e stayed here back in Aprilover all we found the hotel to be very convinent and very close to the Tube station. At first we were really worried about how we would find the hotel from north acton tube station. DONT WORRY ! you can see the hotel from the tube station hehe so its that close !And also dont worry about the noise. we were facing the tube station and when we had the window shut and this other swing window. we heard near enough nothing ! Breakfast is as you would expect for a holiday inn express. Nice continetnal breakfast and also very friendly staffThis is a newly built hotel and you can certainly tell. its in a nice enough area of london and you are only 20 minutes away from central london on the Red Central Line. so its a very handy hotel The only disadvantage we had was the line between north acton and marble arch was closed So it meant either the replacement buses ( which arent actually as bad asi thought !) or you go back to ealing broadway then take the district line all the way to central london. Suffice to say you have lots of options.Overall a good holiday inn express with Friendly staff and the fact we got it for 49 a night is a bargain !!!Defintly worth a visit ! .	
Aug 16 2007 	Good convinient location good staff	Booking the hotel directly from their web-site is the best bet.Hotel staff was very courteous and helpful. Our original bookingdid not include cont. breakfast and they ok-ed it just for asking.Hotel has double connecting rooms at reasonable price.Best part is it's just a min away from underground metro.	
Jul 6 2007 	Good Hotel	After reading the reviews for this hotel, I decided to book it for our 5 day trip to London. I was pleasantly surprised at the cleanliness and the staff was both friendly and helpful. Our room was a nice size. My only complaint that could have made my stay more enjoyable was the bed. It was not very comfortable - very stiff and bounced a lot when either one of us rolled over or got up. The breakfast was a nice continental buffet and the room had nice amenities. The neighborhood was pretty uninteresting - 1 pub on the corner and a middle eastern take out restaurant across the street that had good curry. The hotel does have a bar and serves a limited menu for dinner. We had the salmon the first night and it was good and nicely presented. The underground is right behind the hotel, so it is convenient, but it takes about 20 - 30 minutes to get into central London and about an hour with 2 tube changes to get to Healthrow. All things considered, this is a good choice if your priorities are cleanliness, roominess and price. We would stay there again.	
May 27 2007 	Quite Good	As others have said, this hotel offers good value and decent accommodations. Located just in front of the North Acton tube station makes it quite convenient for getting into central London notwithstanding the dreary location of the hotel itself. But there's a convenience store, bank (with ATM), pub, etc. all on the same block and the area is safe at all hours. The hotel itself is modern and comfortable and the breakfast is quite good. What the hotel desperately needs, however, are more cups and glasses. At busy breakfast times the staff can't seem to wash and recycle them fast enough to meet the demand. Also beware of the wireless internet. It is NOT FREE. In fact, you must physically purchase vouchers at the reception in order to connect. It's 2.50 GBP for 30 minutes! You can buy longer time vouchers but they're only good for continuous use, i.e. no log on and log off. Otherwise, the hotel has everything you need including a pleasant staff and excellent housekeeping.Getting to the hotel from Heathrow takes nearly an hour. You take the Picadilly line to Acton Town and cross over (steps up, steps down) to the District line to Ealing Broadway. There you reverse directions again (no steps) to the Central line to North Acton (steps up). It's not difficult at all unless you have heavy baggage.	
May 26 2007 	Not Air-conditioned as was advertised	I stayed in this hotel from 21 May to 23 May 2007. I booked the room in February at £74 per room per night through their website.My room number is 205. It's a two minute walk from the North Acton tube. First impression of the room is it is clean, spacious(by london hotel room standard) and bright. However, the room is stuffy, hence we try to on the air-cond remote control, after two hours the room is still hot and stuffy. We then inform the reception regarding the air-cond problem. Only then we were told that all the hotel rooms were not air-conditioned. However, we told them that their website states that the hotel room were individually controlled air-conditioning.We were ask to keep the windows open. The tube is right in front of the room and it is very noisy till 1am.The next day, upon checking the bill on the tv, I realised they have accidentally bill my room for another guest. Luckily it was rectified within the same day.The positive side of it is the continental breakfast. Plenty of choice-muffins,juice,coffee,bread,cheese,jams,teas.....they refill quickly too.Would not stay here again especially during summer. I have written to the hotel and hi-express regarding this complain-however they did not reply at all.	
May 17 2007	Nice People nice place	This hotel is very nice. If the room is avaiable, you can check in very early. And assistants is always nice. Breakfast is good and healthy. It is just along the subway in Zone 2. I like the place.	
May 14 2007 	Be cautious of the 'Safe Secure Parking'!	I have stayed at this hotel as a business traveller on two occasions.The first time it was exactly as I would expect a Holiday Inn Express to be: fairly priced, clean &amp; comfortable; no problems at all.The second time was a DISASTER! Despite the fact the company website advertises 'Safe, Secure Parking' I arrived and was directed to park my car down a very narrow alley at the back of some shops. The following morning I went down to get my car to find that they had directed other guests to do the same and blocked my car in. Unable to find out who the guests were I was forced to leave my car or risk being late for my meeting. I obviously then had to return at the end of the day to collect my car, adding an extra hour to my already long journey.The entire operation seemed unorganised and they were not particularly apologetic about the inconvenience. A member of staff even had the audacity to demand that I left my keys in case they had to move my car; clearly, I did not. Quite simply, NOT IMPRESSED!	
Apr 16 2007 	excellent value for money	Clean, modern, big rooms. Excellent breakfast buffet and friendly and helpful staff - you would´nt expext such a hotel in London. Just 100 m from North Acton Tube Station (Zone 2 - 10 min to Nottinghill Gate)	
Apr 14 2007 	Avoid it if you can!	What an experience, after taking at least 25 minutes on the underground to get there from Kings Cross, we checked in slightly earlier after I had rang the previous night to request an early check in.I had booked 6 rooms and we found the rooms to be very pleasant, clean and comfortable.The nightmare came when I checked out, we were presented with a bill for almost £600, which was double what I had expected. At £49 per room per night (6 rooms for 1 night) I explained that this was wrong. I received nothing of an apology and £300 was deducted from the bill.The credit card terminal was not working either to process my debit card, I spoke to NatWest later and they confirmed that everything was okay from their side.Finally, the last insult came with a mysterious £99 charge on my AMEX. When I called the hotel I spoke to someone called &quot;Thomas&quot; who was certainly not gifted in customer services, he agreed to look into it.After calling me back, he explained that the charge had been their error, they thought I'd booked 7 rooms and not 6 so that was the charge for the room we didn't take...Completely nonsense and useless, given that we had booked a £49 rate anyway and only 6 rooms. I would avoid at all costs staying at such a hotel, the management and staff are not able to run and organise a correct system and are not particularly helpful or apologetic when things go wrong (as it seems they often do).I was eventually refunded the £99 with intervention from Intercontinental Hotels customer care.	
Feb 24 2007	Even my wife loved it!	We stayed two days over the weekend (16.-18.2.07). Arriving fom London Heathrow Airport we had to change (subway) trains twice to get to North Acton station, but it was no problem. From the station we walked 5 min. with baggage to the hotel. Check-in was fast and professional. The room was excellent, new, perfectly clean. Our room was quiet, too (R. 320). Our room rate (less than 100 EUR) included the good and fully sufficient continental breakfast for two. In the same building there is a convenience store; coming home from the city after midnight we could even buy some things from the close-by gas station. Check-out was as fast and smooth as check-in. I already stayed in different London hotels of different categories: if you don´t mind the 15-min ride by tube to the city, I couldn´t think of a better choice at this price!	
Jan 3 2007 	Clean and convenience	I love this hotel. I stayed 5 nights during christmas time. My room has a sofa, very clean and new. Shower is great. Just in front of the North Acton Underground station. 15 mins. to city. Can't find any better at this rate (49 pounds includes vat) Will recommend to anyone. Breakfast is great, with the normal continential breakfast plus fruit. I tried the dinner as well. Good too!Just a short note. I had a problem when check-in, staff can't find my booking, but they were helpful and resolve it for me efficiently.	
Oct 5 2006 	It would be hard to find a better place	I stayed here for the last weekend in Sept. I have to say i was plesently surprised by the hotel. We had a double room which was very cosy and it had a sofa in it!! The bed was very comfy as were the pillows. Rooms were cleaned every day and the bathroom was quite large for London. Shower was absolutely heaven!! There is an undergrond just up the way from the hotel and this services everything you could need. The time we stayed it was out of service but complimentary buses were provided and these worked just fine (they ferried us to our stop and we used underground from here).There is a pub just up the way from the hotel and it stays open till midnight (most pubs close at 11pm). They do a great &quot;English&quot; breakfast and dinner menu.The only thing about the hotel is that it is a bit too far out of town (a taxi from Liverpool St Station cost us £40) but if we have mastered the underground earlier would have used this instead. Be careful of taxi ripping you off, it's done quite often in London and always get into a taxi that has the &quot;taxi&quot; sign on it.	
Sep 28 2006 	OK hotel	I stayed at this hotel and I actually liked it.A room (two single beds) was big - very big for London.It was clean, the staff was kind.Only one negative remark: rooms which view to the street - the noise from the street is so loud. So, better to ask for the room on the other side.Anyway, very decent hotel for very decent price.I will surely stay there again when I am in LDN.	
Aug 12 2006 	Very hard to get better overall.	I believe this hotel to offer the best value in London. The staff are very good, the hotel is very clean the rooms are excellant and the breakfast is great. At check in at 11.30 am there were no rooms available (understandable), however a member of staff, Thomas, radioed one of the housekeepers to enquire if a twin room was available. It was so we checked in earlier than expected. Thomas, thank you and well done. Instances like this encourage me to return to Holiday Inn. The manager Ms. Fernandes operates a good hotel. The Tube station is girectly behind the hotel (2 min walk). The area around the hotel seems safe. The hotel serves a limited selection of hot meals in the evening. There are two convenience stores within a few yards of the hotel.I recommend this hotel.	
Jul 20 2006	Pleasant surprise but somewhat costly	This was a terrific place to stay (for 1 night en route back to the USA). The room was new looking and very clean, the bed and sofa-bed were comfortable. It was quiet; the Tube station is directly behind the hotel, extremely convenient!) The area seemed pleasant (across the street is a big BBC office building). The rate was a little high (may be a given due to London and we were in high July tourist season), as paid 105 pounds for a 4-adult room. (queen bed + sofa bed). We also reservedlast minute online. If coming back to London, though, I would try to get this hotel and get a good rate. At a lower price, this placewould definitely get my &quot;Excellent&quot; rating!One thing -- our room wasn't ready when we got there at 2AM, so it was a bit irritating, but we eventually got in. They were kind enough to extend our checkout to 12:30 afternoon, so that was good.	
Jul 14 2006	I highly recommend this hotel !		
Jan 18 2006	Great Hotel		
Jul 15 2005	great stay at the express		
Jun 8 2005 	Good Hotel		
May 25 2005	Excellent!		
Mar 6 2005	Perfect!		
Sep 17 2004	Clean but Far		
Jun 21 2004	Good choice for London Stay		
Feb 10 2004	New but basic hotel		
Jan 23 2004	good Holiday Inn Express Park Royal in London		
Oct 29 2009 	???????????????		
Oct 27 2009 	Hotel à recommander		
Oct 25 2009 	Empfehlenswert		
Oct 8 2009 	hotel in Londra		
Aug 14 2009 	Buen hotel		
Jul 26 2009 	sauber und modern gute Anbindung Central Line freundlich - kleine Zimmer.		
Jul 18 2009 	Impeccable		
Jun 30 2009 	Tolles Preis-Leistung-Verhältnis etwas ausserhalb		
Jun 27 2009 	Für eine Städtereise sehr empfehlenswert		
Jun 9 2009 	Hotel muy limpio a 20mts en metro del centro de Londres		
Jun 2 2009 	Fantastisch		
May 30 2009 	repetiria seguro		
May 25 2009 	SUPER LONDON UNTERKUNFT		
Apr 24 2009 	Ottimo rapporto qualità prezzo un po' fuori mano		
Apr 13 2009	sehr empfehlendswert Lage Service 1A		
Aug 30 2008 	Hotel pulito e comodo		
Apr 2 2008 	Angenehmes Hotel gutes Preis-Leistungs-Verhältnis		
Mar 21 2008 	Empfehlenswert aber etwas außerhalb		
Mar 20 2008 	Absolut empfehlenswertes Hotel		
Feb 15 2008 	Bon rapport/Qualité prix		
May 4 2007 	Muy recomendable		
Apr 14 2007 	Séjour à l'Express by Holiday Inn pour le WE de Pâques		
