	Incredibly noisy room	Unbeatable location which is both the best and worst asset of this hotel.Just across the road from Victoria Station, it is situated strategically, especially if you arrived in London from Gatwick. The drawback is... the room (4th fl) was facing Victoria Station and it was INCREDIBLY noisy at nights. I cannot believe that, when designed, nobody realized that being so close to Victoria the rooms should have been, at least to some extent, soundproof. I stayed for 2 nigths. First one barely slept. I got up from bed several times to double check that the windows were closed as I just could not believe so much noise could come into the room. Second night I slept much better... because I had previously bought earplugs.By the way, the internet connection was free, but very slow.	
Nov 25 2009 	Clean Hotel but...	We took a trip to Paris and London this summer. We spent our time in London at this hotel. The hotel/rooms were clean and the service was great. The hotel is located steps away from Victoria Station which has its pros and cons. Pro: easy to get around the city, tube station w/several places to eat made it great for getting up early in the am and grabbing quick coffee and a bagel or donut before getting on the Tube. The station has everything from Sushi, McDonalds, Starbucks to Booths Pharmacy and Marks and Spencer for quick groceries. Con: near the train station...the view was of the office building/station. We could see right into the windows so we kept the drapes closed at all times while in the room which was dark. Also the shower was a little difficult to manage. Hard to explain, but it had a separate faucet from the bath water which made the pressure non-existent. Stay here if you are looking for a clean room w/easy access to the Tube. Definitely no frills. BTW swimming pool was being renovated during our stay so no access.	
Nov 23 2009 	Clean comfortable and convenient.	Stayed one night on a visit to see a Football match with my father and my son (11). The Hotel is very conveniently located, close to Victoria station. The Reception/Restaurant/Bar is smallish but nice. Well kept. The room was a good sized twin with an extra rollout bed. Even though there wasn't a lot of free floorspace with the extra bed, the room did not feel cramped. Our room faced onto the backs of neighbouring buildings and whilst not scenic, it wasn't unattractive and did mean it was a very quiet room.We ate dinner in the Restaurant and it was very nice, with the waiter being very friendly and helpful. I would say the food prices were reasonable.If I were to find fault, and I'm being picky just for the sake of it here, it would be that the TV system/signal wasn't great compared to the standard I've experienced at other hotels, although Sky Sports appeared to have been free. And while the translucent bathroom door might not be a problem for most, and indeed for some might have it's advantages, for others it might be a little strange.	
Nov 22 2009 	Good location and friendly staff	Good location. Friendly staff. Big and clean rooms/bathrooms.	
Nov 20 2009 	Decent hotel in good location	I've stayed here quite a few times traveling in business and it's always been just fine. Nothing exiting or special but clean rooms, nice breakfast and ok service.The hotel is located on a quiet street behind Victoria Station and I have never been disturbed by traffic or noice while sleeping.It has fulfilled my purpose of staying: a good nights sleep and a nice breakfast and quick check-in/check-out.4 star? In my opinion, 3+++.	
Oct 16 2009 	Fantastic	This hotel has got everything right. The rooms are large, comfortable, well thought out. The staff are very professional. Very good noise insulation. Short review because really nothing bad to say.	
Oct 10 2009 	o.k. but not 4 star	This hotel is in a good location at the side of Victoria Station in a quiet side street. It's a Spanish owned hotel and is minimalist and stylish, but looks as it it needs a fresh coat of paint. The reception staff were not particularly welcoming, but o.k., our rooms weren't ready so we went to the bar for a light lunch, tapas etc. The waitress obviously hadn't worked in a bar before, she was pleasant but English was her second language and she wasn't particularly efficient. We waited about half an hour for our meal to arrive, an acceptable wait, but a woman who had ordered before us was still waiting when we left an hour later, she was only waiting for a burger!We went back to get our room cards but the reception staff had changed and the new receptionist didn't know who we were and had no paperwork ready so we had to wait to get that sorted out, and when we finally registered, we weren't offered portering services. We didn't particularly want help, but there was a large party of mainly elderly ladies booking in after us and they all had to take their own luggage up to their rooms. We were also told that the spa was not functioning as it was being refurbished, which we were quite upset about as we had been looking forward to relaxing in the pool, it would have been nice if someone had let us know in advance rather than let us find out when we got there.Our room was o.k. but nothing special, pretty much the same size as one I stayed in recently at a Premier Inn, so if I had been paying full price I would have been really ticked off!It was a twin room but in the cupboard was only 1 dressing gown and 1 pair of slippers, there was coffee making facilities, with coffee sachets, but only 1 teabag, and no biscuits etc., not what I expect from a 4 star hotel.The lavatory was good, large with a full size bath, and good range of toiletries.The room decor looked a little 'tired' so did the loo, it could have done with a fresh coat of paint.The hoted security appeared to be pretty non existent. We came back pretty late at night and there was no one in reception or on the door, anyone could have walked in!Although the room was clean enough, things weren't quite right, crumbs hadn't been cleaned off the table, the tea bag we used wasn't replaced, some of the toiletries we had used weren't replaced either, it wasn't what I expected.Breakfast was fine, the hotel was busy and we had to wait a little for breakfast but the staff were busy clearing as fast as possible, and the breakfast selection was good.We ate in the hotel that night, the meal was fine, not too expensive especially for London.All in all I would stay here again, but this hotel is not good enough for a supposed 4 star, it's a 3 star with attitude at best.	
Sep 30 2009 	Great location... Staff aren't very helpful though!	I stayed at the Hesperia Victoria as I am not terribly familiar with London, but I know my way from Victoria station. After waiting for twenty minutes to book in, I checked into a suite which was pleasant; the jacuzzi needed sorting out as it continued to turn itself on through the evening. I was told when I arrived that we had a free minibar excluding the alcohol, which was fine as we don't drink. A few days after my stay I noticed they had charged me £22.50 for 4 small bottles of coke!After chasing them about why I had been charged, I still have no response from the hotel... The staff really don't want to know!	
Sep 28 2009	Nice hotel in good location	My mum and I stayed here for one night on a theatre break last weekend and thoroughly enjoyed it. The rooms are a decent size for London and are clean and modern as is the bathroom. The hotel is about 10 mins walk from the coach station and is directly behind the train station. Despite our room over looking the station we never heard any noise.This is a great location for Billy Elliott which is a couple of mins walk away and Wicked which is literally at the end of the street. We also walked it up to Picadilly via Buckingham Palace and St James Park which took about 20 mins and down to Westminster the following day which was about half hours walk.I can't common on the leisure facilites which we never saw or breakfast but all in all I would recommend this hotel and I would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 27 2009 	Perfect location for exploring London highlights.	We had a difficult time finding the hotel with navigation- a warning for the navi users. The hotel is a very short walk to Victoria station where you can catch the London sightseeing buses and of course, very convenient if you plan to use the underground station in exploring London. We stayed in a suite and was checked-in early. Very nice. No complaints in the room in general, BUT as an exception though-- the door stopper on the bathroom floor was installed WITHOUT CONSIDERING SAFETY of their guests. My husband and I stepped on it more than one occasion-- ouch! (hurts to even think about it again as I do this review). I left them a note about this on their survey form and wish that the management already did something about this. Bathroom amenities are not replaced, another comment. We would have fully enjoyed our stay here, otherwise.	
Sep 22 2009 	Great Location	We booked this hotel using Hotels.ca and got a great deal ($225 Cdn/night). The location was great - right across the street from Victoria Rail/Train station. The Gatwick Express goes from this station every 15 minutes so perfect if you are travelling to/from the airport.Room was very nice and modern. Had lots of toiletries which was extra nice since we had just spent seven days on a walking tour of the Cotswolds. We arrived just after Noon and were pleased to find our room ready. Check in was fast and efficient - no issues.Would absolutely recommend this hotel if you are visiting London.	
Sep 4 2009 	dont book here	i took my wife for a weekend break to this htoel, big dissapointment.Staff are ignorant, Rooms are averageLeisure suite was not upgraded when the hotel was taken over by Hysperia, not usuable due to condition and filth of changing rooms and spa.Ive stayed in better 3 star hotels	
Sep 3 2009 	Very brief stay but no complaints	I can't give an in-depth review of the hotel as I arrived at 7:00pm in the evening and left the next morning at 9:00 and did not eat at this location. All I can say is that it was clean, the room spacious and the staff at check-in relatively efficient. It's ideally located, being literally minutes away from Victoria Station and with plenty of good bars and places to eat surrounding the area.For an individual who is looking for a short stay on business in the area it was ideal and I'm guessing will suit any similar visitor. Just be careful as a load of the rooms obviously overlook the station so there is some real potential for noise here although I didn't experience this.	
Sep 2 2009 	Ok but I would stay elsewhere next time."	Stayed at Hesperia London Victoria for 5 nights with my 6 year old. I have been to London before and liked the Victoria Station Area. This hotel was OK but nothing special. Good price on Expedia and fairly modern and well appointed rooms were nice. Service at the front desk was poor (expect for the concierge), room service was dismal, and pool was out of commission (not good with a 6 year old in tow). Overall, this is an OK spot, particiularly if you are going to see Wicked and Billy Elliot (both well worth it!!!!!) or want to walk to Buckingham Palace, or the Westminster Area. But next time I will staying in the theatre district.	
Aug 8 2009 	Great for Billy Elliott 	The location of the Hesperia is good for sightseers and particularly for people going to see &quot;Billy Elliott&quot; or &quot;Wicked&quot;. Victoria Station is a mere 30 metres from the hotel entrance! It is part of the Spanish hotel group and because of that it is a very popular destination for tourists from Spain.The hotel has a range of business facilities and there was evidence that it is a popular place for meetings and conferences. Wi Fi is free but the quality of coverage did not extend to our bedroom, I would suggest that maybe this is something for the hotel to consider improving.I would describe the hotel decor as minimalist and functional.We stayed in a twin room on the 4th floor overlooking the waste compactors on Victoria Station, not the most wonderful of outlooks!The room had a well stocked mini bar, the obligatory tea/coffee/chocolate &amp; mini kettle. An iron and board and hair drier were also in the room. Little touches like a drinks stirrer and bottle opener were thoughtful (and useful) additions! The room has a flat screen LCD TV with a range of terrestrial and satellite channels including a number of European language channels to cater for visiting tourists effectively.The bathroom had an interesting frosted glass door! Decent size with a shower over the bath with plenty of functionality for an aging six footer like me! There was a good range of toiletries that were replenished as used. The only minor gripe with the bathroom is that there was no or a very inefficient air extraction system.The beds were comfortable, the air conditioning efficient if a little on the noisy side and the decor of the room was good, not perfect but good. Some of the rooms have smoking allowed in them. I found this a little surprising. Room cleaning was fantastic!Unfortunately the swimming pool is being refurbished at the moment. It would have been a useful addition! A local health club was being used by residents as well as that was also out of action at the hotel.All of the staff were helpful and courteous in the extreme. There is a small bar area and the hotel has a good and reasonably priced menu available. We took breakfast on both days we stayed and found a very good range of cereals, pastries, juices, cold meats, cheeses, fresh fruit alongside the 'traditional english breakfast'. A range of alternatives such as kippers and poached eggs were available an no additional cost.Check-out is 12 noon and bag storage is well organised. This hotel wouldn't be to everyone's liking - it is a modern, minimalist hotel with a very European feel to it.Some reviewers have mentioned the waste compactors and voice announcements from the station disturbing them. I am astonished at these reviews. Perhaps we were just lucky but we were directly opposite the compactors and they didn't disturb us! ( and no we are not old enough to have become hard of hearing yet either!)We will stay at this hotel the next time we visit London.	
Aug 7 2009 	Unexpectedly Bad!	I had read amazing reviews about the hotel but maybe it has gone down hill lately as I experienced the same awful service as the last reviewer! On arriving at the hotel I was told that they had overbooked. It also happened to other people in front of us, but some guests were being checked in after us, which was odd if they were full! I received a deal on lastminute.com so maybe it's true that they only actually deal with those paying full rate. Really rude receptionist and v patronising manager, as the other person found. The next day we had our taxi re-imbursed to get our car which was parked near the hotel and the lady then was very apologetic but all in all very bad! Also wanted to take advantage of the spa but hotel we were sent to was miles away and had no spa. Wouldn't bother returning as not worth the hassle and stress!	
Aug 5 2009 	Intentionally overbooked and sent us elsewhere. Very Rude	We booked our stay at this hotel months in advance via lastminute.com and got a very good rate. We especially selected the hotel as it was near to the event we were attending and it also claimed to have a fitness centre with a pool. The pool really swung it for us as we wanted to spend some time relaxing in the pool prior to going out.When we arrived at the hotel at about midday (three hours prior to normal check in time) we were told that they were fully booked so we had to go to another hotel. We were very upset as we had discussed with the reception staff that we were going to arrive early so we could enjoy the facilities. The staff didn't care about our plans and said we had to go elsewhere.When questioned, the manager admitted that although the hotel was fully booked, most of the other guests had not yet arrived. Despite this, we still had to leave so they could have their rooms even they had not yet arrived. The manager was rude and kept telling us that we should consider how he was feeling about the situation. Twice I asked him to at least offer us a drink as we had parked at the parking station they recommended which was about a 10 minute walk away and I had carried all of our luggage on a hot day. He did not even provide me with a drink! Eventually we had to leave and he didn't want to tell us where he was sending us and just gave me a card with the postcode of the hotel we had to go to and rushed us out the door into a taxi.The other hotel was OK but not of the same standard as the Hesperia is meant to be. there was no pool and we incurred extra costs because we had to take taxis to and from our event.The location of the hotel is ugly as well as it sits right behind the passport office and Victoria station; busy, dirty and ugly.Do not book to stay in this hotel	
Aug 5 2009 	Very Disappointed	We chose to stay here due to it's location as we had a night out planned with old friends. We confirmed the booking the night before and was told it was all ok. When we arrived we were told that they had overbooked and 6 other couples were also turned away to another hotel. We were supposed to be enjoying the spa but the hotel they sent us to did not have one. Apparantly if you get a good deal on the internet they overbook and turn away those not paying the full rate. Very patronising manager, very unhelpful, very disappointed.	
Jul 22 2009 	Excellent London Hotel	We arrived at the hotel at 11am in the morning, the reception staff checked us in straight away! Excellent. We had an executive room which had a big king size bed, dressing gowns etc. The room was spacious (for London), with every amenity possible. I was on the 3rd floor overlooking Victoria Train Station and slept soundly. Very good hotel and a great rate. Staff where excellent, rooms good quality one tiny problem was that there was no eggs at breakfast as they where so busy, but just a small thing. Would stay here again as its also very well connected, lovely staff and good rooms.	
Jul 16 2009 	Nice hotel shame about the waste compactor	This hotel is very nice but if you want to sleep ask for a room not at the front. Stayed for two nights and each night at about midnight the waste compactor in the station across the road started work. Not much sleep to be had!	
Jul 12 2009 	Location is the best great hotel	For a first time vistor to London, this location was excellent. We took the Gatwick Express Train from the Gatwick Airport to Victoria Station and from one of the station's exits all we simply did was cross the street and there was the hotel! Extremely convenient even with our luggage! At check in the agent was very pleasant and helpful, and actually thru out our 5 night stay every staff member we encountered was great. The conceirge there gladly helped us with booking the hop on hop off tour and show tickets, however there was a mix up on getting us a taxi at 4AM so I would suggest if you did need a taxi throughout your stay , simply cross the street to the Victoria Station where taxis were always readily available at all times.Within walking distance of the hotel was Buckingham Palace, several souvineer shops [we went up and down the street comparing prices!] , great selection of restaurants, also several bus stops which was such a plus since we rode the bus often throughout our stay. Housekeeping never bothered us ,which is something I always pay attention to in hotels, and always had the bed made and our small items organized. The room service we ordered on the first night was pretty bad so I don't recommend it, although it was fairly inexpensive. The bathroom was spacious with large sink area, and shower tub combination, just watch your step when getting out the the tub! Overall fantastic stay, the hotel property and room were both clean and comfortable aqnd with this hotels prime location, it made our first trip to London much less stressful and much more enjoyable.	
Jul 8 2009 	Reception staff could be better	Having stayed at this hotel before a bout 2 years ago I had a fair idea what to expect, although the staff then were a bit more friendlyI was given an excutive room as I have my 11year old son with me and was the only room (other than the suite) that could fit us all, the room itself was nice, slippers, bathrobe, all the usual bits you would expect of a 4* hotel. I seemed to have had a slightly dodgy bath tap (it was turned to the left and not downwards) but as it was only 1 day it didnt really bother me. the breakfast staff were nice with a nice selection of food. The main downside for me was the recetion staff, not only were they not particularly welcoming, or friendly they seemed to do nothing but stare at me and my family whenever we came in and out, Ok to be fair we were dressed to the nines as we were attending a wedding around the corner, but come on, surely they must have seen people dressed up before?!!? The other guests i could understand, but it really was annoying when the recetion staff did it as they all stopped what they were doing and just stared, and really giving me the once over, in some respects we should be flattered, but it did make me feel uncomfortable.Not sure I would stay here again as the room we were in also overlooked the train station, now on this particular occasion it was fine as we were out till 11pm and i didnt hear anything when we got back but when we checked in and put our things down it was quite noisy, so would hate to be there if i was trying to work or catch up on some sleep after a long flight	
Jun 25 2009 	Great location	The best thing about this hotel is location. It is located just behind Victoria Station and great for sightseeing. Our double room wasn't so big, but it was clean and the bed was quite comfortable. Overall, we had a nice stay at this hotel. If you are a vegeterian, like us, you might find dinners average and quite pricey; but this shouldn't be a problem as there are lots of quality restaurants around. On the other hand, breakfast buffet was lovely and room service was good too. The staff were professional and we had no problems. If you are in London for some shopping and sightseeing, then this is the right hotel for you. However if you are looking for a luxury hotel experience, you might be disappointed, because the best word to describe Hesperia London would be &quot;average&quot;.	
Jun 23 2009 	Rude and very unhelpful staff - not worth the rate	I made my reservation through Lastminute.com and got a better rate than was advertised via the hotels website. My Husband and I turned up at 1.30 pm and there was a long line of people waiting to check in, the people in front of us were given there keys and made there way up to their rooms however when we tried to check in we were informed that they couldn't see our booking on the system and would have to ring there reservations dept. The abrupt lady with dark curly hair and glasses who was serving us said she wouldn't call until 2.00pm as this was the official check in time, when I pointed out that others were given there room keys and she basically said it was tough and refused to help. When we returned 30mins later we were finally given the keys to our room. We might of felt differently if they would offered us a complimentary coffee while we waited.The room was shabby, there were dirty stains on the ceiling tiles and the furniture was chipped and badly worn. We were also woken at 8am, and 10am by the cleaning staff banging on the door trying to get in and clean our the room. Overall this is one of the worst experiences I have had at a London hotel and would not recommend this to my enemy!	
Jun 11 2009 	can't beat the location	At first I was concerned about the location - directly across the street from bustling Victoria Station, however it turned out to be this hotel's biggest asset - incredibly convenient. Victoria Station is not only a railroad station but also a major underground tube stop. (It is walking distance to Westminster Abbey and Chelsea.) The concierge was very helpful and the desk staff were friendly and able. The cleaning staff was excellent. We are travelling with our 15 year old son who is 6 feet tall. They brought in an extra bed for him which doesn't handle anyone taller than that - so keep that in mind if you have tall people who might be sleeping in that extra bed. The bathroom was modern, clean and stocked with lots of towels. The internet service was spotty during our week's stay but we were able to take care of business in the end. This hotel seems to cater to business travelers so we appreciated the numerous plugs for our electronic equipment (computers, chargers, etc). There is a bar and a restaurant on the premises although we never ate there.As you probably know, London is quite expensive. We found nice and affordable (NOT cheap, however) restaurants that we all enjoyed in the neighborhood. Among our favorites were Giraffe (&quot;California style&quot; food and a full bar around the corner from the hotel on Wilton Road) and Cyprus Mangal (middle eastern food), also a few blocks from the hotel. A food store - Sainsbury's - is down the street. And there are many coffee shops in the area.We had a bit of a walk to a laundromat (the term is 'lauderette' in England) but just used our carry-on luggage to haul the laundry back and forth. I thought it was quite expensive, by the way - 3 pounds for a normal wash load, 1 pound for the detergent and 1.5 pounds to dry the load. It was in the Pimlico area.Regarding the noise: the front of the hotel is immediately opposite of the Victoria train lines and the recycling area for the station. I would recommend staying in a higher floor and request a room in the back of the hotel. We were on the 7th floor and facing the front. We sleep with the fan on so we had NO problem with noise even though we were facing the station. Overall we recommend this hotel if you don't mind a business ambiance. It is very convenient in a good neighborhood.	
May 31 2009 	Superb friendly staff and excellent accomodation	This hotel was chosen because of its proximity to 'Wicked' and 'Billy Elliot.' This meant a safe and easy stroll from theatre venue to hotel. Upon arrival at the hotel the staff were super friendly and were genuinely welcoming. The rooms were spacious and very clean. Air conditioning was essential on a hot day in May and this was efficient and quiet.The proximity of tube and station opposite facilitates easy access to the whole of London is a hastle free weekend.I was worried about the comments about noise, but have no idea why this complaint was made. The PA system can not be heard during the evening from the station opposite and during the day its barely audible. This was really unfair.	
May 26 2009 	Value for money	stayed 4 nights, great location as beside Vic station. Also pleasant 5 -10min walk to Buckingham Palace &amp; St James Park , could stroll to major sights. Hotel v pleasant, v clean and not at all noisey. Staff friendly &amp; helpful. Great breakfast, great variety fresh fruits as well as usual trad breakfast. would stay again.	
May 25 2009 	Excellent location comfortable stay	Flew into Gatwick airport so was looking for a convenient location to Victoria Station and couldn't have chosen better - the hotel is located across the road from the exit at platform 1. Check-in was reasonably quick. Requested a quiet room and certainly got one - absolutely no noise from inside or outside the hotel. Very comfortable beds. Nice bathroom with ladies only toiletries as we were in a &quot;pink room&quot; specifically for female travellers. Didn't eat at the hotel or use any of the business or leisure facilities so cannot comment.Only minor complaint was at midday checkout on a Sunday there was only one person at reception - avoidable queues.One excellent restaurant nearby is La Poule Au Pot on Ebury street - cosy French restaurant, great food and friendly staffCertainly recommend this hotel and would return if using Gatwick airport.	
May 13 2009 	Very very very noisy	This hotel was selected and pre-paid by my client so I had no choice but to stay here. An entire half of the hotel overlooks Victoria Station! You can hear every announcement over the loud speaker - I am confused as to how no other reviewer mentioned it. Truly atrocious. I asked for a quiet room on the other side of the hotel and this new room is right next to the service elevator with a strange buzzing giant bumble bee sound whenever anyone calls for the elevator - the walls are paper thin. Luckily, I bring sleeping pills when I travel - tonight will be a true test of their potency. I do expect some noise in a busting city but this is over the top. The staff is pleasant and aims to please. The room is freshly decorated and spacious. Breakfast was OK.	
May 12 2009 	very good hotel	The Hesperia London is a beautiful hotel, modern, clean, with spacious rooms and friendly service. The room looked even better than in the website picture, and you know that's quite unusual..The location is very good, just beside Victoria Station, the breakfast served is good. The only downside in my stay was the WIFI, which was not working. I was really satisfied with my stay and will certainly come back and would recommend it. PSA few months ago, I've spent two nights at the Grosvenor Hotel, which is practically in the same location and costs the same price, or maybe more. I ended my review saying that &quot;you probably can get better places at better prices&quot;.. It turned out that I was right.	
Apr 29 2009 	We had to go to Gatwick early so...	...we chose this hotel, to be near Victoria station. In fact, it's a five minute walk from the hotel entrance to the Gatwick express. The staff were very polite, and the room clean and with a view of Victoria station. We couldn't write more, it was just a nice hotel hotel we stayed at for a night. Though, the price was the same with most London hotels (100 euros), as with the much better Millenium in Gloucester, where we had stayed some nights ago.Aris and Alkisti, Athens, Greece	
Apr 29 2009 	Great Location Great Hotel	Booked the room for the London Marathon as it was relatively close to the finish. The staff couldn't have been more helpful, I didn't mind being upsold an upgrade to a superior room, as it was done very well and in fact only cost an extra £10 a night and allowed us to check in at 9.30am. Room was very good and despite having a kingsize bed in wasn't the usual cramped London box. It was very clean and well decorated and I gather that they had recently been refurbished. Equally the corridors and the rest of the hotel were clean and tidy. Couple of points; the water pressure in the shower wasn't that good and the TV stations had been jumbled around which was annoying. I didn't use the breakfast facilities, £30 for 2 I thought it was a tad expensive for a fry up although it was a buffet style. But the bar was pleasant enough. Although not there for the sightseeing it was close (walking distance) to the relevant sites and of course right opposite Victoria Train Station. I didn't use the spa or gym. Would most definitely stay there again, a very affordable bit of 4 Star luxury.	
Apr 22 2009 	Convenient location but not a good value.	The hotel is located just behind the tube/train station at Victora Station. Upon arrival, the bar/restaurant was quite busy with a number of business meetings taking place. Later in our stay we did try the bar and were unimpressed with the reheated appetizers we were presented.We checked in to find an adequate room, much less than I was expecting for the cost. We attempted to use the pool to discover its closed on Fridays, however did try it the next day. The small indoor pool and jacuzzi was set next to the fitness center, which had 3-4 machines. The jacuzzi was luke warm and the showers were cold. We complained and went to our room to shower, only to discover that the water heating issue was affecting the whole hotel. After complaining a second time we were told that the hot water would be available in an hour. Instead of waiting, we checked out and will not return.	
Apr 14 2009 	Convenient Location	The Hotel is very well positioned next to Victoria Station. I followed the directions on the Hotel website and had no problems. There are a couple of steps to go down to the sunken reception which are a bit annoying when carrying luggage. The room was a normal size and I was facing the front which gave an unpleasant view of a recycling, rubbish sorting area. There was a small amount of noise from trucks coming to collect the rubbish and also from the PA system in the train station, but it was infrequent and not too bad. The Hotel seems to be part of a Spainish chain and had Sky TV in order to get some european channels, and had less local channels. It looked like they had BBC1, ITV1 and channel 4. The Adult channel seemed to switch over at night to start showing a montage of scenes from different adult movies as a form was advertising itself. This may offend many people who come in late, start clicking through the channels and wonder what on earth is going on. As additional information, there are 2 West End theatres very close by, lots of food places and a Marks and Spencers store on Bressenden Place across the other side of the Station. Bressenden Place is also a collection point for a budget tour group called Tracks Travel and the Hotel reception had really good brochures for many other tours. There is a local bus called C1 that goes from near the station to Sloan Street close to Harrods. The swimming pool was closed for renovations while I was there.	
Mar 8 2009 	My 18th couldn't have felt any more luxurious!	On the 6th floor. Window overlooked the Victoria overground station, didn't hear a thing. Windows kept the sound out. Black out curtains, great for catching up on sleep during the day! breakfast - incredibly fast service every morning, some things were missing but the waitresses and waiters couldn't wait to help. Rooms in an incredibly clean condition, great comfy bed, sheets and towels changed daily even though we did not ask for that specifically. Entrance to the tube and outdoor station literally just outside the hotel door, Victoria Line is a direct link to Kings Cross and Oxford Street. Close to Billy Elliot and Wicked. Lack of pubs and clubs at night; possibly more to do with our inability to find them if they exist. One thing that I was unhappy with involved the charge for extras before you've even used them. My mother booked two double rooms and per room per night, £40 was charged to her credit card before we even had a say. Why not just fit locks on the mini-bar and charge a deposit for the key? We did not even touch the mini-bar but now have to wait for the refund of £160 to be credited to the credit card. After getting home around 5 hours ago i'm only upset that i'm not still in London! Room service food not too expensive.	
Feb 19 2009 	Great Location beside Victoria Station	My boyfriend had booked this hotel for Valentine's weekend. We arrived at the hotel at about 11pm and were very happy to start off with as it is right beside Victoria train station so it was a 2 min walk after leaving the station having taken the Gatwick express.When we arrived up in the room we were a bit disappointed that the bathrobes that were supposed to be there (my boyfriend had booked a &quot;pink&quot; room which is supposed to include bathrobes and toiletries) were not. When we called reception they just said that they would sort it out the following day. In fairness I probably wouldn't have used it that night anyway but it was more the fact that it was supposed to be there that irritated me.The double bed was very comfortable and the room was clean. The bathroom was quite basic but adequate. I was a bit disappointed that a hotel that claims to be 4 star had 2 showergel/shampoo dispensers (yes, a combined one!) attached to the wall as opposed to separate bottles and to add insult to injury they were completely empty and we had to ask for replacements!.Our room faced out over the train station but we had no problems sleeping although in the morning you could hear that they were making announcements but we couldn't make out what they were saying.The breakfast buffet was excellent and cost £12 +tax but they didn't mention the fact that tax was extra and we only saw that on our bill... a small thing but in fairness tax is usually included in the price in the UK!I thought that staff at reception were fairly efficient about check in and check out.We had no problem leaving our bags in the hotel the day we checked out and collected them in the evening as we had an evening flight back.Overall I would probably recommend this hotel purely on the grounds of its location but was a bit disappointed that it was 3star quality after having expected 4star.	
Feb 18 2009 	nothing special but good location	As advertised looked like new and stylish... nothing like that. Double room small, very hot whith no termostat to regulate the temperature, old bathroom with nothing working properly. Breakfast very average, nothing special. Staff professional, location perfect. Defenitely not good for couples maybe ok for business. Lesson: not trust the pics of the websites.	
Feb 18 2009 	very disappointed	We booked this hotel for our valentines weekend and were extremely disappointed with it. It was our first time in London and the attractions were great but this hotel was appalling.On arrival reception said we had to pay an additional £50 deposit which would be refunded if we didn't use anything in the room but we didn't so the money was refunded. However, they said for breakfast there was a fee yet we had already paid this with a booking agent so we had a dispute over that. They did not look into this and I had to keep chasing for them to do so.The room overlooked the station works which wasn't a great view. The room was very compact. When checking out our invoice stated that it was a double room yet we had ordered a king size room. The air con didn't work. I felt that someone had been in the room when we had gone out in the day - possibly the cleaner but one of the drawers was left open so I didn't feel safe that night.The Reception stated that the pool and sauna was open until 6pm on weekends yet their internet site didn't state that. Their internet site said that after a sightseeing trip day relax in their pool etc. afterwards so if you plan on doing this you need to be back at the hotel before 6.Very disappointed and would never stay here again.	
Jan 15 2009 	Great location	We stayed at this hotel 4 days. We first booked at Victoria Park Plaza, but they canceled our reservation because a group of 30 people came!! They then booked us at Hesperia, and thank god for that. The staff was great; the woman at the reception gave us a room straight away (it was about 9 am when we got there). The room she gave us was great! It was on the 7th floor, with a great view. The bed was soooo comfortable, and it was perfect after long days of walking around in London. The location was perhaps the most perfect thing with this hotel. We were of walking distance to victoria station (took us about a 2 min walk to the train and bus station!!!) Attractions like Big Ben and Buckingham palace were a 15 min walk away :) The breakfast buffet was also great. Especially the ton on fruit :) The only thing was that some of the staff (especially some of the receptionists) didn't talk english very well. But overall, would stay there again every time! :)	
Jan 1 2009	Excellent service	Really enjoyed our stay. Food was excellent , especially the pre theatre dinner which was very good quality , plenty of choice and good value. The staff could not have been more helpful throughout our stay.	
Nov 22 2008 	Okay	I stayed here for business in 2006. The room was very plain and simple.......a modern take on empty I think. The hotel was clean and food was of a good standard, though I only tried the breakfast. The facilities were good. My only problem was there was significant work happening at Victoria station and this made it difficult to sleep. Also MacDonalds unloading thier lorries at 4am was also a disturbance. Apart formthat a good stay.	
Nov 11 2008 	Not as bad as it's made out - we liked it! :)	My boyfriend was exhibiting in the V&amp;A on halloween and so we needed a hotel that was handy for getting back to late at night, and then a good base for us to explore London at the weekend. He booked the hotel and so I had no input in the decision.I travelled to London alone, and went to the hotel to change before the exhibition. Check in was fine and I was really pleased with the room - the bathroom was lovely and the room was a decent size. Ours looked onto Victoria Station, but there was never any bother with the noise. The hotel booked me a taxi to the V&amp;A and I had no problems. When we returned that night we ordered room service, which was expensive (as it usually is in these kind of hotels) but the food was lovely.Our stay at the Hesperia was great. The location was really handy. However, there was one incident that left my boyfriend and I a bit perplexed - he had brought a 'smart' coat and scarf to wear in the evenings, and carried it with his travel bag after the exhibition on Friday night. He and I both remember him taking it off the top of his bag when he arrived in the room and putting it aside. When we were getting ready to go out for dinner on the Saturday night my boyfriend couldn't find his coat or scarf (he'd worn a different one out that day). We turned the room upside down and found it nowhere - I asked him if he was sure he'd not left it elsewhere (beginning to doubt myself, even though I was sure I had seen it in the room) but he was positive he hadn't. We rang reception who said they had a coat and a scarf there - but couldn't tell us where it was found. We were really puzzled, but are still positive he hadn't left it elsewhere and that it HAD been in the bedroom. I would be interested to know if this had happened to anyone else!Victoria was a good location. We ate at the Mango Tree, which was within walking distance had we not taken a wrong turn and got lost!! However we struggled to find somewhere to drink afterwards other than the hotel bar..I loved my weekend in London and would return to this hotel - but look after our coats!	
Nov 7 2008 	Just Fine	We stayed here for three nights last week. The hotel is located very close to the apollo theatre and would be perfect if you were going to see Wicked. We loved the area of Victoria; lots happening with some great bars and restaurants. I would strongly recommend a visit to the Cardinal centre close by. Lots of nice restaurants.The hotel itself was just average to be honest. The rooms are ok, breakfast was ok and the staff were ok. Nothing was excellent in my opinion but it suited our needs. After all, London is mad and you end up spending the majority of your time sightseeing and shopping... well maybe that's just us!The rooms are small but ours was incredibly quiet given the location. I would strongly recommend asking for a room at the rear of the hotel as the front looks directly onto the station. The breakfast was fine if rather strangely organised. There were bacon and sausages at one end of the buffet and then eggs and hash browns at the other with brown and red sauce plonked in the middle where the yoghurt and fruit lived. Very strange! There's plenty of staff though and we never had to wait more than 2 minutes for tea, coffee and toast. The staff in general were again... ok. Not overbrimming with personality but then again not rude... a bit non descript if you ask me. Noone really stood out. The hotel is however in a good location and there are lots of shops, eateries etc. in Victoria station itself to tap into. Loved the Krispy Kreme donuts! I think for me the area exceeded my expectation but the hotel didn't.Would I stay here again? Truthfully, if the rate was good and there were no other alternatives, probably but I wouldn't rush back to be honest. There are probably cheaper alternatives out there.	
Nov 2 2008	Good Value for money	I stayed here for one night on a short trip to London on a weekend. The hotel is located on a quiet street next to Victoria station. The room overlooked the road, and we did not hear any road nose. The room was of good size, with two single beds. If you want a double bed, they simply push the two beds together. The hotel was clean and relatively modern. The hotel was good value for money, and I would stay here again in London.	
Oct 19 2008 	Visitors in the Night	I stay in London at least one night each month and usually at the Jolly St Ermines. They were too expensive last time so I tried the Hesperia - but never again.It cost £153 for bed and breakfast but is nothing at all special in room, atmosphere or food - just the usual drab 'could be just about anywhere' type of hotel.What did make it a memorable stay was being woken up at 12.30 in the morning by someone entering my room and putting the light on! I shouted - they left. I rang reception and it appeared it was a member of staff who had come in. The next morning I complained to the duty manager who dealt with it very badly, eventually offering a 'massive' £7.50 discount for my disturbed night's sleep and intrusion on my privacy. She needn't have bothered - there are plenty of other hotels in London.	
Oct 10 2008 	Ok but nothing special	Enjoyed our stay, we thought that it was in a great location within easy walking distance to all the major attractions and was also extremely easy to find once we had left victoria station. However, although the room was ok and supplied us with all the basic needs we thought that for the price it was pretty standard and not at all worth the cost. With regards to the service we were overall pleased as the room was cleaned every day and we were provided with clean towels, we also had no problem with the hot water which we were expecting due to the complaints that we had read in many reviews. If we were to visit London again we would consider staying at this hotel again but at a cheaper rate.	
Sep 24 2008 	Very Central hotel would recommend it	Stayed in the Hesperia recently for a family weekend. Wonderful central location on Bridge place, 5 minute walk to Victoria tube station or Gatwick Express. Walking distance to Buckingham Palace and many other sites. The rooms were pleasant, normal 3 star. I would recommend this hotel for a weekend in London.	
Sep 3 2008 	OK but .....	My wife and I chose this hotel because it is just across the road from Victoria Station. We spent one night here before travelling to Paris by the Orient Express - WOW !I treated the boss to an Executive Room. Madame was chuffed with the extra bathroom goodies now on her dressing table. Sir was somewhat disappointed in the room - maybe I'm getting too fussy in my old age, but, for example, it was not as good as the 4 star Sofitel at Gatwick wherewe had stayed a couple of months previously. I felt it was tired and could have been better equipped.Perhaps it was the evening meal which really off put us. My salmon starter was overcooked, and the main couse of Lamb Shank suffered the same fate. Even though there were only four other guests present it took rather a long time for each course to appear. My wife quite enjoyed her choice though. But - and it is cruel to do so - compared with the Orient Express it would earn 2 out of 10 !!However they redeemed themselves the next morning with a good selection for a Room Service Continental breakfast at no extra inclusive cost. Nor could we fault the efficient and friendly Reception Staff.The hotel is in an excellent position for getting around London - but do eat elsewhere for your evening meal.....Tony and Hilary IrelandCheltenhamEngland	
Aug 31 2008 	Fabulous Location	This was my first time in London, and we booked this hotel primarly because my company has a corporate rate at this hotel. We landed at Gatwick and took the express train straight to Victoria station (30 GBP return per person and you can buy your ticket right on the train). Exit at Platform 1 from Victoria station and the hotel is right across the street. Our check-in was flawless (it was around 4:00 p.m.) and we got a room on the 3rd floor (executive level) in the rear of the hotel. I read that it is quite noisy from the station, so I requested it, and got it. The room was your standard room, king size bed, (a little too soft for our liking, but we got used to it), a TV (not enough channels, few english, french, german, and arabic), a mini-bar (we received complementary water, and juice from the mini-bar, not sure if that is standard practice, could have been because we were on the executive level). Coffee and tea were also included. The bathroom had the regular toiletries, including a comb, toothbrush and a razor with cream, but no hair conditioner, only shampoo. The bathroom had no fan and the water pressure was very low. We only had breakfast once in the restaurant which was 10GBP if you booked it in advance, or 17GBP if you showed up on the day. It is served weekdays from 6:30 a.m. to 10:30 a.m. and weekends from 7:00 to 11:00 a.m. We never ate dinner nor had drinks at the restaurant so I can't comment on that nor did we use any of the facilities. There is also a complementary newspaper in the lobby. We didn't have any problems with our check-out (10:30 a.m.), but it would have been nice to have an express check-out option, which is something the hotel could add, especially for business travellers.We liked the hotel for the location as well as the price, and if we ever visit London again, will probably stay there again. I would advise people to ask for a room in the rear, and try and get the executive level on the 3rd floor.	
Jul 27 2008 	No hot water 	The Hesperia is very easy to find being located right next to Victoria Train Station. Check in seemed to take forever, over 5 mins each, and I'm not sure why as for about 4 of those mins they didn't seem to be actually doing anything.The room itself was clean and tidy with all the usual bobbins of a London business hotel. The room also had a big(ish) LCD TV an a number of free TV channels (including Adult channel). The bathroom was clean and tidy and had the usual complimentary toiletries. However, in the morning there was NO hot water at all for a shower, not ideal ahead of a days worth of meetings and travelling!!!Breakfast in the morning was better than average with a full hot and cold selection including some rather nice cold meat and cheeses (much better than other hotels).Check out took over half an hour which for a central London hotel where people have to be places is just ridiculous. There was no express check out facility and as a result I was 20 mins late for a meeting. One of my colleagues complained about the hot water situation and was told to leave the queue and speak to the duty manager who advised as it was only off for 15 mins (I don't believe that to be true!!) they could offer no compensation. The duty manager would not complete the check out process leaving my colleague stranded and having to push back into the front of the queue.A nice hotel but simply wouldn't stop there again due to the problem and how it was (or wasn't!!) handled!!	
Jul 24 2008 	Service Disgraceful	Stayed at the Hesperia as an alternative to the truely awful Bromley Court as had to work in Bromley for a couple of days. The rooms and the hotel were all fine, pretty average really. The problem came when I woke up in the morning to find there was no hot water in the room at all. When I called reception to query this there was no answer. Like most office workers (I'm sure many stay in this hotel) I did not have time to sit around in my room waiting to see if the hot water would return, so I endured a cold shower.When I advised reception of this they weren't in the slightest bit interested. I explained that a hot shower is a pretty basic requirement for a 4 star hotel and suggested that they refunded an amount of £14.10, which was the cost of a round of drinks that appeared on the bill. They did not have the authority to refund such a small amount and had to call the duty manager.When the extremely curt duty manager appeared to look down his nose at me he explained that the hot water had been off for only fifteen minutes (no way, at LEAST 40 minutes!) and as such it was hotel policy that NO refund or discount could be given as it was unavailable for less than an hour. I explained that office workers could not sit around for an hour waiting to see if the hot water would return. He was as unconcerned as the reception staff and advised there was nothing he could do.As my company were paying the bill and not me I reluctantly paid full price for a room in a 4 star hotel that could not even provide a hot shower. Had it have been my own money I would have walked out and invited them to write to me!In addition to this I found out today that they overcharged the card by £120.00 and could not offer any explanation for this other than the receptionist must have made a mistake.So in summary the hotel itself is ok, but the service is non-existant and If anything goes wrong expect to still pay full price!	
Jul 17 2008 	Decent Central Hotel	Having tried a number of central London hotels and having an appointment near Victoria I thought I would give the Hesperia a go. Having read some of the comments on here however I was a bit apprehensive but wasn’t disappointed.The location of the hotel is ideal for business travellers and tourists alike and backs right onto Victoria Station. I arrived quite late at night and must say I was given a warm welcome by the lady on reception which makes a nice change for London (She was Australian which may explain this!). I was checked in very quickly and took the lift up to my room. The hotel is generally well kept and I found the room very clean and in good order. I know some people have moaned about the decorating but I actually quite liked the colours. The bit I was worried about was the noise from the station. Indeed I could see Victoria station and the dirty dustbins from my Window, not a pleasant view. The noise however wasn’t really a problem. I hard the odd announcement but it didn’t keep me awake at night.Whilst there as I arrived late I ordered some room service. It soon became clear that despite being a Spanish hotel, the rip off London tag still applies. £12 for a tiny crayfish wrap and £4 for a bottle of mineral water! Still it was okay but really this is taking liberties.I also had breakfast in the hotel and found this to be quite good with plenty of choice from a self service buffet.Upon checkout I encountered very long queues with a wait of about twenty minutes to get served. This was partly caused by having four desks but only two people serving, not a good policy at the busiest part of the day. Despite that the staff member was very friendly and courteous as were all the staff I encountered. I never tried the leisure facilities so can not comment on them. One final observation I made was the prices for people coming in off the street, in the region of £360 per night for a standard room, (my company paid £120) now it is not worth that much!On the whole this is a reasonable hotel ideal for a few nights in London but nothing particularly special.	
Jun 29 2008 	Great hotel	Our stay was for the weekend, to see a show ( Billy Elliot)My husband booked this hotel due to its location to the train station and the theater.After reading the reports on here about the noise from the platforms of the station i have to admit i was dreading it as iam a light sleeper.Upon arrival we expected to b turned away as we were 3hrs early for check in, but we were checked in no problem.I asked the receptionist about the noise levels and she told me we would be on the 7th floor and we sholud be ok,she offered us a room on the 1st floor but i thought it would be better away from the added street noise so we stayed with our allocated room.The rooms are nice for London i have to say i was impressed apart from the weird bathroom door.1- its glass, not totally frosted either2-there is a gap along the bottom on the doorand3-there was no lock or handle so it just closes to !! Its a good job we r married and comfortable with each other !We unpacked and i could hear the announcements,just, and i dreaded the nightime coming,however i did take earplugs to help.After the show we had tapas (not hot,luke warm) and drinks in the bar, the tv was on silently but the program was awfull, not something you want to see whilst relaxing in a bar on a saturday night, i would recommend they just turn in off, as the music is ambient.Bedtime came and............. I slept, i heard nothing,lucky me i didnt need the earplugs. so if you want to sleep well go higher up the hotel.The breakfast was the best iv ever had in a hotel, lots of choice hot and cold and good quality, it will take some beating anywere other than an all inclusive 5* hotel,we were very impressed.All in all i would totally recommend this hotel if u r seeing a show close by.	
Jun 9 2008 	4 stars and rightly so	My partner and I have just returned from a weekend in London booked as a package with show and stay. We went to see the musical 'Wicked' at the Apollo Theatre Victoria and stayed at the Hesperia Victoria Hotel. I have stayed in many hotels all over the world, some of which advertise as four star but in reality are more like two star. The Hesperia is a four star hotel and rightly so. Our stay there was excellent. The staff are friendly and helpful and the room was clean, comfortable and contained all the traveller would be likely to need on a weekend stay. The hotel is decorated in a contemporary design with the lounge area downstairs being very comfortable with large leather sofas and arm chairs. We had breakfast booked as part of our deal and were genuinely impressed with the fayre. There was a large selection catering for all tastes and all the food was presented beautifully and cooked to perfection. The hotel has a small swimming pool, sauna and gym for those of you who like to stay active and all facilities were in excellent condition and very clean. The only downside was the price of drinks in the bar - over £3 for a small coffee and beer was nearly £5 per small bottle (in the mini bar) but this is probably normal for a central London hotel. The hotel is ideally placed; Victoria train and tube stations are a short walk away and getting to anywhere in London is incredibly easy from this location - highly recommended.	
Apr 13 2008 	An ok hotel	This hotel is right opposite Victoria Station and so if your room is on the front of the hotel it will be noisy. We could clearly hear the platform announcements. I slept fine but my partner was kept awake by the noise. Our children had a room at the rear and they were fine.The rooms are fine for a central London hotel. Nice products. No robes. There is a small pool, hot tub and gym. After a hard day shopping the pool and hot tub were very welcome. Not luxurious but enjoyable.We ate in the restaurant. My partner ordered Sea Bream which was not cooked. The waitress dealt with this quickly and efficiently. She offered a complimentary replacement and a glass of wine. He chose fillet steak to replace the fish. He requested medium rare but it was very well done. However, the chocolate fondant was gorgeous.Breakfast was fine with a reasonable buffet. The train and tube station being opposite was very convenient for another day of shopping!	
Mar 10 2008 	THIRD VISIT	How guests can complain about this hotel is beyond me, a friend and me have just had another great weekend doing the shows and stayed again at The Hesperia, the bedroom and bathroom were sparkingly clean, the staff friendly and helpful and the breakfast was superb with really hot plates to eat off. A request for two more pillows was dealt with in five minutes. We have stayed at some of the top hotels in London costing three times the rate, they all had noise and dustbins outside, do not listen and look, if you have had a full day in the city sleep comes easy. Another weekend is planned and we will be going back to The Hesperia.Maggie and Jan Peterborough.	
Feb 12 2008 	great location	excellent location less than 5 mins from Victoria underground/ train station. hair dryer in room did not work. maintenance provided a working one withing 15 mins of complaint. view was over a recycling centre which was not the best. With the window open you could hear the announcements from the station.room was clean bed were comfy.great location for Appollo theatre.	
Feb 12 2008 	Disappointing from this normally good chain	I was actually waiting for someone to turn up from Gatwick to Victoria station but they were severly delayed so I booked in here as it was Bl00dy freezing outside!..The room was hot and had a smoky smell about it, the bathroom was decidely average compared to other Hesperia's I have seen (mostly in Spain)In London you generally do not get an awful lot for your money, particularly around the central area where this place is. For location it's great, but with the staff wearing lurid pink shirts and the TV's not working this place is an assault on the senses.The Park Plaza round the corner looks a lot better.	
Feb 5 2008 	Hot rooms noisy awful food	I know this hotel is overpriced for its great location, and that cant be faulted - the rooms were incredibly noisy with no soundproofing at all. There was a disco downstairs in the hotel while I was there till 3am and I heard every single beat and sound - not what you want to pay for. Breakfast was just a disaster, a ridiculous system making guests wait in another room fuming while they watch empty tables sit unused for 15minutes. Oh and the shower in the morning, there was a dribble, literally, of hot scalding water. Enough to put on shower gel and then it stopped - leaving you burnt and covered in soap with no way to wash it off. An irritating stay all round.	
Jan 13 2008 	Don't change but don't hurry	It's not that this hotel is bad enough to make you want to change, it's just not very good (and, as others have pointed out, especially when you have the Victoria Park Plaza just round the corner which is in just as convenient location). But back to the Hesperia.The rooms are a good size (although my room too overlooked the rubbish bins at the side of Victoria station), and the (hotel- and mini-) bar popular and well-stocked. The room too was clean and the beds comfortable. I think the main problem though is that this is a property with a distinctly Spanish flavour. I don't mean that in any way pejoratively, it's just different. For example, there was a bizarre mosaic above the bed; the attached photo of the lamp-shade at a (shall we call it gaudy) angle is supposed to be like that - it's not broken. All these little changes add up to a difference in service standard - especially when the staff on reception have difficulty in understanding you - that makes for an unwelcome ambience in parts of the hotel and not a great place to stay.Go there if you're getting a good deal, don't make a great effort to change if you're concerned, but don't make a beeline. It's OK, no better, no worse.	
Jan 7 2008 	Not Impressed	I booked this hotel for my parents 70th birthday and arranged for 8 relatives to come over from Dublin and also booked them rooms so 6 rooms in total and they all faced Victoria Station and the rubbish heaps outside. The room decor was grey and off white uninviting. Every room was the same , no wardrobe just a mirror with a rail, and an horrific smell from the drains. The lighting was dismal and the whole room was depressing. On a good note the breakfast was included and was fine, although there was a large queue for the toast every morning i think the temperature was too low, but no one seemed to know as the staff speak little english being a spanish hotel. Very convenient for the Victoria Station but hotel would not get taxis for you they ask you to walk outside and get your own!!!I thought the entrance could have been more festive for the time of year and was even more gutted when I seen the original hotel i was going to book the Park Plaza Victoria fantastic hotel. For the same price I would recommend the Park Plaza far more superior and in exact same location without the sights of the rubbish tip of station. I never bothered to ask to exchange my room as they would have had to exchange all 6 a large task indeed to put on anyone. So I was disapointed more for the irish than myself who had been told was a 4 star luxury hotel.	
Jan 3 2008	hotel at victoria Heperia	Stayed 10 nights there.Was very happy at the hotel.Very good location to travel,good breakfast, friendly staff.rooms not as big as in USA but normal for london.would stay again.rack rates high but lot of promotions.	
Dec 19 2007 	Great location comfortable hotel	Location here is great; right next to Victoria station. The room was very comfortable as well. Desk staff was friendly. The buffet breakfast was not included with our room; we found it expensive but very good, with a good selection. Overall, we were very satisfied with this hotel.	
Nov 19 2007 	Never Again Not A Four Star	Stayed at this hotel November 1st for 3 nights.The location is great, that is about all I can say.There was no hot water for 3 days. We called constantly, we were in an Executive room and no hot water. Had to shower at our friend's hotel 5 minutes away. They could not move us, hotel sold out. We tried early AM, lunch time and dinner, no hot water.When we returned to room first day, and opened the hotel door the door frame fell off. Carpenters were working in the hallway all day long and the noise was unreal, the air guns, etc. We could not hear any street noise from the 3rd floor in the back, but the inside hotel noise was terrible. Called front desk, and they offered to replace door frame next door. We had to sleep one night with no secured door.The breakfast was very good, but for the price you could do better. In US dollars it was a 35.00 a day breakfast, and not worth that price.As to sights, the hotel staff could not assist us. The language problem was a real barrier, they are spanish and had a hard time with English. We asked for a cab several times and it did not show. Finally the day we were leaving the concierage ran out and got us one from the main street and rode back with him. We knew it was about 10GBP ride to Waterloo Station, and when we got there we were told it was 20GBP because it was an arranged ride. I refused to pay it, and I called the hotel to complain. I think the concierage and the cabbie are running a little business on the side.Get your own cab and do so from the main street, near the Apollo Theatre.The check in process is to long. We had to wait at least 15 minutes to check in, language problem and there is no where in the lobby to sit. You only have a marble floor and no chairs. Also when you come into the hotel, there are steps going down to check in and to the elevators and you have to drag your luggage down all the steps to check in. The concierage would not help with luggage and after check in, we were given a luggage rack to roll our own luggage upstairs. No customer importance here.WI FI in rooms, would not stay on. Kept kicking us off and they changed the log in number and password every day. Apparently they don't trust their patrons and you have to keep calling down to get a new password and user ID.Hotel bar-- stopped in there after the theatre for a drink. Be prepared a margarita and a beer were 30.00 US dollars. That is high. That is no food, just the drinks and the bartender helped me carry it upstairs.There were many more minor issues, the lifts were slow and a few people got stuck in them for up to 15 minutes.I would not recommend this hotel. I think it is a health issue as to the water problems. We saw many other hotels in the area that were as close and are getting better ratings on Trip Adviser.Hope this all helps.	
Oct 16 2007 	Would stay somehwere else next time	The hotel's location was nice as it was walking distance to restaurants and shops. It was close to the Victoria Bus Station which was convenient. The hotel's appearance is nice and our room was clean. I didn't notice any noise being so close to the train station. However, we ran in to some problems while staying here. The a/c did not work very good. It was hot in our room. I am a type of person who gets cold easily and the room was still warm. We called the front desk 3 times to get this issue resolved. The room did a get a little cooler but it was still not working the way the a/c should be. In addition, one of the elevators in the hotel got stuck while we were in it! It may have taken 10-15 mins to get out of there but it really made me nervous. The hotel staff was not very apologetic either. We also paid $30/person for a hot breakfast at the hotel. If I ever go back I will not choose this hotel again.	
Oct 10 2007 	Dumpster's don't do it at $200+/night	Don't do it. There are better options out there. Stayed for two days based upon reviews. Proximity to Victoria Station, shopping and sights were good as advertised. No one mentioned, however, that the Hotel is on a side street behind Victoria Station overlooking the train stations recycling and dumpsters. Our first night there we were up all night as train personnel worked through the night breaking glass and moving dumpsters around. Non-Stop glass crashing. The smell outside the hotel wasn't the best either for obvious reasons. The rooms were okay but if I had to do it over again, I'd have stayed at 1 of the 2 Comfort Inn's that were two blocks away on quiet side streets, cheaper, and just as convenient to the sights. Also wasn't a huge fan of the personnel that had a hard time communicating or the $30 breakfast &quot;Deal&quot; they had....whoopee!!	
Oct 7 2007 	Modern hotel in a convienent location	Just outside Victoria Train station I was pleasantly surprised to find the Hesperia hotel modern, clean, and most importanltly quiet. The morning buffett is a bt pricey but considering the quality and selection it's good value for money. The rooms are tastefully decorated with modern furnishings. The bathrooms are huge lovely DEEP full size bath tubs. The hotel as wi-fi internet and I was able to connect in both my room and the lobby/bar area. For having booked the Hesperia the day before checking in I really hit the jackpot in terms of value for money and location. I would stay here again without hesitation.	
Sep 20 2007	loved it	I have just stayed at this hotel and the hotel is in a great place near victoria train station and next to the huslte of london streets around. The staff are warming and always smiling and they are happy to help you in any way poss. The room we had was great and had all the mod comms of what you would expect in the room even a expensive mini bar.  Breakfast is buffet style but you do get to pick what you want to eat and most of it is hot! But if you want fried eggs you do have to ask at no extra cost.For the price we paid for the hotel it was worth while and a good weekend break. This hotel is a must.	
Sep 19 2007 	Good quality good location	Good location...I asked for and got a back room ..it was nice and quiet. Bathroom smelt of sewage (not uncommon in other hotels I stayed at) but rest was clean. Bed sloped outwards on both sides...not that comfortable. Staff efficient but not overly friendly. Handy location for Palace and walking to Piccadilly. A bit rough at nite ouitside the station. Minded bags happily for late departure. I paid 118 pound.	
Sep 11 2007 	Credit when credits due?	This hotel was booked for me by the company I work for, through their London hotel agent. The price was £78 bed and breakfast paid in full, in advance, by credit card. I was given a voucher to present to the hotel on arrival. I arrived at about 22:00 and was dealt with by the receptionist who was polite and friendly. Things started to go wrong when she asked to swipe my credit card. I refused to do this as the room had been paid for in advance, by a different card obviously. She then said I had to offer a card or pay a bond in cash up front! So, I asked to see the manager. After she had a conversation with the manager in the back room, which I could clearly hear, the manager came to the reception desk and told me the same story. I refused again, stating that the room had been paid for in advance and if I did require any other services I would gladly pay for them at the time. He then proceeded to lecture me about 4 star European hotels and the procedures that the customer must follow, which apparently is to cover any theft/damages the customer may make. Very patronizing, I believe I should be treated with respect, not as an expectant thief or vandal. I still refused and he reluctantly gave me my keycard with the parting comment, that “we have your company address and we will write to them about you&quot;. The room was clean, though the hot water took a long time to come through at 06:40am. The airconditioning fan was quite loud even on the minimum setting.The single bed was comfortable but I think they over hype the LCD screen. After all, it’s just a flat screen TV with far from perfect reception quality, though it did have a working remote control. The kettle and tea making facilities were in a cupboard neatly hidden away. I had room 119 at the front of the building. It overlooks Victoria railway station, with a car park, trains, beer barrels and rubbish compactors as the all inclusive view.The noise was present for most of the night. Deliveries to the hotel also come in through the front so be warned. I believe another reviewer advised asking for a room at the rear if you want peace and quiet. The building is neighboured by office blocks and the UK Passport service building. When I went to breakfast on the next morning there was no record that I had breakfast included, but the waiter said he would look into the error. I did enjoy breakfast. It is a self service buffet with all the usual items, including black pudding, with other items available to order. On my second mornings visit to breakfast I was included on the computer printout with no further problem. The location is handy for the railway station, on that there is no doubt whatsoever. But it is hardly what I would describe as a &quot;4 star luxury&quot; location.  If the reception staff are following Hesperia company guidelines about the &quot;security deposit&quot;, then I feel this is certainly a backward step for the hotel trade, especially at this level. The advertised rate was on the reception board at £245 per night. Does anyone actually pay this I wonder!?	
Sep 5 2007	Undeserving of such a high rating...	It must be a complete fluke that this Hesperia rates 110 out of 1004 hotels in London. We recently spent a week there and while is was perfectly acceptable it should not carry such a high rating. We chose this hotel based on trip advisor's high ratings and we had a fairly mixed experience. Don't just read the &quot;wonderful&quot; &quot;great&quot; &quot;exceptional&quot; reviews. (As I did). Read the mixed reviews or critical or bad reviews to get a realistic picture of this hotel.The room was attractive but small and lacking in amenities. When we arrived I noticed there was some icky black stuff around the tub (while it might be alright in one's own home it is NOT acceptable in a hotel), (!) and while I've rarely complained in a hotel about something like this I did so immediately, fearing that I'd be nauseated everytime I showered or bathed. They were nice about it and apologized profusely, and if you hang around the reception desk for any amount of time you'll hear this same apology over and over again. Apparently lots of guests call down to complain about things in this hotel. A &quot;manager&quot; showed up in the room, spent a while inspecting the bathroom and even tried to do some cleaning, but to no avail. (It actually made me feel better that is was more of a &quot;stain' than simple dirt). He said it would absolutely be taken care of the next day. (I would try covering it with paint, quite frankly). It was never taken care of and I didn't complain again, having gotten used to it after a day or two.The beds are not particularly comfortable and the sheets are weird (see other reviews). In this day and age in the US at least, for this price most hotels compete over who has the nicest sheets and duvets. No duvets here; no robes either.The consierge service was fairly poor. Once when we asked for a taxi we were instructed to just go outside and find one. Another time we called down for a taxi that we needed in half an hour and they told us to just ask for one when we came down. Since they were also in the business of selling tours at the consierge desk we had the sense that we couldn't totally trust them to give us the most objective information. They seemed annoyed and put out about having to draw us a map. There was no comparison to other consierge services at other hotels that we've used, where the consierge's have seemed truly happy to help us and give us the most complete and comprehensive information, looking up information and printing it out for us with barely a promt or half formed question on our part. At the Hesperia is was like pulling teeth, or simply seemed that we were bothering the consierge who had better things to do (and who often wasn't even at his post).Breakfast: When we checked in they tried to lock us into a 10 pound a day buffet breakfast for the duration of our stay. Since 10 pounds is about $25 American it seemed like we could do better on our own. At small places in the area that cater to locals you can do much better (but these aren't that easy to find). At Victoria Station, which is across the street you can do better at starbucks types of places, but the restaurants in the station are just as expensive and even ruder than the Hesperia. We ate at the Hesperia once (for about 15 pounds since we no longer qualified for cheaper rate) and since we arrived at close to 11 AM we were told that we could eat breakfast but we'd have to do so quickly since breakfast was about to end. (A family argument ensued, since that was not the most pleasant way to start the day, but since we had slept in and gotten such a late start it was decided that we would bite the bullet and stay). The coffee was awful, and quite frankly undrinkable. The spread looked very nice and we quickly piled our plates up since they were packing up as we were piling on. The food was so-so. At one point I had to get up and ask a server for ketchup since they had already cleared it away and she seemed a bit annoyed about the request. Perhaps they should have just told us we arrived too late.A couple of times when we got back to the hotel late, were exhausted, and hadn't eaten dinner yet, we ordered room service. The food wasn't bad but there were some annoying things: Once the soup was delivered half empty having sloshed all over the bowl. (Very good tomato soup). The waitress noticed it, commented on it, and then just took her tip and left. I had to call down and ask for a replacement. I also asked for a bucket of ice (ice was only available on two floors of the hotel and we were at least two floors away from the closest one). The person I spoke to on the phone told me that I should get the ice myself. (Excuse me!) (Another time room service sent it graciously).When I went out to get the ice I used the stairs since our room was far away from the elevators and in the staircase you see the seedier side of the Hesperia. You see the hotel before the renovation (or should I say the cover up?). A hotel staffer found me there (there seemed to be janitorial type offices there) and seemed concerned, helpful, alarmed (I'm not sure) and pointed me in the direction of the elevators. We never made it to the pool and spa so I can't say how nice or not they were.There is no lobby to speak of, only the bar lounge. So if a teenager wants to sit while a parent takes care of business it is a little awkward.When ordering room service there were no soft drinks on the menu, which I assumed meant we were supposed to use our in room bar which was very expensive for teeny weeny bottles. (Apparently the UK has a size bottle that I've never seen in the US. It was so small that it was barely more than two shot glasses full of liguid. Cute, but not very practical, since at least two are needed to quench the average thirst). We did, occassionally, buy them in a thirsty pinch but a better bet is to go to one of the small supermarkets in Victoria Station and get soft drinks to go. Also, there you can find some very good packaged salads (gourmet-ish) and sandwiches which were much better than most pre-packaged supermarket take-out meals. No real &quot;fridge&quot; to speak of (just the mini-bar)......there was no place to freeze anything (I like to freeze water bottles in the summer). There was no in-room iron, but rather a strange pants-pressing thing that I couldn't figure out).The location is excellent, both for the theater (GO SEE BILLY ELLIOT!) and for Victoria Station. We used the tube all the time, and not the rail, but it would have been easy to catch a train from our base at the Hesperia.The few times we took taxis, the drivers did not know what we were talking about when we said the Hesperia, across the street from Victoria Station. One chuckled and said he thought we had mis-information. It seems that this used to be a Holiday Inn or something or other. Also, if you say BEHIND the Victoria Station (the street address didn't seem to help since it isn't on a recognisable street) you have a better bet of having the driver figure out where you want to go. (One driver gave us a lecture because we didn't have the exact address and he told us the importance of always carrying the address and phone number of our hotel. It didn't seem necessary: the hotel was right there: right across the street from Victoria Station on Bridge Place! The room keys that we carried didn't have the info. that the taxi driver wanted, either.Four star? Hard to believe. Acceptable? Yes.I'm sorry I didn't see the pool. That might either make this place exceptional or at least simply worthy of its' four start rating.When and if we return we will probably look first for another hotel in this same area. We really liked being so close to Victoria Station, although perhaps we'd like being just as close to other tube or rail stations --- which there are a number of, in London. If we can't find one in our price range, we would return to the Hesperia, after carefully reading and re-reading all the reviews here. The interior design IS nice, so that's a plus. You feel like you're staying in a clean, fresh, place. Just don't look too closely or else you'll be put off by the cheapness of the renovation and by other things which I didn't look too closely at so I can't report. Since averages can be tricky and reviews confusing, I'd seriously study the travel &quot;deals&quot; out there and compare them to TripAdvisor's reviews before settling on a hotel. I checked and cross-checked when booking our trip and was so appalled by rates of four and five and seven hundred out of a thousand that I jumped at the Hesperia (a few other hotels in this price range were as highly rated but were all supposedly in &quot;out of the way&quot; places. I would re-consider how &quot;out of the way&quot; these places are as long as they are close to a tube station. While the Hesperia was acceptable and not in the class of &quot;we've got to check out of here immediately, no matter how much money we lose&quot; catagory, we stayed, and I'm trying to give a fair and balanced and honest review. HOWEVER, the Hesperia really doesn't live up to the usual 3 and 4 star hotels I'm used to staying at. I don't see myself as overly picky: I've even liked hotels where on occassion a staff person was rude or a housekeeper wassn't perfect or we didn't immediately get what we asked for. The only time I have ever asked for a room change was in a US hotel where we smelled fire, the manager agreed with our assessment of the smell, and said he didn't know where it orignated, nor could the problem be solved until the next day. I'm simply trying here to give a more full and comprehensive review of what a stay at the Hesperia is really like.The Hesperia's internet is excruciating slow and annoying (you have to keep re-logging on using a long username and password) and the TV channels are awful, which was probably a good thing: it kept my teenager from even turning on the TV after a while.Their wake up service was messed up! There was a recording that said &quot;If you'd like a call back in ten minutes press any button&quot; and even when we didn't press a button they called us back and back and back and back until we'd finally take the phone off the hook. The one or two times we pressed the button bec. we wanted to be called back, we weren't. They seemed to be aware that this service was whack (spelling?) because on our day of departure for a fairly early flight they called us directly (a person, actually) to ask if we had received our wake up call.They also got us a taxi for the airport which we had asked for the night before. No questions, no &quot;go out on the street and find one yourself.&quot; The taxi was there before we were.So..........you decide. And enjoy wonderful London. We did.	
Aug 28 2007 	Great location excellent beds	We booked this hotel as part of a theatre package, but would definately book there again independently. The hotel is not very old and the location was terrific, just behind Victoria for underground, buses etc. so I would book again if I was doing more sightseeing. It is a 4* and it deserves to be. The room was smart, very clean and when we reported that the bedside lamp wasn't working someone came to repair it within 15 minutes. The bathroom was superb, shower great and extremely clean. Didn't go much on the Aloe Vera shower gel, the smell was yucky!! There was not a view from the window as we were at the back and just looked at the back of other hotels or offices, but it wasn't too bad. Air conditioning was perfect. The beds were the most comfortable I've ever been on and there was a range of pillows to choose from if you weren't happy with the ones they gave you. The breakast was buffet style and the food didn't stay hot for very long but the choices were plentiful. I chose a Spanish Omlette as there is a great Spanish influence throughout the hotel. Staff were helpful and polite.	
Aug 28 2007 	Quality	A fine, clean, quality hotel with the staff very good (although mostly Spanish), Clean rooms and a Excellent Breakfast. Late bar stayed open until 1am. The hotel is posistioned right next to Victoria Station with plenty of shops nearby and only a 15 minute bus ride to the West End. Proper Hotel cost was £275 per night but on there own website can get it for £138 (No Breakfast). But they have a guarantee, if you can beat the price they will match it &amp; upgrade your room to a excecutive room. I eventually paid £98 Including breakfast, chocolate, juice and water just by checking the web sites.	
Aug 12 2007 	A good hotel at a reasonable price in a great location	I spent two nights at the Hesperia and have to say that considering it was one of the cheapest four star hotels available that weekend, it was a great place to stay. Clean with friendly and helpful staff (we asked for some extra sheets and glasses at reception and they turned up in minutes) and in a great central location right next to victoria station I can heartily recommend this as a place to stay. We had a room at the back which is currently a bit of a building site, and didn't suffer from any issues with noise that some other reviewers have noted, though I can guess it might be a bit noisier during the week. Overall a bargain compared to other London hotels	
Aug 9 2007 	Fantastic experience	My husband and I stayed at the Hesperia for 4 nights from 7/27-7/31.We were pleasantly surprised when we checked in at 10:00 am following a long overnight flight from Miami and were immediately offered our room. The room was large with two double beds on the 4th floor facing Victoria Station. I was concerned about train and street noice but did not hear any noise at all. Our air conditioning worked beautifully. I really liked the shower will the full shower curtain so we didn't flood the bathroom. We loved this location because it is directly across the street from Victoria Station and the Underground. There were lots of places to eat -both fast food-English style and American style(McDonalds) and sit down restaurants up stairs. This was a much cheaper option than most restaurants which were very expensive. There is also a mini mall and lots of little grocery stores with great sandwiches and healthy salads. The variety of potato chips were facinating- ham, chicken and prawn flavored chips- we liked them all. Wine and liquor is also available. The hotel is within walking distance--10 minutes of Buckingham Palace and about 10-15 minutes from Westminster Abbey. The double decked tourist buses were just in the front of Victoria station. Two years ago we stayed at the Holiday Inn Kensington Forum and we found Hesperia to be more convenient, larger and cheaper. I made my reservations at Hotels.com and got really great rates. This the the place we will stay on any future trips to London. I would like to say a special thanks to the Concierge, Moucharem Gkertsek, who was outstanding in his assistance to us. He is truly and asset to anyone staying at the Hesperia.DD	
Jul 26 2007 	Great hotel for the price	Stayed at this hotel for two nights during a theatre trip to London with some friends and family. Centrally located right next to Victoria Station. Rooms were very spacious and modern. Beds were very comfortable. Breakfast was one of the best I've ever had in a hotel and well worth the extra money. Did not eat dinner in the hotel as there were plenty of restaurants and bars in Victoria to choose from.I agree with the other reviewer about the noise from the train station though as our room was at the front of the hotel. It didn't bother us too much as we were up early in the mornings anyway but definitly ask for a room at the back of the hotel if you can. Besides this I could not fault the hotel to be quite honest.I would definitely stay here again if I return to London. the only other hotel I stayed at in London was Jurys Clifton Ford Hotel, and I thought the Hesperia far outshone it in terms of value for money and standard of accomodation.	
Jul 7 2007 	Met expectations	We stayed at the Hesperia for our family vacation in early July. Since we traveled with our very curious toddler, we did not want to pay much more than US$200/night for a tiny non-air conditioned room with peeling wallpaper and dingy floors. We also wanted a large private bath and a location close to public transportation and many tourist attractions. After researching hotels for over a month, we decided on booking a standard double room at the Hesperia using a discount online booking agency and overall the hotel met our expectations.Good: Great location across the street from Victoria station within walking distance of Buckingham Palace, Westminster and the Tate Britain. We had a quiet spacious room facing the back with a large double bed, good sized bathroom with a strong shower. Breakfast was excellent (included in our rate). Housekeeping, concierge and front desk staff were attentive, and the restaurant staff was very friendly. Air conditioning was quite effective at cooling our room. Free wireless internet access in our room was easy to use. Other positives were the nice toiletries, an in-room safe, the LCD TV with many channels, and complimentary coffee, tea and hot chocolate.Bad: As other reviewers have commented, the front desk had difficulty understanding our pillow choice request and housekeeping figured it out after bringing the wrong pillows. One day housekeeping forgot to empty our bathroom trash and another day they replaced our drinking glasses with obviously used dirty glasses. When checking in, the front desk asked if we would like a paper but did not mention they would be charging 65p for each weekday and 2 pounds for the Sunday paper, so I was quite surprised at the over 5 pound (that's over US$10) charge for 5 papers when I checked out.I would recommend this hotel, and I would stay at the Hesperia London Victoria again.	
Jul 5 2007 	Don't get a room at the front!	This was my second visit, my last review I gave a 4. It's still convenient, bright and modern but this time I experienced some problems:It seems that last time housekeeping hadn't &quot;accidentally&quot; forgotten to put a mattress cover or base sheet on. Apparently, that's what they do. So, you see the top of the bare mattress where your pillow is and then have a flimsy sheet on top. You are expected to lay on that sheet with a duvet on top of you. My solution? Grab the duvet off the other bed and lay on top of that. Doesn't strike me as being a very hygenic way of making the beds!Had a meal in the restaurant and it was pretty empty. However the service was very inattentive. I had to call the waiter over for more drinks, the desert menu, coffee, the bill etc. Not very proactive.Finally, and the worst. If you do stay here you MUST request a room at the back of the hotel. At the front you overlook the station which isn't too bad. However, you also overlook the station bin/garbage area. They work on this until midnight. Scraping the floors, shouting, beep beeping machines. They then start all over again at 6am. Aaargh!	
Jul 4 2007 	Good location but it lacks a little warmth and character	We chose this hotel due to it's location which was good. It is clean, modern and fresh inside but didn't really offer any personality at all. Staff were polite but again, didn't extend themselves with welcoming warmth. The beds were comfortable and the room was satisfactory.	
Jun 15 2007 	We liked it	Stayed for the weekend, reserved a twin but found on arrival we had been allocated a double, the staff's English wasn't that good but they sorted it out fairly quickly. The room was situated on the 5th floor over looking the train station but the noise from the station was negligable. The room was modern, quite spacious, the beds were a good size and very comfortable. The bathroom was a good size, with a power shower. We didn't use the restaurant or any of the other facilities at the hotel so cannot comment on them. The hotel is excellently located for the tube, only a couple of stops from the Westend. We parked in the carpark of the station which was close to the hotel and cost £40 for the weekend. We enjoyed our stay at the hotel and would stay there again.	
Jun 4 2007 	Fantastic	Yes Location Location LocationThis hotel was much better than I expected, the rooms where well kitted out and clean. there were nice little touches in the bathroom like a shaving kit and comb as well as the usual soap and shampoos.It looked like the room has been newly refurbished and was very modern with a flat screen telly with a few sky channels.We did not eat there but the restaurant looked nice and very clean. Bar prices for London were fantastic £2.30 for a gin and tonic.The Swimming pool and Health suite was a little dated and could do with a refurbishment but where can you find a hotel with facilities just behind Victoria Station.We actually paid £100 a night which i was happy with i don't think i would pay any more.Staff were very friendly and we would definately stay there again	
May 31 2007 	Location Location Location	This hotel is easily accessible to all attractions and sites in London because the hotel is steps away from the Victoria Rail and Tube station. We arrived in England from Gatwick Airport and took the Gatwick Express Train into London which was a quick 30min (nonstop) ride to the Victoria Station. The hotel staff was very helpful and kind. The accommodations were standard, but comfortable, except for the room temperature. The weather outside was quite cool, requiring a light jacket and sweater to stay comfortable, just the opposite of our sauna that we had for a room. We mentioned the heat to the staff and they suggested to keep the window closed in order for the air conditioning to work, but this didn’t help a bit. We had to remove most of our clothing when entering the room during our restbreaks from site seeing. The only relief we got from the heat was in the evening, as the cool London air filled up the room with the window open. Overall I would still recommend this hotel due to its prime location, maybe it was just our luck that the air conditioning was busted in our room…	
May 1 2007 	A1 Hotel in great location	My wife and I enjoyed a 3 night stay at the Hesperia Victoria and found that it offered excellent value for money. It cost a few pence over £300 for the three nights for the two of us in a double room with one of the largest (and most comfortable) beds we have ever had!The room was on the 7th floor at the rear of the hotel. Whilst the views weren't wonderful that didn't spoil our stay at all. The room was large, modern, comfortable and spotlessly clean. The flatscreen TV had a wide range of choices and the picture was crystal clear. A well stocked minibar provided useful space for fresh milk (not supplied) for the tea/coffee making facilities. Plenty of easy to use wall sockets for electrical equipment. We stayed on what was a warm weekend and the room was always a nice refuge - the air conditioning was really effective and controllable and the room window opened easily for additional comfort. The bathroom was roomy, clean and tastefully decorated (as indeed was the main room). It had a large bathtub with a constant supply of hot water as well as an effective shower. The towels were changed daily. Room service was reliable and quick.Courtesy newspapers were available at breakfast by the Reception area. The self-service breakfast was included in our tariff and the choice was plentiful and will suit most tastes. I opted for an English breakfast each morning and found it well cooked and tasty. There was also a wide choice of fruit, cereals, cold meats, etc. All the staff at the hotel were friendly and helpful. The hotel is part of a Spanish owned group and many of the front desk and restaurant/bar staff were Spanish - but with very good English.The location of the hotel was ideal for us being just across from Victoria Station and Underground. We also had tickets for &quot;Wicked&quot; at the Apollo Victoria and that was no more than a 2 minute walk away. We did, as many do, quite a bit of walking. Westminster Abbey and Parliament, for example, is a leisurely 10 minute stroll. I can't comment on the leisure facilities and pool as we didn't use them (forgot our swimwear) but other guests we spoke to had only positive comments.I highly recommend this hotel. We'll be back next time that we are in London - count on it !	
Apr 13 2007 	Wonderful experience!!	I absolutely recommend this hotel! Me and my husband visited London for the first time and stayed in this hotel last year and had a great experience. The hotel is very clean, the room we stayed was roomy and comfortable. The breakfast buffet was delicious too. People working on front desk were very helpful giving us info. The location is great, because is across of Victoria Train Station. We did not feel unsafe in this area.	
Apr 9 2007 	Perfect!	We have just returned from a 4-day stay in the Hesperia which was perfect in every way. We stayed in a double room and found a rollaway bed for our daughter already set up in the room on arrival. The decor of the room was very tasteful, with thick curtains fully able to block out the light. Despite construction work outside our room, we never heard any noise.We found all staff very pleasant with a manageable level of English. The hotel location was great for our arrival by coach into Victoria coach station. Also easy to find from the underground using the National Rail Platform 1 Hudson Street Exit.The bathroom was very clean and comfortable, with particularly nice little soaps.We booked through wotif.com for a good deal, although breakfast not included. However we enjoyed easy breakfasts from starbucks, the station and even the marks and spencer opposite. The only point - room temperature was very hot! We found we had to sleep with the airconditioning on as the rooms were heated to an uncomfortable temperature. we did notify the reception desk of this on our checkout as it seems like a great waste of resources to heat up a room and then cool it down again.Otherwise top marks for a perfect stay.	
Mar 27 2007 	Do yourself a favour.......!	Booked my single room for 3 nights on a travel website. Arrived early in the morning at the hotel after flying in from Sydney. Was shown immediately to my room. Sensational view. I stayed 3 nights and had a full cooked breakfast each morning. Also there was free wireless internet access as well which was great.The staff were very helpful and attentive. Despite the hotel being directly across the road from Victoria Train Station there was no noise, and it is a very handy location.I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Mar 4 2007	Good hotel!!!	Really liked this hotel. It's good for tube/rail links, although there's some station noise early morning.The food was good, with plenty of choice, and the rooms were nicely decorated, although we could have done with a brighter light to read by!! Thanks to the staff, who were friendly and helpfull, we really enjoyed staying there.	
Feb 28 2007	Great Hotel	I stayed in this hotel for a long weekend and had a great experience. Reception: Check in time is 2pm but I arrived at 10am in the morning. I was given a room immediately by a receptionist who was both informative and courteous.Room: The room was very nice. I did not experience any problems with drainage or dirty/unuasble windows. Leisure: This is the only section that let the hotel down. The mens changing rooms should be brought up to date. Unlike the rest of the hotel the changing rooms should be cleaned regularly (or more often) and the pool looks a lot bigger on the website than it actually is.Overall: A very good experience. A good 4 star hotel.Location: It can be a little tricky to find. If you arrive by train/underground (or else just walk into victoria station), follow the platform 1-8 signs for national rail, when you get to this section follow the exit sign for Hudson Place and the hotel is directly across the road.	
Feb 11 2007	Excellent rooms	Very central location only a few minutes from the Victoria bus station and the railway station, though it took us a little while to find it since it is in a back street. Rooms on the expensive side, but at £79 through an internet booking service, our double room was a superb offer. Breakfast not included though, but there are all kinds of eateries right around the corner at the Victoria station.	
Jan 30 2007	Not bad but could be a lot better if they improved the little problems	I have stayed in this hotel many times during 2006. The staff are always pleasant and on most occassions I have enjoyed my stay. The hotel markets itself as 4* and this is where small little things let it down:* The rooms are normally very hot and the a/c rarely works - you can either have it quiet and hot or open the window - get the air but get the noise* The windows are always filthy - I have never known them be cleaned in 2006* There is clearly a drainage problem - especially on the lower floors and water doesn't drain away properly.* The TV's (plasma screen) are always badly tuned and it's a guessing game to see what's on what channel - many are very snowy as well.* The health club is ok but a little small - it's always quiet tho. The male changing rooms are pretty gruesome - dirty with broken tiles - and clearly the drainage problem is worse here than anywhere.I had a free upgrade to an executive room once and apart from a bathrobe I could find nothing different to the normal room - I certainly wouldn't pay extra for such a room.The Hesperia is not a bad hotel but with attention to some of the small issues it would be far better positioned as a true 4* hotel in the Victoria area.	
Dec 8 2006 	Nice Hotel Convient Location	My wife and I stayed at this hotel, for 4 nights just after Thanksgiving. The Hesperia is very conviently located across from the Victoria Train Station. The bed was large and had a warm and inviting comforter. There was a building under construction next to the hotel, which did create a morning noise.We were upgraded to a jacuzzi sweet, wich also included a seperate rooom with a couch, desk and dinning table. I would reccomend if the price difference is smallThe morning breakfast was nice, coffiee cups were filled quickly, fruit was fresh. The rest of the food was rather bland.We found the staff to be helpful when needed. The room was cleaned every day, and in the evening supplied choclates to the room.The Hesperia location offers quick access to trains and the tube. Beds are comfortable, Breakfast is convient but not necessarly special. There really is just a mission element that makes me say WOW! why I would not give an excellent rating and only Above Average.	
Dec 4 2006	great place to stay	great location - right next to public transportation. good service, fun hot tub and pool. only bad thing was AC leaked in room, but room was big, comfy, clean. would definately go back!	
Nov 24 2006	Just What We Needed!	We booked The Hesperia London Victoria for a Theatre Break to see Dirty Dancing and we had a great stay. The hotel is so convenient for all the sights being a 30 second walk to the train/ tube! Our room was clean and tastefully decorated with a flat screen TV and an excellent shower. We had no trouble with the noise - we were facing the station but had a 6th floor room so we had a decent view. On arrival we noticed our window wouldn't shut properly, and after reading other reviews I thought they would take ages to fix it. However, the maintenance guy was at our room within 5 mins, was really friendly and polite and fixed it no problems. The hotel staff were polite and professional at all times and we had no problems understanding anyone.A wide variety of food was offered at breakfast to cover all tastes, in pleasent surroundings.The only bit of the hotel that stopped me giving it 5 out of 5 was the leisure facilities. The changing rooms were a bit grubby and the pool was very small and not very inviting. However all in all it was a briliant stay in a good modern hotel and I would definitely stay again! 	
Nov 13 2006 	Fantastic location great hotel for a short break	We booked this as part of a theatre break and couldn't believe our luck when we saw the prices! We got 2 nights and theatre tickets for £175 so worth checking out offers for this hotel as we think we got a bargain. The location is great - right across the road from Platform 1 exit in Victoria station. Great if coming in via Gatwick Express and easy for using the tube. Lovely breakfast. Clean compact rooms, decent shower. My room was not noisy at all l have to say and the view doesn't matter as you tend to sightsee in London and are never in your room that long!! Nice meal and good service in the restaurant. The bar area is a bit bare and not very cosy but ok for a drink or two. Didn't see the pool facilities so can't comment but l would recommend this hotel and would stay again.	
Nov 8 2006 	Nice location terrible hotel even worse staff.	I shall start with the bad points from our stay- I upgraded my room on arrival to an executive room expecting it to be of a good standard. When we got in the room the lights in the shower or the hall did not work, there was also a rather unpleasant smell of urine and the air conditioner had leaked, which had left a pool of water on the floor which my girlfriend slipped on and nearly fell over. We obviously complained about this and demanded another room; but were told by the staff (none of whom can speak very good English) that there were no more rooms available. So we settle on getting maintance to fix the faults, eventually after about 3 phone calls, we had the pleasure of watching the maintance guy work while my girlfriend and I tried to enjoy our meal from room service.Not that it was worth calling him as he didn't have the bulbs anyway so we were still left looking forward to showering in the dark. An for an added bonus he had smashed a bulb trying to replace it, which left glass on the floor that my partner then cut her foot on. So again I complained to the manager and finally a new room was (as if by magic) available and we moved. The new room was OK assuming you over look the view of a building site and the loud noise of trains and a construction site.There were however numerous other things that went wrong while we were there, far too many to mention. (We only stayed 2 nights!) So many things went wrong that we were on the verge of moving hotels, had we of been staying longer than 2 nights we would of checked out.The major fault of this hotel is the staff, they are quite frankly rubbish, I have yet to stay anywhere where there is such a large collection of incompetent people in such a small area.As I said none of them speak English, which for the capital city of England is not good.There also seems to be a clear lack of any management or customer skills by any of the staff, including the manager.We submitted a complaint on our departure and demanded that someone from management call or email us with a response to all our complaints. As yet I have heard nothing. (That was 4 months ago.)Now for the good points – It is located right outside the door to Victoria, which is good. That’s all. My advice, stay well clear of this hotel! Do yourself a favor and stay anywhere else.	
Nov 1 2006 	Excellent Hotel	We chose this hotel for its location as we were going on the Orient Express from Victoria Station, it is literally just across the road from the station &amp; the exit is near their departure lounge at Platform 1. We were really impressed it is modern &amp; clean the room was tastefully decorated &amp; staff were friendly. Would definately stay there again.	
Oct 24 2006 	Great location okay hotel	This hotel is very conveniently located. We flew into Gatwick and took the Gatwick express directly into Victoria Station. The hotel is literally next to the train station.We did not have any train or street noise issues. But, we were out for most the day. There is construction going on right next to the hotel as well, so if you're planning on spending time in the hotel during the day, then this might not be the place for you.Like many hotels, the walls are a bit thin. But, we really didn't have any issues with noise. The room was clean. Water pressure was not good. Water did not drain well in the sink or in the tub. Toiletries did not smell good, but this is subjective.From the hotel, we walked just about everywhere. Within a 5-10 minute walk, we could go to Buckingham Palace, Westminster Abbey, Big Ben, and Parliment. Within a 20 minute walk, we could go to Trafalgar Square, Picadilly Circus, etc. Moreover, because of the train station, we had great access to buses and the underground. Also, there is a grocery store in the station and a Marks &amp; Spencers. Great places to pick up quick and cheap food as well as big bottles of water.I would stay there again because of the price and the location. It certainly is not luxurious, but it's not too bad either.	
Oct 23 2006	Short but sweet	Stayed 1 night at this hotel. In the hotel for less than 12 hours, but as a first time user was offered an upgrade on arrival. The Executive Rooms are well equipped with flat screen tv, Wifi access and all the usual bits.Would return to this hotel and hope to stay longer to sample the other facilities of the hotel.	
Oct 17 2006 	I now need to catch up on some sleep!	Based on earlier reviews a colleague booked this for a conference - don't fall in to the same trap.- The bedrooms are invariably noisy (you can hear the trains, the station announcements or the all-night rubbish collection)- and because you daren't open the windows the rooms are also stuffy.- The bar is very small and has no, no-smoking area. The TV seems to have SkyNews on loop - very distracting -and one CD.- The wine is overpriced for the quality (£16 for a Rioja that I would not pay £2.99 for in Aldis!)- The swimming pool is tiny (the gym was closed for reflooring so I can't comment on that)- Signposting of food and refreshments in the conference area is poor- The pre-theatre dinner menu has a very limited choice - but none of it is good quality (and most of it appeared luke warm at best.). No way of getting your 5 portions of fruit and veg.- The TV was a good size but you had to guyess what channels were which and there was no radio.There was no water in the room, although there was a kettle and tea + coffee.On the positive side the toiletries are good. The room contained an iron and ironing board as well as a trouser press, with two hairdryers. And the buffet breakfast and lunch was a lot more palatable than the dinner.But considering the price, I woud not recommend staying here if you have to pay yourself!	
Oct 15 2006 	Great value great service recommended!	A friend and I stayed at the Hesperia Victoria the first weekend of October and were delighted with the service, the rooms and the location of the hotel. The rooms are modern and clean, the beds are comfortable and everything worked.The breakfast is excellent, there was a choice of cold and hot foods plus yoghurts, toast, pastries and cereals. The coffee was not great, a little dissapointing for a Spanish hotel chain, but everything else made up for this small oversight. Free daily papers are available in the reception area for the enjoyment of the guests.We booked throught the hotel's website and got a really good reate (£79 + VAT, including breakfast), not bad for a 4 star hotel. Great location for Gatwick and the theatres.Will stay again at this hotel on our next visit to London.	
Oct 10 2006 	You'd have to go 5 star to do better than this!	We have just stayed at the Hesperia Victoria for a couple of nights and I was delighted with it. As we were wanting to be close to Victoria it was ideal - just behind the station. I had worried it might be noisy but it wasn't at all. However, we may have been lucky - we were on the sixth floor and at the back of the hotel so didn't get any traffic or noise from the station. I can't say what it would have been like lower down or at the front.The room was lovely - good size, especially for London. Very clean and well appointed. Bathroom was good and everything worked well.Breakfast was lovely, plenty of everything and all very fresh. If you visit it is worth going to the restaurant, or visiting the restaurant if you aren't staying there. The standard menu is quite expensive, but the wine is reasonable. They do an excellent pre-theatre three course menu, which only has a choice of three dishes for each course, but the quality of food is excellent and extremely well served. I was also impressed by the efficiency of the staff throughout. They seemed to be all Spanish, as I suppose you would expect in a Spanish chain and some did seem to be learning English, but all were very polite, friendly and efficient. I wouldn't hesitate to stay there again.	
Oct 8 2006 	Great Hotel shame about the staff	After reading the reviews on the hotel i was prepared for some problems with the staff. and yes when i got there the problems started and it was with the staff i booked 4 rooms in my name and they couldnt understand why i needed 4 rooms and didnt save 4 rooms for me even thought the booking was for 4 rooms.3 doubles 1 twin when we got our rooms 1 double 3 twins went and complained was told sorry no rooms available i explained that i wanted a double i kept on and I got the doubles i wanted after them saying there wasnt any.The rooms are just right we were only there for 1 night very clean tidy and pleasent. The food was great got a good deal on their website for the room £79+vat that included breakfast and to upgarde when we got there was only £15 which included bathrode bigger room a few drinks and chocolates.I would recommend this hotel but i would advise anyone staying that they make it clear as possible what you want and dont accepted No from them as there is always a way round it.	
Oct 6 2006 	Great location. Poor service and poor attention to detail.	Hotel is right across from Victoria Station and very conveniently located. That's about the only good news.Air condition didn't work and I put in 2 service calls on the 4 night stay. The only difference I could tell was that the fan got progressively more noisy the more they did to it. I guess the background noise made it easier to sleep.Wireless internet was unavailable and spotty. Maintenance only worked from 7am until 5pm and nobody on the property knew how to reset the routers which is all maintenance would do when they had problems. Visits and calls to the front desk showed no concern or no sense or urgency.THE WORST PART: I was charged the equivalent of $7700 for a 4 night stay that should have been around $1100. They were unable to provide me with a detailed bill at checkout and were telling me my account was paid in full. I finally gave up on getting a receipt or bill because I had to get to the airport in time. Who is to argue if they say there are no charges anyway? Upon arriving home I noticed I was overcharged by about $6600 on my visa statement. I have contacted the hotel through email, their corporate office through email, called several times and a week after the charge they still have not processed the credit. I have now had to file a formal dispute with Visa and fill out a ton of paperwork and nobody at the hotel is concerned or being expedient about issuing the credit. STAY AWAY FROM THE WHOLE HESPERIA BRAND NAME in my opinion. Nobody within the whole chain has any sense of urgency over this matter and it concerns me that the whole Hesperia brand is like this. This was my first and last stay at a Hesperia hotel.	
Oct 4 2006 	Good value clean hotel	We stayed two nights Sept 9-10. Reviews were on target, smallish but clean recently renovated rooms. Our A/C was cold, as we like it. If you are staying during the week construction noise at rear may be an issue, but just ask for a room away if you plan to sleep late. Pillow menu was a nice touch. Great breakfast, friendly staff, and great location across from Victoria Station. Best rate was from hotel web site.	
Sep 18 2006 	Great location just what was needed	I was looking for a reasonable hotel for a one night stay in London to go to an event in Battersea. I chose the Hesperia after reading the reviews and was really glad we made the choice. Location wise it is right next door to Victoria, but there is no need to worry about the train noise. Staff were fairly good and the general look of the hotel was clean and new. The room (£98 for a double) was of a reason size for central London. The bathroom was good, with a shower in the bath. The bed was extremely comfortable and the curtains blocked any light coming in. Overall very pleased with this hotel, especially due to its closeness to Victoria and the subesquent links around London.	
Sep 17 2006 	Well worth a stay here.	Brilliant location next to Victoria Station. Handy for the theatres nearby and they did a very good pre theatre dinner. Breakfast pricey so we went out for that as there are so many places nearby.Very clean and comfortable.Pool area and gym a bonus to unwind at the end of a long day.	
Sep 17 2006	A Bit Disappointing	First, the good news. The hotel is located on one of the quieter sides of Victoria Station, so it is very convenient to the London underground and trains. Parliament is only a 10 minute walk. The rooms are comfortable and nicely furnished.Now, the bad news. Our nonsmoking room smelled of smoke. During a hot week in London, the air conditioning did not work and repeated requests to fix it (and a broken light) went unanswered. Our colleagues had some trouble with the hotel laundry and asking for some basics like an extra towel for the room.So, our stay at what should have been a good hotel for business or leisure trips was overshadowed by some poor customer service.	
Aug 29 2006 	Would stay there again	Finding a good hotel in London for a decent price is difficult, esp. since the city is SO expensive! Hesperia was a great hotel for the price we found (about $350 for two nights). The location was in Westminster....within walking distance to the Underground at Victoria Station, Buckingham Palace, Big Ben, Westminster Abbey, London Eye and many other attractions. There were several Pubs and shops nearby. The staff was very friendly and they allowed us to drop off our luggage prior to check in so we could sight see a bit. The conceirgie helped us to find a way to the airport and was very helpful with our other questions. The room was clean as well as the bathroom. Bathroom looked to be recently remodeled. Only complaint would be the view... it overlooked the train/underground station. However we weren't there for the view and the price/accommodations were right. Also....I suggest the breakfast buffet. It was pricey at about $18 a person, however there was a large selection to choose from and it filled up until midafternoon/dinner time. Well worth it! I definately suggest the Hesperia.	
Aug 24 2006 	Good choice if you can get a good deal	The London Victoria HESPERIA is a good choice if you need a &quot;homebase&quot; in London. Across the street from Exit 1 (Hudson Place) at Victoria Station, it is ideally, centrally located for bus-, train- and taxi service. Plus, the station offers a wide variety of snack opportunities, a Marks &amp; Spencer Food market is right there and also a Sainsbury Supermarket can be reached within 5 minutes walking distance.The HOTEL is modern, clean, nice, and comfortable. ROOMS and bathrooms are pretty and pretty spacious for London standards and I found the beds to be very comfy, too. NOISE from Victoria Station didn't bother me at all. In fact, I could hardly hear any, which was a wonderful surprise (considering previous reviewers' complaints). Also, the building site next door was never a problem. The windows are definitely soundproof!The BUSINESS center lacks a bit privacy since it consists of two pc terminals in the &quot;lobby&quot; of the meeting room facilities, which means: you step out of the lift and are right at the computer desk. Internet access costs 4 Pounds/15 minutes.The FITNESS center was disappointing. It was too dark for my taste, giving the &quot;wellness area&quot; a rather dingy, shady air, not to be confused with mood lighting. It didn't look well kept, unfortunately. The exercise room was freezing (felt like 16°C in there) and the temperature could not be adjusted. The water temperature was cozy warm but the pool didn't look inviting (again, the lighting problem). A pity, because I would have liked to try and really, the pool was one factor on which I had based the decision to stay at this hotel rather than at another one. Also, there was a flooding during two days of my stay in the changing rooms. With really just a little more care and better lighting, maybe a plant here and there (as shown on the hotel's flyers) this area has great potential, though.At check in, my initial impression of the STAFF wasn't the best, since receptionist Luisa seemed to be slightly bothered by the fact that I couldn't immediately understand everything she told me. I see how poor command of the English language could be a problem (as stated by previous reviewers). It's not that Luisa was rude, she just seemed very unsure of herself and maybe had a bad day on top of that. Anyway, smiling would help a lot. The desk manager who took over was much friendlier and accommodated me nicely. At check out, Sara (a young Italian lady with perfect command of English and Spanish) was a real pleasure and explained apologetically that since most of the staff members are Spanish (and a lot of the guests, too), it is spoken much more frequently at the hotel than English. I don't have a problem with that, but I can see how other people might be annoyed if they cannot &quot;get through&quot; to the staff.My last and really only substantial complaint would be that, in general, the staff took too long to respond to questions/requests (for extra pillows, e.g.). Upon arrival, though it was August 19th, my room was freezing. I tried to figure out the in-room air control system but couldn't. It took me four phone calls to housekeeping and the front desk and two hours waiting time to get the problem taken care of. Finally though, a very friendly young man from maintenance brought up an individual heating unit to my room so that I could adjust the temperature to my liking, and I was happy!My standards are very high that's why I give the Hesperia &quot;only&quot; 3 out of 5 points. But OVERALL, I would definitely recommend this hotel if you can get a good deal! Check out their website: I got a double room (no breakfast, taxes not included) for 102 Pounds/night. (Regular room rate is 254 Pounds!!). London is outrageously expensive, so you'll be hard pressed to find a decent accommodation for less. Best thing is to shop around and compare prices!	
Aug 23 2006	Convinient Hotel at the Heart of London	Having scoured Tripadvisor for hours in search of a comfortable and decently priced accommodation, I eventually chose Hesperia London Victoria. Upon spending the first night at the hotel, I realized that my endeavours were paying off. In the following paragraphs I will be commenting on the location, room, service, and breakfast of the hotel.Situated opposite Victoria Station, Hesperia Victoria hotel offers easy access to London’s main tourist attractions. Many of these attractions, such as the Buckingham Palace, are accessible by foot. The underground ride from the airport to Victoria station takes between 40 to 60 minutes. Because Victoria Station is not equipped with escalators, one might experience hardship carrying heavy luggage. Hotel guests can also take advantage of a tourist information centre, which is located at the station. This centre provides not only assistance with directions, but sells tickets to many attractions. When in need of help for directions, I preferred to stay in a queue and pose my questions to the information clerks as opposed to the hotel receptionists who, according to a Tripadvisor commentator, were not of any assistance. A Hop-on Hop-off bus station is only five minutes walk from the hotel. Unfortunately, proximity to a station is always accompanied by a few disadvantages. For instance, in my room, which opened to the parking lot of the station, I was often irritated by the noise of the vehicles loading and unloading their cargo around the clock. To mask the noise, I had to resort to the fan; hence freezing temperatures in the middle of the summer! Apart from the noise, the room was agreeable. In fact, compared to other European hotel rooms, the rooms at Hesperia are very spacious. My room was equipped with a mini-bar, i.e, a small fridge containing overpriced beverages and chocolate bars where I could place a small sandwich and a few drinks, which I bought at the Mark &amp; Spencer located at the station. I also had a kettle, tea bags, instant coffee, sweetener, and biscuits. When noticing the rust on the bars of my electric kettle, I informed a cleaning lady who provided me with a brand new kettle instantly. The bed was very comfortable and the sheets looked clean. Like other guests have reported, the toiletry was adequate; it contained toothbrush, toothpaste, comb, shower cap, shoe sponge, soap bar, and shower gel. While at most hotels one receives Dove or other popular brands, the soap bars and gels here were unique; they had a pleasant Aloe Vera fragrance. As a Canadian resident on her first trip to England, I was hoping to hear the British accent at all times, which I would be imitating later on!! To my slight disappointment, none of the hotel crew was originally British. Some were hardly able to converse in English. At times, I had difficulty making my request understood to members. Nonetheless, they were always helpful and smiling. Everyday, between 16:00 to 18:00, a cleaning lady would knock on my door to enquire whether I needed anything. Such a service made me feel privileged. I can claim that staying at Hesperia London Victoria I enjoyed great customer service. One could also avail himself or herself of the free daily newspapers and magazines placed on a table by the elevator. Having never considered myself a big breakfast eater, I walked into the breakfast room with contempt. Upon seeing various types of foods and smelling tantalizing aromas, I could not resist copious amounts of food every morning. The breakfast catered to all tastes, even a vegetarian like me found plenty to eat. Different brands of cereals complemented by many types of dried fruits were placed next to a big bottle of milk. Exploring the two-shelved breakfast self-service table, I was pleased to come across several of types of muffins, breads, jams, compotes, fruit, cheese, yogurt, as well as hot foods such as scrambled eggs and grilled tomatoes. To summarize, I must say that I found Hesperia London Victoria an agreeable hotel in the heart of London.	
Aug 17 2006 	Loved Hesperia	I stayed in this hotel at the start of August with my mother. We got an excellent rate of £333 total for three nights B&amp;B -- full price per night was £254.We just loved the hotel, the room was a good size with two single beds, plenty of wardrobe space, fabulous bathroom with the most divine toiletries, of course I had to take some home for my own bathroom!The breakfast was delicious -- we had to wait on two mornings to be seated but that was only to be expected as it was a long weekend and the hotel was full.The maid service was very good , we did not use the swimming pool but went down for a look and it looked fine although the pool is quite small.It is totally deserving of its 4* status -- very friendly and helpful staff both in reception and in the restaurant.Plenty of lifts (4 I think) which were always quite busy.Proximity to Victoria train station perfect and also Victoria bus station which we used all the time for trips to central London.And the Gatwick express brings you right into Victoria train station so perfect location for flights too.You can't go wrong with this hotel and to be perfectly honest I can't understand why anyone would give this hotel a bad review -- I have fairly high standards and I have stayed in plenty of hotels around the world -- but those who have given a bad review of this hotel -- their standard must be right of the richter scale!!	
Jul 31 2006 	Cant understand how the reviews are good for this place!?	After staying at the Oceania Hotel in Paris, we headed for the London Hesperia 4* Hotel! What a dissapointment! Maybe it was because the Oceania was so good?? Either way for 4* I expected more. We arrived at 10pm and had a drink in the bar which was nice. The room we stayed in should have cost a staggering £275 per night but we got a last minute deal online for £97. I would refuse to pay £275 for this place, as soon as we went upstairs there was a leak in the corridoor roof. We informed reception who sent someone up just to put a bucket there for the night!!?? Arrived in the room which was nothing special just like a travelodge really! Very noisy due to helicopters and planes flying by!! In the morning we had breakfast which was superb, choice of continental or Full english! After breakfast we went for a swim! Well not really, more like dipped my foot in then walked off! The pool was dark and a bit dingey and the jacuzzi failed to work! The changing rooms were small and the showers had no hot water! Very poor for a 4*! One of the few advantages was that it was 2 minutes away from Victoria Station so accessibility to and from the city was good! Overall very dissapointed and would not stay there again!!	
Jul 24 2006 	Excellent	My girlfriend and I stayed here for a night. We found the room to be really nice, with imaginative decor and a great large LCD TV. The bathroom is nice, and the toiletries actually really good - not Molton Brown or anything, I think they were the hotel's own brand, but the shower gel and soaps smelt great!The bed was massive and very comfortable.Great location for access to Victoria station.	
Jul 12 2006	Highly Recommend	My wife stayed in this hotel for 2 nights. Our room was lovely. What singles this hotel out from most of the others that we have stayed at in London over the years is the excellent service. Maybe this is because the chain is Spanish and not English run? I say this as a British person ! The breakfast buffet is very extensive. From cereals and pastries to the good old Full English Breakfast. Very close to Victoria rail and underground stations as well as the bus and coach stations. Lots of places to eat. Easy access to Central London. If you are going to be traveliing around London then buy a Day Pass. We would definitely stay here again. Our room did overlook a building site, but we were not troubled by any noise.	
Jul 4 2006	Good location nice stay	We stayed for 4 nights and were very pleased with our stay. We booked via Hotels.com and got a great rate (about $135 per night). The rate didnt include breakfast, but there were enough places within walking distance to eat. Room was roomy, clean, and A/C was a great relief after walking the city all day in the heat. Bathroom was large, great LCD TV in room. We had a room in the back of the hotel, we didnt hear any noise, although did see and hear the construction as we were checking in. I could see where rooms near the construction might be a problem during the day with noise, but the construction stops at 5:00. Great location if your traveling via tube, hotel is right across from station. Overall, very pleased with the accomodations.	
Jul 3 2006	Just as good second time round	This is the second time that I have stayed in this hotel and yet again I was thrilled with the accomodation, service, cleanliness etc. The breakfast was fantastic. The location is fantastic and I don't understand those that complain about the noise from the station. All of the rooms are fully double glazed and I have never heard a sound. I'm looking forward to my next trip which will hopefully be for more nights. If you want an excellent and clean hotel that is easily worth its money then I can recommend this one. It is fantastic!	
Jun 12 2006	Great weekend break	We have just returned from a weekend in this hotel. It was delightlul. The hotel is modern and clean. The staff are friendly and helpful. Our room overlooked the station but were not aware of any noise. The air conditioning was a blessing, especially as it was the hottest weekend in London this year (so far). The buffet breakfast was very good. The location is ideal, across from Victoria train, underground and bus stations. It made it very easy getting about. After a hot day in London it was bliss to get back to the hotel and cool off in the pool. In all, I couldn`t fault the hotel.	
May 31 2006	What a relief!	For my first trip to London, I researched everything (hotel, area, tours, etc.) as thoroughly as I could because it was for my 5th anniversary, and I wanted to be comfortable for the entire week with my husband. We wanted to stay away from any and all plaid bedding, musty and old smoky rooms, unsafe locations, etc. Something not too expensive, but not in some gross old place as old as the City itself. I booked the hotel through their reservation department a few months before the trip (using Trip Advisor, which was very helpful!), with the knowledge that we could cancel anytime, and not pay upfront. The reservation department was very easy to deal with and answered most of my questions (their website wasn't very telling). You know, we Americans have a lot of questions, because we are used to a lot of things that others in this world are not...it isn't that we are snobby, we are just used to getting a lot for our money, and we all work so much, that we don't want any headaches, especially if it is our one and only vacation! People interpret this in other ways, but in my opinion, you have to speak up if you want something (if you want water with ice, ask for a large ICE Water - be SPECIFIC, or else you will get a small glass of warm tap water) about everything or you won't get what you want, and then you will have to ask again, relaying the &quot;unsatisfied American&quot; syndrome)! The fact of the matter is that people seem to deal with things there more that we would deal with them here in the States. Since I used Trip Advisor so much in the planning of the trip, I wanted to return the favor and try to answer some additional questions that you may have, that reservations and photos can not answer. First, after flying in to Heathrow from our Amsterdam leg of the trip, we were tired. We took the train straight to Victoria Station. Maybe a 30 minute trip. No elevators or escalators, so pack light, people! You will be glad you did! There is no such thing as ADA (disability friendly) anywhere, except maybe a few busses and museums. Get off the train and go to Platform 1 - literally, across the street was the hotel. Couldn't be more convenient! Was happy when we walked in to the hotel because it was like a boutique style hotel, and was clean and modern. Just what I wanted. Check in was not a problem. We got to our room (on the 7th floor) and I was very disappointed the minute we walked in. The room seemed old and had red ugly stained carpet. It was small, the bed was smaller, and the view was not any better. They are doing construction next to the hotel and my room overlooked the construction. I called the front desk and asked if they had a room with a larger bed (this bed was the equivalent of a full sized American bed - I sleep in a King at home). The woman who checked us in said that they don't have larger beds like in the States. I was thinking to myself that this country has centuries of history, and KINGS and Queens, they don't have larger beds? That wasn't going to work for me at all, especially for 6 nights! Yes, you are in London to run around and not be in the room, but when you are in the room, you want to be comfortable. When I made my reservations, I asked for a fully refurbished non smoking Queen or King room on a high floor, away from elevators, etc. Then, it was hot in the room, and the air conditioner was not working. So I called the front desk again and told her about the A/C. They sent the nicest guy up to see what was happening - he ended up burning his arm while trying to fix it...and it wasn't fixable! I suggested he tell his supervisor about the burn - he said there was no need. Can you imagine! So I said we wanted to move to another room. He came back and showed me a few other rooms on the same floor. MUCH BETTER!! A big King sized bed, non-red ugly floors, etc. Different decor, a better view, much fresher and cleaner (we moved to Room 711) and everything was good again. My point is to ASK if you don't like. If anything, ask for my room - I was satisfied, and that says a lot. MAKE SURE YOU ASK TO STAY IN THE BACK OF THE HOTEL, OR THE VICTORIA STATION NOISE WILL BOTHER YOU! Also, the minute you arrive and need something, like pillows or towels, be sure to ask ASAP, so you get the &quot;un satisfied American asking for things&quot; issue out of the way. The TV options in the room can not be more boring. If you are looking to fall asleep, watch their TV options. BBC 1, 2, 3, 4, some German, Dutch and Spanish channels - mostly news about the same stuff over and over and over and over again! Plus, Al Jazeera, which I COULD NOT BELIEVE! I was a little annoyed that they would give us that channel and not something decent like a movie channel, etc. Plus, it just offended me that they would have that &quot;negative and totally biased and anti western / American / Jewish / every person in the world&quot; channel there. No good American or English speaking programs (other than BBC channels) - wrestling and the Hall Mark Channel was it. I don't watch wrestling ever! What do they think we like to watch? How about some comedy or movies? But wrestling?? We got the breakfast included with the room. Buffet with service, which was good. Go earlier in the morning, not later. The food was fine, but got old after a week. Nothing new or different everyday - just the same stuff. Croissants, Fruit, meat, eggs, cereal, etc. We never touched the meat or hot bar stuff. I was a little scared of it, especially the blood patties, which people seemed to love. For me, not so much. We kept it very simple in the mornings. On your table is a small menu - you can order some fresh made to order eggs if you want. We did that once or twice. If you opt to not have the breakfast included with your stay, you can always go to the train station and get coffee, pastries, etc. Either way, you will end up eating the same stuff! I told them they needed to have something different each day, like pancakes or french toast. Doubt it will ever happen...but you can get poached kipper! YUM! Just Kidding!We never had a drink in the bar or ate dinner in the restaurant. Too much outside to choose from! Never went to the pool or conference center, sorry. The concierge was not helpful, ever. One barely spoke English (okay, if we were in France, I wouldn't expect excellent English, but in London...I expect it!) I asked where the closest Marks and Spencer (part grocery, part clothing store) was and he tried to send us to the most expensive&quot; restaurant. We didn't ask him for much after that. Too much energy wasted! Use your travel books instead. Even the hotel reception didn't know much in the way of the area, where to go, etc. For those looking to get the VAT refund, be sure the hotel gives you the form. The girl at checkout said we would get that at the airport, and she didn't know, because once at the airport, they said the hotel gives us the form. We lost the $ VAT. For the best noodles ever (seafood and black oyster sauce), go to Jenny Lo's Tea House (recommendation came from my book) at 14 Eccleston Street. YUMMY!!! About a 10 minute walk. Try ASK for great pasta (loved the mushroom and cream sauce!). Go to Masala Zone in SOHO for great Indian food - Lamb curry was excellent. Mr. Kongs in Chinatown - get the beef and peppers dish. If you want Fish and Chips, do yourself a favor and share it with your traveling companion - save the $ for something else- almost $30 for fish and chips in a pub, and was very bland! Check out Nandos in Pimlico for great Peri Peri chicken. Don't bother with Bella Italia. Get a steak pasty from somewhere - so good! There are no ice cream or gelato stores in the Victoria area. If you ask people, they look at you like you are crazy. If you want that, go to Sainsbury's (next to Nandos) - a grocery store. Buy some 6 packs of bottled water, because it is not fun paying $4 for a bottle of water in London. Also, you will find that EAT or PRET a MANGER will become your best friend, especially if you are on a budget!The hotel's area was very busy! Victoria Station is a major station, so there is so much going on. Always felt safe, with no problems. Hotel is very close to everything, it was really fantastic! Buc Palace was about a 15 minute walk. The tube is fast, but hectic. Try to use it during non rush hour times. I swear, there were times when we just could not get on the tube because there were too many people and I was a little scared of that many people in a small crowded area. Just be smart about it. Watch your bags! Wait for another train if too crowded. Also, way finding (signs, etc.) was tough there, so be sure to have a map with you at all times. People are friendly but reserved. Don't get the London Pass unless you really intend to visit everything - or just get a 3 day card. We spent so much time walking and visiting the free stuff, that the pass would not have been worth it - and we were there for 6 nights! Get the Oyster card at the airport (just zones 1 &amp; 2, and pay the difference for another zone if going to Windsor or something) for travel on the tube and busses. We never got in a cab. Never felt that we needed to , and just couldn't bring ourselves to spend the money. We went to Windsor, the London Eye, Tower of London - all worth it! Didn't do St. Pauls (so expensive, and we went to several churches that were free). Go to the free museums, etc. Walk off the main paths and be adventurous! You will be amazed with this city! London is huge and small. Old and new. Clean and dirty. Nice but rude. Check out the Thames walk from the Tower of London and also on the other side of the river, near the London Eye.  If you do anything on the trip, be sure to go to the parks - they were fantastic! Hyde and St James was my favorite. The swans are amazing! Be prepared to spend a lot of money on the simplest of things....the US $ exchange rate is terrible - almost double! Bring a scarf and gloves - it was windy and cold/rainy while we were there, and it was the end of May! Ladies, bring a cute hat or your hair will blow everywhere! Everything is casual, but don't be sloppy, especially at Windsor or at the museums. Beware of eating in the basement at any given restaurant. Don't do it - wait for another table or go elsewhere. Gatwick express is easy - 30 minutes to the airport from the station. No problems at all! Plus much cheaper than a cab, and you really don't want to take the tube. I recommend the hotel because it was convenient, clean, and modern inside. The bathrooms are just fine. Plenty of space. Doesn't match the decor - they refurbished the hotel a few years ago, but they were cheap and didn't get to the bathrooms. Oh well! The housekeeping was fine. After everything was said and done, we were happy with what we got, but if I go to London again, I'd probably check out the Victoria Park Plaza, which was another option for us before we left for London - a little more $, but looked awesome...and also very close to the station. I meant to take photos of the room, etc. but forgot! SORRY!Hope this helps!	
May 9 2006	Handled Unexpected Problems Professionally and Politely	This hotel was between average and above average, although it's difficult to compare it to other UK hotels objectively since I haven't stayed in many. We paid 589 US dollars (inclusive of 17.5% tax) for three nights by booking through the hotel's web site. I will say that the room was clean, contemporary and of sufficent size. Everything was in perfect working order, that is, until the AC broke. We were switched to another room, and when the same thing happened in that room, we were switched to an executive suite! Our first two rooms were at the front of the hotel and faced the railroad tracks of Victoria Station, which is directly across the street. The windows did not provide sufficient noise insulation from the railway noise and loudspeaker announcements. The final room, the suite, faced the rear of the hotel, was quieter, and had a great view. Ask for a rear facing room, The staff was great. Very helpful and polite. There's a great supermarket (great quality and low prices) within five minutes walk and it's surrounded by nontouristy restaurants. We had a great fish and chips meal at Seafresh.	
May 5 2006	Excellent accommodation	Stayed for 2 nights in April, will definitely be back. Booked thru Hotels-london - paid 1/3 of hotel price and was upgraded from single to twin on check in. Not cheap but reasonable for London - have stayed in awful places for same price in past. Was concerned about noise from Victoria station but not disturbed at all. Friendly, efficient staff, lovely accommodation.	
May 1 2006	So convenientfantastic breakfast	I booked this Hotel through Superbreaks on a special deal. I loved the Hotel. It was so convenient for the underground and being a train enthusiast I loved being able to see into Victoria Station. There was no noise from the station. My room was clean and had an excellent television. The Breakfast was superb, a huge choice. Being a Spanish Chain, many of the Staff were Spanish but had an good command of English. I did not have a chance to sample the leisure facilities.	
Apr 13 2006 	Its OK	Have now stayed here 3 times for periods of 2 - 3 days at a time.It's very conventient for business travellers or tourists, literally 100m from Victoria Station. Area is a bit down at heel but as safe as anywhere else in central LondonHotel is totally refurbished with a bit of Spanish style. Reception is efficient and breakfast is superb. Hotel looks great and is good but there are a few niggles.If your travelling on business room lights are awful - I couldnt read documents at the desk in my room, it was so dark. My bed was awful too. Very soft and wobbly!Also underneath it all is a 1960's tower block with noisy (but working) air con and an out of date phone system. It has a nice veneer though and if you dont look too closely its fine! Fairly good value too	
Apr 8 2006	A lovely way to start the New Year	We stayed at this hotel to celebrate my Sons 21st Birthday - New Years Eve we booked 2 jacuzzi suites - this was a special treat, my son and his fiancee loved this. Location was great, really close to victoria station and buckingham palace. Everything clsoe by and tube really close. The following night we were moved - We would have preferred to stay in the original room - however staff ensured that our luggage was moved without any need for us to come back from our day out. Had a few drinks in the hotel bar - the cosmopolitan cocktail was fantastic. Breakfast was really nice on both mornings. The only complaint was that the rooms were too hot - I noted this on the feedback form that we were given. I would stay at this hotel again if we were in London.	
Mar 29 2006	lovely hotel very convenient!	Great location (handy for everything), lovely room, friendly staff and a great breakfast to start off the day, would definately stay here again!	
Mar 26 2006	Pleasant weekend	I found the Hesperia very pleasant. Placed just next to Victoria station (perfect if you are flying to Gatwick).Rooms are quite spacious and clean, like bathrooms are, where youll find all kind of amenities and clean and crips towels. Bedrooms are really confortable and you have a pillows &quot;menu&quot;. My room was on the first floor overlooking Victoria station (I love trains) and the only I disliked was the noise at the morning from people mooving some &quot;cargo&quot;.The staff, at reception and at the bar was really kind.	
Mar 24 2006	not worth the money	Noise levels from building works next to hotel.We booked this hotel for its four star rating,along with its leisure facilities.As far as a view from your room forget it.Location not the best as far as security exists.Lot of vagarents about the streets.The leisure facilities leave a lot to be desired.No heating in pool or dressing room areas.Jacuzzi lot of missing tiles with sharp edges.pool tiny in size and dirty.Shower area seweage water appeared each time my children and i used the showers .Water poured over floor area.No panic button evident in sauna.Water main problem on second day of stay.No sanitary facilities in rooms.Requested to meet duty manager which took some fifteen minutes.Eventually arrived asked what was the problem to be told it will take three hours to fix.We were told to use the hotel around the corner if we need basic sanitary facilities.Why were we not contacted about the situation,the reply from the duty manager was Sir we have some two hundred guests staying hereits not possible.At any one time i counted four to five staff at reception.Maybe the dont now how to use the telephone.We had to pack our bags and move to another hotel within the vinicity ,which was exellent.We declined the offer to return to the hotel when the problem was resolved.We payed our bill of which we recieved twelve pound fifty per person,total fifty pounds.this was we felt an insult.talking to a local the following morning he informed me that since the hotel had changed its had a lot of problems including no electricity but to mention one of their problems.Having spent the amount of money that we did on our stay, we felt we did not get the service nor the facilities.	
Mar 13 2006 	Differing room quality	Superb hotel. I have stayed here more than once. The quality of the rooms can vary though. I have found that if I book a room at a discounted price they give me one of the awful rooms. However, if I book directly through their own website I get a terrific room.	
Mar 6 2006	Hesperia London	Absolutely first class location directly beside victoria train station in the centre of london. its closeness was a real advantage for anyone tending to tour london. rooms in the hotel were exactly as we'd expected although as the receptionist informed me, the only real difference between an executive room and a standard room is the bigger wardrobe, the free bottle of water in the mini bar and the free kit kats in the fridge so i'd advise anyone to book a standard room. the staff we extremly helpful and friendly and were able to reccommend good restaurants and places to eat. avoid having to pay the extra money for breakfast by walking across the road to starbucks in victoria station for coffee and toast. all in all a great spot. Number 24 nbus leaves leicester square every ten mins at nite and stops outside hotel. couldnt get a better location.	
Mar 6 2006	Hospitable Hesperia	We have just returned from a short weekend break in London..We stayed at the Hotel, Hesperia Victoria, 2 Bridge Place. We have had such a lovely time. The check-in was so smooth and straight forward, no time wasted. The staff were friendly &amp; courteous and very helpful. Seemed genuinely happy to greet us.The accommodation was splendid, comfortable room which was immaculately clean. Bathroom a little on the small side but perfectly adequate, plenty of soft fluffy white towells and all the washroom essentials provided.The beds were very comfy and plenty of pillows which we like!!The bar and other facilites were also very good altho we did not use the pool, we did venture there to look around.The location is superb, right close to Victoria station and Victoria Underground. Also useful if you are going to the theatre, the Palace and the Appollo are right on your doorstep.All in all a very central hotel to choose for a superb weekend in London.Highly recommended!!	
Mar 3 2006 	Not impressed	Whilst room was comfortable &amp; clean, it was definately on the small side - an extra foot all round would have made such a difference. My room on 8th floor was quiet but members of our party on other floors complained of external noise (trains, station announcements, workmen) and internal noise (air conditioning). Breakfast was OK but nothing special. It is in a good position for Victoria but I would only recommend it if you can get a room at a good price.	
Mar 2 2006	Good hotel good location	Stayed for two nights in February 06 (Sat and Sun) booked through Superbreaks website. Paid £99 per night for double room including breakfast.Strengths - clean and modern room, spacious and well equipped (only grumble was no biscuits!)Considering proximity to Victoria station, room very quiet. Friendly and helpful staff (although some minor language difficulties)TV in room had full Sky sports channels Weaknesses - nothing significantBreakfast - good selection of hot and cold food (although pastry selection could have been better) - items well stocked and replenished. Above average breakfast for this standard of hotel.Hotel was very busy on Sunday morning and breakfast seating area inadequate for number of guests. Staff did their best to manage the situation. We had to wait in the bar for approx 15 mins - guests were seated in order they arrived, although initially the situation appeared a bit chaotic.Would recommend this hotel at this price.	
Feb 27 2006	pleasant and comfortable	only there for one night,but would have been happy to stay longer,staff helpful,location regarding sights great,would reccomend undoubtly.	
Feb 17 2006	Great for what we wanted	I always use tripadvisor to help me book a hotel so i thought i should also contribute to the site. I stayed at the Hesperia on Valentines day and paid 108 pound inc. tax excluding breakfast for a standard room. We went down to see Billy Elliott (i teach the boy who plays Billy!) and the location was brilliant. We wandered around London and easily found our way back using a map and the underground. We were on the 6th floor facing the station but we rarely heard any noise and if we did it didn`t bother us. The bed was fine...a little soft for our liking but we only had three pillows which i found a little odd! Anyway the room was modern and clean and just what we needed for the few hours we actually spent in our room. The only slight problem we had was the air conditioning wasn`t working in our room so it got a little warm in the night for us as we are both quite hot blooded. I reported this on check out and they apologized. I would definately return to this hotel again when i next visit London.	
Feb 14 2006	Excellent location but be careful	My family stayed in the hotel for the weekend. We were given 2 very nice adjoining rooms. The location is very convenient very close to Victoria. We had stayed there before when it was the Holiday Inn. It is now refurbished. Being a Spannish hotel, many of the tv stations are spannish, and the magazines in the room too. Both days at breakfast there was a wait. On Saturday they laid up some tables in the bar, but on Sunday we had to wait for 10 minutes.A hot chocolate from the bar, was luke warm, and the powder from the packet not completely stirred in.What upset me most was that my daughter had some perfume stolen from the room. The staff accepted no responsibility, almost doubted that anything had been taken. Whereas I will put many things in a room safe, I really did not think that it was necessary to place perfume there too. It was a great disappointment to what would have otherwise been a very nice weekend.	
Jan 15 2006	perfect location	i stayed at the hesperia from the 30th jan to the 2nd of jan with my girlfriend.we are 22 and 19.we found the hotel to be in a perfect location.literally 20 metres from victoria station, right by loads of bars, restaurants, bus stops etc. within walking distance of buckingham palace and big ben. the trains were extremely easy to use and people were more than willing to help.trains and buses were cheap and efficient.get the day pass to zones 1 and 2 which is all we needed for about £4the rooms were very comfortable and clean with a large flat screen tv and massive bed. the only criticism is that the mirror was too far from the plugs for my girlfriend to do her hair and use straighteners/hair dryer, so i would recommend taking a small mirror just in case.the staff were very friendly and i would highly recommend the breakfast buffet.fresh juices, tea, coffe and everything you could possibly want to eat, all at a very high standard.didnt have any problems with noise that other people have complained about.we were on the fourth floor though so i dont know if that helped	
Jan 5 2006	So convenient lovely stay	We arrived here in late December after getting a great deal, £89 per night for the room, no breakfast, inclusive of tax. The room was lovely, average size, nice textured brown theme on one of the walls, flat screen tv, lovely bed, average bathroom, pretty organza seperating the bed from the clothes area. The location was very convenient, it's literally outside Victoria station and we came from Gatwick which really made it ideal. We bought our breakfasts in the station, and could keep them in the minibar for the morning- we made good savings there. It is within easy walking distance of Westminster, Big Ben, The Eye, Buckingham Palace, and more than manageable to Downing St, Trafalgar Sq/Leister Sq etc, plus the bus tour companies operate round the block. The Victoria Palace theatre is again, a 4 minute walk, we went to see Billy Elliot which was fantastic. I know how worried I was when trying to book a hotel before I left, but I have to say this one is a genuine gem in terms of proximety, amenities and general niceness- we really enjoyed our stay.	
Dec 21 2005	great palce to start shopping trips	Was in Hesperia London Victoria Hotel for a shopping break (two nights), booked for 99£ on superbreak.com (including everything - breakfast, VAT, taxes).Room was modern, spaciously and clean, breakfast was ok, not famouse for spoiled swiss travellers. Staff was very polite. Everything worked fine, comparing the former hotels on the same pricelevel Hesperia London Victoria was a great deal.Location in the opposite of victoria station was a perfect point to reach all famous london shopping locations within minutes.Would definitely recommend it!	
Oct 25 2005	Extremely well placed hotel - great weekend!!	We have just spent 3 nights in the Hesperia in London and had a great weekend. The breakfasts were excellent and the lobby, bar and dining room were very clean and well kept. The staff were quite helpful and pleasant and the only disappointment was in the first room we were allocated as there was scaffolding right outside the window. On querying this at reception we were informed men WOULD be working there early in the mornings so we naturally requested a change of room. We were offered an upgrade for an extra £75 - we were very disappointed to discover we were going to be charged as we had paid upfront for the hotel in August and having had the use of our money for almost 3 months it was annoying to think we were put in this room in the first place! However, we were eventually allocated another room with a smaller bed than we had paid for and once we unpacked and resolved to &quot;make-do&quot; our stay was great. The hotel is currently being refurbished and once this is complete I'm sure it will be even better.	
Oct 22 2005	Had a Lovely Stay!	My wife and I had a lovely 2 night stay there. The staff were friendly and very helpful, the place is convenient to a huge range of London attractions and the room was spacious (Huge bed), clean and very comfortable. We recommend the place highly.	
Sep 29 2005	Loved It	I stayed here for one night and it was fabulous. The room was modern and clean.Staff were extremely friendly and helpful. It is so handy to the train and tube stations. The breakfast was excellent and had loads of choices available to suit everyone's requirements. I can't wait to return and would certainly recommend it.	
Aug 29 2005	Great breakfast nice functional hotel	Room size was good for London I suppose (executive room). Buffet breakfast was fab! Really good range (10 different fruits, full English and continental, cereals.....). Only complaint was the room and corridors were very hot, air-con was ineffective, but it was hot in London. We payed £105 for a double incl. breakfast and got a free upgrade just by being polite. We would stay here again, but on reflection we would probably prefer somewhere with more character. But for a 'holiday-inn' style hotel, it's excellent. Like other reviewers recommended, we stayed at the back and it was very quiet.	
Jun 22 2005	beat expectations	cannot fault this hotel- v reasonably priced,2 minute walk from metro, decent size rooms which were spotless, nice aircon and v quiet altho we were on the 6th floor which always helpsstaff helpful and polite and nice variety for breakfast- cannot recommend highly enough	
Jun 13 2005	CLEAN/COMFORTABLE ACCOMODATION!	My husband and I stayed at the Hesperia last month and chose the location as we had tickets to see billy Elliot at the theatre in Victoria.Directly opposite the train station and a 5 minute walk to Buckingham Palace,an ideal location.The breakfast is great,excellent choice and friendly staff and the facilities are brilliant. (sauna/jacuzzi/pool).Our room was a bit disappointing as the hotel was advertised as 4 star and the room was very similar to a travelodge/travel in room but it was very clean and comfortable.The lobby and bar and rest of the facilities were 4 star, the room 3 but overall very good.	
May 10 2005	Ready to go back again!	My husband and I just returned from London. The Hesperia London Victoria made our vacation that much more pleasant. The staff was friendly and helpful, the breakfast buffet was superb. Our room was cozy and quiet all three nights. We loved the large bathroom and the hugh bathtub. And yes, there was also a telephone in our bathroom!!! This hotel is close to the main attractions like Buckingham Palace, Big Ben, West Minister Abby, and one half block from the well known tour companies for all day sightseeing. It took up maybe two minutes to walk over to Victoria Station to catch out train back to the airport. When we go back to London we will look forward to staying here again!	
May 4 2005 	I would have rather slept in a tent	I have stayed in this hotel for one week. I am shure that they have never absorb the floor in my room. Room was uncomfortableness. Food was bad.neighbourhood is catastrophic! unreasonable prices!!! - for nothing...Don t go there...	
Mar 6 2005	Hesperia exceeded my expectations	I just got back from London and i agree with the last reviewer. The hotel staff were very friendly, the room was very clean and organized and modern. I just stayed one night there and had no problems. I would stay again. The location is very convenient - next to Victoria Station.	
Feb 8 2005	I'm not buying it	Either a lot has changed at this hotel, or the previous reviewer is making stuff up.  I stayed at the Hesperia London Victoria for a week in January. The hotel is in a very convenient location. It's very clean, the staff is friendly and helpful, and I felt completely safe in and around the hotel. For the money, it's a great choice for visitors to London. 	
Sep 29 2004	Better than Average	Having stayed in a few hotels in London on business I can say that the, now renamed, Hesperia London Victoria is one of the better ones. Yes the rooms are a little dated, and yes it can get a little noisey if you face the station and have your window open, but for the prices they charge, in a London hotel, you will rarely find better. The only real complaint that I have regarding this hotel is the leisure facilities. The gym equipment appears a bit shoddy and the room where the equipment is located is a bit cramped for all the pieces they have tried to stuff in there. Still, overall I'd stay there again.	
Sep 25 2004	An excellent hotel	I have stayed in this hotel on many occaisions and have always found the accomodation and service to be of the highest standard.Getting to the hotel is easy. This is because the hotel is right beside Victoria station - offering easy connections to the Underground and National Rail networks. (Tourist Tip: When you're leaving the mainline station, leave by Exit 1 and you'll see the hotel just across the road.)The rates for this London city centre hotel are excellent. I have also received upgrades to executive rooms and suites several times.I was sorry to learn that this hotel is no longer a franchisee of InterContinental Hotels Group's Holiday Inn brand. It is now a member of the Hesperia hotels group. However, I'm sure that the hotel will still delight you with excellent service and a warm welcome, should you choose to stay there.	
Aug 16 2004	Hotel is the Pits!	I had reservations at the Holiday Inn Victory as part of a group of 23 for 14 nights. London was having a heat wave and the air conditioning was out. They told us for 3 days that it was being fixed any minute..a lie, they were just waiting for cooler weather. The toilets did not work, some of the phones did not work. They were rude to us. We asked for fans and told no. When we asked to be moved to another hotel, the front desk manager told us in typical British condescending manner that &quot;you are not going anywhere&quot;. Lied to our travel agent saying the air was 100% working. We finally got moved to another hotel after our first three days were ruined by them. The hotel is in a good location right next to Victoria Station and apparently they feel they can treat clients any way they choose. Would never recommend this hotel.	
Aug 11 2004	Nice place!	I've stayed here on business extensively and it's a nice hotel, the staff are friendly and the gym is ok (For a hotel Gym). It's convenient for most places in London being next to the tube station and near to parks and the like.I agree that it's noisy being next to the station (The beeping through the night can drive you mad) but ask for a room that's not on the station side and you'll find it much nicer.(Being a Holiday Inn Platinum card member helps too - and I got a Christmas card last year too!)	
Jul 29 2004	One Major Problem	Nice room. Quiet for being close to station. Convenient loaction. Excellent breakfast buffet. However - air conditioner did not work and three requests to the front desk were ignored.	
Jul 21 2004	so-so hotel		
May 31 2004	Good standards and large suites		
May 20 2004	A lovely clean hotel with great location		
May 18 2004	Superb Location and Very Quiet		
May 4 2004	Good too bad the exchange rate is so terrible		
Mar 9 2004	Just what you need		
Jan 19 2004	what parking		
Oct 13 2003	No bargains in London		
May 18 2003	A superb hotel		
Apr 24 2003	Got skin rash from swimming pool		
Nov 22 2009 	No merece lo que cuesta		
Nov 13 2009 	muy buena ubicacion		
Nov 7 2009 	Bien situado cerca de Victoria Station.		
Sep 24 2009 	Equilibré.		
Sep 5 2009 	Todo un acierto		
Aug 29 2009 	??????		
Aug 28 2009 	perfecto		
Aug 21 2009 	Un poco decepcionados		
Jul 29 2009 	Excelente elección		
Apr 14 2009 	Perfecta Ubicación-Personal Amable y Eficiente		
Mar 11 2009 	EU?????WI-FI?NET????		
Jan 7 2009 	Buen hotel bien situado		
Dec 22 2008	A éviter		
Dec 12 2008 	Buen Hotel		
Oct 4 2008 	Ottima posizione per i trasporti e buoni servizi		
Feb 5 2008 	Buen hotel no te preocupes por tu inglés		
Jan 2 2008 	Un buen hotel		
Jun 29 2007 	Gerne wieder		
Feb 26 2007 	la suite para familia estupendo!		
