Nov 25 2009 	Nice Experience	Clean, relatively spacious double room with a new looking decors. Quiet neighborhood. North acton tube station is about 400 m away. Staff are friendly and helpful. I got a really nice price $99 per night excluding breakfast. Using the near tube station on the central line, one can reach central London within 25 minutes.The hotel is relatively far from city center. However, using the underground it's not that far. Hotels within city center would be expensive with small and sometimes old and dirty rooms.There are nothing to see around the area. Tessco shop on the way to tube station is handy.If you got same price for this hotel, don't hesitate to take it. If you get an expensive quotation, check other hotels near city center that are in the same price range.	
Nov 22 2009 	just great!	probably THE best hotel you'll find in such prices.just a bit far from the city center (about 20-25 min by tube) but less than 5 min walk to the tube station.very clean, very nice and helpfull staff	
Nov 17 2009 	great value friendly staff good location modern decor	We booked here for a week-end after seeing good reviews and I'm pleased to say that it met our expectations. The staff were very friendly and helpful, the rooms were pretty spacious for London and bright, clean and modern. The hotel is very close (about a 5 minute walk) to North Acton underground station so you can get into the centre of the city in about 20 minutes. There isn't a lot to do next to the hotel, we just saw one mediterranean restaurant and a Tesco Extra on the way to the station which is open from 6am - 11pm and very handy if you need any food etc. The restaurant in the hotel looked very nice though, although we didn't actually use it at all. The rooms were well sound-proofed to the outside, you could hardly hear the traffic, but we could here other people's doors banging and them moving around upstairs on the wooden floors. Over all we really liked the hotel and would recommend it!	
Nov 9 2009 	Great overnight stop with easy access into London via the Central line	We booked this hotel as a one night stop over to go and see a gig at Shepherds Bush Empire. Booked in advance via their website and got a discounted room only rate £67.50. Secure on-site car parking (additional cost of £9.95 per night) and the hotel were happy for us to leave the car there for the rest of the following day after booking out. 2 mins walk to the nearest tube (North Acton) and three stops on the central line to Shepherds Bush. However there is very little around the hotel, we found a pub around the corner and a Tesco Metro en-route to the tube station but that’s about it! The room was very good – modern decor with solid wood floors and en-suite wet room/double shower. Ideal location for our purposes, straightforward to get to from the North Circular - we would definitely stay again if going to a central London gig. Only downside was the wake-up knock on the door at 9am on Sunday morning – especially as check-out wasn’t till 11am!	
Oct 29 2009 	Definitely Good Value	We had a very enjoyable stay at the Ramada. The hotel was nicely decorated, the rooms were a good size, with all the facilities you would expect (tea/coffee, AC etc) and kept very clean, good selection for breakfast, 5 mins walk to metro so London very accessible and all for very cheap rate by London's standards. The only down sides, as other reviewers have mentioned, are that the beds are very creaky and because of the wood flooring, the noise of people in the hallways can be quite loud. I can't honestly say that these faults affected us too much but nevertheless I can see how they could easily really annoy some people and I'm surprised that these relatively simple problems haven't been rectified by the hotel, because once they do rectify these, then it most definitely will be a gem of a hotel.	
Oct 21 2009 	good value	Hotel ia a little outside London, but tube station less than 5 min walk, about 1 &amp;1/2 blocks. Nice clean , pleasant front desk employees. Good value compared to other hotels in London. Unfortunately not many resteraunts in the area....but food at hotel resteraunt very good...asian.	
Oct 20 2009 	Had a fantastic weekend	We arrived late on Friday night and the hotel was very busy but car park spaces were still available. In fact we got lost on the way and I called the hotel for directions and the chap on reception was really helpful.Saturday we were up really early to go into London for the day, the tube station is literally just a 2 minute walk away and gets you straight into the centre of London. On return we had a drink in the bar before changing and eating a lovely dinner in the &quot;Wok around the World&quot; restaurant. My only one complaint would be that they had run out of Spring Rolls for the starter and they are my favourite!!!!We have 2 children aged 12 and 6 and I would like to say how thrilled I was to find a tiny little play area in the hotel discreetly hidden behind a screen by the bar. This enabled my Husband and I to have a drink with our friends whilst my 6 year old played with the wooden train set and little &quot;laptop&quot;. So thank you to whoever came up with that idea, it was greatly appreciated!All in all I had a fantastic stay - we will definately return when we come back to London.	
Oct 18 2009 	fantastic	having stayed at this hotel before we knew what to expect. on arrivalat approx 12.30am we were suprised to find the room had been double booked and we ended up over the road in the holiday inn express, which although very clean was not as nice. we were collected by taxi and taken back to the ramada for breakfast and from that point on the duty manager could not do enough to make up for it. as always the hotel was spotless, the service excellent. other reviews moan about the location but the tube is a very short walk away and then just 20mins before you get to central london. Parking is cheap and plentiful. Then A40 is outside but never causes any problem. When booking cheap rates are always available through various websites which make it by far the best hotel for more than the price bracket suggests. The breakfast is also great as was food in the restaurant. We will stay again.	
Oct 13 2009 	Only stay here if desparate	The positive note - it's clean.The negatives:1. Location. It is a 5 minute walk from the nearest tube station (Acton North). This is a 40 minute Tube ride from central London. The hotel is situated between a self storage depot, and a VERY busy main road (poilice sirens through the night). TIP if you really must stay here turn right after the ticket barriers at Acton North Tube station and then go straight on past the Tesco and across the road. Ramada are too embarrased by this place to label it so the signs just say &quot;hotel&quot;.2. Decor. Spartan. Something went wrong with the design here - it is possible to be Scandanavian (simplicity and plenty of wood) and be comfortable. The designers for this hotel didn't get this.3. Restaurant. Style , service and food quality ok - for a motorway service station but appalling for a hotel. I have eaten in better works canteens. On my forst night the service was very slow despite the fact there were only 20 people (I counted them). The main course arrived cold. The menu is unimaginative and limited. Don't plan to eat in if you are staying for more than a couple of nights.Basically this is Rmamada's attempt to copy the Premier Inn budget format, and they have got it wrong.My advice if you are visiting London is to book in to one of the real Premier Inns (Docklands Excel for example) which are more convieient for central London and avoid this place like the plague!	
Oct 6 2009 	Excellent Hotel well located	This hotel is very good, clean airy well opened spaces and very modern, very friendly staff and located just outside the congestion zone 2 minutes off the A40. Yes if you do get a room which is over looking the A40 it would be noisey but it did not bother us. air condioned throughout and was very comfortable. Good facilities very good full english breakfast and only 4 mins walk to the tube(North Acton). Get a all day railcard for zone 1+2 for about £5.75 and hop on and off the tube as many times as you wish, only 20 mins from town centre.	
Oct 6 2009 	My best hotel experience in London	Just got home from the Ramada Encore West London and I am just thrilled about this hotel. Booked through easytobook.com and paid a pre-paid twinroom package for £108 for two persons two nights. I found the staff to very helpful, polite and pleasant. Mind you the hotel is not located in the city centre. This is a residential and corporate area, so you won't find bars, nightclubs or casinos in the area with the exception of a pub close to the tube. The hotel is aprox 3 min. walking from the North Acton tube station on the central line. A 20 minute tube ride and you're in the city centre (Tottenham Court Road).The room was trendy, spotless clean and had good space for two people. Really liked the bathroom with the plexiglass on the walls.One of very few hotels in London that still offer a smokingroom, a nice bonus. I would recommend this hotel to everyone who's looking for a cheap acommodation in London and don't mind living a bit outside of the city centre. This is by far the best hotel I've ever stayed in in London. Very pleasant staff, very pleasant hotel at a very pleasant price. Brilliant!	
Oct 5 2009 	Couldn't sleep here!	This hotel is extremely conveniently located and the initial impression was promising, but after two appalling nights' sleep not even the attractive look and good service could redeem it. My partner and I used the hotel as a base for a weekend of sightseeing and needed sleep, but found this very difficult for a number of reasons.Firstly, the beds are extremely creaky and noisy so if you are fairly light sleeper you may be woken simply by someone turning over next to you! Secondly, the corridor floors are also very creaky and so we were woken numerous times by people coming back to their rooms late at night. The soundproofing was poor and their voices came through very loudly. It only lasted as long as it took them to get to their rooms, but it was enough to wake us and disturb us.Having said all this, the room was nicely furnished and the bathroom was lovely. Other people seem to have had better experiences, but I can obviously only comment on my own. For a 3 star it is a really nice hotel, but we would not return again as we've slept better in less attractive surroundings for less money!	
Sep 27 2009 	Week end break	This is a newly and modernly decorated hotel.It is not in the central London but the tube is only 3 minutes far away and in 20min you are in central london!!!!NIce and friendly Staff. Good value for money.	
Sep 25 2009 	Pure Pleasure	A second visit to this hotel and just as good if not better than the first trip.The staff are so friendly and helpful.The breakfasts are fantastic. Fresh supplies are being brought out all the time and everything is so tasty.The whole hotel is so clean and quiet.The best bit for me was when my daughter and I asked if they possibly had a blanket for the beds. The most luxurious blankets were brought up in 3 minutes from asking and the only snag was I really didn`t want to get up in the mornings, it was so snuggly with the blankets.A fantastic place and fabulous staff.	
Sep 25 2009 	Amazing!!!	This is a newly and modernly decorated hotel. With one word: Beautiful. It is not in the central London but who cares, as the tube is only 3 minutes far away. The area might not seem very safe at night but I did not have any problems and there was always some people walking on the street even in the midnight. I will definitely stay there again. Do not stay anaywhere else in London if you have the chance to stay here.	
Sep 17 2009 	Excellent base for exploring London	Stayed for three nights and used the hotel as a base for sightseeing in London. The rooms were well decorated, clean and modern which had a nice bathroom with walk-in shower. The hotel is two minutes walk from North Acton Tube Station on the central line. The journey into central London was approximately 20 minutes.We didn't eat at the hotel, although the bar and restaraunt area looked very nice.The only criticism was the beds!!! Ours was broken and extremely uncomfortable to say the least! As we weren't staying long, we didn't complain as we didn't want to waste time having to relocate to another room.London was our first stop on a road trip, and we picked this hotel because it had a car park. For three nights stay it cost up £26 to park our car, which was secure and safe at all times.Overall, we would definately stay again and would recommend this hotel as a good base for exploring London!	
Aug 31 2009 	Good value hotel	Booked this hotel on their website and chosen because of the location. Quick and efficient check in - stylish reception. Requested a quiet room which was at the back of the hotel and I was really impressed. Wooden floor, minimalist decor, great bathroom with wet room shower, Dove cream cleanser over washbasin and in shower - no other accessories and no face cloths but what more could you want - well a face cloth actually but hey ho.Requested extra pillows which were delivered with 3 minutes. Mattress quite firm with good linen. TV, tea and coffee making facilities, hairdryer. Quite basic but still stylish, a little more up market than a Travelodge or Premier Inn. As I got a much better rate that I would have at a Travelodge, I was very happy. Parking £9.95 for 24 hours.Due to the 'minimalist' nature of the design, it did mean that you could hear your neighbours above, next door and certainly anyone in the corridor including housekeeping which I found to be the only downside. On the positives again, you have a Tesco Express within walking distance (4 mins max) and The Castle pub, again 4 mins which does excellent food, has a great atmosphere and is very reasonable.	
Aug 25 2009 	Exceptional Hotel	Excellent hotel. Went there for a weekend and could not find fault with it in any way. Food, Staff and the Hotel itself reached the highest standard possible. I will return in the future.	
Aug 23 2009 	Good Hotel but Rubbish Breakfast Service	We stayed at this Hotel in the middle of August, on the weekend of U2's Wembley Stadium concert.The good thing is that it has its own car park, which charges £9.95 per 24hrs. Though after the first night and on the weekend, there is usually ample parking on the pedestrian streets on the opposite side (about a 3 min walk from the hotel).The reception area is nicely laid out with a bar area just around the corner, and the restaurant located just on the side.The rooms were decent size, and the bed comfortable, with a clean shower room. However the bed itself was very creaky, and sounded quite weak? the shower room doesn't have a separate door for the shower area, so there is a fair amount of water splashing out into the main bathroom floor (avoided by placing the bath mat there to soak up the water).We had breakfast included, which is just as well, as there is nothing else nearby, other than a Tesco express. The breakfast runs until 11am on the weekends, on the first day we went at 9.30am, and it was the most disappointing Ramada breakfast I have ever had! We had to wait for plates, then even though they just bought out a fresh batch of bacon, it was cold, the beans were cold, the sausages were undercooked, and looked raw inside, there was no pancake mixture left in the pancake machine, the hot chocolate/coffee machine didn't work, the fruit juice machine dispensed water instead of apple juice, and the freshly brewed coffee had run out, with 3 empty jugs of coffee... This is the first time ever, I have left a cooked breakfast and had the cold continental breakfast instead. (If you read my other reviews, breakfasts are usually the strong points of Ramada hotels). On the second morning, we went to breakfast at about 10am, this time lots of things were better, but the sausages were still undercooked, and coffee machine broken, and pancake machine switched off!? (which was a shame, as previously the pancakes were one of the few things that tasted nice available for vegetarians). Also unlike most Ramada hotels, they do not make Vegi Sausages on demand, or make their hot chocolate at the bar...As has been mentioned in other reviews there is not much in the local area, you can take a walk to the parkroyal complex, though a friend of ours in the local area has since suggested against that, due to the number of violent personal crimes in the area. The complex houses the usual cinema complex places e.g. nandos, kfc, maccies etc..The North Acton tube station is literally a 5min walk, which falls into Zone 2 of the tube network, and runs along the central line.I would use this hotel again for travelling into london, though would be keeping my fingers crossed that breakfast would be upto the usual Ramada standards!	
Aug 18 2009 	Great for our needs	I spent a nigth with colleagues here, and it was everyything that we needed in the location. It is a shame that there is very little in the immediate vacinity for a meal etc, but we found the restaurant in the Hotel good with a wide choice of food available. The service was excellent throughout, even for our early breakfast at 6.30am!Would thoroughly recommend if visitng anywhere in this area.	
Aug 7 2009 	Good Bargain!	A nice room for a good price. It's easy to get to using the underground.	
Aug 7 2009 	Treasure at West End	This was my first trip to London and my last stop of my Europe tour. We stayed there from 11 - 14 Jun and the place is fantastic. We decided not to stay in central london so we have a chance to travel a bit and try out the tube. This place was just perfect due to its proximity on the central tube line in North Acton, which is just 10mins walk away and we can still get our daily needs from Tesco store located in between the tube station and hotel. Its quiet at night just what we need after a long day. Staff are friendly and approachable even there was once when we exit on the wrong side of the floor that we took the unfamiliar staff lift up and down to ground level figuring out the exit, the staff was helpful enough to lead right the way out. The room is spacious and most importantly clean. There isnt a wardrobe but a hanging area just outside the shower which is not something we really minded. We ordered room service - asian delicacies; seafood fried rice, spring rolls and the thai green curry chicken was so welcoming although a the curry was bit salty for my taste everything was perfect. The huge mouth watering beef burger platter with fries and pizza over lunch was superb!! We totally enjoyed our stay and for an advance purchase we had quiet a savings at GBP68 p/nite. No hotels in central london could ever beat that. Definitely worth it!!!	
Aug 3 2009 	Pleasantly suprised.	After an indifferent stay at the Travelodge a mile up the A40 last year, I was a bit uncertain about this place. However, I was pleasantly suprised! The hotel was clean, quiet, modern &amp; with good facilities (important things like a good shower &amp; a comfortable bar!) It was just over a 5 minute walk to the tube &amp; then only 20 minutes into central London (Oxford Ciircus etc.)....an added &amp; convenient bonus was the Tesco Express just outside the tube station. I read that one reviewer didn't feel safe in the area...my view would be that there's nothing to feel unsafe about as there is NOTHING in the area (apart from the biggest Carphone Warehouse I've ever seen!) Other useful &quot;amenities&quot;....Europe's largest shopping mall,&quot; Westfield&quot;, a 10 minute tube ride away (White City). Multiplex cinema,Bowling fast food etc. at the Royale Leisure Park;- a 20 minute WALK along the A40 in the direction of Buckinghamshire!	
Jul 26 2009 	Nice hotel	Good priced hotel..clean rooms and friendly staff. It's very close to a tube stop, but a bit of a journey to the city centre. The wooden floors can be noisy in the rooms, we could hear our neighbours , especially if they were wheeling their luggage around on the floors. I would recommend this hotel.	
Jul 25 2009 	Good experience	Pluses: Clean and nice rooms. Looked relatively new. Friendly and responsive staff. Closeness to tube (3 min walk). Good value for money.Minuses: Distance (not too bad though; ~30 min to center of town zone 1); parking is 10 pounds.Others: If driving, ask for directions (entrance not obvious and with all the one way roads, can be hard to get to).	
Jul 25 2009 	excellent value	Lovely new hotel and excellent value for the price. Far from central London but you do have a tube within an easy walk (5 minutes with Tesco Express conveniently on the way) and the rooms are nice and clean with a lovely view. Internet for extra charge.	
Jul 22 2009 	Great hotel great location great price	Just got back from a whistlestop tour of London with husband and 12 year old son. The hotel is very modern, very clean, quieter than I expected and the service was great. A 5 min walk to the tube station too. Why would you stay anywhere else? I'd definately recommend this hotel for a short trip. It's a stones throw from Wembley too.	
Jul 14 2009 	Clean 	Modern build but has managed to instil an ambience that is restful and yet gives a feeling of space.Likes: Size of room, king size bed, walk-in shower, bar, coffee lounge (open 9-5), good breakfast, internet (£1 charge for 20mns). Nice breakfast (full £9.95/continental £7.95), easy access from North Acton station (only 20mns from Oxford Circus on central line), friendly and efficient receptionDislikes: Food menu felt a little `packaged' and just pushing the price barriers at around £9-£10 for bar meals. On the plus side there is Tesco outlet near the tube station that is open 6-11 and a Turkish restaurant if you need choice.Overall: Good value for money at £64 (without breakfast) Stay again: Yes, definitely	
Jun 25 2009 	extremely pleasant stopover	We stayed in this hotel for one night only. It was booked for us (and paid for) by the BBC so I'm not sure what the rate is and whether it was value for money. Someone told me that the price was good value The rooms were bright and airy and of a good size. The bathroom was excellent with a wet room shower - ideal for me since I have some mobility problems and can find it difficult to step into some showers. We had drinks and a bar meal. The bar was very welcoming and the service here was excellent. I should like to single out the Turkish gentleman behind the bar for special praise. The food was adequate and reasonably priced. My only reservation about this hotel would be its location. The roads surrounding the hotel are very busy and there's nothing around the hotel except office blocks. It's about 10 minutes walk to the nearest underground and bus stops.	
Jun 11 2009 	Good value very comfortable and clean	I was put up in this hotel by my company but have since looked up their tariff with a view to returning next time I visit London for pleasure. On the basis of what experienced, and the fact it's in London, it's pretty good value.The hotel is quite new and is exceptionally clean and bright, and although it is geared towards the business traveller it doesn't have the bland feel that hotels of that type can have, and indeed many couples and families were staying there during my trip.I was very impressed with my room. The double bed was extremely comfortable and although I didn't have to use the sofa as a sofa bed it was very comfy for watching TV and drinking a cuppa. Tea and coffee facilities are provided, which you don't always get in London hotels. The rooms are air-conditioned, the curtains blocked out all light and I couldn't hear any London noise.The bathroom has a wet room-style and again, exceptionally clean. The shower was very efficient, powerful and warm. Good quality (Lux) shower gel and hand wash are provided, attached to the wall by the shower and sink.The hotel has a cafe open during the day selling paninis and Starbucks coffee. During the evening there's a bar selling snacks and a restaurant offering more substantial meals. I bought a vegie wrap on my second night and didn't have a panic attack at the price. I think the only downside to this hotel is one of it's plusses. It's on a kind of business estate. My room looked out on to a massive Carphone Warehouse, and once I got back to my hotel each night there didn't appear to be anything worth doing in the local area. I didn't wander that far, however! But in some ways the location is GREAT. The hotel is VERY close to North Acton tube station, which is on the Central Line. I would thorougly recommend this hotel for visits to central London for all the reasons above but also because it's better value than more centrally-located hotels, quieter and on my experience, nicer.I don't know how much they charge for their car park but it was very large. A Tesco Express is a couple of minutes away, en route to the tube station, so if you don't want to pay £10 for a breakfast you can pick up snacks there.I had the breakfast, which offers quite a lot of choice. Hot drinks, juices, cereals, toast, croissant, pancakes, cold meats and cheese, fresh fruit. I didn't try the cooked breakfast, which was self-service from a bain-marie. Would I pay £10 to eat it again? Probably not, but that's because I wouldn't pay £10 for a breakfast, not a reflection on the quality.	
Jun 6 2009 	Nice expierence	I went to London for a 3 day vacation and wanted to spend most of my time in Central London. It is a mordern looking hotel, very nice lobby and bar. Excellent rooms, bathroom and room view!For breakfast I enjoyed very good quality of tea and coffee even cappucino, milk and chocolate, cornflakes, croissant, fresh bread and marmelade. The hotel itself was very modern, clean and well looked after. I had no problems during my stay and would recommend anyone who is on a budget to book this hotel. The nearest tube is literally 2 minutes walk. That´s very important!!!!	
May 24 2009 	One of the best 3 star hotels in London?	Spend three nights there with my daughter while visiting London. This hotel is placed directly to a main road from Oxford with a lot of traffic in daytime - and in the evening and night fantastic quiet. A very good location less than 500 meters from a tube station. 25 minutes from London City. Middle Eastern - and cheap -restaurant about 300 meters aweigh and close to the tube station. The hotel has its own restaurant with reasonable prices. Very nice and clean rooms with coffee and tea making facilities. Beautiful bathroom. Nice staff. Breakfast was bought additionally, 10 pounds for a limited variaty of food. But still okay compared to the room price. Only complaint was the Inernetaccess. I wrote this in a review and in a few days got an email from the hotel. Great response! I recommend this hotel to family and friends and would definately go there again next time we go to London.	
May 22 2009 	Nice hotel close to tube stop	This hotel was a good price and close to the tube stop. It would have been perfect if breakfast would have been included in the price. Even coffee and rolls would have been great. We did not want the expensive buffet every day. Reception stafff were very helpful and helped us with a cab rental problem. They were always very friendly and helpful.House keeping only gave us towels for 2 people and we had 3 so, every day we had to request more. They do not give you wash cloths. Even if you ask. Maybe they do not use them in London???? There really are not any restaurants nearby, except a pub that shuts the kitchen down early, so eat before going back to the hotel. There is a Tesco on the next block and it is great for getting juice and rolls for the morning. We bought alot there.Did not try the food at the hotel as it appeared over priced.The rooms were clean and big enough. The shower stall does not have a curtain, so it is a bit strange if you are note all family in one room. There are no closets, but a few hangers on hooks. Over all the room was nice and the bed comfortable. Even the roll away was comfortable.We would stay here again. It was an easy and cheap ride to Heathrow. Just a few stops. Being close to the tube made it a real bonus even if it was near the end of the line. I would rather ride than walk.	
May 19 2009 	Excellent Hotel and good value	I stayed here for one night with friends whilst going to see Joseph in the city centre. The reception staff are pleasant and friendly and responsive to requests. I asked for soya milk and extra pillows for our room and both were provided promptly by friendly staff. Our room was large sized and clean with a good shower in the bathroom area. The double glazing removes nearly all traffic noise and the room is air conditioned so no need to be uncomfortable. The walk to the tube is about 5 mins and then its about 20 to the centre on the central line so it's fairly easy to get into town. Breakfast is self service and there is plenty of it and it is good quality with lots of variety. No waiting around to be offered tea and coffee either as it's all there waiting so you can have as much as you like, when you like.We would definitely stay here again.	
May 17 2009 	Good Hotel but would not recommend for family	We stayed at this hotel for six nights and had booked family room which includes a double bed and a sofa-bed. Due to the small size of the room, this arrangement left absolutely no extra space and room looked extremely cramped.As for the other things; hotel is very clean n tidy, the staff was very polite and helpful.Hotel has a small play area for kids by the sandwich bar.Tesco and a Lebanese restaurant are on the way to Central line tube station which is just few mins. awayAll in all, its a good value for money but I would never stay at this hotel if I'm going with my family. The hotel suits more for business travellers or couples on tight budget.	
May 4 2009 	Good Rooms 	We were there for 4 nights, and enjoyed our stay. A few minutes walk from the Central Line, so quite easy to get to the city. Rooms are a good size, bathroom was spotless. Breakfast was good quality, selection was large. Friendly service. Would stay again.	
Apr 27 2009 	Very good quality for the price	We had a weekend stay in London and previously done a review search concerning affordable hotels. After being scared about some horrible centrally located hotels descriptions we traded location for quality and we're not disappointed at all. Ramada hotel is 5 minutes walking from the North Acton metro station that is on the Central Line with direct connection to city centre (30-45 minutes). The rooms are properly maintained; furniture and amenities tidy as well. The cleaning service is spotless and all the staff members with whom we interacted (reception desk, bar) were obliging and very friendly.The surroundings are decent even though apart from a Lebanese bar there’s little else entertainment we found about. For a short-to-medium stay, it’s an ideal place to accommodate, away from the noise and crowdedness but with easy connections to most of London’s famous tourist places.	
Apr 21 2009 	Spotlessly clean quality affordable hotel!	My wife and I and a few family and friends were in London for the F.A. Cup semi-finals. Our friend found a geat deal and so booked us all into here. The hotel was excellently located for our needs, staright off the M40 onto A40 then directly to the hotel. Parked up in the hotel car park for the week-end and used the local tube station , into the centre, two minutes away. The rooms are big and clean and the shower certainly woke you up in the mornings, then down to one of the best buffet breakfasts i've had in many a hotel!We just loved it, but then we did win and we'll be back again for the final in May! No cheap deal next time, but still great value.	
Apr 17 2009	Clean tidy lovely staff great breakfasts	Only 3 minutes walk to North Acton station on the central line, 45 minutes from Kings Cross, and 20 minutes to central London. The hotel is situated on a bust road so if you can, get a bedroom on the other side, this was my 2nd stay and I did just that, and slept much better.Staff are friendly and welcoming, hotel is clean, though one of our towels did have a mark on it, I just put it on the floor and with the clean my room sign, fresh ones were brought.Breakfasts are fantastic, wide range of food to choose from and regularly topped up with fresh.And, a lovely touch, we asked for blankets and they were provided, lovely, soft fluffy blankets, that made it feel homely	
Apr 9 2009 	Good hotel with good location	Only 3mins from underground and clean rooms with asian style.Breakfast was best ever in this price....Really recommendable.	
Mar 26 2009	We'll definitely be back!	After several visits to London where we've stayed in the center of town in hotels that could be classified as &quot;less inviting&quot; we decided to find out the possibilities a bit out of town - and then again, the Encore is only 15 minutes from Oxford Circus via the tube!Very impressed by the hotel itself, very clean and welcoming, and very nice staff.The room was large compared to what we're used to, and nicely decorated - only things we lacked was some shelves or something to place our clothes on :-(The breakfast was not included, but we decided to get it anyway the first morning to try it out - we had seen the prices, and it seemed pretty expensive (10£ per person), but we were surprised! First of all, the breakfast was really good - and second of all, children under 15 eat free, so we had breakfast - 2 adults and a 13-year-old boy - for 20£, and didn't really need anything else before evening :-)I would recommend the hotel in a heartbeat, and we're definitely going to check this hotel for availability next time we visit London!	
Mar 24 2009 	Realy Good Value	On the Central underground line 20 minutes from central London. Good clean and well run. Get top floor if you can - all rooms have wood floors and high heels in the room upstairs are noisy! Good value and quality for business in London	
Mar 20 2009 	A definite recommendation	We experienced no problem with our staying in Ramada (February 2009). The room was great and clean and the staff always kind and available. Although North Acton is about 20' from London downtown, the undergroun station is a 2' walk from the Hotel which makes transportation very comfortable.	
Feb 23 2009 	Good location	Location is good if you are driving as it is about a 10min drive off the M1 and 10 min drive to wembley.Hotel is a 2min walk to the North Action train/tube station and is the central line which goes direct into London. Cost £5.60 for a dy ticket up to 9.30pmMake sure you take your booking confirmation with you as we booked a double but had put us in a twin, our package included breakfast but both mornings they said that we had to pay for our breakfast until we showed them our confirmation. Parking is £10 a day within the hotel grounds. Rooms have most things that you require. Bathrooms are a good size.	
Feb 20 2009 	Superb hotel easy reach of London via tube	We have stayed at this hotel a couple of times and we think it is really good value and in a great location. It is in easy reach of the nearest tube station which will get you into central london in no time. We chose it as it has a car park which wasn't too expensive and easily found.The hotel is very clean and well kept. It is very modern in style and the breakfast was very good, a self service hot breakfast. The rooms are very modern and of a good size with a good bathroom and most importantly they are very clean. The staff were all very helpful.At around £50 per room per night, you can't go wrong. A great hotel.	
Feb 15 2009 	Perfect location very contemporary and clean will definitely be back	We went to London for the weekend, just wanted to see a show and some sights and weren't disappointed in the slightest. The hotel was very well kept, such a modern and contemporary look we just thought it was great. It was only a 2 min walk from the hotel to North Acton the nearest tube, no hassle atall and without any changes we were bang in the centre of London.One thing we did notice was the lack of trust the hotel had in its guests, all parking and other bills had to be paid up front, I guess incase anyone does a runner. Even our breakfast had to be paid before we could even set foot in the eating area. However I suppose you're going to pay anyway its no big deal. We will definitely be going back, its so easy to find (with a sat nav of course) and within such easy access of central London (in zone 2 saving money on tube day travel card). Just book it, you wont regret it.	
Jan 23 2009 	Definitely stay at the Ramada Encore L/W again !!!	We chose the Ramada Encore for it's location and price. Stayed for 3 nights between Christmas and New Year as a family sightseeing trip.We got the family room at a special advance rate of £59.95 per night and were definitely not disappointed with the accommodation on offer. Rooms were small and basic but warm and clean.We opted to dine in the 'Wok Around The World' restaurant within the hotel for the first night. Bad choice. The food was partially cold when it arrived and was vastly over-priced. We chose the 'spaghetti bolognese' from the childrens menu for our 2 year old daughter. I tasted it. It was actually noodles, with minced beef and some kind of 'meaty' gravy. No sign of tomato. She hated it.Little did we know there was a nice Lebanese restaurant about 100m walk away!With that said, the breakfast was excellent. £9.95 per person but a choice of continental &amp; English breakfast items. No cost for our daughter - which I thought was a good gesture!The location for London City Centre &amp; the attractions couldn't have been better. North Acton underground station on the Central Line was just a short walk away from the hotel car park.If travelling by car, as we did, be warned, the car parking will cost you £10 per 24 hours on top of your bill.Overall, a great time spent in London and cannot complain at the Ramada Encore or it's staff so will definitely be staying there again.	
Jan 18 2009 	Clean no major complaints but certainly get what you pay for	I was booked in here for 4 nights business at White city. In that sense it was a great location for work and indeed only took around 20mins to reach oxford street by the nearby tube.The hotel staff are pretty helpful and friendly and the hotel is very clean which is great for a budget hotel. The maid service was exceptional as on more than one occassion I had a chance to leave the hotel later than 12 and always arrived back to find a made up room.The only downsides to this hotel were the smaller details such as quite thin walls (meaning you are at the mercy of the guest next door and their tv), the beds which I felt were a bit on the cheap side and the wooden floors throughout meaning a lot of noise from people coming and going. I can't really complain these features are part of the price point but it would stop me recommending to my close friends. I would say if you want somewhere cheap and clean to stay its a winner but take on board the noise and the location it being on a business park next to the west way. It is easy to travel to on the central line but you are out of it in many ways. Great for business on short stays, not one for the romantic weekend.	
Nov 4 2008 	Loved the Encore London West	Just back from a 2 night bed and breakfast stay at the Ramada Encore London West.Decided to take my hubby and son to &quot;the big smoke&quot; to see some sights and take in a show. I booked the hotel via Superbreak, which included our breakfast on both mornings.The hotel was a nightmare to locate but that was thanks to &quot;Tom Tom's&quot; anaylsis of what road we were on! However, after a bit of driving up and down and round n round, we got there! On site is a large car park, which is charged @ £1 per hour, upto a maximum of £9.95 for 24 hours.We checked in quickly and without fuss and were allocated room 515 on the 5th floor. Our initial observation of the hotel after checking in and walking to the lift was that everything appeared to be spotless, and there was lots of cleaning going on!Our room was a delight - absolutely pristine with a double bed and a sofa bed for our son. There was a desk with a tv and a chair plus a couple of bedside cabinets. However, there was no wardrobe or drawers to put your clothes away but there was a unit attached to the wall with a few coathangers where you could hang your clothes up. The lack of cupboard and drawer space was not an issue for us as we were only there a couple of days and I cannot imagine that most people would be there for much longer.The bathroom was also spotless and Dove handwash and shower creme was provided. No bath but a large, walk in shower. We didn't have enough towels when we arrived so made a quick call to reception and in less than 5 minutes, additional towels (and pillows!) were delivered to the room.Our impression of the staff was that they couldn't do enough for you and we were asked several times if everything was ok. In addition, the ladies cleaning the rooms were very courteous and also said &quot;hello .... how are you?&quot; whenever we saw them in the hotel corridors when walking back to our room.Breakfast was served in the ground floor dining area and was very nice. It was a help yourself affair with cereals, muffins, croissants, pancakes, boiled eggs, toast and jam plus a full English selection of sausages, bacon, tomatoes, mushrooms, scrambled egg and baked beans. On the first morning, the bacon and sausage looked a little undercooked but on the second morning it was perfect and set us up nicely for the day.The North Acton underground station was easy to find - come out of the hotel, turn left and keep walking!!! I noticed that some reviewers have said it was 2 mins walk away but I think anyone would be hard pushed to get there that quickly!!! At a push I think you would be looking at at least 5 mins but a nice, gentle stroll and in 10 mins and you're there. The station is on the Central line (right on the edge of zone 2) and it takes about 20 minutes to get to central London - ie, Marble Arch, Piccadilly Circus, Kensington etc.All in all, we had a great stay and would definitely recommend this hotel. That said, it would not suit those people who want all that London has to offer immediately on their doorsteps. You need to be prepared to travel to the sights but it was easy to do so.	
Oct 6 2008 	Incompetent Staff - Never Again	I booked the 10day advance - non refundable rooms from Toronto, Canada.I arrived at the Hotel around 5pm with my boyfriend. Being sick and traveling all day, all I wanted was my room. We were greeted and told that the room we reserved would take 40minutes to get ready. I was stunned because it never takes more than 20minutes or so to freshen up a room. We were told that we could have a room with 2 single beds which we refused. He swiped my credit card and I paid for the rooms. We opted waited in the lobby until the room was ready.Not even 10 minutes later, the staff comes up and says, &quot;I am sorry there was a mistake, there is not a single room in the entire hotel that is available.&quot; One would think if the whole hotel is booked off, it would be common knowledge to all staff. I was angry since I had already paid and didn't understand why a room booked in advance was not available. He said &quot;Well it happens&quot;, rather than apologize. I angrily demanded to know what I was supposed to do. He said they arranged for us to stay at the Holiday Day Inn Express which was a few minutes walk. Oh and guess what? We didn't have to pay for the room! Well I should think not seeing as I had already paid.The staff at the Holiday Inn were wonderful. We got a complimentary breakfast. The next morning we checked in at the Ramada. We had to ask to speak to a manager about the whole mess. All the staff's attitude towards the mixup was very nonchalant. The manager offered us complimentary breakfast for the mixup, which I said wasn't sufficient since they wasted our time: sorting out a hotel, walking over, unpacking, repacking the next day, checking back into Ramada, unpacking again. We were in London for 3 days, and it was a waste of valuable time. It was also stressful. After us fussing, they gave us a free night.I would have gladly paid double if it meant we got our rooms on time without any stress. I'll never stay at the Ramada again.Room: very clean and modern, Wifi didn't work and was expensive.	
Oct 2 2008 	lovely place to be in	Extremely good place to be in London. Very polite and helpful staff. Good room, clean. Worth the price. Blonde Lady at the front desk was very courteous and helpful.	
Oct 1 2008 	Very comfortable stay at the Ramada	I was attending a meeting that, for whatever reason, decided to locate itself in West London -- specifically, Acton. Ours is not to reason why. The meeting and accommodation was booked in at the Ramada Encore, which is very close to the Tube station (2 minutes walk). The hotel is a new build, and as such is neat, tidy and clean. I had a comfortable room on the 4th floor. The room was quite spacious for London, and very clean and comfortable; I was not disturbed at all by street noise (there is a busy road nearby) and traffic.Pros:+ clean, new rooms and bar space+ easy access to public transport (Tube, bus) and convenient for Heathrow.+ decent price for a London hotel+ restaurant was reasonable for an evening mealCons:- it's in the middle of a commercial estate, with lots of large corporate behemoths nearby -- not what you would call scenic- nothing much to do in the neighbourhood. There is a pub nearby, and a couple of small restaurants and a Tesco. Hope on the Tube and in 15-20 minutes you are in central London- the restaurant and bar were vastly overpriced, presumably thinking they had a captive audience. I skipped the overpriced (and apparently average) breakfast and nipped to the nearby Tesco Express for some fruit and yogurt. There's a Starbucks in the hotel where you can get a good coffee at standard Starbucks prices.It's a comfortable hotel, and I was impressed with its overall quality. I'd stay again for a meeting or for an overnight prior to an early morning flight from Heathrow (certainly it is more peaceful than airport hotels)!	
Sep 2 2008 	GREAT	What a great hotel. Modern, clean, great location. Just a couple of minutes walk to the Acton North Underground Station. Parking in hotel car park a piece of cake...would definitely use this hotel next time I stay in London, A great little find!Family friendly, breakfast to die for (even have a pancake machine), eggs cooked to perfection.	
Aug 30 2008 	Quiet and Clean!	This hotel was great. It was a 2-3 minute walk max from the North Acton tube station and the commute to London was 10-15 minutes. The property was clean and the staff was friendly and eager to help. If I find myself in London again, I will definitely be staying here.	
Jul 16 2008 	Lovely hotel near nowhere.	We stayed here a few years ago. It was a lovely new hote at the timel. The rooms are spacious and modern. The walk in shower was lovely. It's a very nice hotel but a long way from the city.I'd recommend if you were staying close but not if you are wanting to visit the sights in London.	
Jun 30 2008	You get what you pay for	On the plus side, the room was clean, modern and nicely decorated. It's very close to the underground station (central line) and gets you into the center of London in 15 minutes.On the negative side, we were woke up early in the morning by noisy maids who persistently knocked on our door despite our sleeping zzzzz label on the knob!!!The breakfast was very average (no ham, almost no cheese, terrible scrambled eggs!!).A NIGHTMARE TO FIND BY CAR!! Don't take the wrong turn or you'll spend an extra hour in the car.	
Jun 20 2008 	Excellent Value	My girlfriend and I stayed at this hotel from June 8th-13th 2008. The overall quality and value was excellent, and I will try to address the key issues that would be relevant to a potential guest.1) Location - The hotel is not in central London, but is a 20 minute tube (subway) ride from the Bond street station (Central line). From there, you transfer to the Jubilee line south and in 5 mins you are at Picadilly Circus. It is important to bear this mind If you expect to be right downtown. The station near the hotel is North Acton, and you literally walk 300m in a straight line between two apartment buildings to get to it; a 5 min walk maximum. As we were spending all our days sightseeing, the location wasn't an issue for us. If arriving from Heathrow the hotel is easy to get to - Take the Heathrow Connect train (cheaper than the express) to Ealing Broadway station and take the tube or a taxi from there (less than 10 pounds). The only problem is you can't check in until after 1 pm so if you arrive early you can check your bags and hit the town.2) Comfort - Very modern hotel with spacious, clean and comfortable rooms. Air conditioning a nice touch. The bed in our room was a little soft, and the pillows a bit thin, but overall very good and nothing worth going on about. Hardwood floors, nice bathroom. Only a shower (good pressure) - no bath tub. Lots of towels. No safe or mini-fridge in the room. We didn't notice any traffic noise and we were on the 3rd floor. Coin internet (1 pound) in lobby.3) Price - Well worth the money and an excellent value. We didn't have the breakfast included, and if I could do it again I would opt for this as there are limtied (read- almost none) dining options around so you have to get into central London for some chow.All in all I highly recommend this hotel for anyone who doesn't mind a little bit of local travel to get to teh attractions but wants cleanliness and comfort at a reasonable price. Meets or exceed North American standards in most respects.	
Jun 6 2008 	i want an encore stay	i loved the hotel and loved the location, outside the congestion charge zone with train station a few minutes away.staff very friendly. my room kept in tip top shape and clean as a whistle.Great food in the evening and faciltes easy to use.The price was very affordable which meant more spending money.	
Jun 6 2008 	Great Hotel!	I stayed in Ramada Encore for two nights just for a quick getaway with my partner. The hotel was fantastically clean, the rooms where cleaned everyday. Everything was in good condition so there is nothing much I can really say other than the conditions were fantastic!The bathroom was spotless and modern...with piles and piles of towels different sizes, enough to last you a week! :) The station is literally 2/3 minutes walk away from the hotel, so is the Tesco's which is very convenient! there is a local fish and chips shop, and Indian take away about 5mins away, so food isn’t really an issue, they also had their own restaurant and bar for those who want to eat in and have a few drinks. The only thing that bothered me about this hotel and which I think lets itself down in a way is the banging of doors early in the morning, you can literally hear all the doors from he floors above and along the corridor constantly banging close while the maids are going in and out, and you can hear loud footstep just as much as the banging. So in that sense during the morning you will be woken up with an alarming sound of doors!!!Other than the noises I would definitely say this is a great hotel to stay in!!	
Jun 3 2008 	Loved Ramada Encore London West	We stayed in Ramada in early May for 3 nights - 4 adults &amp; 2 children in 2 family rooms. Booked it on recommendation from a friend. We were in London to do some sightseeing &amp; our experience with this hotel was excellent.With 2 children travelling in our party it was an excellent choice. Okay its not in the centre of London but that wasn't an issue. 5 min walk to the tube station which is on the Central Line &amp; never waited longer than about 2 min for a tube. Felt very safe returning to the hotel at night. Approx 15 minutes into centre of London (Marble Arch, Bond Street, Oxford Circus etc). When we booked our stay we were offered a special package which included free admission with fast pass to London Eye &amp; Madame Tussauds. Buffet breakfast was great &amp; set you up for the day. Something for everyone. Didn't actually eat in the restaurant at night. Staff were all very helpful with the booking of attractions, directions etc. Staff in the bar &amp; restaurant were all friendly.The rooms were lovely clean &amp; modern. Some people have complained about noice from the wooden floors but none of us noticed it.Would recommend this hotel to anyone travelling to London &amp; suggest that you are not put off by the journey into Central London. We priced hotels in the city centre &amp; for the same standards they worked out a lot dearer.	
May 30 2008 	Great Hotel	Stayed here for one night. Very professional, efficient and welcoming reception. Rooms very comfortable although wooden floors can be noisy especially 1st thing in the morning when everyone starts moving. Very good restaurant and breakfast with a wide variety of choice. Excellent service in restaurant. Large carpark and close tube station. I would certainly stay here again and have given leaflets to friends.	
May 27 2008 	Good value	The Ramada Encore London West is a good value hotel. It has modern looking decor, a friendly staff, and a location that is close to the metro (a 2 minute walk to north acton station which is on the central line).In regards to the rooms themselves, they are new looking and clean but the beds are a little bit on the hard side.With that said, a few of the gotchas that I found with the hotel are:- No in room safe (but there is a free safe at the front desk you can use).- Very expensive internet access (15 pounds per day).- Bland breakfast buffet.Overall however, the hotel was a good value and I would stay here again. You will not mistake it for a luxury hotel, but you won't have any problems or worries about your stay.Notes and tips:- There is a convenience store near the metro station on the walk to the hotel that sells fresh baked pastries in the morning that can serve as a light breakfast.- If traveling to the hotel from the airport by metro then be aware that you will have to make a couple of transfers at stations that may or may not have working elevators. We had to carry our luggage up and down several flights of stairs.- If you are arriving by metro the first time at North Acton station then you need to turn RIGHT when exiting the station to get to the hotel. We went left when we arrived, sigh.- We had good luck with Evan Evan tours on our trip. Haven't tried any of the other tour operators, but the two tours we took with them were comfortable. Compared to seeing some of the sites ourselves we found the tours to have a bit less time at the stops but to be more relaxing and stress free.	
Apr 11 2008 	Great value for London	Stayed at this Ramada over the Easter weekend and was suitably impressed. Convenient to central London using the underground, helpful staff, spacious room and modern furnishings. Easy enough walk from the subway station: turn right as you come out of the station, go up the stairs and then walk inbetween the 2 buildings - just follow the path directly in front of you. Tesco Express supermarket conveniently located on your left. Cross the road in front of you and you'll see the red hotel building down the road on the right. Be advised that the wind does gust terribly between the 2 buildings - if you are walking with small children and heavy luggage, it will be a challenge. The wind was strong enough for an adult female to battle to remain upright, so please take this into account on bad weather/windy days. It's a safe area and I was never worried about personal safety. My only minor issue with the hotel room itself was not the noise from above because I honestly didn't hear anything, but noise from the corridor outside my room from an early hour was definitely enough to disturb me. The rolling of suitcases and the maids' carts echoes quite badly - I highly recommend a set of ear plugs if you need to sleep in. Other than that, I would stay here again in a heartbeat. Yes, it's not in the centre of London, but so many of the attractions are spread all over the city and you will have to use public transport to reach them in any case. Staying just outside the city centre gives you much better value for money. Please be advised that a taxi ride from Heathrow to the hotel cost approx. £44 - a massive amount for many travelers, especially if you are alone in the taxi and don't have anyone to share the fare.	
Mar 25 2008 	Amazing hotel! Stay Stay Stay!	This is one excellent hotel!We stayed for three nights during a romantic long weekend in London. The hotel is situated quite far out of Central London, but don't let this put you off - It's just a two minute walk from North Acton station on the Central Line, which wizzes right into Baker Street and Oxford Circus, and from here you can get to pretty much anywhere.The hotel is right on the side of a busy road - but as other reviews say, and to our total astonishment - as soon as you enter the building the road does not exist anymore. We didn't hear the road once during our stay, they must make the windows out of NASA grade glass!The whole hotel is very clean and well looked after, the entry lobby particularly lavish and welcoming. We found the staff extremely friendly and willing to help. Always smiles and eye contact which makes the difference (we both used to work for Disney and know how professional it is to be personable with guests).The room was nothing short of perfect - looked brand new. The lighting was very soft and atmospheric, with about 8 lights around the room that you could control individually. Lots of coffee and tea making goodies and a great television. The bathroom was spotless and what us Brits would call 'posh'. One minor niggle - the shower was warm, but not quite as powerful as we would have liked, it was also a bit of a strange angle - but it still did the job very well. My partners one complaint was the hair dryer - it had to be activated by holding down a button and it was very tiresome - bring your own!Our only complaint about the room was the laminate wood floors - it was very noisy to walk on, and you can hear the room above make their every step (as well as hearing their doors slamming) - I did loose some sleep the last night because the family above must have been getting ready to leave for the airport at 4am!Breakfast was fantastic. Lots of hot and cold food, yogurt, bread, cheese, sausages, eggs, bacon, cereals, waffles, pancakes etc etc...all arranged in a cute buffet, which was re-stocked every 10 minutes or so. If you stay - join their free rewards scheme - there is no catch and you get a free gift bag with bottles of water and chocolate just for signing up - yum!Overall - wonderful wonderful hotel!	
Mar 16 2008	Loved the Ramada!	Ramada Encore London west was an amazing experience. I have travelled all around the globe and have been to London alot of times as well, but this was the first time I stayed in this hotel. I went to London for a 5 day vacation and wanted to spend most of my time in Central London. For that reason I was very skeptical about this hotel as it was a little far away from say Oxford Street or thats what I read in the other reviews before making my reservation. Anyways I made the reservation in this hotel because it seemed very contemporary and it really was. It was a mordern looking hotel, very nice lobby and bar. Excellent rooms, bathroom and room view! North Acton Station was like 2-3 mins walking distance from the hotel and the underground ride to Oxford circus took less than 15 mins!! which is not bad at all!! .. The only drawback to the hotel was the wooden floors they have in the rooms and the high priced internet. But then again when all the other things were A+ then i didnt mind the other 2 at all! There is a Tesco between the hotel and the train station where you can get all your daily stuff ... Over all the hotel was excellent and very reasonable for the price as well!	
Mar 7 2008 	Excellent Value	I stayed here for three nights while on a short leisure trip to London. Having booked a couple of months in advance the hotel was a bargin. Located two minutes walk from North Acton Tube station the journey into Oxford Street only takes about 15-20 minutes.The hotel itself was very modern, clean and well looked after. I had no problems during my stay and would recommend anyone who is on a budget to book this hotel. The breakfast was excellent but this was included in my room rate but provided a good start to the day so would also recommend this even if you have to pay extra.The only tip if you are a light sleeper is to ask for a room at the back overlooking the car park as the rooms on the other side with the main road can be busy the whole night. This was not a problem for me but could be for other people.	
Mar 4 2008 	Great Value Hotel	Stayed at the Encore with my husband and son 1st March.The check in process was very easy and quick, we had the room rate confirmed to us upon check in so we knew that we were going to be charged the correct rate at the end of our stay.Reception was modern and very clean, with lots of chairs around for resting in.Our room was spotlessly clean. We had a standard double bed plus a sofa bed for our son. Bedlinen was lovely white crisp linen. Lighting in the room was sufficient with various lamps and wall lights. A television was provided together with the usual tea and coffee making facilities. The bathroom was again very modern in design, with a walk in shower.Check out was busier than checking in, but still very efficient. We were charged the correct amount plus £9.95 for parking for 24 hours (which is what was stated on the website so no surprises there). We paid £60 for the room and couldn't fault it at all. Very helpful staff completed our stay.Logistically - the hotel is great for central London. The nearest tube is literally 2 minutes walk.	
Jan 27 2008 	it was marvelous	I was in that hotel during my vacation for New Year. everything was better than i ever thought. Our room view to the road at 6 floor and the view was lovely.small village houses all around and no noise at all allthough it was just above the road. it was excellent choice and i would like to thank all previous visitors of trip advisor because i found it from trip advisors reviewers.the breakfast was the big surprise!!they had fresh fruit like melon, watermelon and ananas!i am from greece but our hotel never serve expensive fruits out of season. my kids were happy just only for the fruit!!! there were everything on the breakfast table very good quality of tea and coffee even cappucino, milk and chocolate, cornflakes, croissant, fresh bread, marmelade and ham and everything i could ask. the reseption was so kind and helpful that i had no problem to travel all around with theirs advise. the rooms were very good cleaning every day with new towels and the bed were extremely comfortable.every time i visit london since now , am going to prefer that lovely hotel. also the tube station -north acton at the red line - was just a few minutes awaythanks a lot to the staff of the hotel they must be proud of the service they offer too their clients.eleni patiraki heraklion crete Greece	
Jan 9 2008	Nice Stay good for the price enjoyed my time	I was just at the Ramada a week or so ago for about 5 nights. I booked based on the trip advisor reviews and the price. Overall it was a pleasant experience. For what I paid i have to say it was a good deal. I was looking for something economical and something that would serve as a place to sleep/rest while i was out enjoying London.Probably not the best place if your traveling with little children or looking to be right in central London. It is about a 10 minute tube ride into central London. But if your single or traveling with a friend or significant other, this hotel will get the job done. Considering it's a 1-2 minute walk to the North Acton tube station, its definetly a huge positive. Also, if your from the U.S., get used to the fact that you have to pay for eveything over there. This includes making phone calls from your room phone. I was suprised to find out that I had to put down a deposit to the use phones to even make local calls. And remember to bring toothpaste/lotion/etc. because it is not provided. So I didn't really enjoy those two things. Also you have to pay for internet service. And the breakfast is not included. They have a nice breakfast set-up but you have to pay, its not included with the stay.The restaraunt they have was suprisingly good. Also the late-night service for snacks was pretty convenient. I ate at the restaurant twice and enjoyed both meals. In pounds the prices were not bad, but when you convert them to dollars it looks like a rip-off, but i guess that's not the hotel's fault, so if your coming to London from the States, im sure you already know that. The floors do creek a little bit like someone else mentioned, so if you plan on having some fun *hint hint* in your room it may get loud depending on how wild things get!..lol.Another thing about London in general, if you plan on staying out late remember the tubes stop running at around 12:30 am. I learned this the hard way and had to take an expensive cab ride back to the hotel. The other alternative is it to use the buses, because they run 24 hours a day. But you may want to ask around to find out the bus routes and the closest bus stop to the hotel.Overall I enjoyed my stay and had a great time in London. The Ramada Encore served as a good hub while I was experiencing London. I didn't interact to much with the staff but the waiters and bartenders were pleasant. Also the front desk people were helpful when needed.	
Jan 8 2008 	Good Hotel	We stayed at the Ramada Encore London West for a break in between Christmas &amp; new Year. We really liked this hotel, we got an excellent deal on an advanced rate booking (we booked &amp; paid upfront for the hotel in October) It cost us about £65 per room per night for the 2 of us. Its expeptionally clean and modern (very Ikea). the room was spacious, there is a t.v in the room with a good choice of channels. The bathroom was ultra modern - a little clinical looking I thought, there was only a shower, no bath. The staff are very helpful &amp; polite. We ate in the hotel one evening, there is a Thai themed restaraunt (they also do traditional food such as Fish &amp; Chips, Gammon etc) The food was superb. We would definitely stay at this hotel again on our next visit to London. If you dont mind using the tube dont be put off by the hotel being a few miles out of the centre, it is within 5 minutes walk of North Acton station on the central line (its very easy to find), it only takes about 15 / 20 minutes on the tube to get into the centre of London. We priced up hotels nearer to the centre &amp; could have paid double what we paid for this very good hotel so being a little further out definitaly paid off !	
Jan 4 2008 	Encore modern and warm	If you're looking for a chic hotel with high-class furniture and an elegant Concierge, then you're in the wrong place. But if you are looking for a friendly, modern and very good price/quality ratio, then don't hesitate to book the Encore.(bad) low quality air-con (yes the room was a bit too hot even in winter!).(sufficient) breakfast area it's nice, but you'll miss always something (spoon, marmalade, cup .....)(good) 5 min walk to North Acton Tube Station (Central Line to Oxford Circus, ca.20min.)(excellent) the staff are not 5star, but very warm and ready to find a solution for everything you need.	
Jan 2 2008	Good place to stay at the lowest cost just outside of London	The hotel is modern, and for the most part clean. I found blood stains on my pillow and the front desk replaced the pillow with another covered in dust. Hopefully a one time mistake however towels were grey &amp; appeared stained. The hotel does not offer lotion, cond, or wash cloths, bring your own. 1 last mention the floors creak and you can hear upstairs. In all very cheap and decent stay for london.The hotel is a 100 yard walk to the N. Acton underground, which is 5 stops away from Notting Hill gate. Purchase an Oyser card and tube it!	
Nov 21 2007 	Great hotel in London	I have to say I liked this hotel a lot. It is just brand new and the value for price is excellent.The rooms were really comfortable, modern, spacious and calm. The staff was very friendly and helpful.The best was the huge and delicious breakfast buffet, so great to start the day.The only negative point would be the location as it is not in central London and in a rather new part of town. However, Acton is on the Central Line of the Tube, so you are quickly in central London and the hotel is pretty close to the station anyway. The place is also safe at night.	
Nov 3 2007 	Not Impressed!!	The reason I booked this hotel was purely because of location (local to me) &amp; the bedrooms appeared to be ideal for my purpose &amp; most importantly it was within my budget having booked it via a site that gave the best deal. The building is an ugly red eyesore but I suppose they feel it's the only way people would notice the hotel on the main A40 road. Its not the best place to stay on a holiday as it's location is close to a busy main road &amp; in the middle of an industrial estate - suitable for a couple of nights I think. The bedroom was smaller than expected but suitable for my purpose - the bed was fairly comfortable despite being ill all night. The bathroom has a walk-in shower which is probably the best thing about the place! After my friend had to leave &amp; I became ill with flu I went to the bar to get something to eat. The menu is overall based on a Thai theme although there were some British offerings - one of which was Loaded Potato skins which I had - undercooked potatoes, salty bacon, hardly tasted the cheese &amp; overall not very appetising. In my opinion the breakfast leaves alot to be desired too although there was a wide choice - my accommodation included breakfast so I wasn't going to miss out but I have had far better in other hotels. The staff were overall helpful &amp; friendly especially in the bar/restaurant. My biggest criticism about this hotel is the parking - guests are expected to pay £8.95 per DAY which I personally think is outrageous considering there is nowhere else to park. I was only there for one night but I pity anyone who has to stay there for a week &amp; pay £62.65. People using public transport will find a tube station nearby which is a blessing. Would I stay here again? I doubt it.....there are other hotels I would choose to go to.	
Oct 29 2007 	Economical London option	We booked this hotel as it was on the way into London from Heathrow. It turned out to have a lot more going for it than that. The room wasn't large, but the bathroom was good with an excellent shower. Internet was easy to access. Check in was friendly and efficient. Bar manageress was terrific (Australian). We had invited a young friend we hadn't seen for a couple of years so we had dinner there, which was pleasant, and my husband and Myo Myint Kyaw joined a group of Geordies to watch the football after I went to bed. Very friendly. It's easy to get into central London on the tube (five pounds for a day pass, so it makes this a very economical hotel) as it's on the Central Line. We found the local Maccas for breakfast. Free newspaper (The Guardian). Luggage room with good security. Would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 28 2007 	Not Bad	Our stay was ok, but not perfect:Pros:+ new, clean, modern hotel+ easy access to tube+ cheaper than the nearby Holiday Inn Express+ cool atrium sitting area+ restaurant, lounge, bar within the hotelCons:- booked on hotel website, informed on arrival that breakfast is only inclusive if we pay the rack rate- asked for non-smoking room, received smoking room- 25 min from downtown by tube, quite far!- hardwood in the hallways makes for loud late arrivals- weird shower design means the bathroom gets very wet- hardly any life in this area of london	
Oct 11 2007 	Loved the Encore	We booked our stay online doing the 21 advance day booking. Again we relied on Trip Advisor to steer us in the right direction with candid traveller reviews. The 21 advance day booking is non refundable so make sure your plans won't be cancelled. The savings is huge!!! We stayed for 4 nights at a cost of $248 pounds which seems unheard of for London. The night after we arrived, we saw their posted rate was $158 pounds/night, so you can see the advantage. We found the hotel to be hip, modern and clean. It's about a 20 minute tube ride into central London, but easily navigated. The nice thing is there is a Starbuck's in the lobby, so you grab your latte and head for the station. It's only a 5 minute walk from the hotel. The staff were extremely pleasant and accommodating, and the restaurant in the hotel was more than decent. We are looking at heading back to London in the near future, and this is the only place I would think to stay.	
Oct 8 2007 	excellent hotel	This hotel is great, room was large, it had a double bed and a small couch, television, internet, buffet breakfast included, and it was only a short trip to downtown by subway. The bathroom was nice only down fall was no bath tub only a shower. I would recommend this hotel to anyone travelling to London.	
Sep 23 2007 	Nice modern hotel close to underground	This hotel is very clean, modern, and only a 5 min. walk to the underground station. We felt very safe walking back to the hotel at night. The hotel staff were all polite and helpful. The breakfast buffet in the morning was very good, and very clean. The same goes for the restaurant service in the evening. A few things we didnt like were that there were no washcloths. The laundry service is expensive (4£ for a pair of jeans), In-room internet is very expensive (15£ per day), beds not very comfortable. Beds and floors a little noisy (wood), and walls are not very thick, however, the good points completely outweigh the bad.All in all, we enjoyed our stay and would stay at this hotel the next time we are in London.	
Sep 6 2007	Great place but a bit far off Central London	Modern design, clean, very good for those who dislike hotels with floral curtains and tiny rooms. Can surf net in room if you have laptop, at time of writing they are giving 30 mins free! Great breakfast too. Just a pleasant few mins walk to North Acton Underground station, which is an acceptable 20 min journey to the attractions in London.Problems: great sound insulation from roads, but can sometimes hear neighbours closing doors. **The distance from central london means that you are dependent on the Tube for transport to the tourist attractions, which is very good if it is working. The problem we had was that there was a STRIKE by the Underground, and we are quite &quot;trapped&quot; in the hotel for about 1 day, since cabs will be rather expensive. Fortunately that was the last day of our stay in London, and we spent 40 pounds on taxi to Heathrow Airport.	
Aug 26 2007 	Clean and modern though got off to bumpy start	Got off to rocky start as tried to check in the first night of our 5 night stay but told they had bumped us to the Holiday Inn down the road for that night as they had a large tour group. Not happy as tired and hungry from travelling and walking with packs on our backs, plus took a wee while to locate the hotel from North Acton station at night. Had booked several months out too. Guy at reception did his best but spent a terrible night at Holiday Inn. Stinking hot night with no air con and only 2 single beds as told nothing else available. Yuk.When we finally checked in to Ramada no complaints about the room - large enough, modern and clean, with air con. Only fault was noisy wooden floors meant we could constantly hear people walking in the hallway and doors banging. Had a room with interconnecting door and could hear people next door and they were trying to open the interconnecting door late at night for some reason, which is always annoying.Reception service not the best - no one seemed to know what to do at breakfast time - were given 3rd degree when trying to have buffet breakfast even though had presented credit card the day before - were challenged for several minutes and refered to 3 or 4 different people. Strange.	
Aug 22 2007 	too too far dont stay	I want to save some time and money. As we all know that london is quite expensive. This hotel was so far out. On the computer the hotel says that you can see them from the train. They lied to far you have to walk such a distance. The hotel staff was not helpful they caused my friends a lot of problems. The room look like ikea store. But the distance is not worth it. Put your pennies together and stay in the city	
Aug 20 2007 	Non-descript average and overpriced	Stayed for a night over the weekend as we were working nearby and needed to be local. Paid £100 for a room which was small, with creaky wooden floors - interesting bathroom, but difficult not to drag water through the room with you after a shower as there is no shower curtain (???). We ate in the restaurant the night we stayed, the food was very nice - but again, overpriced - I suppose they have the monopoly though as the hotel is located in an industrial area, there really is no where else to go unless you can be bothered to get a cab into Ealing (which has some great restaurants and nightlife).Paid £8 for buffet breakfast the following morning, which was okay, although the only meat on offer was pork or bacon which doesnt help if you don't eat pig, and the toaster wasn't working - but managed to eat our £8 worth of what we could! The hotel is also pretty noisy, could hear the people in the room next door and walking up and down the corridors clearly, but it was clean and in good order, just felt it was a bit overpriced given it's quality and location.	
Jul 7 2007 	Good for a short stay	If you've ever wondered what it would be like to spend a night at IKEA then this is the place for you! With the trendy European furniture and hardwood floors, I thought we had booked a room at a Swedish furniture store!We booked this room for the first 2 nights of an 18 day vacation. The hotel is close to the North Action tube stop but beware if you are bringing a lot of luggage (as one does for a long vacation) that there are several sets of stairs to get in and out of the station. But once you do leave the station it's a short walk. You might not see it right away, but just keep walking away from the station in the same direction that the exit points.The bathroom was probably the most interesting room...there's no shower curtain and the shower just has a glass wall that goes halfway across, and it shares the same floor as the rest of the bathroom. If you're careful you can keep the water off of the floor by the toilet.There is a restuarant and Starbucks in the lobby and since there are no restaurants that we could find in the area, you might as well eat there.	
Jun 28 2007	Comfortable and in convenient location.	This hotel is steps away from the North Acton Underground stop. If you take the underground to central London, it takes about twenty minutes. Our room was very clean, comfortable, and spacious.	
Jun 22 2007 	refreshing hotel	Stayed at the hotel for a weekend break and to go to see trooping of the colour, the hotel is in Acton. Easy to locate and cheap rate parking. The hotel itself is lovely and fresh and clean. The staff were Polish and were excellent in their service but didnt have much knowledge about anything local. The tube is a couple of minutes walk away and this is a great base to travel into the city. We ate at the hotel restaurant twice and the meals were v nice I had thai food my partner who is v picky had a lovely streak which he said was v nice.The rooms are not large but when all you need is a base I think it serves its purpose. Its modern wooden floors and v clean	
Jun 7 2007 	Interesting Hotel	Very interesting place to stay compared to other places in London. I loved the &quot;wood&quot; floors in the rooms. Seemed a bit &quot;far out&quot;, but as I was looking for something convenient to Heathrow, it wasn't too bad. Staff was friendly enough. Bathrooms were very odd, but interesting.	
Jun 4 2007 	Not Great	I stayed with my husband and 8 year old at Ramada for six days for our tenth anniversary. It is not in central London. The tube is pretty convinient and North Acton Station is a short walk from the hotel. The rooms and bathrooms are very small. I believe it may be sufficient for college students but not for a family. I do not understand why there are no shower curtain in the bathroom. Hence, bathroom floor always get wet. There are no restaurants nearby. There is a hotel restaurant where you can get Chinese and Thai food. There is also Starbucks Coffee shop just in lobby..which I must admit is great. The staff is less than helpful. They cannot even recommend any restaurant nearby- even a short train ride away. I will not stay here again. I did not feel safe walking late at night near hotel. It is in commercial area.	
May 29 2007 	New hotel	I stayed at the Ramada Encore West in May of 2007. I arrived on an international flight at Heathrow and took the Underground to the hotel. The North Acton station is only about 2 city blocks away from the hotel but to get there from the airport you have to transfer to 3 different trains - quite a pain if you've never been on the Underground before.I had a good room; upper level facing away from the road overlooking the Carphone Warehouse. The rooms themselves were clean and new with double-pane glass to reduce noise but with squeeky hardwood floors. The beds were large as were the showers.There was a bar and restaurant in the hotel lobby but don't expect to be able to walk to any stores or restaurants in this semi-industrial area. There was breakfast available but it was not included in the room rate.The good - clean, new, bright hotel with parking near a Central line Underground stop (20 minutes to downtown London), large bed, pillows and blackout curtains. The bad - nothing in the neighborhood to walk to after returning from central London and noisy hallways and floors.	
May 23 2007 	not for young lovers ;-)	Me and my fiance satyed here for a romantic night away from home, we turned up at past midnight without a reservation.Reception were very helpful but very picky about ID. We had between us a drivers license, british passport, debit cards and a credit card that was maxed out. We had to leave a £100 deposit!Parking is £8.95, the room £79.95 and breakfast £8 pp.The room itself was very nice and clean too.However, everything was sooo noisy... the floor squeaked when you walked (wooden flooring). The bed squeaked and banged when making love or even sitting up. We decided to move to the sofabed but that was even worse, the metal leg banged on the wooden floor.We ended up putting the mattress on the floor in order to have a peaceful night!! ;-)Overall the hotel is very nice, but i wouldnt recommend it for couples.	
May 21 2007 	Very clean	A great value. Rooms are excellent. Service was fine. Internet access is expensive ($13 per hr). Restaurant provides decent but not overly exciting food-but there is an English pub with local menu (great steak pies) just around the corner. Buy an Oystercard for travel on the underground and buses (trains every couple of minutes) and you are set.We will most likely stay at this hotel again in the near future.	
May 7 2007 	Great Hotel!	Stayed April 23-26, 2007. Hotel room equivalent to a US Holiday Inn or equivalent - large by European standards. Basic necesseties only (no pool, sauna, jacuzzi, valet, etc.) Lots of business travelers. Rooms were clean and nicely appointed. Rooms very new or showed very little wear. Very pleasant. The only complaint my very fussy 80 year old Mother had was that washcloths were not provided. Rate also included buffet breakfast, which was very nice - included eggs, sausage, cereal, fresh fruit,juices, danish, coffee, cheeses, sliced meats. Did not try the restaurant for dinner - mainly Asian/Mongolian fare. Location very close (0.2 mile) from North Acton tube station - easy walk. Nice area near condos and office buildings. Not too much nearby - tube ride into London about 20 minutes. Given the price we got (225 GBP for 3 nights,2 adults inc tax and breakfast), and the niceness of the hotel and breakfast, we didn't mind the tube ride at all. Someone had previously smoked in our non-smoking room. The staff relocated us to another room without question. The bathroom sink was not draining in the new room. Called the front desk and then left for the day. By the time we returned, the sink had been repaired. Additionally, a guest accidentally set fire to trash in their room during our stay. Fire alarms were activated and the hotel was evacuated. The staff acted very professional during this crisis. They seem very prepared and rehearsed, donning emergency gear, following procedures, etc. They were even apologetic for the inconvenience.I would definitely stay here again. If you are looking for a hotel right on top of the tourist sites, then don't stay here. However, if you want a clean, comfortable, affordable hotel in London, and you plan on tubing around a lot anyway, this is a great place to stay.	
Apr 23 2007 	Quiet and affordable	My wife and I stayed at this hotel overnight to see a concert in London. For the price (£60 for a double room), I was expecting all glitter but no gold, but I was pleasantly surprised.When we checked in, the staff appeared professional, friendly and well mannered. We were asked if we wanted breakfast (£8 each) and if we wanted to open a bar tab, then we were given a wipe card each for the room.The room was very clean and a typical size, with a bathroom that had a walk-in shower. With the window open we could hear the traffic but when closed there was complete silence. Air conditioning is installed in the room so we didn't need the window open much.As for complains, Some things were expensive. Standard TV (with Sky 1 and radio via the TV) was free but pay-per-view movies and Internet was very expensive - sorry I can't remember exactly how much - I think Internet was £5 an hour. The internet access was via the TV (keyboard was included), an network cable was included too for laptops. There was also a small area in the lobby for internet access, which was much cheaper.If I had be be picky, the floor and bed squeaked a bit but we didn't mind too much.If you're just interested in the basics, it's great! If you like the extras make sure you have plenty of space on your credit card.	
Apr 20 2007 	OK overnight-not for a week	This property is perfect for one or two nights either on business or w/e holiday, but is not well suited for a week's stay. The rooms are compact, clean and efficiently laid out but lack a closet or wardrobeor any other furniture into which one may unpack. This alone promptedmy wife and me to change to a central London hotel after one night's stay. If one is in London on holiday the view is somewhat industrial/commercial and devoid of those views usually associated with the city...although a tube station is very close by to provide transportation to those sights. The staff was very courteous and professional.	
Apr 10 2007 	Good Value cheap parking easy access to city	We stayed for one night on Easter Saturday. I booked via the website at £70. with breakfast for a family of four and parking the night cost me £103.We arrived at 10am on the Saturday and our room was already available. We checked in then got the tube into London.As previously said this is a short walk and a 25 min tube ride away.Although the area is not great, we only wanted somewhere to sleep and park the car, which this hotel did very nicely. The tubes run late enough to spend the evening in the city centre.The reception desk was very helpful and breakfast was the usual mix of hot &amp; cold food. All the staff seemed helpful when required.I would definitely stay here again if was driving to London.	
Apr 6 2007 	Excellent value! Excellent location near Underground!	The staff is friendly, the service was excellent, and the facilities were beyond our expectations. I couldn't recommend it more than I am already and encourage anyone considering a trip to consider this hotel. The North Acton station is one block away, which is on the Central Line, and you can get anywhere in London in about 15-20 mins. It's the perfect balance between cost and convenience.	
Apr 2 2007 	Great rates and room but not so nice area	I took my wife to London for her birthday on a long weekend and we found a great rate at the Ramada Encore which allowed us to spend more on increasingly expensive London!The hotel overall seemed very new and clean and modern which was verypleasing. The room was nice, clean and bigger than we expected. You have to understand that this hotel is about 20 min outside of London, so you will not be walking anywhere until you get off the Underground. There is nothing in/around the hotel as far as we could see and it appeared to mostly be an industrial park area. The hotel clearly caters more to business travelers. For example, the hotel's website advertises a Starbucks in the hotel which we were very pleased to hear since there are none in Holland, but when we arrived we were told that it's only open during the week and not the weekend. Though saddened, it didn't affect our view of the hotel, which, overall was a great deal. Breakfast was included and was very decent European style buffett. In the end, if you don't mind having to take the Underground into the city, this is great value for the money (which I believe was 60GBP at the time).	
Apr 2 2007 	Great for the price but a bit FAR from Central London	We booked our stay at the Encore Hotel through Otel and got 3 nights for the price of $423, which was very reasonably priced for London (which we found to be very expensive overall). This hotel is just two blocks or so from the East Acton station on the black-colored Central Line. It is, however, about 8-10 stops from Central London, which usually takes about 20-25 minutes. The hotel has a very modern look, which you can see from the pictures, and was mostly filled with European travellers and businessmen. They have a small bar downstairs (with a cigar machine), which is usually quite empty. Their liquor choice, however, is somewhat limited. They did not have Grey Goose vodka, which my wife found disappointing. However, the bartender at night is extremely nice and she was wonderful to talk to. Service in the hotel is quite limited. We usually order room service, but I dont think we ordered it once at this hotel. The decor of the hotel is quite nice, with a fancy bathroom, and quite a spacious room, considering it is Europe. The front desk and concierge, however, is not very helpful, although they did get the wake-up calls and taxi times correct. The breakfast was actually really good. They have fruit, hot food (eggs, bacon, sausage, potatoes), cereal, croissants, bread, milk, juice, coffee.The area surrounding the hotel is also very limited. We only found one pub nearby and almost no shops within walking distance. Overall, I would recommend this hotel based on value alone. However, I would not recommend it for honeymooners or those that like hotels that go the &quot;extra mile.&quot;	
Mar 26 2007 	Bright fresh hotel.	This is my new benchmark for affordable hotels. I love it!If you're tired of the typical London horsebox hotels then give it a try. It's one of the most refreshing hotels I've stayed in. It's bright, modern, spacious and the staff are genuinely friendly and helpful. Car parking is very cheap for London at £8 a day.The location might not be to everyone's liking but it's a 3 minute walk from a tube station that will get you into central London in under 30 minutes. If you're a movie or TV buff or you're coming to London to be in an audience at the BBC, this is the perfect base. White City (BBC) and Ealing are 2 stops away in either direction.Ground floor consists of reception, bar, cafe and restaurant in a continuous open plan arrangement. The restaurant menu has an oriental theme but also offers things like burgers. The food quality is very good and cooked fresh in an open kitchen so you can see what the chefs are up to.The rooms are proper, international size with wooden floors and open style furniture (no wardrode doors). The bathrooms are also very good and spacious but with shower only. All windows are triple glazed so the rooms are dead quite at night. The only drawback is the wooden floor if someone in the room above is walking around in heals!	
Mar 23 2007 	Great Budget Hotel	The hotel is easy to find by car and has ample car parking. It is within a 3 minute walk from the tube (which will be half of that once the building finishes across the road) which in turn is 20 minutes into central London.To previous comments about the wooden floors are correct and it can get a bit noisy at times in the rooms but I did not find this to be a major problem.I had an evening meal in the hotel and the menu was a mixture from various continents however for the price, it offered fair value for money.The only problem was that there appears to be no way to specify a non smoking room when booking via the hotels website so follow up you booking with a phone call.The staff were welcoming and helpful and as a bonus there is also a coffee shop in the hotel for if you need to grab and go in the morning.I would not hessitate on using this hotel again.	
Mar 15 2007	Great base for exploring London on the cheap	We were extremely pleased with our stay at the Encore. We were in London for the weekend between a trip to Cambridge for work and a few days in Iceland, and just wanted somewhere affordable to stay for one night to use as a base for exploring London.The hotel was very modern looking and clean. The bed was really comfortable, which made us extremely happy!.The subway station (North Acton) is literally around the corner from the hotel, and about a 20 minute ride into the center of London. With a 1 day travel pass (just under 6 GBP), it was extremely easy to get to everything we wanted to see.We were a bit worried about being so far away (~5 miles) from the city centre, since we were only going to be there for a day and a half and didn't want to spend a long time traveling between the hotel and the sites we were visiting, but it honestly was not a problem in the slightest. We fit in nearly everything we wanted to see in our &quot;whirlwind tour&quot;.Getting to Heathrow from the hotel was relatively easy, since the hotel lies west of London. It was a little expensive at 30 GBP, but only took about 30 minutes or so in traffic.I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a more affordable option for a stay in London, and who doesn't mind hopping the Tube to get where they want to go.	
Mar 5 2007 	Surprisingly nice for West London!	My boyfriend and I chose this hotel for the good deal that we found on greatlatedeals.co.uk amounting to £61 p/n including breakfast, and also because of the reviews on this site, and they were certainly accurate!We wanted a good deal without cutting out on the luxury and this certainly was a pleasant surprise. The hotel is very nicely decorated as are the guest rooms. The room was large and clean and the bathroom a very decent size with a great free standing shower. The wooden floors were a nice look, but I felt obliged to tip toe in my heals due to the racket, i'd imagine not everyone would be so toughtful!! The beds were cosy and we had proper duvets, not your standard rough blankets that you seem to find in most hotels! The breakfast was very nice and fresh with everything you would expect to find from a full english to croissants and cereals and fruit. Drinks at the hotel bar were quite expensive, £5.05 for a Vodka and Coke is not cheap in my eyes! You can park your car at the hotel for £8.95 per night which is quite reasonable.North Acton tube station is merely a 5 minute walk from the hotel with easy access to Central London. The surrounding area isn't great, and walking at night we did feel a bit secluded.Overall we had a very good experience and i would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Feb 19 2007	Very good clean and modern hotel	If you are looking for a good quality, clean and modern hotel which is also convenient for central London, then this hotel is absolutely fine. We got a cheap weekend deal of £56, including breakfast, much less than the standard rate. It is in what is probably known as an 'up and coming area' i.e. it was a run down industrial area next to the busy A40 road, but the new hotel and flats nearby show it has recently been redeveloped. Don't expect pretty scenery around, but the biggest advantage of the location is that it is only a couple of minutes walk from North Acton tube station, which is just 15 minutes from the West End. A one day travel card will only cost you £5 from here. We whizzed around London, had a meal in the West end, came back to the hotel to shower and change and then went back in for an evening show. Not bad for a fiver!The hotel rooms are very comfortable, with a great shower in the bathroom. There is some noise as the floors in the rooms are wooden, but earplugs solve this!The buffet breakfast was very good and the staff very friendly and helpful.I would certainly stay at the Ramada Encore again.	
Feb 15 2007	Modern simplicity at a great price	We wanted somewhere nice but not outrageously expensive for a one-night getaway near my partner's place of work...which is how we ended up at this hotel in North Acton. Most of the other customers appeared to be there for work reasons - there are lots of industrial estates and corporate HQs nearby - and there were no children at all, which made for a very calm stay. (Nothing against kids, but when they're not around, things are noticeably quieter!)The decor here is very sleek and modern, all stainless steel, abstract art, and sharp lines. It's a hotel that provides basic accommodation that feels more luxurious because everything is so new, clean, and nice. No baths, but the showers are big enough for five or six people (should you require such a large shower...!).We had dinner in the Asian restaurant downstairs, which was quite tasty and very reasonably priced (mains for £10 or under, steaks and fish under £20). The service here was a bit spotty, which one expects in the UK anyway, but very friendly (which one does not necessarily expect in London).Ask for a late check-out if you want to have a lie-in, as it seems pretty easy to arrange to leave at noon rather than 11AM.Downsides: If I was a business traveller, I would have been disappointed with the lack of free wireless internet access - this would cost pennies for the hotel to provide and would guarantee the return business of myself and many others. The TV system is needlessly complicated. Also, the floorboards are oddly creaky, so expect to wake up in the morning when the business traveller in the next room starts padding around.	
Feb 1 2007 	Great modern hotel	This is a great hotel and within easy reach of central London. The hotel is about 8 miles from the centre of London. We booked a London eye family break, which cost us £99 for one night with a trip on the London eye included. Well worth it. We then drove to butlers wharf car park just over the other side of tower bridge which is the cheapest car park in central london and cost £9 for 24 hours, well worth it. The hotel is very clean and modern and you get a full cooked english breakfast, which was nice. The decor is modern and all rooms are air conditioned and very clean. There is no room service, but you can order out of hours from a limited menu and collect from reception. There is also a bar that is open till late each night. This is a great modern hotel for a base and to then go into London. Recommended.	
Dec 30 2006 	Wonderful Hotel!!!	This hotel is tremendous! We arrived in London after a 2 hour delay at our departure point in Colorado Springs due to the Blizzard in Denver. We were very tired and were hoping to check into the hotel even though it was 10:00 a.m. The receptionist was a kind and friendly face and gave us our wishes to check in 4 hours early than check-in time. The buffet was a quaint English breakfast with bread, croissants, toast, cereal, lunch meat, stewed tomatoes, bacon, baked beans, juice, coffee &amp; cappucino machine, tea, fruit and some other items this American girl is not quite sure what they were (fried bread?). The staff was extremely helpful in all of our requests. My husband had a toothache and the staff assisted us greatly in finding a dentist and pharmacy (chemist) nearby. The hotel is a 5 minute walk to the North Acton underground station on the Central line. We will definitely stay there again!!!	
Dec 15 2006	No complaints	A bright, modern hotel that is worth the 25 min journey from central London . It is only a few minutes walk from the underground station. We did not eat in the hotel restaurant but the bar was pleasant enough. The staff are friendly and helpful. We needed extra pillows for our room which were promptly delivered. There is a pub nearby which serves good value traditional food and Notting Hill Gate is a few tube stops away if you fancy something different. Overall this is a more than adequate hotel if you just need a base for business or sightseeing and we would have no hesitation in staying here again or in recommending it to others.	
Dec 9 2006 	Great overall experience	Lovely hotel in a quiet location. It's a great place to unwind after a hectic day in the city. The train ride into the city is not that long. North Acton station is only a few stops from Notting Hill. The hotel is kept very clean and the staff is fantastic. The breakfast is wonderful. I suggest loading up on the breakfast, especially if it comes with your stay. This way, you can skip lunch (save money) and splurge on a nice dinner in London.	
Nov 19 2006	Fantastic staff clean rooms	Getting to the Radisson Encore near North Acton underground is not a problem and well worth it. (Underground to central London is less than 25 mins. frequent service)Staff are great, really interested in the guests and cannot do enough.Hotel is tidy and clean, only downer was bed just a bit soft for me.Breakfast was excellent, food fresh, delicious and a good choice.	
Nov 8 2006 	Perfect stay!!!!	Booked this hotel for a 3 night stay between October 12th and 15th as i was going to the INXS show at Shepherds Bush empire. The hotel was amazing, i had read all the great reviews and also had seen the website and i was expecting that it wouldn't be as nice as i was told on their website, but...it was. Check in was very quick, and my room was large and very clean. Had a big double bed, very confortable, also a sofa, table and large tv. The bathroom was also very spacious and very clean. The towels were changed everyday and were always clean. The room was spotless and very confortable, and not at all small. Breakfast was always a pleasure, a very sunny room ( we had excellent weather) and a lot to chose from, toasts, fruit, bacon, eggs, beans, juices,cereals...everything you might imagine.It was only a 5 min walk to North acton tube station, the only problem is that North Acton is still far away from central London, it's always a 20-30 min tube ride in the morning and at night. Apart from that the hotel is perfect and i would recomend it to anyone.	
Oct 25 2006 	Bleh	I stayed here for 4 nights in October '06, after reading good reviews of this hotel.Basically, I had high expecations - and they weren't met.Positives:-Cool and contemporary designs/decor-Close location to North Acton Station-Friendly bar staff-Good breakfastsNegatives:-Undergound commutes from this hotel eat up A LOT of time.-Lack of service or help [no baggage assistance/room service etc.]-Many staff members are pompous and rude [I felt very unwelcomed by certain staff members... I wasn't even greeted upon check-in]Overall:If all one needs is a bed somewhere around London, the Ramada Encore will do the job. This hotel is visually appealing, but when one goes beyond its decor, its just a basic hotel on the outskirts of a very, very big city.	
Oct 19 2006	Value for money	We spent 5 days in Ramada Encore West in May 06. I would definitely recommend this hotel if you like to have a rational accommodation in London. We made our resevations via www.gtahotels.com.It is located in central line, North Acton station. It is only 5 minutes away from hotel and takes 15 minutes to get to central London. As it is in Zone 3, you can travel to most exciting places of the city with the cheapest day-pass. Environment of the hotel is an industrial/residential area so there is nothing to do. First day we even could not find many places to eat. There was only one chain beer-house on the way to station. They serve beer and burger type foods. It is getting crowded during football matches. People also mentioned about a Lebanese restaurant, but we could not manage to find Design of the hotel is simple and modern you can have the same feeling for the rooms. The rooms and facilities are clean and neat. Rooms are a little bit small if you are two, but the size and comfort of the bed was ok. You can find TV, internet, mini fridge, hair dryer in your room.Hotel provides open buffet breakfast, for myself it was filling to me. In the evenings you can have your dinner in the restaurant named Wok around the World. Despite it seems Thai Cuisine you can have different choices as well. They have an after hours menu available from 11pm to 5am with pizza, paninis, etc but the pizza that we ate was a not successful deep frozen one.Hotel staff were very pleasant,kind and helpful. They were mainly a younger stuff but very professional.In a word; Ramada Encore West is an excellent hotel. I strongly recommend the hotel to whom do want a clean,and comfortable accommodation in London.	
Oct 9 2006 	Poor location and staff	I cannot understand the good reviews that this hotel is receiving. I stayed there for two nights in October 06 and found it a very unpleasant experience overall.Firstly, the location is awful. Situated in the middle of what can only be described as an industrial estate, it is far from pleasant, what with a huge Carphone Warehouse office just across the street and numerous other office buildings dotted around. The hotel also fronts onto a dual carriageway which is extremely busy at all times, so don't keep the window open if you want a decent night's sleep. Oh, and the Tube station is NOT 3 minutes away as the hotel states.The staff were poor. Their communcation skills and customer service need to be vastly improved. There was a mistake by the hotel in my reservation and it took the receptionist a full 20 minutes of faffing about to deal with it. I was not offered any sort of apology for the delay or the hassle. Basically, they didn't seem to know what they were doing, nor did they want to know.As I had arrived quite late, I was too tired to go down to the restaurant so I enquired if room service was available. It is not. However, you can order food from the restaurant, which you then have to go downstairs to collect. Not a very satisfactory arrangement but I did it anyway as I had no choice. I was given a plastic container of soggy, limp and tasteless fries and an extremely small portion of barbecued spare ribs. Very poor value for money.The rooms are basic but on a positive note are at least clean. The shower room is spartan to say the least.All in all, I would not recommend that you stay in this hotel.	
Jul 31 2006 	Fantastic value - can't wait to go back!	First of all - before I get into my own review I think I need to rebut some of the points made by other reviewers. 1. Location: It seems that some of you must have been going to the wrong underground station! North Acton is REALLY only a 3 minute walk away from the hotel, and it is about a 15 minute ride into central London. What more do you want for 65 pounds per night?2. Room air conditioning: Yes it is true that you need to have the room key in a card reader to get power to the room. You know how to get around the problem where one reviewer couldn't charge a mobile phone whilst at breakfast? Leave the other key in the reader!Now, in terms of my own personal experience I was very happy with the hotel. Checkin went very quickly and the front desk staff were very cheerful and eager to help. If you can't deal with a slight accent, then I think it is you that has problems, not the hotel staff.The room was a reasonable size for the UK with a comfortable bed and a good sized chair in the corner. The bathroom was very nice, modernist fittings with an open shower that was very large. The room was very clean throughout and the hardwood floors were a very nice touch. Breakfast was great, with lots of hot and cold choices, well stocked with attentive staff.The Ramada Encore London West isn't in the middle of central London, and it never claims to be! I can't believe there are people complaining about the location as it is such a minor inconvenience to get into London on the tube considering the quality and price of accomodations. I would strongly reccomend this hotel and will definetley return when I am back in London.	
Jul 19 2006 	Highly Recommended	I was looking for an affordable hotel to stay 3 nights in while seeing the London sights. After checking countless websites and reading the reviews on this site, I found the Ramada Encore London West. I cannot be thankful enough. The rooms were very new and clean. The beds were very comfortable after a long day's sightseeing in London, with plush duvets and plump pillows. I found the rooms to be spacious with hardwood floors and plenty of space to hang clothes. The TV had access to all basic channels, you could get internet access if you paid. I'd read other reviews concerning the bathroom getting wet because there was no shower door, and I couldn't really picture what that meant. Basically the bathroom is a tiled room with a toilet and a showerhead sticking out of the wall. There is no actual tub and taking a shower does indeed get the entire bathroom wet. However, I stayed many places (private homes and dormitories) while in England, and this shower was the best I had. Temperature control and water flow were excellent. The bathroom dries relatively quickly if you turn the fan on afterward. The hotel lobby had a nice ambient mood with a bar and restaurant, and lots of plush chairs and tables if you wanted to just sit and relax and watch the large screen tvs. The complimentary breakfast was great too. I remember there was lots of cheese, breads, and jams and also every juice you can think of. As for location, it is a bit far out of London, but it's on the central line and only a short ride into central london. My friend and I bought the day passes for zones 1 and 2, and it was only about 15-20 minute ride to many touristy places. It's about a 5-10 minutes walk from the station (depending on luggage). I had a lot of heavy luggage and instead of waiting for a taxi, pulled it by myself to the hotel and it only took about 10 minutes. When i was there last year, the area was building a lot of new apartments, but otherwise it was very quiet and not much going on around it. The only problem was upon arrival it took the desk a good 20 minutes to find our reservations, but other than that the stay there was perfect.	
Jun 22 2006	Good value I'd return	Stayed here from 6/7 to 6/11. Picked the location based on overall positive reviews. Hotel was as expected if you read the reviews and have expectations accordingly. 1.Yes you are out of the city; frankly it was nice to get out of the rat race. Hotel is a place to sleep, clean up and eat breakfast before a day of sightseeing2.To get to Tube 5-10 minute easy walk3.Tube ride took 20-25 minutes max to town (time passes quickly and you always get a seat)4.Easy connections on Tube to all lines5.Convenience store just half block from Tube station6.Day pass on Tube was ~ $5/per person for entire day…you’re going to buy one anyway because it makes jumping to the different sights so easy.7.Hotel was quiet and clean and cool (A/C)8.Not having stayed “in town” I do not know about relative value vs. room size vs. convenience of being in town., but felt I got money’s worth…EVERYTHING in London is expensive. This is not 5 stars for luxury but 5 for satisfaction and value.9.Staff helpful and friendly10.Neighborhood safe, lots of people walking to Tube in morning11.Correct that there is nothing to do next to hotel, no restaurants except for the hotel’s. Tried to find places mentioned by one reviewer but could not. Did not eat dinner at hotel but did enjoy breakfasts at hotel, did not buy breakfast with room as it saved us no money and kept our options open.12.Popular with business people and tour buses13.We arrived and departed on Tube with rolling luggage and had no problems getting to hotel.I’d return	
Jun 13 2006	WAY out of the way in the London and not worth the hassle	I really don't get the glowing reviews about this hotel on Tripadvisor. Being a TA devotee and frequent reviewer, I heeded them and we just got back from London and stayed there for three nights. Um, no. This place is so far out of the way it is crazy. And good luck lugging some bags from any airport to get there and then getting back in the city to do something. I hope you have a few hours to spare. It is a decent hotel with very spare and basic, albeit very clean, amenities. Obviously, the draw is the low rates, which is true, but in addition to breakfast being exta, all the charges you pay and time you waste getting there and back make it not worth it by a long way. The fact that the central train line was out of service two of the four days we were there which just added to the commute. Just look for a good deal inside London and skip this one. Places this far out of the way should be &quot;destination&quot; hotels where you might want to hole up and spend some time. This is not that.	
Apr 22 2006	nice!!!	Istayed in the Ramada Encore in February because I read the good reviews here!I wasn`t dissapointed!The hotel is just 5 minutes from the tube station of the central line which brings you into central london within 15 minutes! The great thing is, you can still buy a ticket for zone 1-2, which saves you some money too!The hotel is in an industrial and residential area, so you can`t expect any entertainment around the hotel!But if you want to go out Central London is just a short ride away, and when i returned at night i always felt save there!The rooms have a nice, modern design, and a good size! I stayed in other hotels in London where i paid more than double for a room which was much smaller and not so comfortable!The bathroom had a nice design with lots of glass and mirrors!The rest of the room has wooden furniture!The staff at the reception, in the restaurant, and the cleaning staff were very friendly and helpful!Everything in the room and the whole hotel was clean and there was nothing to complain about!If you have booked a room without breakfast, there is a coffeeshop with starbucks coffee in the hotel as well, where you find what you need!All in all, a very good deal for everybody who wants to enjoy London without spending a fortune on accomodation!	
Apr 20 2006	Pleasant Stay at the Encore!	My friend and I enjoyed our stay here over the Easter week-end. However, we got off to a poor start when they could only offer us a double room when we had the written confirmation of a non-smoking twin! The staff then promised to fit another bed into our allocated room which they did but on opening our room door the smell of smoke was disgusting. I complained and we were there transferred to a new room on the 6th floor which although the same in design was more pleasant.The staff are mostly nice, especially Lisa who was a lovely girl at reception and most helpful. There was a language barrier at times though as a lot of staff are from overseas.We didn't eat here although both breakfast and dinner (chinese theme) looked popular with the other guests. The bar was nice apart from the smokers (roll on the ban as in Scotland) and the prices were probably about average for a hotel in this area e.g. £3.50 a pint.The location is good and only a short walk to both the underground and main line. On route to the main line train station is a good little pub called The Leamington where the staff and punters were friendly and helpful. Virtually next door is a pizza place to die for and further back across the road is a delicious Indian take-away with great freshly prepared food, try the Madras!All in all a good hotel, very clean and fresh although it was just a place to rest out weary heads!Darren.	
Apr 12 2006	Decent but Flawed	The Ramada Encore West London is a 3 star hotel, it says so on the plaque affixed near the hotel entrance. So don't believe the reviewers who say it's 4 star, because it's not, and even the hotel doesn't want to deceive you into thinking so. For a 3 star hotel it delivers on the basics: clean room, warm bed, hair dryer, tv, restaurant/food services available at the hotel (for a price), internet access available at the hotel (for a price). And I, like I'm sure other reviewers who posted here, did get a decent rate for a hotel in London $113/night including tax/breakfast, double occupancy. For some reviewers, altogether that seems to mean a 5 out of 5 rating. For me, I recognize it for what it is, a good deal on a typical 3-star Ramada hotel, totally average, acceptable for business travellers who have to be in the area, but not really deserving of a top 50 hotel status, especially for tourists and visitors to London. To earn a better review, the hotel has to deliver on great staff, and better than average comfort. And to earn an excellent rating, they should also deliver on a commitment to customer service. This hotel did none of these things. Location-wise, it is an 8 to 12 minute brisk walk from the hotel entrance to the tube, in an industrial area that's a little daunting to be in at night. If you have luggage, or are older or not so fit, it is an even longer, more arduous walk. Advertisements at the North Acton tube station state &quot;just a 3 minute walk to the encore hotel&quot; -- this is totally false marketing that some reviewers seem to remember when writing their reviews. The North Acton Tube station (on the Central line) is about an hour tube journey to the Tower of London on the east side of the city, an hour to Heathrow on the west, and 32 minutes to the Mayfair area tube stations (buckingham palace).The Central tube line shuts down by 1130pm Sunday thru Thursday, so if you're planning to be in London for a late night, you'll have to take multiple buses back (last one in theatre district leaves at 1230am from trafalgar square, and interchange is required at hammersmith, and if your wait for the connecting bus exceeds the 1 hour timestamp on your bus ticket, you have to buy a 2nd ticket), or take a cab.The staff at the hotel is a mixed bag. The food service staff are always visible, always hustling from the kitchen with hot food to the buffet area during breakfast. Though it seems like they're working hard (because they are), they also tend to get in everyone's way, because they are having to compensate for the breakfast stations at the restaurant being inefficiently positioned. The tables are sandwiched between the kitchen and the buffet stations (which are positioned to blockade the end of the open restaurant from potential non-paying diners). This creates more traffic during breakfast among the diners, and the morning atmosphere is more hectic and urgent than it needs to be. The reservations staff are adequate, but could use some additional training on effective communication. One night, on my return, I was blocked from continuing to the elevators by an employee who I figured wanted to verify that I was indeed a guest at the hotel. I understand security concerns, it was a rainy night after all, so I stopped, and I waited for him to state his request. He wasn't old or infirm or international, but he didn't seem to know how to say the words &quot;May I see your room key, please?&quot; or &quot;can I help you?&quot; In fact he did nothing but stutter &quot;Excuse me, Um, are you, can I, um, do you...&quot; in a nervous and agitated way. I told him &quot;I want to go to my room&quot; and he just turned away. The &quot;business center&quot; is an open space nook in the lobby, with one small desk, one chair, and one computer terminal. Internet access from here or from your room is 4 pounds per session/hour.The style of the rooms can be summed up in two words: Dorm Room. The rooms are small and in it you find a bed, a 3 foot wide but shallow depth desk that serves as TV tray/desk/tea making station, small rolling desk chair, small red love seat, and rack with 3 coat hangers, 3 pant hangers, and one small shelf unit that serves as an open closet(?). The floors are laminate wood in the rooms and hallways. They carpet only a narrow strip down the center of the hallway, but it doesn't do much to quell the noise of people walking in the halls coming in and out of their rooms, or people walking in their rooms next door.The bathrooms are &quot;modern&quot; looking, with a metal sink, and the sink counter and the shower half partition is made of opaque glass, which seems snazzy when you first see it. The shower is a standup shower that is only half partitioned, dividing it from the toilet bowl, but the back half of the shower is open to the rest of the bathroom. So, unless you 1) position the shower spray towards the wall away from the open area, and 2) lower the shower head to try to avoid splattering your towel hanging behind you, the entire bathroom floor gets wet, and the only drain is in your shower area. The lifts/elevators. There are two lifts in the hotel, running side by side of each other. The oddity I found was that instead of one set of up/down buttons between the lifts to summon whichever of the lifts is more conveniently available to your floor, each lift has its own set of buttons, implying that each lift is completely unaware of the status of the other one. This wouldn't be such a bad thing if each lift also had a display on the outside that told someone waiting what floor the lift was currently on, but no such compensation exists. You guess and hope the elevator you summon will get to you soon. OR, you press both sets of buttons and summon both elevators to you, causing an inconvenience to someone else who is either waiting on another floor, or riding the other elevator when that latter lift stops on your now deserted floor.This hotel, it's decent enough, but there are also so many flaws. If you're a bargain hunter willing to forego comfort for a place that is &quot;decent enough&quot;, then go ahead and stay here. But don't be deluded with expecations for something great when what you get here is just ordinary.	
Apr 10 2006	Unclean moldy generally unpleasant	This hotel suffers from several problems that will cause us never to return. First, when we arrived we found spoiled milk in the bathroom and stains on the bed spread.There is no ventilation in the bathroom, meaning that the room had something (mold / mildew) growing in it. Both my wife and I are allergic. The problem would have been far worse had the room actually had carpet, but lack of carpet has its own problems.Opening a window in the evening isn't really an option because of the noise because of the hotel's proximity to the A40.You are only given one key card that is required to power the room. This led to two problems. First, my wife couldn't charge her cell phone when we went down to breakfast, and second (and more importantly) it was difficult to control room temperature.When I mentioned these problems at different times, nothing was done. Not that I expected much, but at the same time I didn't expect the person at check-out to ask me why I hadn't complained earlier (I had).	
Apr 9 2006	Great hotel	I would highly recommend this hotel. It's brand new (and it shows), very clean (and I'm usually very fussy about that), nice, reasonably sized rooms (quite big actually for a London hotel, had a double bed, sofa and desk), nicely decorated. It's also very good value for money, I paid £65 for one night, (booked through lastminute, no breakfast included) which I thought was good for such a great hotel in London. Location is not particularly central, but this does not really matter as tube station is 3 minutes away from the hotel, and you can get to central london in about 20 minutes by tube. All in all, a very nice 4 star hotel, I would happily recommend it, and stay there again next time I'm in London.	
Apr 2 2006 	good place	I stayed that the encore last year in march of 05. I got a deal since I stayed there for 3 nights, so the price was good. The rooms are great, if you are traveling alone you'll have enough space. They are clean and they are quite. The staff is pretty helpful and friendly, breakfast is ok, you get cereal, toast, coffe, the basics. the only &quot;bad&quot; thing about the place is that it's a bit out of the way from central london. It takes about 20 minutes to get there (on the tube). The good thing is that the tube is just only about a 5 minute walk (maybe less). If you're young and want to party, then this could be a problem, since there is nothing to do in the area, and I mean nothing! There is a pub/restaurant on the way to the hotel, but that's it. So if you party in central london and need to come back you'll have to take a taxi (which can run from 18-22 pounds). Oh and there is no closet, they have a very small little shelf thing on the wall, if you are alone and pack light it's not a problem. But if you are with someone else and pack a lot then it can be. I would go back, even though the area is a bit boring and it's a bit outside of london.	
Mar 26 2006	Good deal if you're willing to take the tube	We stayed at the London West Ramada Encore for 3 days in mid-March 2006. If you are willing to take the tube for 15-20 minutes to get to central London (via Central Line), this hotel can be a great deal (we paid $75 a night). It only takes 2-3 minutes to walk to the North Acton tube station. This hotel is in zone 2/3, so you can use a zone 1-2 travelcard for your stay (basically a must for staying here). Our room was quite spacious (the size of standard U.S. hotel room) with a very modern bathroom. The only reason for not giving it 5 stars is a bit of a feeling of &quot;nickel and diming.&quot; All the hotel literature talks about the included breakfast buffet, but even though this was not expressly stated, our promotional rate apparently did not include the breakfast. It didn't look too good, and for 7 pounds, you can do better elsewhere in the city. However, if you can't wait to eat breakfast, it's pretty much your only choice as the hotel has the only restaurant in the area.All calls, local, calling card, and otherwise are apparently charged, so I just used the pay phone in the lobby to make my toll-free calling card calls. All-in-all, highly recommended.	
Mar 2 2006	Great	We went to Encore for a short stay by end February, 2006. I visited London at least 15 times and I used to stay in 4* hotels - at least - to ensure minimal quality and cleanliness. As my younger friend travelling with me had a limited bugdet, I choose this hotel by reading the review and by the price.Great! This is the best hotel I had! Our room was on the 6th floor, very quiet (window are double glazed), big modern room (not London standard!), the timber floor squeeked but was OK, very very very clean, the staff is professional and helpful, on sunday we had breakfast and apart the dryed and cracked sausages, all was pretty good for the price. Even in the breakfast room and in the restaurant all was clean (actually, the cleaning staff was busy all the time around).A 5 min walk to North Acton tube and then in 9 min you're in Central London.I'll surely call again!	
Feb 19 2006	New and very clean	Stayed for one night at the Encore. This hotel is very new and it shows. All areas are clean and in very good decorative order. On arrival the receptionist was very pleasant and helpful and friendly. The hotel offers reduced price use of the nearby Virgin spa although we didn't have the time. The rooms were spotless and comfortable and although we were in a smoking room (due to my friend who was also staying there) us two non-smokers couldn't sniff a trace of it in the air or furnishings. We were a bit worried that being near a very busy road and having wooden floors this hotel would be noisy but due to some fantastic double glazing and sound proofing it was very quiet. We had dinner in the restaurant &quot;Wok around the World&quot; which was very good - the starters are fab especially the dim sum and Thai fishcakes - and plentiful. Unfortunately, our shower room flooded the following morning but reception was very helpful and made sure that we were ok they would have moved us but we were checking out anyway. Breakfast is good if a little disorganised they have recently changed from continental to full cooked breakfast and I don't think they have quite found their feet yet. However, any problems were quickly solved and the food is very good. With a bit more practice it will be up to scratch. All in all we would stay there again especially with a really good deal like we got.	
Feb 13 2006	Great value	Spent saturday and sunday nights at the ramada encore and could not really fault it..Modern hotel which is a great base for trips into london,north acton tube a 5 minute safe walk and in zone 2 so a one day travel card £4.95 and only 20 minutes to central london.Rooms are clean with a great modern bathroom with a great power shower and large enough for two ( note no bath ).Good bar with good choice of drinks open late and breakfast although £6.95 will keep you going.Room rates at hotel quoted as £99.95 a night although i managed to book for £59 a night on hotel website.Only thing i would say if you drive to hotel use the car park there..altough £8 a day where the hotel suggest there is free street parking apx 5 minutes from hotel,the parking bays have window glass although over floor and wouldnt want to leave my car here over night.	
Feb 2 2006	Honeymooners' Delight	We stayed at the Encore for our honeymoon from Dec. 16 to Jan. 2. Overall, we would definitely recommend this hotel to other travellers. The location was pretty good. Although it was about 15 minutes on the tube to get to central London, it is on the central line, which is convenient. And to our surprise, we could actually see the London Eye from our hotel room (far on the horizon), so we didn't feel like we were that far away from things. As well, the tube station is only about a 5 minute walk from the hotel. In terms of the actual hotel, we found it to be excellent. It is very modern with wood floors, cheerful colours, and excellent bathrooms. As well, it was extremely clean. The bed was really comfortable but the couch was a bit hard (we requested extra pillows). The Wok Around the World restaurant was open pretty much all evening and had ok food. It would have been good to have more of a selection (not just mainly Thai) but we didn't eat there a whole lot anyway. They have an after hours menu available from 11pm to 5am with pizza, paninis, etc. This would have been better if it was available earlier in the evening. The bar was open late and it has a great atmosphere. There is also a cafe serving Starbucks but is was closed after 5pm and on weekends. This was a bummer. The continental breakfast included in our rate was excellent. It had hot and cold food and we really appreciated being able to fill up in the morning so that we could get by with only one other meal later on in the day.We found the staff to be very pleasant and helpful. They were mainly a younger crowd but very professional at the same time. It snowed one morning at breakfast and the staff went nuts with excitement. We were talking to an older staff member and invited her to come back to Newfoundland, Canada with us where we get lots of snow to do our shovelling! The Encore was an excellent hotel and we had a great honeymoon in London. I would definitely recommend it to those who don't mind being a little bit out of the center of activity but who do want spacious, clean, comfortable accommodations.	
Jan 25 2006 	Nice Clean Good Staff... but far	I really liked this hotel. Good staff, the room was clean, decent showers. I would recommend this to travelers and people who have business around the area. It is only 25 min. ride to notting hill metro station which is not bad at all. I had to go out to Richmond for work and my trip took me 45 min. If you need to go out to the east end of london it'll also be a bit of a long trip. I dont really mind the long metro trips however if you like to stay out late this may not be the best place for you. The metro shuts down at about 1am and a taxi ride back will set you back quite a bit, at least 60 dollars if not more.When you compare the hotel to others in its price range this one cannot be beat. An excellent value in my opinion. As long as you can give up a little convenience you will enjoy your stay.	
Jan 18 2006	Excellent hotel!	Definitely an excellent hotel for the price! We stayed here for 5 nights during our vacation to London. The hotel is very neat and clean and furnished quite nicely with bright colors and modern acessories. Rooms were a bit small compared to American standards, but that wouldn't deter us from staying here again. Remember to take your own toiletries, because they don't provide the little bottles of shampoo or soap, etc. TV has very limited channels, but movies, Internet access, etc can be ordered.The staff is very helpful and friendly in accomodating your requests. They were very willing to help plan tourist destinations, etc.The North Acton tube station is a 4-5 min walk away. It's not far at all. You don't see many people walking around in the streets, as it is primarily a business/residential area. Also, remember to eat prior to returning to the hotel (or plan to eat in the hotel itself) as there are no restaurants in the area, which is the only real downside to staying here.The hotel serves a buffet breakfast in the morning with a wide variety of food including cereal, toast, crossiants, other mini pastries, bread rolls, fresh fruit, eggs, breakfast meats, juices, coffee, hot chocolate, etc. It was a nice selection. Keep in mind that not all room rates include the breakfast, so if yours does not include it, then it is 6.95 pounds extra per person per day.I would definitely stay here again. It's an excellent and clean hotel with a very friendly and helpful staff. We paid around 60 pounds or so and booked through hotels.com which is quite under the rate the hotel normally charges of 99 pounds. Definitely worth it for the value!	
Jan 15 2006	Flawless for the price!	The Ramada Encore London West is a flawless hotel for the price.Let me tell you why this hotel is great. It is only a few min. walk from the North Acton Tube Station (Zone 3), which allows easy access to airports, places to eat, tourist areas, shopping, etc. The hotel is new, kept clean and very modern (there is parking as well, if you bring a car). There is a restaurant, bar and coffee shop in the hotel. The Coffee shop serves Starbucks (including a lot of the specialty drinks), along with various snacks and light meals. In addition, there is a special menu that starts at 11 pm and lasts until early in the morning. All the prices are reasonable for an American in London (got to keep in mind that bad exchange rate).Speaking of reasonable prices, I stayed there for three nights and spend under 300 pounds (that includes the VAT tax). The only aspect that could be taken as negative (I feel like I need to mention this) is the fact that it seems to be located in a residential/business area. Meaning, there are not many eating establishments outside of the hotel. Even so, this would not keep me from staying in the hotel.	
Jan 15 2006	Brand new hotel with some problems.	Stayed at the Encore at new year's day for 3 nights. Hotel is brand new, with a good-looking modern style. Booked through Expedia and paid around 80 Euro/night, which is not bad for an expensive city like London. Rooms are large and well equipped, but we had to call 3 times the reception due to air-conditioning malfunctions (we were freezing!). They came 2 times, always re-setting the temperature switch and ensuring it would have worked. The third time they finally allowed us to change the room. The second room had internet connection not working. I called 4 times the reception and talked also to the internet provider (a toll free number) but it never worked. Plus, room service in this hotel is not available! If you order a can of coke or a dish from the menu, they ring you 15 minutes later and you have to pick it up at the reception! No steer water was available, so we had to drink only sparkling water for 2 days. Breakfast was normal for the kind of hotel. The snack-menu that should have been available 24/24 hours wasn't available at night. Hotel is in a new and almost desert zone of London where there's nothing at all to see or visit except for a Burger King open till late night. Underground conveniently located, there are about 8 stops to go before reaching downtown (20 minutes). Well, it could have been a better experience: it's a 3 star hotel with a bit more of style but not really what I call &quot;a flawless service&quot;.	
Jan 12 2006	Great value	Stayed at the Encore last week. It's an exceptional value and would cost twice as much a couple of stops closer in on the tube. On average it's a 15 minute ride into central London. The staff was very friendly and hotel is new &amp; well maintained. The only negative was the restaurant. If you're familiar with asian cuisine you'll find it was bland and not that great of a value.	
Jan 3 2006	great london find	For travelers who don't mind a short tube ride to the west end, this is a perfect hotel. We stayed four days starting christmas day and enjoyed it throughly. We used hotel and at 49 pounds including the breakfast buffet, it was a clean, attractive, quiet and new hotel, with nice rooms, a good shower with lots of hot water, and except for the lack of a &quot;real&quot; closet, everything one needs to stay close to downtown. Luckily, we found out the tube and buses were not running on christmas day, and were fortunate the hotel is on the heathrow side of town so the fare was not too bad. After that, the tube is a very short walk and a nice quick ride to town. Overall, a great hotel for the cost, a cut above the Ibis and better than most rooms at the thistles.	
Jan 2 2006	Perfect	We stayed four days in London, and We think Ramada is perfect to visit the city. Clean, 3 minutes to North Acton tube, and very good price.	
Dec 12 2005	Stylish Hotel	A very stylish hotel with good size rooms with wooden flooring. Very clean &amp; staff friendly. Within a 5 minute walk to Acton North tube &amp; 20 minutes to the West End. FYI There doesn’t appear to be any other restaurants within walking distance from the hotel so be sure to eat out or in the hotel’s restaurant before 10pm. The hotel’s “out of hours” menu from 11pm is limited &amp; pricey for very small portions. Still a recommended hotel overall and would definitely stay again. Great value for money at £71 with breakfast or £60 without. 8/10.Good Points: Very clean, stylish, good size rooms &amp; friendly staff. Parking around £7 for 24 hours.Bad Points: Limited “out of hours” menu. Breakfast nothing special.	
Dec 7 2005	Enjoy my stay at the Encore	Sorry for the delay in posting. I only thought to post as I plan for my next trip. I really enjoyed the Ramada Encore. I have made several trips to London and this is the cleanest hotel that I have stayed in for this price. The tube was near to the hotel and the trip into and out of city was easy. The staff was extremely helpful and friendly. The hotel was relatively full, but the noise level was kept to a minimum. The breakfast was light, but still a very good breakfast. The bathroom was outstanding -- very clean and hot water was not a problem.	
Nov 21 2005	A true Gem Outstanding for the money!	I just want to echo the comments made throughout this website about the Ramada Encore, I was there with a friend in late Oct for 2 nights and we both commented about how surprised we were with the style of the rooms and the brill breakfasts, I got it on hotels.com for £60 per room per night and would happily pay more as it was so good, As many have mentioned, don’t worry about the fact its not in the middle of London as its so close to Acton station and its only a few stops to central London stations. We had a lovely view of an oversized mobile phone from our window!The staff were chatty and happy to help you and told us everything we needed to know to make out stay stress free. My friend still mentions how good the breakfasts were and there were only about 5 other people for breakfast the time we were there, so plenty to choose from.Book it! I will, the next time I go to London.	
Nov 13 2005 	modern in everyway	i love this hotel. stylish, modern, with a great on site restaurant. a bit of a walk from the underground, on the main road but very quiet. the bathroom was gorgeous. staff was pleasant.	
Oct 31 2005	Amazing hotel great value!!	I booked at the Ramada encore after having spent weeks researching London Hotels and reading countless reviews...I do have to say though, that this was the best hotel i ever stayed in in London....i'm very particular about clean and you could not get any cleaner in this hotel. it was very modern, new and the view from the 6th floor was amazing. I really did not want to leave!The staff is very friendly and willing to help - they even managed to remember my name for the entire 5 nights i spent in the hotel.Breakfast was amazing - it was a buffet and they had hot food including eggs, sausages, bacon, mushrooms, baked beans, bread with a working toaster, juices, yoghurt, cereal and sometimes fresh fruit.It is a few minutes walk from the North Acton subway stop in zone 2 - not too far from Heathrow and about 15 -20 mins to central London by Subway (say for ex, Oxford st).I did have some nice walks in the evening since the weather was really good while i was there - i discovered there is a large plaza with a movie theatre, bowling alley and fast food shops about 15 minutes by foot from the hotel. However, it is in a residential/business area.I recommend staying here if you don't mind travelling a bit to get to central London, the service and price cannot be beat.	
Oct 19 2005	Nice hotel - I'd stay here again	All of the other reviews you may have read here - that the Encore is clean, modern, etc. - they're all true. You just have to remember that this hotel is really set up for business travelers, as it's in a commerce zone. There's no closet - you get 6 hangers and that's it - so if you're the type who likes to &quot;move in&quot; you'll be disappointed. I'll second all the comments about the bathrooms, as well - very slick, cool slate floors, but keep the showerhead on low pressure or you'll have Noah's flood. Breakfast is a great deal.About the location: seems perfectly safe - there's just very little around within walkable distance (restaurant, shopping, etc.). There are one or two pubs nearby, and a huge ASDA about 15 minutes' walk away. But this is a hotel/neighborhood that is set up for people with cars.Transport is good - the North Acton tube is only a two minutes' walk away, and there are a few bus stops as well. The new Heathrow Connect service lets you travel easily from Heathrow to North Acton in less than a half-hour, if you hit the schedule right.I would definitely stay here again, but I wouldn't recommend it for the first-time London visitor, or anyone with kids.	
Oct 2 2005	Great value at a good price	We stayed there for 3 days in sep 2005 and loved it. Friendly staff, clean rooms, ...much much better than the other stuffy small hotels we found for the same price. It's a 20 min ride on the tube from central london, but with such good public transport of london it was not a big deal. And it is just a 2 min walk from the tube station. This being the last station in zone 2, you can use your travel card (which most vistors buy) for your to and fro journey to central london. And if you like Indian food then you can try some good inexpensive meal at a nearby 'dhabha' (restaurant) or just get a home delivery from some good indian restaurants located nearby. Sumptuous breakfast served in the morning (including cooked vegetables sometimes). If you want to stay in heart of london, this is not a place for you. But if you a want a neat, spacious, quiet, Modern hotel with B&amp;B then this is the place to go!.	
Sep 29 2005	Great price great place	Stayed here recently. Value for the money.New hotel. Great rooms with air-condition. Modern Hotel.Friendly staff, although we had to wait a long time to order food in the resturant one night.£69/night. It`s like free, compared to other similare hotels.Took 20mins to Oxford Street. 5min walk from tube station.Disappointing breakfast. Otherwise PERFECT.Enjoy.	
Sep 25 2005	Fantastic! Choose it! Different for London. Spotless!!	My girlfriend and me have spent one night in the Ramada Encore West Hotel the 24th September. The Hotel is 3 minutes walk from the tube station (north acton in Central Line; 15 minutes by tube from the city centre) (when you go out from the tube go to the right, walk 1 minute,then turn to the left :one minute walk and then to the right: one minute walkimg). We arrived to the hotel early at 11 in the morning and the room was already prepared!! It is spotless, new and really fashion. The room in 6th floor had wonderful sights. Wood floor without carpet, very spacious, new furniture, air conditioning, great bathroom.....ABSOLUTELY CLEAN AND NEW!!Very different from london standards....There are no places to eat around the hotel so we decided to have dinner in the asian restaurant they provide. It was great served! Very nice food. It cost about 35 pounds for two people.The area is really quiet, no noise from the street or the hotel. Although there are not many people walking on the streets it looks a safe area .The buffet breakfast was really nice. Fruit, Juices, fresh bakery, cereals, cheese, sausages, eggs, capuccino, yogourts... .... ..... All the staff were very helpful and nice.When i will come back to london I will look for an offer to repeat this hotel.It´ s worthy to spend a little more money but staying in a great place like this. Thanks and congratulations to the staff!!	
Sep 20 2005	Most impressed!	The rooms are as the hotel promotion photos depict- very nice, modern and just pleasant! I won't think twice about staying there again whenever I go to London. Definitely.I booked a triple room to stay with my partner and my mother- we had a sofa bed put into our room but the room still had plenty of room to function.We stayed there for 4 nights. There was coffee and tea making facilities, a hair dryer (no mini fridge though) and a shared ironing room on our floor (3rd).... and the bathroom was very trendy!The included breakfast was good- we got hot breakfast for 2 out of 4 days! Breakfast times were 6:30-10am for weekdays or 7-11am on weekends.The room rate was very good too.It's a 3 min walk from North Acton tube station (Central Line). If you are carrying luggage there are some stairs involved, just like most other tube stations. Travel time to London is short enough (&lt;20min to centre of London) and it's just nice to get out of the city at night (air is much cleaner).I booked the room through ---- and got an even better rate from them.We had no problems with the staff - there was no stuff-ups with the booking either. I had looked around for a London hotel for a long time before stumbling across this one. Overall, I'm most impressed!Good luck with your travel.	
Sep 18 2005	Awful breakfast and Not family friendly	We stayed at the Ramada Encore in July 05.Finding the Hotel was fairly easy, Getting to it was a different story as it is on a one-way system and although I could see the hotel I couldn’t get too it without a detour. If you are driving there make sure you get a map with directions showing the one-way system. Note in rush hour this area is very congested.First impressions of the hotel were good; it is a bright and modern hotel the reception opens out into the restaurant which is a large open space bounded by large windows looking out over the dual carriageway. Reception seemed OK, however they had to ask me what rate I had. (makes me wonder what other people were paying)The room was clean and the bathroom very nice with a good shower.We had asked for an extra bed in the room as we had 2 children, this turned out to be a double sofa bed. This left no free space.There was no cupboard to pack away our clothes so we lived out of a suitcase which was a pain since we had no space because of the extra bed.Breakfast was included in our rate, but although was advertised as a “signature” breakfast it was absolutely awful. It was toast and bread rolls/croissants and jam, some small chunks of cheese wrapped in plastic and a boiled egg if you were lucky.The breakfast area was a real mess with juice everywhere and people milling around waiting for more food or drinks to appear from the kitchen.On the second morning we were there my son slipped up in a puddle of orange squash and got covered causing us to have to go back to the room for a full change of clothes (and if you’ve got kids you know what a drama that can be). I went to see reception who rushed off to get the cleaner and then didn’t reappear. The third morning we took breakfast at McDonalds.The underground station is a 5-10 minute walk away and Central London is 15-20 minutes away. The trains run every 5 minutes or so.The hotel has a pay car park, the type that you get a ticket as you go in then pay at reception to get out. Be prepared to wait if you want to get out in a hurry and there is a queue at reception. It was very confusing as I never really knew how much the car park was costing (there is a postage stamp size sign near the barriers on the way in).For dinner the menu at the hotel looked very nice, although it was expensive and nothing for children. Instead we ate at a pub which was a 5 minute drive away served good reasonable food and had a children’s playground.In summary, this hotel is only ideal for the budget business traveller. NOT and I repeat NOT family friendly.	
Sep 15 2005	Affordable place to stay	Nice modern rooms, shower room very trendy although not very practical when floods entire room. Walls are quite thin! Breakfast is great, &amp; parking is cheap. Good for staying in London when on a budget.	
Aug 19 2005	Relaxing stay at the Encore...	My boyfriend and I arrived in London, the second stop out of three in Europe. We were very impressed with the hotel as a whole, including staff, rooms, dining facilities, price and location.Before we arrived, we called the hotel to see if there was a Tube route that would bring us from Heathrow to the hotel. The girl who answered the phone ensured us that there were none and that we would need to take a taxi to the hotel for around 30.00 GBP. We did as she had suggested and arrived at the hotel, 45.00 GBP's later. You would understand our dismay to see upon our first time riding the Tube that there WAS indeed a route that would have brought us from Heathrow to the hotel - a very easy route in fact and it would have cost us 5.00 GBP total for the two of us. We shrugged it off as the receptionist being new and not very wise for suggesting something she wasn't even sure of.Aside from that blunder, we very happy with quite a few things at the Ramada:1. The room was VERY spacious and clean. Since the hotel was new, everything about the decor was modern. We were able to access the Internet from our T.V. for only 3.00 GBP per hour. We didn't like that we needed the key at all times to keep the lights on, but that is the case with all new hotels anyway. We also liked the bathroom - it was spacious with a pretty cool shower.2. The restaurant in the hotel was pretty good and not too expensive. We also made quite a few trips to the bar, which was conveniently open late.3. The breakfasts every morning were very filling with plenty of items to choose from.4. The staff was friendly and helpful when we needed anything.5. We LIKED the location, even though it was a bit of a trek into town. It was safe and quiet and located 2 minutes from the North Acton Tube station, which is part of the Central line. It was very easy to get from point A to point B with the Central Line. 6. The price couldn't be beat! We booked through Superbreak and got a really good deal, a few hundred dollars cheaper than other web-sites.A few suggestions while visiting London...take the famous Double Decker Bus tour, see a show in the theatre distict (we saw The Producers and LOVED it!) and bring an umbrella - it rains alot!Cheers!	
Aug 4 2005	Great Price but Long Commute	We booked this hotel based on all the positive reviews previously posted and they were all correct -- this hotel was great. The people were friendly and the accommodations were good. The free breakfast had a good variety and they kept replenishing everything in a timely fashion. It was a little hard to find at first -- if you have heavy luggage like we did, it might be worth the taxi ride from the airport.The biggest drawback was the long ride to central London to all the various sights and shopping. It took us on average 45 min. to an hour to get to where we wanted to go. A big part of the long ride was that many of the tube stations were closed because of the July 7 bombings so we couldn't transfer to other lines (but found out too late) so we had to take the long way to get to some places.Overall, the hotel is great but we might stay a little closer in next time.	
Aug 3 2005	Why stay in stuffy old hotels?	I have to agree with everyone who wrote about this hotel. I booked two twin rooms, one with an extra bed (free for my 13 year old) for 2 adults and 3 teenagers. The hotel is so ultra-modern and clean. My experience of London hotels ( I am not in the Ritz class) is 'Buyer Beware'. You can get a old stuffy one or you can get a bad one!The Ramada is about 5 miles away from the nearest London attraction. In good times you could say that the nearest tube station, Acton North on the Central line, is only 5 minutes walk away but we, and in hindsight, sensibly took a black cab into London. Luckily, they take 5 persons and cost about £22 so that was OK.There is really nowhere to eat around the immediate area but the restaurant in the Ramada, Wok Around the World, served excellent Thai and Indonesian food - cooked in front of you. There is also an excellent bar menu after 11am which the young ones took advantage of.The rooms are new and clean. The bathrooms are very modern and very functional. The only criticism is that there are no drawers for underwear etc and no wardrobe space but there is a system of coat hangers for your larger items. So what! If it had, I would have given it 6 stars.There is a 20 inch Philips TV with a connecting keyboard for hotel info, films, internet and personal billing - the kids liked that!Why it is only a 3 star hotel, I don't know but let's keep it like that as it is a bargain. The original booking for 3 nights over the weekend was only £375 for 5 people including continental breakfast through Octopustravel. Where else can you get that sort of value in London without catching an exotic disease?	
Jul 18 2005	Great Service Clean	Rooms were really clean and the service from hotel staff was great. Breakfast had a great selection. Location is about 5 minutes from the train station on the central line. It takes about 20 minutes to get into central London by tube. Will definitely stay here again.	
Jun 27 2005	bargain stay !	hi all!just returned from a 1 night stay at the Ramada Hotelthis hotel is fairly new and you can smell this !looks like ikea inside the public areas and the bedrooms plus points spacious rooms power shower internet connection good choice of tv channels very very comfortable beds excellent continental breakfast choice of cereals, breads , yoghurts, juices, coffees, etc....Staff were very friendly and check in was efficient location wise 5 min walk from north acton station (central line)for the rate i got £ 60.00 per night incluidn breakfast it was an excellent bargain minus points If i was staying for a few days I may get frustrated by lack of wardrobe space There are no wardrobes in the room they have space to hang clothes by the door only however as I only stayed for 1 night this was fine Would definatley stay here again !	
Jun 26 2005	An up-to-date Hotel that worth the money you pay	I spent four nights with nine people more in this Hotel opened since June 2004. Although it is not in Central London (it is in the limit between zones 2 and 3), it is very good located. You can reach the city center in 20-25 minutes travelling by underground from the u-station located at 300 metres from the Hotel. The communal areas as well as the rooms are roomy, comfortable and very up-to-date in the interior design. The rooms are very good soundproofed relating to outside noise, can not say the same relating to the other rooms noise. The breakfast consists of a good continental buffet.Summing up, a very recommendable Hotel that costed 69 pounds for two people a night.	
Jun 19 2005	Good hotel good price a hike to central London	This hotel is a good pick if you want to save a bit of cash and have a decent room that is a little bit of a hike to London. We stayed 3 nights in a double room for 79 Pounds Sterling/night. The rooms were pretty big by London standards for this class of hotel and clean (the hotel is new). Floors are hard wood. The hotel is a 2 minute walk from the Tube (North Acton Station) and about a 20 to 30 minute ride into London from there. It is located in a commercial area so there is really nothing nearby (no stores, restaurants, or sights), so the hotel restaurant and bar is your only option nearby.I would stay here again, but if you want to be IN London, you can either pay more or get less.	
Jun 12 2005	Best Bed and Breakfast deal in London !	Contrary to most bed and breakfasts in Central London, this place is new (about 1 year old), clean, and a five minute walk to the North Acton Tube station. It's about a 20 minute ride to the heart of Central London from there. The rooms are ultra-modern and spacious. I stayed here for 5 nights from March 11th to March 16th, 2005 and loved it. The only draw back was the limited amenities to iron your own clothes. It's not a 5 star hotel with all the resort features, but most people visiting London (as tourists or for business) just need a place to sleep and to eat a healthy breakfast. It's beside a busy street but the rooms are still quiet. The rooms have hardwood floors but are still warm. They are furnished in an IKEA style. There's a security person in a suit manning the entrance at night, eventhough it's in a safe neighborhood. There's a pub along the way to the Tube station also. I would definitely stay here again if I return to London!Lastly, there are a lot of smokers in London and smoking is allowed in almost all public areas (including this hotel), so make sure you ask for a non-smoking room if it offends you.	
Jun 8 2005	We liked the Encore	My sister and I stayed at the Encore March 2005. We found it to be a good value. It was bright and cheerful inside, and the front desk staff was courteous and extremely helpful in giving directions. Our room was clean, quiet, and, much to our surpise, spacious, which is not typical of European hotel rooms from what I have heard. The area around the Encore was also quite safe - my sister and I both felt comfortable walking out at night. Our only qualms were a) the rooms did not have a closet - we had to keep our belongings tucked inside of our suitcases b) the hotel was a bit far away from Central London - the Encore is in Zone 2-3. Although it is conveniently located just a short walk from the North Acton tube station, we found it to be quite a distance from all the action. Our daily commute into the city was about 15 min on the tube. Also, there were very few restuarants and shops in the area surrounding the Encore.I would not recommend the Encore for those who like to take midday breaks back at the hotel before continuing with their sightseeing. Otherwise, the Encore is a great place to stay.	
Jun 8 2005	Clean and nice hotel	I did a lot of research before traveling on our first overseas trip, using this forum's reviews for just about every hotel in London. Our trip was for 4 nights, 3 of us (Mom &amp; 2 teenage daughters) in one room. We had a double bed and a pull out &quot;cot&quot; was set up upon our arrival. We were allowed to check in early. We all loved the room--very clean, not noisy. There was not much storage area, and we had ALOT of luggage, but we managed fine, living out of our suitcases. The bathroom was roomy, and we actually liked the shower with no door and had no problem keeping the water where it belonged. It was a pretty short walk to the underground, and we liked the idea of not being in the heart of the tourist area. We ate at the pub nearby which was good. We enjoyed the free breakfast and found there was a pretty good variety (for a continental buffet) of food. The decor of the hotel was very modern and reminded us of something out of &quot;The Jetsons.&quot; The staff was very polite and helpful, and when we returned late at night, noticed that the security guard kept an eye on us while we were walking home. Don't know if it was needed or not because we felt very safe in the area. My daughters are pretty picky and they loved the hotel. I do recommend taking a cab to and from the hotel, though, as opposed to carrying luggage on the underground, which we did on our way there. Not a good idea, but it was our first experience with a subway and so we learned from our mistake.	
Apr 23 2005	Delightful surprising hotel	We used TravelAdvisor to pick a hotel that was not extraordinarily expensive which most are in London. We found the Ramada Encore. This was a surprising hotel while not in downtown London, it was very clean. We took the Gatwick Express into Victoria station and from there we took a taxi to the hotel because we did not want to drag luggage up and down the stairs in the tube stations. It cost approximately 25 pounds to get to the hotel from Victoria Station. The hotel is only about 4 minute walk from the tube station (Central Line, North Acton). They allowed us to check in early which was really needed after arriving in London at 7:30 in the morning. While not having a lot to do around the hotel, the restaurant in the hotel was excellent. Michael was one of the best waiters we've encountered in a long time. The Chef created food that was excellent, the service was excellent. In this case, all the excellents are deserved. Let it be noted that the room did not have a closet but had hooks to hang your clothes and the shower had no door. These are not significant negatives.	
Apr 22 2005	Encore indeed! I'd stay again!	I stayed here in mid March. This was the first time I've been to England or indeed to any worldly city outside Dallas. I enjoyed my stay quite a bit. We stayed 3 days and shared a 2-double on the 3rd floor. The room was exceptionally clean and tidy, with a modern look. The bath was immaculate and new with ensuite power shower - plenty of hot water. The room temp was cozy, but we kept the windows open often. The hotel features a free continental breakfast buffet with juice, cereal, fruit, cheese, yogurt bread, coffee, juice, and milk. There's high-speed internet for a 20p/min fee and a payfone (i think the same fee). The hotel also hosts a spacious guest lobby (that reminded me of a very modern college commons), a full bar (open late and staffed by this guy named Gi who is super friendly), and a good indian food restaurant (shrimp crisps are nice with a Carling Cold). Elevators take you to the higher floors, there are a few vending machines round the back, and parking is no problem. There is even a security guard on duty here at night, though I had absolutely NO indication that the guard was necessary. Its just a further example of the full service provided. This hotel is in North Acton, which is on the Central Line headed west. The location is not very central to the big sites of london, but the tube station is only about 5 min from the hotel by foot and bussing is also very available, and this is hardly a bad area to stay in. If this hotel were in Westminster or if it had a shuttle service, I would gladly give it a perfect 5 rating. Since its location is just off of central and you have to make it here on your own (though they will call a cab for you), I rate it only VERY GOOD instead of PERFECT. Not too shabby for about 50 GBP ($100 USD) a night. I will definitely stay here again!I've included my email, so If you've any questions about London or Dallas, let me know. Cheers!	
Apr 22 2005	Far away from most everything but clean and bright	Beware, this hotel is quite a trek from the main London drag. At busy times expect to spend 20+ minutes on the Tube getting to most of the tourist attractions. Rush hour times on the subway were horrific, avoid them if at all possible. No nightlife in the area to speak of (though that can be a blessing). The Underground is within easy walking distance, though it is certainly not 200 yards away as the hotel proclaims--it's more like three blocks. The Thai restaurant inside is surprisingly reasonable and decent, and the (free) continental breakfast is also good. The rooms are okay, kind of novel and on the small end, and there is virtually no storage space. Very stingy on electrical outlets, too; I think there were two in the entire room. Whoever designed the place took a lot of inspiration from IKEA: lots of bright colors, clean lines, and thin fabrics (I'm not complaining). Liked the wooden floors and the rooms were very clean. As I wound up in a wheelchair accessible room (after the heating system in the original room wouldn't shut off), the bathroom was something of a conundrum--taking a shower without drenching the entire bathroom is something I never mastered, which makes sense considering there was no door or curtain to the shower. It was perplexing. Hopefully folks staying in regular rooms fare better. A word on the wireless Internet they say they supply: it is through a third party and horrifically expensive ($6USD for 30 minutes/$22+ for 24-hour access), PLUS it is unavailable in the rooms. You've got to be down in the lobby for access; I wouldn't have stayed there had this been accurately represented (and I won't stay there again, based mostly on its location). The hotel's exchange rate was horrid; get that done elsewhere.	
Apr 10 2005	Great Stay	We (us with our 3yr old and 1yr old) stayed here for three nights. Plenty of room for the four of us - we had a cot as well as a huge amount of luggage/strollers etc. - and the kids still had room to muck about (although we did worry about whether they made too much noise on the wooden floor). Bathroom was excellent. Staff were extremely friendly and helpful. High chair was available for the little one for meals. The coffee shop had plenty of lunch type food available as well as cakes etc. Tube station is very close and there is a pub across from the tube station (there is also a shop and a service station nearby). Easy to find and plenty of parking. Good breakfast - cereal, rolls, toast, fruit, yoghurt. Hotel restaurant was happy to make meals for our kids just how we wanted. Would definitely stay here again and recommend to others.	
Apr 7 2005	Great Hotel	Great hotel for the price. One of the most reasonable hotels in London and after searching found the price to be much better than that of the Central London hotels and the reviews were more consistant - this is why I chose this hotel and was not let down. The staff was very courteous. The breakfast - I think - could have been a little better but for the price (free!) was fine. The rooms were extremely clean and the decor was very nice! The metro was about 5 mins away. I may choose a hotel closer in to Central London next time - the walk to the tube was around 5 mins (not far but during our stay some of the stations towards central london on the central line were closed from this point over so made it a little difficult getting to and from our hotel) but this one appeared to be a sure bet for other things according to the reviews - and it was. The food in the restaurant was excellent and the servings huge!	
Apr 3 2005	The Encore was great!	We stayed at the Encore for four days in March. We found the hotel to be very clean and neat, and loved the modern decor. The rooms were great, the bed was very comfortable. Having the tube station so close was an added bonus (we found that there are two ways to get to the tube, the one without stairs takes a little longer, but no more than 10 minutes). The hotel's restaurant was also very excellent and reasonably priced. There was one double-edged sword, in that the Encore has wooden floors, which is beautiful, but noisy at times. (Usually in the morning). The breakfast was good too, but get there early, if no one shows up, they start to clean up early. Above all, the Encore was a great end to our trip in Europe! We loved it and have already recommended it to friends! We would definately stay there again!	
Mar 25 2005	Highly Recommended!!	My daughter and I stayed here in March '05. It was a great value.The entire hotel is extremely clean. The staff is the nicest among any I have encountered in Europe (and most of the U.S., for that matter). It is a bit out of the centre of London, but the tube is a 2-5 minute walk. This was perfect for us, as we really used the room for sleeping and showering.The bar was always open when we returned and seemed to stay open for its patrons.The breakfast was good--breads, cereal, pastries, cheese, etc. It operates until 10:00 a.m. and the breakfast attendants adhere to this time religiously!The only problem I had was that my room was cleaned even when I had my Do Not Disturb sign up. I guess it could be a lot worse.Yes, the showers are weird. But the cleanliness outweighs any quirks.We are definately returning here! If you don't want a lot of action around your hotel, this is the best deal you'll get in London!	
Mar 24 2005	We will encore at the Enore	We enjoyed our all too short a stay at this hotel. The staff were very helpfull and the ecclectic breakfast buffet was of good quality. Our room was very clean and adequately appointed. The only negative was that the hotel is not very accesable and by being in the wrong lane as we approached the hotel we were forced to endure an extended rush hour trip along the Western Avenue before being able to retrace our steps to the hotel.	
Mar 22 2005	Loved the Encore!	The rooms were nice and tidy. The breakfast had something for everyone. The staff was very polite and helpful with all of our tourist questions and always pointed us in the right direction. The nearest tube is just a few minutes away and there are several little cafes, a pub and convenience stores within a minutes walk from the tube. It was great to be able to get a filling lunch before we headed out for a day in London. The tube is the central line and runs straight through all the main stops in Central London. We purchased a week long tube and buss pass when we first got to London so that we could travel on all the buses and tubes for one flat and reasonable rate. I highly recommend picking one of those up. There are a few bus stops (bus 266) near the hotel that goes into the main area of Acton Town which has lots of restaurants, pubs and a Safe Way if you'd like a bigger variety of eateries and pubs to choose from near the hotel. Just ask the staff and they will tell you where the stops are. Next time I go to London I will most definitely stay at the Encore again.	
Mar 22 2005	Awesome Place to Stay!	My husband and I just returned from a 4-night stay at the Encore London West. It is an excellent hotel! I read the reviews prior to booking and all they said was true! Clean, comfortable rooms with contemporary decor. Great breakfast, what a deal. Tube station 3-5 min walk; 15 minute ride to central London. Staff at the reception desk was very friendly and helpful. Got a great room rate at -----. Will definitely stay here again on the next trip to London. You are welcome to email me if you are traveling and need additional info about the hotel or London in general.	
Mar 21 2005	Fab hotel!	Smooth and easy from beginning to end. Friendly, helpful and efficient staff. Quiet, ulltra-clean and modern rooms. Tube nearby on Central Line; safe, well-lit location. Fantastic value. I still can't believe I found a hotel of this calibre for 100US in London. Will absolutely return.	
Mar 17 2005	A great deal for london !	We spent one night in this hotel which opened recently. It seems to be a super good deal for london ! Above all, the price for the double room was more than reasonable for this city : 72 euros (through an online travel agency). Moreover, the rooms are very spacious, modern-contemporary furbished and well-equipped (you can make your own tea). The bathroom is pleasant, even if there is no door for the shower. The only complaint I could make is that the room we were given, allthough clean, smelt smoke very strongly. The breakfast, even if it is not the big english one, is satisfying. We found the staff helpful and very friendly. Well, the only negative point is the neighboorhood (industrial business park, no shops or restaurant). But it is a convenient place to reach the city center with subway (except if this portion of &quot;central line&quot; is in renovation as it was the case for us...arrgh!). It seems to be also a very good choice for those traveling by car. Thanks for the other reviews which let us choose this hotel !	
Mar 17 2005	best bargain in London!	We saw a fantastic deal for a long weekend here in January, and going with the trip advisor reviews we took it. This is the first time I stayed so far out of London's centre, but I needn't have been concerned. The hotel was a 2-3 minute walk to the nearest tube station - North Acton on the central line. This made all trips easy as Liverpool street station, Bond Street, Marble Arch and Oxford Circus are all on the central line as well. (Contact the hotel for directions from tube stop to hotel, as it is an industrial area and the hotel's location is not immediately obvious.) The hotel itself was obviously new and immaculate. The room was clean, modern and comfortable with all usual facilities - tea/coffee, internet, etc. The breakfast was good - a selection of toast/bread/cereals/tea/coffee,etc but a cooked breakfast was not available. The restaurant was also excellent offering asian cuisine. I would definately return to this hotel again.	
Mar 10 2005	Nice hotel	We stayed here in February 2005.Pros: Nice and clean good-sized contemporary rooms and bathrooms, comfortable bed, safe location, decent restaurant, Starbucks coffeeshop on-site, 2 minutes walk from North Acton station, cheap (About 59GBP), Wireless internet access in lobby (5GBP for 2 hours), Wired internet access in rooms for same price, Coffee-maker with good coffee, free continental breakfastCons: Location. No good restaurants/cafes nearby (Just 2 smoke-filled pubs and 1 gas station). NottingHill station is 12 minutes train ride from North Acton. 35GBP taxi ride from Heathrow. Hard to get a drink late, as the bar on site closes by 11pm.Overall, we had a very good time. We would take the train in the morning to NottingHill or Oxford Circus and go from there. Good water pressure - but no shower door, so bathroom gets wet. We would come back to the hotel late at night after spending the day in the city and it was safe. Last train to N. Acton leaves by 11:30pm from the city.	
Mar 1 2005 	Great value great hotel		
Feb 27 2005	Hotel is pretty but gets left		
Feb 16 2005	Had a great time!		
Feb 10 2005	Very good!		
Feb 3 2005	Superb Property		
Jan 20 2005	Excellent in every way!!!		
Dec 2 2004	Excellent		
Oct 18 2004	London's best kept secret!		
Jul 10 2004	Best London Hotel I've Stayed In!		
Jun 21 2004	Absolutely fantastic!		
Nov 12 2009 	Très bien		
Nov 5 2009 	Super Hotel - tolle Lage		
Oct 26 2009 	essenziale		
Oct 13 2009 	Ottimo per la famiglia		
Oct 7 2009 	2 notti rilassanti		
Jul 29 2009 	Sin duda volveré		
Jul 27 2009 	Ausgezeichnet und günstig wenn auch etwas eng für 4		
Jul 4 2009 	una buona scelta		
Jun 11 2009 	Sehr gutes Preis-/Leistungsverhältnis		
Jun 9 2009 	Hotel sympa		
Jun 2 2009 	pratico		
Apr 27 2009 	economico e 3 stelle al punto giusto...		
Apr 2 2009 	Un hotel al top con sole 22 Euro a notte		
Jan 16 2009 	Hotel muy correcto		
Sep 10 2008 	Ottima sitemazione		
Sep 9 2008 	Buon Hotel.....ma lontanissimo dal centro!		
Aug 16 2008 	Excellent service		
Jul 24 2008 	Eccellente !! Tra miglior hotel di Londra		
May 21 2008 	over booking		
Feb 18 2008 	Splendide !		
Jan 5 2008 	Sehr empfehlenswert!!		
Aug 31 2007 	Excelente en todo		
Aug 24 2007 	Buen hotel		
